Manchester United are eyeing a sudden deal for Youri Tielemans in the wake of Donny van de Beek’s cruel injury, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are a midfielder short after their No 34 was ruled out until the end of the season. And with Tielemans’ Leicester contract due to expire come the summer, a move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Van de Beek was recently forced out of United’s 3-0 win over Bournemouth earlier this month, much to the frustration of Erik ten Hag. And it’s since emerged the Netherlands international will be sidelined for the rest of the campaign. United are now a midfielder short, with the Red Devils still in contention to win the Premier League, FA Cup, Carabao Cup and Europa League this term. According to Vavel journalist Thomas Alencar, United are now exploring a deal for the Leicester star - but are yet to launch an official bid. “United is interested in Tielemans. No proposal yet,” he said on Twitter. “The interest comes from the team of scouts and the sporting director of the club. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “The interest comes from the team of scouts and the sporting director of the club. “The Belgian is one of the possibilities in January after van de Beek's injury.” Tielemans has been linked with United in the past but nothing has ever materialised. With his Leicester contract due to expire at the end of the season, however, a move to Old Trafford may be set to take place. United have a good relationship with Leicester, having previously recruited Harry Maguire from the Foxes in 2019. And Tielemans, who has also been linked with Newcastle and Arsenal in recent times, would undoubtedly be a positive recruit. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Should a deal take place, the 25-year-old would also become the latest Belgian player to feature for the club. Ritchie De Laet, who would win the league title with Leicester in 2016, was given his United debut by Sir Alex Ferguson during the Scot’s time in the dugout. David Moyes developed Adnan Januzaj and landed Marouane Fellaini, while Marnick Vermijl made two appearances under Louis van Gaal. Under Jose Mourinho, United brought in Romelu Lukaku back in the summer transfer window of 2017. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer gave a debut to Largie Ramazani, who is currently strutting his stuff for Almeria in Spain. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Tielemans could also become United’s third signing of the January transfer window, too. Jack Butland has joined from Crystal Palace on loan, with the shot-stopper poised to provide competition for David De Gea and Tom Heaton. And, just last week, United confirmed the arrival of Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley. Speaking after his move to Old Trafford was confirmed, Weghorst said: "I feel privileged to be joining Manchester United. “I’ve played against the club in the past and it’s a fantastic feeling to now have the chance to pull on the famous red shirt. “I’ve seen United’s progress under Erik ten Hag this season and can’t wait to start playing my part in pushing the team towards its aims. "Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. "I thank everyone who has played a part in getting me to this stage. “And now I am looking forward to meeting my new team-mates and getting involved straight away." Weghorst could make his debut when United face off against Crystal Palace on Wednesday (8pm).