Jurgen Klopp could not have made it any clearer in his previous press conferences that his Liverpool side are not expecting a busy end to the window. However, deadline-day business should not be ruled out. The Reds are currently ninth in the Premier League and 10 points outside of the top four. The Anfield outfit have paid the price for their lack of investment over the summer and failure to address key issues in their squad. Liverpool’s squad is short of depth and heavily relies on young players stepping up in the absence of key players, rather than gradually being integrated into the squad. Additionally, their midfield is ageing and no longer has the qualities required for Klopp’s system. With injury issues mounting in the final third, Liverpool signed Cody Gakpo from PSV to address that problem. And Klopp could press to address his lack of quality in midfield on deadline day by pushing for the club to sign Sander Berge from Sheffield United. The Norwegian has been admired by the Reds for several seasons, with the likes of Chelsea and Arsenal also keen on the playmaker. Sheffield United are keen to sell Berge on Tuesday in order to address their financial woes, though Fulham are in the box seat to secure his signature. Brighton and Newcastle are also keeping tabs on the situation, though Klopp could see Berge as a quick fix for his issues in the centre of the park. Though it won’t just be an incoming on the agenda in Merseyside on deadline day, the club could look to offload central defender Nat Phillips. The 25-year-old has been linked with a £10million move away from Liverpool this month, with several Championship sides keen to acquire his services. Turkish side Galatasaray are also interested in Phillips and are willing to open talks with Liverpool promptly. The Reds must ensure that all of their business on deadline day puts them in a strong position for the second half of the season, largely due to how failing to finish in the top four will be a hammer blow to their summer transfer hopes. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is a priority at the end of the season but may not be willing to leave Signal Iduna Park for a club not competing in the Champions League, handing Real Madrid and Manchester City major boosts in the race to secure his signature.