Renowned dermatologist Salome Dharamshi shared some of the beauty and skincare routines women over 50 should follow on a daily basis to look younger. He explained that "there are many things you can do to look younger" starting with medical-grade products to target specific skin concerns or beauty treatments. "For me, to look younger, you also need to factor in lifestyle as well as skincare," he said, and recommended women drink plenty of water and get enough sleep. As well as this, eating a diet rich in plants and vegetables, staying fit and limiting alcohol and caffeine are key to slowing down the ageing process. The doctor recommended "moisturising and cleansing regularly" as this is a "fantastic combo that helps protect the skin and keep it healthy, without stripping skin of its natural moisture". Most importantly, women should make sure they avoid alcohol as it can significantly dry out the skin. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Moisturisers containing hyaluronic acid are the most suitable for women over 50 as this is a "hero ingredient for its ability to retain moisture, AHAs and retinol are great for eliminating fine lines and rejuvenating the skin too". The dermatologist also advised incorporating a facial massage into the skincare routine to create blood flow and bring more oxygen tissue. Facial massages also "tighten and lift your jawline and cheekbones" but importantly, women should perform this using a serum or moisturiser with hyaluronic acid at night for better results. Other tips include "wearing less makeup," doctor Dharamshi advised, as it can trap dirt and impurities in the skin, causing acne.  He added: "You can also seek out key skincare ingredients that will protect it against free radical damage and accelerated ageing." Lastly, the dermatologist warned women not to neglect the neck and advised that the most "important thing you can do is treat your neck and décolleté like an integral part of your skincare routine". Therefore, when hydrating, exfoliating or massaging the face, people should make sure they include the neck too. The skin on the neck is more prone to sun damage, sagging and hyperpigmentation because it is three times thinner than the skin on the face, according to the doctor. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth "As well as applying products, you can also look for treatments to give you faster, long-lasting results," he recommended. The most common signs of ageing on the neck are when vertical muscle bands, sagging skin and excess fat deposits appear. Experts at Allura Clinic shared other lifestyle changes to protect your neck from the signs of ageing including doing regular exercise or eating fatty foods like avocado or salmon. Exfoliating the neck once a week is also key as well as using a vitamin C serum as it "drastically decreases the sun’s ability to damage your epidermis, which means less loose skin flapping around on your neck". Applying SPF every day is also important to slow down the progression and "don't forget the sides of your neck, which are exposed to the sun when you drive," said doctor and dermatologist Tsippora Shainhouse. Unfortunately, the neck is subject to descent from the force of gravity from the moment we are born, the doctor explained, and sun exposure doesn't help. Genetics and hormonal fluctuations also influence collagen and elastin, and can cause the neck's texture to change making women look older. Therefore, it is very important not to ignore your neck and starting to care for it as soon as possible is vital for better results as we age.