Tottenham are reportedly prepared to offer one of their players in exchange for Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo, with the two clubs still in negotiations over the Italian international. The Giallorossi would supposedly prefer money up front but manager Jose Mourinho, who spent two years in charge at Spurs, could be tempted by one of four swap-deal candidates... Game time has consistently been hard to come by for the Tottenham academy product under Antonio Conte, and he only has one Premier League start to his name this season. It could therefore be time for the defender to seek a new challenge and take his career to the next level. Italian giants Inter Milan and AC Milan were both interested in signing Tanganga during the summer, amid a feeling that he could excel in Serie A. Mourinho gave the 23-year-old his breakthrough in north London and may yet be tempted to bring him to Roma. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Trossard rocks the boat already as Odegaard challenged Another player struggling for minutes under Conte, Spurs fans are reluctant to give up hope when it comes to the Spanish winger but he may be best served leaving on loan again before he is ready for the starting XI on a consistent basis. Gil, 21, has only started two Premier League matches this term and he spent last campaign on loan at Valencia. As a full Spain international with a bright future ahead of him, Mourinho may be tempted to see what he can coax out of the former Sevilla youth prospect. DON'T MISS...Gerrard has Potter suspicion about huge Chelsea signing MudrykFergie's 10 worst Man Utd deals as Ten Hag looks to learn from errorsArsenal target Kiwior spotted at airport as Arteta lays out 'plan' The midfielder has been threatening to make his full-blooded breakthrough into Spurs' senior side for some years now, but Rodrigo Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg have proven tough to displace in the middle of the park. Now past his 22nd birthday, Skipp played more league matches during one season on loan at Norwich City than he has managed in his entire Tottenham career. Mourinho was a fan of the youngster during his time in north London, referring to him as a 'future captain' and adding: "He's one of these players by human quality, by personality, he is one of these kids that I have no doubt he will be an important player for Tottenham." Spurs getting rid of their starting right wing-back may sound like curious business, but they are reportedly locked into negotiations to bring in Pedro Porro from Sporting Lisbon, who would likely leave Emerson out in the cold regardless. The Brazilian has broadly failed to cut the mustard in England and not many Tottenham fans would be sad to see him go, providing a replacement is brought in. The 24-year-old remains a player of interest for many clubs, however, including Serie A, which makes Roma a logical next destination.