Before his accession, King Charles already had access to an impressive portfolio of homes that stretched as far south as Tamarisk House on the Isles to Scilly to the Castle of Mey in Northern Scotland. However, following the late Queen's death, the new monarch inherited a number of royal homes all over the UK. While many of these official residences are controlled by The Crown Estate, there are some properties such as Balmoral Castle and Sandringham House that are privately owned. Throughout his many decades as Prince of Wales, the King lived in several royal residences - but always had his eye on one home in particular. King Charles reportedly expressed a deep wish to live at Marlborough House on The Mall, but he was refused as it had already been leased to the Commonwealth Secretariat in 1965. This was shared in the diaries of the late society columnist Kenneth Rose when they were published after his death.  While the monarch has lived in Buckingham Palace, Clarence House and St James's Palace, there is another home on The Mall that he was reportedly desperate to call home, according to the late society diarist, Kenneth Rose. After meeting Charles in 1985, he recorded: "Prince Charles would love to live in Marlborough House. ‘I grit my teeth with rage whenever I go to some Commonwealth event there. "'But what can one do? Once the people get inside a building, it is impossible to throw them out.’" Marlborough House is now the international headquarters of the Commonwealth Secretariat and Commonwealth Foundation.   The house was originally built for Queen Anne's key adviser Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough in 1711. It later became a royal palace and over the centuries Dowager Queens, Princes, Dukes and Duchesses have stayed in the house, including Queen Mary who died there in 1953. It became the Commonwealth’s headquarters in 1959 at the late Queen's request. It has been the venue for independence negotiations and many Commonwealth conferences, including Commonwealth Heads of Government meetings. READ MORE: Queen Maxima weight loss - Royal shed 10 kilos in leadup to birthday  Elsewhere in his diary entries, Kenneth Rose shared an incredible story from Lady-in-Waiting, Prue Penn, that explained how the late Queen had hosted a religious sermon in a room at Sandringham House in Norfolk after staff felt it was haunted. He wrote: "Prue Penn [the Queen Mother’s lady-in-waiting] tells me that at Sandringham in the summer, the Queen invited her to attend a little service in one of its rooms conducted by the local parson. "The only other person present was the Queen Mother. Some of the servants had complained that the room was haunted and did not want to work in it. "The parson walked from room to room and did indeed feel some sort of restlessness in one of them.  "This the Queen Mother identified as a ground-floor room which had been turned into a bedroom for George VI during his last months. "So the parson held a service there, not exactly of exorcism, which is the driving out of an evil spirit, but of bringing tranquillity. "The congregation of three took Holy Communion and special prayers were said, I think for the repose of the King’s soul in the room in which he died. "The parson said that the oppressive or disturbing atmosphere may have been because of Princess Diana: he had known such things before when someone died a violent death." 