 Nobody likes paying tax but most of us have no choice. We pay it on our income before we see a penny of it. We slap down huge sums in stamp duty when we buy our home. We pay it on any capital gains we make and inheritance we leave our family. And we pay it on most things we purchase, through VAT. Most of us accept this is the price we pay for living in a civilised society, and in return we get health care, roads, police, an army and so on. Until recently, the two big political parties were clearly divided over tax. Labour liked imposing them, Tories liked scrapping them. The Conservatives have now lost their tax-cutting reputation, but there is one thing they still hate. That's paying tax themselves. Tory chairman Nadhim Zahawi hates taxes so much that he used offshore companies to avoid paying £4.8million that he owed to HMRC. This wasn’t an innocent error. If it had been, he wouldn’t have been forced to pay a £1million fine on top. Zahawi has now been forced from his post but other top Tories have shown they hate paying tax, too.    Jeremy Hunt was quick to hike taxes when he took over as Chancellor from Kwasi Kwarteng last year. In November’s autumn statement, he extended the freeze on income tax, inheritance tax, capital gains tax and pension lifetime allowance thresholds by two years to 2028, in a move that will net billions for HMRC Hunt has not broken any tax laws himself, but he did exploit a loophole in his own government’s crackdown on buy-to-let landlords. He saved nearly £100,000 in tax on the purchase of seven rental flats, after buying them through a company directed by his wife. Our Chancellor, the man who runs the nation's money, also failed to declare his controlling interest in the proper manner, breaking anti-money laundering laws that were also brought in by his own government. Happily for him, police accepted this was a mistake. It's worth remembering, though, when your next tax bill comes in. Hunt has said taxes must rise "to see us through choppy waters”, but the multi-millionaire Chancellor, who has an estimated net worth of £14.5million, is keen to keep his exposure to the minimum. Most of Hunt’s fortune came from the sale of an education business he co-founded and was sold in 2017. He stepped down as a director back in 2009, shortly before his first cabinet appointment, transferring his shares to a blind trust. Blind trusts are used by ministers to avoid conflicts of interest. Using one also means they do not have to reveal their investments in full in the list of ministerial interests.  READ MORE: Trusts are a good way of cutting inheritance tax bills.    Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, a multi-billionaire though his marriage to Indian heiress Akshata Murty, has also courted tax controversy. Murty used her ‘non-domicile’ status to potentially save tens of millions in taxes. No laws were broken, but many felt it wasn’t right and she’s now dropped her non-dom status. Naturally, there is nothing wrong with managing your tax affairs to minimise your exposure, provided you do it legally. Even if you also belong to a government that is slapping taxes on hard-pressed working people left, right and centre. I'm constantly writing articles suggesting how people can cut their inheritance and capital gains tax exposure, and make the most of pension tax relief and their annual Isa allowance, without breaking the law. For most of us, the gains can be measured in hundreds of pounds, rather than the huge sums wealthy people escape through more sophisticated planning. Having a tax happy Tory Party is bad enough, it's even worse when ministers seem reluctant to share the burden themselves. Perhaps we should all be taking tax planning advice from them instead.  