Prince Harry has claimed that he wishes his brother, Prince William “would be able to feel the same benefits” that he has experienced since seeking therapy. The Duke of Sussex was in conversation with The Telegraph where he spoke about his memoir, which was officially published on January 10.  Prince Harry, 38, has been travelling around to give interviews as his tell-all memoir has been released globally. In various media interactions and in the book the Duke of Sussex spoke openly about his use of ayahuasca, a psychedelic, with a professional during his treatment. He said that it was this experience that prompted “the acceptance and realisation that she [Princess Diana] has gone, but that she wants me to be happy and that she's very much present in my life. “As two brothers, if one of you goes through that experience and the other one doesn't, it naturally creates a further divide between you. Which is really sad.   “But as much as William was the first person to even suggest therapy, I just wish that he would be able to feel the same benefits of that as opposed to believing what he doesn't need to.” In Harry’s new memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex outlines the moment he claims the Prince of Wales said he wanted to come along to one of his confidential therapy sessions. William wanted to do this as he was worried about what his younger brother was being exposed to, Harry claims. Harry also said that William thought he was unwell and "unwise", as he planned to move abroad with his family and leave behind his life as a working Royal. READ MORE: Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate  William also reportedly turned down Harry's offer of a joint therapy session with him, as he suggested the idea in order for the brothers to mend their relationship, telling William it would "be good for you. Good for us." Meanwhile, the Prince and Princess of Wales were urged to “keep going” on Thursday as they made their first public appearance since the publication of Prince Harry’s memoir. The couple – who remained tight-lipped over the book’s explosive revelations – visited the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital just days after the Duke of Sussex laid bare the intimate details of several run-ins with the couple, including a physical fight with Prince William. Among the crowds clamouring to shake their hands inside was patient Sylvia Staniford, 81, who gripped Prince William’s hand tightly and said: "Keep going, keep going. Scousers love you." DON'T MISS:NHS chief calls for increased training for doctors and nurses in UK [REVEAL]Prince Harry defends Royal Family members in his tell-all memoir [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton claims ‘therapy doesn't work for all'  [SPOTLIGHT] William smiled and replied: “Yes, I will.” Mrs Staniford said afterwards: “Of course that was a reference to Harry. He knew what I was talking about.” 