King Charles III could try to temporarily freeze the ongoing feud between the Royal Family, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to avoid being upstaged. Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti forecast His Majesty will try to secure some form of "reconciliation" with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex before the ceremony. The couple's presence at the coronation has been thrown into question after they levelled a series of accusations against the institution in their Netflix documentary, and later in the Duke's memoir, Spare. Sacerdoti said: "I suspect that there are some efforts going on to try and make some form of reconciliation. "I think because they don’t want family tensions to upstage what’s going on on that very important day. "Whether or not that’s possible is one thing, and whether or not it's lasting is another thing. Even if they do manage to make some form of peace, [it] might be temporary." He told US Weekly: "I think it’s going to be extremely difficult for them as a family — and more broadly, for the nation and for the Institution — to forgive what’s happened." JUST IN: Harry out for 'revenge' as he releases new 24-page document with Meghan While relations between the royals remain frosty in the aftermath of Spare's release, the King is reported to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to intercede with Harry and Meghan to strike a peace deal. The Mail on Sunday however suggested Prince William was somewhat resistant to starting talks with his brother. The report suggested the Prince of Wales is concerned the Duke of Sussex will exploit their father's coronation to stage a "stunt". However, Prince Harry and Meghan have been tipped to skip the coronation altogether as it falls on their son Archie's fourth birthday on May 6. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan see staff shake-up at Archwell as two ‘integral’ employees leave And the Duke is also believed to have been offered a lucrative deal to commentate on the ceremony for leading broadcasters. A royal insider told the Sunday Express last week: "Network bosses are hoping he doesn’t go – and are ready to pay a hefty, seven-figure sum to land one of the biggest royal coups of all time. “One very senior executive told me it would be worth $5million (£4million) for the bragging rights alone. DON'T MISS:Princess Charlotte made history at the age of two [REPORT]Hawaii's last monarch who was ousted and sentenced to hard labour [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry told 'it's not your day' after making 'shady' move [INSIGHT] “Watching a new King being crowned while his son is on the couch talking viewers through it would be ratings dynamite – even if Harry steers completely clear of controversy and the rift that exists between them.” Another source added: "There is now a massive appetite in America for Britain’s Royal Family, with enormous audiences for recent coverage of the deaths and funerals of Prince Philip and the Queen, as well as her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “Whichever network manages to land Harry will be guaranteed a ratings blockbuster, with an advance advertising blitz that will draw millions more viewers who might otherwise have tuned in elsewhere.” Palace aides have reportedly suggested Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will "absolutely" be invited to attend the coronation.