A drunk man bound for Ibiza after splitting from his girlfriend ended up assaulting staff who refused him entry to his flight. Kyle Windsor, 27, from Fazakerley, Liverpool, had been drowning his sorrows at a departure lounge after arriving at Manchester Airport four hours before take-off to "hit the duty frees". Other travellers tipped off Jet2 staff about Windsor's condition who refused to let him board the plane when he turned up at the boarding gate. A scuffle ensued during which Windsor pushed over passenger service assistant Roy Franklin, sending him toppling into a metal barrier. When Mr Franklin's colleague, Sarah McLean, tried to calm Windsor down, he yelled at her: "You f****** fat slag." MailOnline reports Windsor then shouted at shocked onlookers including young children, "Who the f*** are you?", before his arrest by officers from Greater Manchester Police. He was taken to Cheadle Hill custody suite and was found in possession of a wrap of cocaine which his solicitor said Windsor believed was ketamine. Mr Franklin said in a statement to police: "I felt disappointed that I found myself in this situation. "I felt for the passengers and my colleagues but especially my female colleagues because of the language used. "This incident was purely down to alcohol. I have been working at the airport with Jet2 for just over four months and this was a first for me. I come to work to help people, not to be assaulted." READ ABOUT A MAN BEING CONVICTED OF MURDERING TWO PEOPLE Ms McLean said she should not have been threatened for carrying out her duties. She added: "I have a duty of care to protect my colleagues, passengers and the aircraft. "This incident was witnessed by many young children and this would no doubt have a had a negative effect on their holiday experience." Jack Moore, prosecuting, told the court the defendant arrived at Manchester Airport's Terminal Two at 1.13pm on July 25 last year. Mr Moore added: "He was set to board a Jet2 flight to Ibiza hours later, but soon after he arrived at the terminal he began to consume vast amounts of drink purchased at the duty-free retailers. DON'T MISS: Missing walker's haunting words about 'spooky' path before vanishing [REVEALED] Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school [REPORT] Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama over 'Sussex drama' [LATEST] "Airport staff were made aware of his increasingly drunken behaviour by a number of reports made by holidaymakers in the terminal." He said four hours later, at 5.08pm, Mr Franklin and Ms McLean refused the defendant entry onto his flight. Mr Moore said: "Both of the Jet2 employees reported the defendant was clearly intoxicated and was unsteady on his feet. "He was also loud and obnoxious towards staff and other passengers. He became angry with the two staff members for their decision to take exception of him and shoved Franklin in the middle of the chest in an attempt to get past him. "The force of the push made Mr Franklin fall back, hitting a metal barrier pole on his way down to the floor." The court heard Mr Franklin did not sustain any injuries from the assault, but got up from the floor and managed to calm down the defendant, getting him to steady himself and to sit on the floor. Mr Moore said: "However, despite this, the defendant's civil denouement did not last long and he was soon back up on his feet. "He became aggressive towards McLean and verbally threatened her. He shouted: 'Who the f*** are you?' and, 'You f****** fat slag', all while in the presence of families with children." The court heard Windsor was interviewed the day after he was taken to the custody suite and gave no comment throughout. Windsor's solicitor, Toni Moran, told the court how her client "thought the white snap bag of powder was ketamine, not cocaine". She said Windsor had experienced PTSD due to struggles with asthma he had during Covid which led him to use alcohol to self-medicate. Ms Moran said: "His plan was to go away on his own as he had recently experienced a break-up with his girlfriend. He self-medicates with alcohol and that is why he got to the duty-free really early. "Regarding the assault, he attempted to push past Mr Franklin to get through to the aircraft. He just wanted to get on the plane. Before he was arrested he did apologise to Mr Franklin and this was acknowledged by the victim. "In all fairness to the victim, he was very magnanimous and didn't over-exaggerate the incident in his statement." She added Windsor was very drunk, had trouble growing up and was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of seven. The court heard he also suffers with asthma, which meant during Covid he had a "particularly bad time" and was unable to get medical help. Ms Moran said: "This experience left him with PTSD. He was prescribed anti-depressants, but has been infrequent in his dosage. While he doesn't drink daily he does binge drink and has realised that this is his problem. As a result, he has since given up drinking." Windsor admitted common assault, using threatening behaviour, being drunk and disorderly and possession of cocaine at Tameside Magistrates Court. He was fined £189 with £453 in costs and was ordered to complete 10 rehabilitation activity days as part of a six-month community sentence.