Vera is finally here with a fresh instalment hitting screens this evening (January 15) on ITV1 at 8pm for a feature-length case spanning two hours. Titled Vital Signs, the episode sees the eponymous detective Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her team on the case after a GP’s charred remains are found in a burned-out car in the middle of a quarry. The doctor was heading out to attend to a patient but it soon becomes clear this person never existed. Questions emerge over who lured the GP out and would want to murder her and why. As Vera delves deeper into the mystery, she stumbles across a complex web of intrigue and betrayal with secrets coming to light. The sleuth will be trying to discover who this doctor really was with swirling accusations around her both personally and professionally. Vera will be pushed to the limit as her investigation becomes more tricky as she tries to get to the truth. Once again, there will be some new guest stars joining the episode, who will appear alongside the regular cast. READ MORE: Here's the lowdown on the new series of Vera on ITV Dr Leon Parmer - Hugh Quarshie British acting heavyweight Hugh Quarshie takes on Dr Leon Parmer and is no stranger to audiences thanks to his roles as Ric Griffin in BBC medical drama Holby City. Most recently, he’s appeared in ITV’s Riches, Sky’s Breeders, Stephen, Silent Witness, The Son and The Railway Children Return. Tasmin Yo - Kirsten Foster Kirsten Foster appears as Tasmin Yo and has starred in Doctors as Dr Christine Deng as well as parts in The Sandman, A Discovery of Witches and Grantchester. Olivia Parmer - Frances Grey Frances Grey portrays Olivia Parker and viewers are likely to recognise the actress from Messiah as police detective Kate Beauchamp as well as roles in Bloods, 15 Days, Ordeal by Innocence and Homes Fires. Val Kirkstall - Heather Bleasdale Heather Bleasdale will be playing Val Kirkstall after starring in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Walking with the Enemy, Last Chance Harvey and Journal of a Contract Killer as well as bit parts in Doctor Who, Holby City, Little Boy Blue and Casualty, among other roles. Cliff Cringle - Garry Cooper Veteran star Garry Cooper appears as Cliff Cringle and is best known for his roles in the iconic movie Quadrophenia, Caravaggio and Beautiful Thing. More recently, he has appeared in House of the Dragon as Lord Ryam Redwyne, Gangs of London, Britannia and Landscapers. Rob McShane - Geoffrey Lumb Geoffrey Lumb is Rob McShane with the star counting credits in Midsomer Murders, Holby City, Doctors and 24: Live Another Day. Pat Cringle - Angela Sims Angela Sims takes on Pat Cringle with previously having small roles in Call the Midwife, The Crown, Law & Order: UK, Chickens and The Bill. Yousef Adwan - Danyal Ismail Up-and-coming actor Danyal Ismail plays Yousef Adwan and is most recognisable for his role in another ITV crime drama, McDonald & Dodds as DC Martin Malik. Martha Parmer - Issey King This episode of Vera marks actress Issey King’s television debut as she plays Martha Parmer. Aaron Kirkstall - Spike Leighton Spike Leighton is Aaron Kirkstall and is another rising star with roles in Netflix’s Sex Education, Doctors and the films 1917, Danny Boy and Empire of Light. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods sneak peek confirms major transformation for Erin [PREVIEW]Kate Garraway's husband Derek in 'pain' after wheelchair accident [VIDEO]ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [VIEWER REACTION] Dr Lucy Yo - Joyce Veheary Taking on murder victim Dr Lucy Yo is actress Joyce Veheary, who has featured in Trying, Coronation Street, The Dumping Ground, Project 2030 and Zack Synder’s Justice League. Zoe McShane - Freya McNulty In her debut TV role actress Freya McNulty takes on the part of Zoe McShane. Other cast members in Vital Signs include Isabel Butt as Raya Bellingham and Sean Kearns as James Stratton. The regular cast coming back will be Brenda Blethyn as DCI Vera Stanhope, Kenny Doughty as DS Aiden Healy, Jon Morrison as DC Kenny Lockhart, Ibinabo Jack as DC Jacqueline Williams, Riley Jones as DC Mark Edwards and Paul Kaye as Dr Malcolm Donahue. Vera starts on ITV1 and ITVX tonight at 8pm