Nick Blackwell, who was left in a medically induced coma by Chris Eubank Jr, has advised his old foe to move up in weight after his vicious knockout loss to Liam Smith last weekend. The retired boxer was stunned by the finish and says that no one could have expected the way the domestic grudge match ended. Blackwell fought Eubank Jr back in 2016 in the third defence of his British middleweight title. After being stopped in the tenth round due to severe swelling above his left eye, Blackwell collapsed in the ring and was rushed to hospital. Upon arrival, it was identified that Blackwell had a bleed on the brain and was placed into a medically induced coma. Blackwell was taken out of the coma a week later and was forced to retire from the sport due to his injury. The 32-year-old was not in attendance for Eubank Jr vs Smith but did watch on from home and couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “Of course, I watched it. I think everyone watched that fight. No one expected what Liam Smith did to Eubank, but I take my hat off to both fighters, everyone respects boxers for what they have to go through to be a boxer, but Liam Smith has put Eubank on his bum,” Blackwell told iFL TV. “It’s crazy. The first person to ever do so. But I think it was Eubank’s weight, I think he needs to put some more weight on, he needs to go up a weight. You’ll get more out of Eubank when he’s up a little bit more weight. When you’re dehydrated that’s when things go bad, and you get hurt.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury addresses Jake Paul 'fight fixing' rumours ahead grudge match Joshua dupes Whyte as rival speaks out on fury over failed promise Following Smith’s victory on Saturday, the Liverpudlian dedicated his win to Blackwell via a video message uploaded to social media. “Alright Nick, hope you’re well mate, that was for you,” Smith said with a huge smile on his face. Pleased with the result and Smith’s words, Blackwell congratulated both fighters and praised Smith’s performance. “I'm BUZZING what a Fight Well done @LiamBeefySmith you've made my night I thought you would win YESSSS," he tweeted. “Well done both fighters glad they made it home safely to your family's,first person to put @ChrisEubankJr on the canvas I'm sure they be a rematch... @boxxer.” Smith became the first boxer to floor Eubank Jr in the paid ranks. The only other man to do so was former British bare-knuckle boxing champion Nathan Decastro, who dropped Eubank Jr in three seconds during an amateur fight back in 2011.