Tourists and royal watchers outside Buckingham Palace were questioned on their reaction to the bombshell claims made by Prince Harry in his upcoming book, Spare. Harry's hotly anticipated memoir was not due for official release until Tuesday, but mistakingly went on sale early in Spain and contains several new bombshell accusations against the Royal Family. Speaking to TalkTV, members of the public were largely dismayed by Harry airing the private rows and warned about the impact on the Royal Family. One couple said the relationship between Harry and his family "is definitely too far gone after what's been said now". Another said: "He has kicked that can so far down the road now, that I don't know when that could be." An older woman responded: "Life goes on. You put it behind you and move on. You can't live in the past, it will destroy your life." The tourists were questioned about claims of an alleged physical altercation between William and Harry. JUST IN: King could punish Harry and Meghan with 'nuclear option' after claims  In the book, Harry alleges that his older brother Prince William physically assaulted him in 2019 during a heated argument over his wife Meghan. He also alleges the Prince of Wales called the Duchess of Sussex "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". One tourist, wearing a German football jersey, said: "Everybody has an argument with their brother, not necessarily physically but I wouldn't say it's particularly unusual." Other royal fans told TalkTV that "it is a bit shocking to hear" the bombshells while others said the revelations "were a bit harsh" on Harry's family.  One young pair of royal fans defended Harry's drug use after he admitted to taking cocaine, cannabis, and magic mushrooms. The Telegraph reported that Harry claimed that under their influence, he was able to see there was “another world where the red mist didn’t exist”. The young pair said: "I think that just because he is a royal and put on a pedestal, it doesn't mean he doesn't make the same choices other young people do." However, a middle-aged woman criticised the admission, saying: "I'm not so sure I would publicly be speaking about those things." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry has 'crossed the line' as US loses support, expert claims [REACTION]Charles is ready to forgive, Harry just needs to pick up the phone [COMMENT]Royal Family praised for ‘retaining dignified silence’ – YOU VOTED [POLL]  One Australian tourist said she did not expect Harry and Meghan to return to the UK after the memoir's release. The Royal Family has so far remained silent on claims made in the book. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has warned that the Royal Family may be forced to act sooner rather than later. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: "The Royal Family do not intend to respond to the allegations in Harry’s memoir. However, their hand may be forced, it’s too early to tell. "The sheer outrageousness of the claims and the malign nature of the memoir will harm the Royal Family though a great many may wonder how rational Harry is. King Charles will hope the strategy of silence is sustainable. The Coronation is in May and will be magnificent and royal tours will undoubtedly be announced too." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. 