Gary Lineker has ridiculed Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga for trying to distract Manchester City star Julian Alvarez before his penalty in the FA Cup. The Argentina international tucked home his effort in a convincing 4-0 win that heaped further pressure on Graham Potter. City took the lead through a stunning free-kick from Riyad Mahrez in the 23rd minute, with Pep Guardiola’s side doubling their lead just seven minutes later through Alvarez from the penalty spot. The spot kick came after VAR ruled that Chelsea star Kai Havertz had handled the ball inside the box following a corner, much to the frustration of Potter. Riding high on the confidence from winning the World Cup, Alvarez took the responsibility and coolly converted, despite Arrizabalaga’s antics. The Spanish shot-stopper attempted to distract the striker by talking to him as he put the ball on the spot, crouching down so that his ‘fighting talk’ could be heard. Speaking about the incident, Lineker said: “What about this. I think Alvarez is probably saying 'mate, I've just won a gold medal at the World Cup, I'm not worried about you'. Pound-shop Emi Martinez." Aston Villa goalkeeper Martinez gained a reputation for being the ‘king of penalty shootouts’ at the World Cup, with his dark arts proving to be the difference during the final. The Argentina shot-stopper ridiculed some of his opponents, as well as making players collect the ball on their way to the penalty box to force them to overthink their shots. Therefore, Alvarez will be well aware of how goalkeepers will try to distract them. Arrizabalaga was unable to prevent the scoreline from becoming embarrassing at the Etihad Stadium on the night, with his side heading into the half-time break 3-0 down after Phil Foden got in on the act. Mahrez put the icing on the cake for City in the 85th minute from the penalty spot, once again, after Kalidou Koulibaly bundled Foden to the ground as he broke free inside the box. The significant defeat has prompted further Chelsea fans to turn against Potter and question his appointment, with the away supporters singing songs of praise for former manager Thomas Tuchel. City boss Pep Guardiola was asked about the ‘negativity’ surrounding the former Brighton manager, to which he replied: “I’d say to Todd Boehly to give Potter time, all managers need time. I didn’t need time at Barcelona because I had (Lionel) Messi.”