  Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 32, is an established actor famed for his roles in films like 2022’s Bullet Train and Marvel’s 2015 film Avengers: Age of Ultron. However, when he first met his famous director wife Sam Taylor-Johnson, 55, he was still an up-and-coming actor in his late teens.      The couple have been going over ten years strong now, marrying in 2012 and sharing two daughters, Wylda Rae Johnson and Romy Hero Johnson. The potential Bond actor first rose to fame when he portrayed Robbie Jennings in 2008 British teen romcom Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging. From there, he went on to star as John Lennon in the 2009 biopic Nowhere Boy, which was directed by wife-to-be Sam. The year before in 2008, Sam had split from her husband of 11 years Jay Jopling, 59, with whom she shared two daughters: Angelica, 25, and Jessie, 17. READ MORE: Fern Britton inundated with support over ‘battered by life’ update    Despite their 23-year age gap, Sam and Aaron went on to strike up a romance off the back of working together on the director’s feature film debut Nowhere Boy. While it is not clear whether Aaron was 19 or 18 years old when they first met, various publications agree that Sam was 42 when they started working together. According to The Telegraph, the pair first laid eyes on one another at the auditions in 2008, a year prior to the film's release. Sam went on to reveal in a 2017 interview with The Sunday Times that they almost didn’t meet because Aaron was only available to audition on a date where Sam was absent.      That year, the young actor was also filming scenes for US cult favourite film Kick-Ass, while Sam was busy handling her divorce from art dealer ex-husband Jay. However, in the end they both met when Sam was moving out of their shared home, with Aaron auditioning for the film at her house on the day he was free. In 2019, Aaron addressed the age gap with his wife, explaining: "When I met Sam I'd already lived a life far beyond that of most of my contemporaries. “I didn't relate to anyone my age,” he told The Telegraph. “I just feel that we're on the same wavelength." READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her famous assets in plunging blazer [PICTURES] Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims [NEWS] Stranger Things' Noah Schnapp comes out as gay after years 'in closet [NEWS]      It seems the pair had an instant connection, and entered into a whirlwind romance soon after meeting. "As soon as we finished, he told me he was going to marry me," Sam told Harper's Bazaar. "We had never been on a date, or even kissed." "And a year to the minute after we met, exactly one year to the minute, I got down on one knee and asked her to marry me," Aaron said. The pair announced their engagement at the UK premiere of "Nowhere Boy" in 2009, and confirmed Sam was pregnant with their first child just a few months later.     In more recent weeks, Aaron has reportedly met with 007 producers amid rumours he is tipped to be the next James Bond. The star apparently went to discuss the iconic role following Daniel Craig's exit from the popular film franchise. According to Puck News, he sat down with legendary producer Barbara Broccoli, with sources claiming the meeting went “very well” after he supposedly filmed a secret audition late last year. The source has also said that nothing official has been confirmed, leaving fans to speculate over who might be next to step into the famous spy’s shoes. Express.co.uk have contacted Aaron and Barbara’s representatives for comment.   