Newcastle legend Alan Shearer has hit out at Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta for his touchline antics during the Gunners’ 0-0 draw with the Magpies on Tuesday evening. The feisty top-of-the-table clash saw both sides come away with a point, but an animated Spaniard struggled to keep his calm on the side of the pitch. Arteta felt that his side should have been awarded two penalties and was aggravated by the lack of stoppage time awarded, and at one stage he attempted to square up to Newcastle boss Eddie Howe and the two coaches had to be separated by the fourth official. Shearer has warned Arteta that his demeanour in the dugout is not helping his side, and advised Arsenal to “have a word” with their boss. “I think Mikel Arteta needs to have a word with himself or his assistant needs to have a word with him and calm him down,” said Shearer to Premier League productions. “I think he is disrespectful to the opposition. He’s making it very difficult for referees who have a hard enough job as it is. “I get he wants to be animated on the touchline. If his players were behaving like him, then he wouldn’t like it. He needs to calm down. I get the big stakes. They are top of the league and it’s an emotional game. READ MORE: Tottenham missed trick with sublime £35m Newcastle signing after statement Arsenal showing “But he’s making it very, very difficult for referees because he’s being disrespectful to the opposition – when you see your manager on the touchline behaving like that. He has to calm down. He’s the one who has to make tough decisions and stay calm. At the minute, he’s going crazy on the touchline, it can’t be helpful, can it?” Howe cooled any bad blood between himself and Arteta after the full-time whistle and declared any heated moment to be over, though the Spanish coach was furious after the game that two penalties had not been given to his side. "I am talking about what I have seen, now. It is two scandalous penalties,” Arteta told Sky Sports. DON'T MISSLiverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door READ MORE: Tottenham missed trick with sublime £35m Newcastle signing after statement Arsenal showing  “It is not about which is stronger - they are two penalties. That’s very simple. I’m really proud, the way we played, the way we dominated the game, the approach that we had from the beginning.” Arsenal felt aggrieved that a spot-kick was not awarded after Dan Burn was adjudged to have fouled Gabriel inside the box from a free-kick by pulling his shirt. The referee also waved away protests from the Gunners’ players late in the game when Granit Xhaka’s cross hit Jacob Murphy’s arm at close-range, but neither incident provoked the official to point towards the spot.