In 2011, the Royal Family prepared for the wedding of future king, Prince William to the then Kate Middleton in a majestic and patriotic ceremony watched by the entire globe. While Prince Harry stood by his brother at the altar, he has since revealed he did not secure the official role as best man. This is one of several topics the prince spoke about in his memoir Spare, released this week. While this information may come as a shock to many, who will have put the brothers down as being very close more than a decade ago, Prince Harry has shared the reason why he did not make the cut.   He has admitted that William chose two of his friends to act as his best men. According to Harry, the 40-year-old sidelined his younger brother due to fears that he may say "something wildly inappropriate" during the best man's speech. The Duke of Sussex refuted the long-standing claim that he would act as William's best man in his book. He even called it a "bare-faced lie" as the two brothers deceived the paparazzi, who were waiting at the wedding venue, by going along with the claim. Harry wrote: "The public had been told that I was to be best man, but that was a bare-faced lie. "The public expected me to be best man, and thus the Palace saw no choice but to say that I was". William chose his two close friends, James Meade and Thomas Van Straubenzee, whom Harry describes as "two civilians, two innocents", who were "shy" and "quiet." Casting back to April 2011, the lead-up to William and Catherine's wedding, there was an intense amount of media interest. William reportedly didn't want to out them as his choices, in fear that the press would have "chased them, tracked them, hacked them, investigated them, ruined their families' lives". The 40-year-old felt that his friends "shouldn’t be expected to" have such interest into their lives. Due to the guests in attendance, such as Elton John and Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton, William did not want Harry to "say something wildly inappropriate". READ MORE: Meghan dragged into 'traumatised dynamic' as she plots 'normal' life for Archie and Lili In his memoir, Harry wrote: "In truth, Willy didn’t want me giving a best-man speech. He didn’t think it safe to hand me a live mic and put me in a position to go off script. I might say something wildly inappropriate. He wasn’t wrong". He added: "We even had a laugh about it, speculating about the inappropriate things I might’ve said in my speech." Having been married for over a decade, the couple now share three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Seven years after their royal wedding, in 2018, Prince Harry married US actress Meghan Markle in Windsor. DON'T MISS Clarence House announced Prince William would marry Kate in 2010, with a seven month lead up to the day of the wedding. The prince, who is heir to the throne, proposed while on holiday in Kenya. By the end of 2010, official photos had been released of the couple, just four months before their big day at Westminster Abbey. In a lookback at the day, it was reported at the time that Prince Harry, who was then 'wrongly' dubbed best man, arrived at the Abbey with his brother at 10.15am.   