The majority of Britons are looking forward to the King's coronation, a new poll suggests. The survey by Techne for Express.co.uk found 72 percent of respondents are excited about the historic ceremony at Westminster Abbey on May 6, which will see Charles and Camilla crowned in front of hundreds of guests. Some 22 percent of respondents to the poll of 1,624 British adults carried out from December 21 to 23 said they were not looking forward to the event. Six percent did not know. Older people were more likely than their younger counterparts to be feeling positive about the occasion. Some 82 percent of respondents aged over 64 said they were looking forward to the date, compared to 64 percent of 18 to 34-year-olds. There was a fairly even split between women and men with 74 percent and 71 percent respectively saying they were excited about the coronation. Brexiteers and Remainers were also in close agreement at 76 percent and 75 percent. However Tory voters were more likely than Labour backers to be eagerly anticipating the lavish affair on 81 percent and 73 percent respectively. It comes as a separate Techne poll suggests the majority of Brits do not think Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be invited to the coronation following their explosive Netflix series and as the Duke's memoir looms. Some 76 percent of respondents said the Sussexes should not be allowed to attend the event. The Palace has said the ceremony will be "rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry" but also "reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future". There were reports that Charles was planning a slimmed-down coronation amid the cost of living crisis. But it is now understood the 74-year-old has rejected the idea of a cut-price event and wants to use it to promote "UK plc" on the world stage. The event will be a spectacle of “glorious” pomp and pageantry after Buckingham Palace and government aides noted the huge international coverage in the wake of the late Queen's death and her state funeral. Lord Roberts of Belgravia, a historian and broadcaster, last month told The Telegraph: “We feared that after the Queen’s funeral, no one would take any notice of us for some time, but that's not true. In May, we will have the world’s attention upon us. The monarchy does exert great soft power and this is the equivalent of an aircraft carrier when it comes to international relations.” The coronation will take place on a Saturday, but Monday May 8 will be a bank holiday. The Government has already launched a consultation on extending pub opening hours throughout the coronation weekend. That could mean pubs in England and Wales being allowed to stay open until 1am on the Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. Ministers have promised the event will be a chance to "showcase the very best of the United Kingdom". Arrangements for the coronation - like those for the late Queen's funeral in September - will be diplomatically sensitive, given the likely presence of leaders from scores of different countries.