Coronation Street fans have been fraught with concern over young Max Turner (played by Paddy Bever) as he has been groomed by extremist Griff (Michael Condron). The teen has produced racist videos for Griff and his gang. But on Tuesday night, the youngster began to worry about what Griff has planned for the future. Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) and other Weatherfield residents planned to keep the Christmas market going but hold a peace festival. They hoped to show the cobbles are a place of unity and everyone is welcome in the community. But Griff was furious with their plans as he believes immigrants are not welcome in the UK. He made his thoughts clear and it wasn’t long before it was revealed he wanted to stop Maria. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again Spider (Martin Hancock, who has been working as an undercover police officer, overheard Griff on the phone and believed he was planning to bomb the Town Hall where Maria was proposing the peace festival. However, Griff, who has become suspicious of Spider, had actually tricked him into believing something bad would happen. When Spider alerted the police of Griff’s fake plan, it confirmed the extremist’s belief he was working undercover. Griff lured Spider into one of the gunnels where he hit him over the head, leaving him for dead. With Spider being rushed to hospital, Griff is now free to go ahead with his plan to attack Weatherfield. Griff instructed Max and the rest of his gang to pack up and leave the flat they’ve been using as a base. They were later seen camped out on a piece of wasteland as the Speed Daal van was parked up beside them. Max became suspicious about why Griff had the van but was told not to worry about it. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Max Turner offered chance to leave Weatherfield [SPOILER]Coronation Street boss teases six major storylines for 2023 [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street’s Daisy Midgeley to 'cheat' on fiance Daniel [THEORY] It’s slowly becoming clear to Max that Griff is up to no good and he began to panic about what he’s gotten himself involved in. Fans have already seen Griff organise a weekend away where he planned to test a bomb. It’s therefore likely he is planning a terror attack on the cobbles and the Christmas market. Viewers have taken to Twitter to speculate the only way Griff can be stopped is if Max exposes him. @FLday1980 posted: “#corrie After watching tonight, I'm going with Max and his girlfriend will be the ones to bring down Griff.” Jamie Was Crazy added: “Griff has to be meeting some sort of end tomorrow. Max is gonna dob him in #Corrie.” @Sukavi2011 tweeted: “Lets hope Max is doing same as Spider and Griff does get his comeuppance #Corrie.” Ryan Glendenning shared: “Spider leaving Max on his own I hope he knows what he is doing. #Corrie.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.