During their time down under, the couple have been spotted mixing with one of Prince Harry's closest friends, Nacho Figueras and his wife Delfina Blaquier. Harry's cousin Zara and Mike have, so far, remained tight-lipped about the Duke's claims and newly-released memoir. However, Zara and Mike were spotted with Harry's friend at a glamorous launch party that they were both attending in Australia earlier this week. The only daughter of Princess Anne was later spotted hugging Delfina at a polo match, as the two played against eachother in opposing teams. Nacho and his. wife were given a special mention in Harry's memoir, where Harry paid tribute to their "unwavering friendship and support". Other people mentioned by the Duke included Chris Martin, Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry, who let the couple stay at his US mansion when they first moved Stateside. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry told 'don't hold breath' over Coronation as 'betrayal backfires' Nacho, who has been friends with Harry for years, spoke out about Harry's relationship with Meghan in 2017. At the time, he told HELLO! US: "I can say I'm very happy for him. If he's happy, I'm happy. "He's a guy I like very much and he deserves the best." Throughout their friendship, Nacho has regularly played charity matches with the Duke of Sussex. READ MORE: Harry's 'hatchet job memoir' falls flat as queues fail to appear at major bookshops in UK A special moment in their friendship was when Nacho and his wife attended Harry's wedding to Meghan in 2018. As well as their husbands close bond, Delfina has also formed a friendship with Meghan Markle. Last June, Delfina shared a photo of herself and Meghan watching their husbands play polo. Alongside the photograph, Delfina wrote: "M, looking forward to many more of these times with you and H. Getting to spend time together over these two months was so special. I wish everyone knew you the way you are". Nacho's wife also shared that the Duchess, whom she called "sister", branded the two of them as "pwifes", which stands for polo wives. DON'T MISS Showing her support for the Duchess of Sussex, Delfina added that Meghan has her "respect". She added: "Listen to your heart, that will guide you well, because you have a big one and it's a beautiful one. I love you my darling". Prince Harry's bombshell memoir was released on Tuesday morning and has since been described as the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all-time.