Over the years, the ITV dating series Love Island has gained more popularity, meaning the contestants need extra protection and security. This year, as the new duty of care measures, are put into place, ITV has also hired armed security guards to watch over the contestants and crew. Maya Jama is set to make her debut as the new Love Island host after Laura Whitmore stepped down from the role a few months ago. This set of Love Islanders are yet to be revealed, but the £1.2 million villa has been revealed with an Olympic size swimming pool, 400m running track, state-of-the-art rugby field, and a zip line. It has been recently reported that ITV was highly concerned about the safety of the contestants and that they have upped their security measures. This will include a security team who will be patrolling the Ludus Magnus villa 24 hours a day using night vision, CCTV and alarm beams. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene The exterior of the villa is also protected by high-voltage electric gates, which will be fully manned by trained guards posted on all the perimeters inside the property, according to The Sun. A source told the publication: "The aim is to make Ludus as secure as possible, without terrifying the contestants. "We want them to feel relaxed and feel comfortable during the show. The beauty of Ludus as a choice is that it is a long way from the main road, so for anyone to reach the villa they would either be spotted or triggered alarms and be intercepted." The insider continued and said that there is also going to be hotline access to the local police station and private armed response companies if there was a threat detected. "The security of the contestants and crew is of utmost concern and must come first. Thankfully the one thing security companies know out here is how to keep people very safe." It was also reported that production coming in and out of the villa will also have armed escorts and will be provided security briefings on what dangers to look out for. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for a comment. The heightened security measures come as ITV implements new and more thorough duty of care measures. In past years, the contestants have handed over their social media pages to their family and friends to take over whilst they were inside the villa. DON'T MISS...King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves' [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [WATCH] However, this year they will be told to pause their social media accounts for the duration of their time on the show. It comes in a bid to shield the contestants and their families from the dangers of social media and the trolling that past Islanders have received. The care protocols continue to be evaluated and reviewed ahead of each series, evolving in line with the popularity of the series and the increasing level of attention around the Islanders. Aftercare for the Islands will include training in social media, eight therapy sessions, proactive contact 14 months after the show had ended and secure management to represent them for any further public appearances. The further measures come after the show has been under scrutiny for many years, especially after the deaths of Sophie Gradon, Mike Thalassitis and Caroline Flack. Over some of the years, viewers have aired their concerns when it comes to specific pairings in the villa and controlling behaviours from either party. Maya Jama was announced as the new host for the latest series back in October after her predecessor Laura Whitmore stood down from her post. Love Island returns January 2023 on ITV2 and ITVX.