Coco Gauff has joked that her dad could once again be 'embarrassed' on TikTok following her impressive win over Emma Raducanu at the Australian Open. Gauff was handed a difficult second-round test despite being the No 7 seed with Raducanu looking to upset the odds.  The British tennis star came into the tournament battling an injury she suffered earlier this month, but looked in good form in her opening match. The second-round tie drew plenty of attention on Rod Laver Arena too with the match being a sell-out. Both players struggled to find their best form in the opening set with three consecutive breaks of serve. But Gauff ended up coming out on top to take an early lead and looked on course for an easy victory as Raducanu began to suffer from an apparent abdomen issue. The match appeared to turn in Raducanu's favour a few games later though as Gauff began to struggle with her forehand. The 2021 US Open champion failed to take advantage of her opportunity though with the set going to a tiebreak. Gauff managed to recompose herself and ultimately take down her opponent to progress to the next round with a big win. Asked afterwards what she plans to do tomorrow in preparation for her third-round match, Gauff joked that she'll likely post a video of her parents on TikTok again after her last one gained over a million views. "I don't know what the schedule looks like tomorrow so probably doubles," she said. "But if not, playing cards with my parents or embarrassing them on TikTok. "I posted a video of them online and it got like a million views and basically everyone was hating on my dad in the comments so I kind of felt bad, at the same time parents really do anything for their kids so I'm glad my dad took one for the team."  The 18-year-old is a regular poster on TikTok and has over 200,000 followers on her account. Gauff has recently been posting a number of videos where she's been doing a dance and getting both her parents to copy her moves before asking her followers to decide who did it better out of her mum and dad. The posts have proven to be a big hit on social media, and the one Gauff mentioned in her on-court interview has already been watched over 1.1 million times. Gauff also paid credit to Raducanu after the match, praising the Brit for performing at such a high level despite her recent injury troubles. "At the Grand Slam, you have to win seven matches and when you go into a tournament you have to expect to play the best," she said. "Obviously you hope it's not in the second round but that's what can you do, but I think both of us handled the pressure really well and kudos to Emma. "I know she had a tough week in Auckland so really good her to play this level after such a scary moment."