Claire Foy, 38, became the victim of a stalking campaign last year by an American man, Jason Penrose, who sent her extremely graphic emails. In a new update, the stalker has been spared jail despite having received a stalking protection order (SPO) over his continued attempts to contact the Crown actress. Back in November, Jason had pleaded guilty in November to stalking the Queen Elizabeth II actress between August 2021 and February 2022. Claire found the actions of her stalker to be "deeply frightening", the court has previously heard. Jason was handed a suspended sentence at the Old Bailey on Friday and has agreed to be repatriated to the US. He was sentenced to 22 months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. Claire claimed that emails had an “extreme effect” on both her life and “peace of mind”. Within the emails, Jason would write about Claire being raped and how he wanted her to be his girlfriend. Attending trial at Thames Magistrates' Court, Jason also pleaded guilty to two breaches of a stalking protection order. This came after Jason allegedly showed up to Claire’s home, forcing the actress to not only contact the police but her sister, ex-boyfriend and agent. In a letter to the court, Claire said: “His relentless attempts to contact me are so traumatic. “Every time I think this is sorted it is not. “I feel like there is nothing that would stop him being able to contact me, he has affected every aspect of my life." Jason’s actions even involved Claire’s daughter. After he showed up at the family home, he allegedly told the child: “It's Jason, I'm outside". DON'T MISSPrince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] The relentless contact attempts by Jason led Claire to ask friends not to tag her in social media posts over concerns her stalker would be able to locate her. It also left the actress "in genuine fear for her safety and terrified and helpless in her own home". Prosecutor Varinder Hayre, said last year: "Ms Foy was terrified as she did not know what his intention was. “She was in fear for her and her daughter’s lives. She was frightened knowing he was somewhere." Claire shot to fame after portraying Queen Elizabeth II in the first two series of Netflix’s The Crown. Throughout her career as an actress she has won a Golden Globe, two Primetime Emmy Awards and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. Claire also received praise for portraying queen Anne Boleyn in the BBC miniseries Wolf Hall (2015), receiving a British Academy Television Award for Best Actress nomination. Claire married actor Stephen Campbell Moore in 2014 and the pair went on to have a daughter together before announcing their separation in February 2018.