Harry claimed Camilla, Queen Consort, turned his bedroom into a dressing room without his permission. This is just one declaration made by the Prince in his new memoir, which shines a light on his and his wife, Meghan’s, relationship with the Royal Family. It seemed Prince Harry wrote a lot about his childhood and adolescence in his upcoming book, Spare, which will be published in the UK on Tuesday, January 10. In one part, he recalled the time when Camilla converted his bedroom at Clarence House into her own personal dressing room as soon as he moved out. Clarence House is still Charles and Camilla’s home today, while Harry lived in the residence from 2003 until March 2012. The property, which is located near St James’ Palace, has been the home of many royals over the years – it was the first home of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh, who lived there following their marriage until just after the birth of Princess Anne, in 1950. Speaking of Camilla transforming his bedroom into her dressing room, Harry wrote in Spare: “I tried not to care. But especially the first time I saw it, I cared.” But this isn’t the first time an incident like this has been made public. In The Palace Papers Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil by Tina Brown, the author wrote that Camilla converted Harry’s bedroom into a dressing room – but his bedroom in Highgrove House, not Clarence House. Highgrove House is a completely different property, situated in Gloucestershire and described as the King’s country home.  It is not surprising that Camilla would want space for a dressing room as she seems to own many clothes. King Charles, too, is known for his sartorial choices and could well do with a dressing room. In the documentary Serving the Royals: Inside the Firm, Princess Diana’s royal butler Paul Burrell discussed Charles’ dressing habits. He said: “His pyjamas are pressed every morning, his shoelaces are pressed flat with an iron.” As aforementioned, Clarence House and Highrove House are very different properties, with Clarence House known for its simplicity and for being less grand than other royal properties. READ MORE: Chinese New Year love horoscope: Will YOU find your soulmate? While the royal interiors are more lavish now than in the modest 1940s, when Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip lived in the house, Charles was keen to keep as much tradition as possible, choosing to restore rather than overhaul the rooms. Royal fans have seen glimpses inside Clarence House thanks to the property’s Instagram and Twitter pages, both of which became defunct following the Queen’s death. Photos of one of the property’s luxurious rooms, the Garden Room, were shared recently on Twitter. They depicted a large space with patterned chairs and a sofa, a grand fireplace with a gold-framed mirror above it, and huge windows adorned with thick, red curtains. Many of the rooms feature fireplaces, such as the dining room, which has a long oak table at the centre of the room and painted portraits on the wall. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea As for Highgrove House, located near Tetbury in Gloucestershire, the property boasts four reception rooms and nine main bedrooms. The house is Grade-II listed, and surrounded by impressive gardens which Charles is known to be very proud of. Inside, it is filled with relaxed sofas adorned with cushions, gold-framed paintings, and large windows with potted plants decorating the window sills. Highgrove is often open to visitors, and guests can take a guided tour through the organic gardens at the residence.