Manchester United have placed Ajax forward Mohammed Kudus on a list of six transfer targets as they look to land a new striker, according to reports. The Red Devils are hunting a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, who was cut loose back in November. And Kudus is now the latest name in the frame to potentially move to Old Trafford this winter. Manchester United had been hoping Ronaldo would hang around until the end of the season, having stayed put despite wanting to leave back in the summer. But they had no choice but to terminate his contract after he criticised the club in a brutal and controversial interview with Piers Morgan. According to 90min, Kudus has now attracted interest from United as they look to bring in a replacement this month. Erik ten Hag knows the forward well, having previously managed the 22-year-old at Ajax. And despite raiding his old side for Lisandro Martinez and Antony earlier in the season, it appears the Dutchman is now eyeing another raid. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Kudus is not the only player on United’s radar, however, as they look to strengthen their attack amid their desire to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Memphis Depay has also been tipped to return to the club, having previously struggled upon arriving from PSV Eindhoven in 2015. Big things were expected of the Netherlands international when Louis van Gaal beat Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain to secure his signature. Yet Depay didn’t live up to expectations and was cut loose by Jose Mourinho, who flogged the forward to Lyon six years ago. Having rebuilt his career in the time since, however, United are now interested in the forward. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Cameroon pair Vincent Aboubakar and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting are also mentioned as potential targets, with the pair playing for Al-Nassr and Bayern Munich respectively. United have eyed Olivier Giroud, who has previously played in England with both Chelsea and Arsenal. However, it’s far more likely he’ll stay at AC Milan and extend his contract with the Serie A giants - particularly after his fine World Cup campaign. And United’s sixth striker target is Atletico Madrid hitman Joao Felix, who is free to leave the La Liga titans on loan this month. Arsenal and Chelsea are also keen on the 23-year-old, while Atletico want a loan fee in the region of £18million to let the striker go. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently about United potentially adding to their squad, meanwhile, Ten Hag insisted it wasn’t an easy decision for the club to make. "It’s always difficult. Strikers are expensive, especially in the winter," said the Red Devils boss. "But you have to set the limits high. We’re looking for it. “We need to be creative and do everything we have in our power to get the right players in, who are fitting in the balance. "It’s about timing and availability. It’s about so many circumstances playing a role in that. "I think we have a squad, we have players who are matching our criteria. But all the games are coming. It’s a tough competition, in all the leagues. “We want to keep playing in all the leagues and in the cups as well. So we need players and we need numbers to cover. "We need good players, not just the numbers. We need quality players to cover. And also we need competition and we need to know also that we can make different choices. “So we are looking for the right player for our squad, but it has to match our sporting criteria, definitely, but also some financial criteria."