On Saturday, Davina unveiled a dramatic new hairstyle as she returned to The Masked Singer UK - and it completely divided fans. The 55-year-old presenter debuted a blunt cut fringe on the celebrity judging panel alongside Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross and Mo Gilligan. Yesterday, Lorraine discussed the divisive hairstyle on her ITV show, prompting a viewer to address the topic of debate on Twitter. @lewniverse typed: “@ThisisDavina’s fringe being the topic of discussion on Lorraine. “First of all, she looked stunning, second... I think it’s time we stopped commenting on a woman’s choice to do whatever the f**k she wants.” Davina clearly elated with this response, retweeted it and typed: “Yay!”. READ MORE: Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance Replacing her signature long bob and middle parting with a dramatic new fringe, Davina's look was the talk of The Masked Singer viewers, who had tuned in to see this year's disguised contestants. Some fans said she looked like she'd cut her fringe "with a knife and fork" while others compared her look to Courteney Cox's appearance in 1997 horror Scream 2, and Strictly host Claudia Winkleman. “Davina McCall may be a queen, but not even she can get away with cutting in a fringe with a knife and fork…" one viewer tweeted. “Davina giving Scream 2 vibes," another added. A third wrote: "Why does Davina McCall look like a Claudia Winkleman version of the emoji." But others were "sickened" by the negative comments about Davina's appearance and rushed to defend her. "I'm absolutely sickened by the stupid comments people have made this evening about Davina's appearance," one fan wrote. "She is absolutely stunning. Extremely fit and healthy and a lovely person. Keep your nasty, pointless comments to yourselves!" DONT MISS:Sophie Ellis-Bextor says famous parents 'really put her off' TV career (PHOTOS)Stacey Solomon may have hinted at baby's gender as she unveils scan (NEWS)Lewis Hamilton left ‘devastated’ by death of ‘dear friend’ Ken Block (LATEST) Another wrote: "Love scrolling through Twitter seeing everyone’s guesses - but staggered tonight to see so many negative comments about Davina’s appearance - has everyone forgotten #bekind." A third added: "Is Davina McCall ageing backwards?" Taking to Instagram, her hairstylist and boyfriend Michael Douglas revealed how he chopped the hair - which is actually a wig - to achieve the perfect blunt fringe. "Ep 1 of @maskedsingeruk @itv with @davinamccall and a wig from @pakcosmetics simple to do this one. "The wig is about £120 it’s real hair so we can use it again and restyle it for future jobs," explained the stylist. Meanwhile, on the show, six stars competed to avoid being the first celebrity to be eliminated from the programme. The first six stars to perform were Knitting, Otter, the show's first duo Cat and Mouse, Phoenix, Jellyfish and Ghost.