Season 12 of Vera is finally premiering this evening (January 29) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm. The previous weeks have seen episodes from season 11 aired after filming was affected by the coronavirus pandemic. The opening instalment of season 12 is titled Against the Tide and sees detective Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her team heading to a remote lighthouse after a body is found lashed to a sailboat. The victim was a local council enforcement officer as well as being an experienced amateur sailor. Despite having a family and strong friendships as well as being well-respected at work, the team is left scratching their heads over the motive and indeed the perpetrator. Eventually, Vera will stumble across some evidence to suggest all was not well and the team put together his final days and uncover some disturbing things. Here’s a look at the guest cast appeared in Against the Tide and where you might have seen them before. READ MORE: Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink Glynn Allen - Paul Bown Actor Paul Bown stars as Glynn Allen and has had roles in Coronation Street playing Richard Lucas as well as roles in Belgravia, The Damned United, Underworld as well as small parts in The Walk-In, Death in Paradise and Bancroft. Belinda Rayford - Samantha Spiro While Samantha Spiro plays the role of Belinda Rayford with the actress no stranger to viewers thanks to her roles in Game of Thrones, Sex Education, Me Before You and Semi-Detached. Cal Wallace - Robert Wilfort Cal Wallace is portrayed by star Robert Wilfort, who has appeared in Grimsby, The Huntsman: Winter’s War, Bridgerton and Sex Education. Julia Channing - Amanda Horlock Amanda Horlock is Julia Channing in Vera after starring in Welsh drama Dal Y Mellt, Casualty, The Larkins and EastEnders. Nitesh Aya - Dharmesh Patel Dharmesh Patel stars as Nitesh Aya and the rising star has had parts in The Inside Man 2, Common People, Here and Now as well as productions of Titus Andronicus, Antony and Cleopatra and Julia Caesar with the Royal Shakespeare Company. Oonagh Wallace - Patricia Potter Patricia Potter will be starring as Oonagh Wallace following on from playing Diane Lloyd in Holby City and Jane Fairweather in Doctors with other credits including Shakespeare in Love and Red Lights. Leonie Becker - Ade Ajibade Ade Ajibade portrays Leonie Becker and counts credits in Moving On, Anthony, Doctors and Interview of Sorrow. Lyle Channing - Flynn Allen Lyle Channing is played by Flynn Allen after parts in Entebbe, The Honeymoon, The Last Boy and will be appearing in Black Dog, Down Is Up and Never Le Me Go. Alison Ayad - Jasmine Kerr Jasmine Kerr stars as Alison Ayad following on parts in Mimi’s World, Enslaved, Britannia High and 42nd Street - The Musical. Jason Hewley - Theo Solomon Theo Solomon takes on the part of Jason Hewley and in the past has appeared in Enterprise, Temple and Woyzeck. Other cast members include Harvey Smith as Frank Channing, Rachel Morris as Carmen Harris and Eilis Konstantina as Amy Watson. The regular cast members include Kenny Doughty as DS Aiden Healy, Jon Morrison as DC Kenny Lockhart, DC Jacqueline Williams as Ibinabo Jack, Riley Jones as DC Mark Edwards and Paul Kaye as Dr Malcolm Donahue. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [INSIGHT]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [UPDATE] This week will also see the departure of actor Kaye with his character venturing to pastures new. Blethyn said: “The relationship between Vera and Malcolm has been interesting to play. “But his replacement is good news. A pathologist called Dr Paula Bennett played by Sarah Kameela Impey. “When they first meet Vera isn’t quite sure what to make of her and thinks she’s a bit too clever for her own good. But she is clever in a good sense.” Vera airs on ITV1 and ITV tonight at 8pm