His humorous caricatures of round, stubborn ponies controlled by determined, helmet-clad little girls remain instantly recognisable nearly two decades after his death. With wit and artistic verve, Norman Thelwell poked fun at pony-struck children and country folk from all social backgrounds. Now, on the centenary of his birth, the National Trust is mounting a major retrospective of his work, including sketches, letters, adverts and magazine covers, much never seen and plenty of it more relevant today than ever, according to the artist’s son, David.“Dad’s cartoons are timeless tales,” says David, 72. “Things change, but many situations remain the same and people still seem to enjoy looking at them. Being a cartoonist, Dad was always looking at what was in the news. But he also made serious paintings.” With his love of the countryside, ‘thelwell’ – whose distinctive signature was always written in lower case on his comic work, much of it featuring naughty ponies getting their own back on their young riders – was concerned with the environment as early as the 1950s. “It was part of what was happening at that time,” says David, a retired graphic artist. “His skill was suggesting ideas and he used to spend a whole day, usually a Monday, sending them off. Any that got a tick [from an editor], he would do a finished copy. He liked deadlines. As he said, when you’ve done a cartoon you’re out of work [until the next commission]. “A cartoonist doesn’t necessarily have to be a great artist, so long as they can think of ideas to make people laugh, but he was always very careful with his drawings. “He always thought you should give your monies-worth, and he spent a lot of time on his pictures.” Thelwell, who died in 2004 at the age of 80, penned his first cartoon for the satirical magazine Punch, renowned for publishing the world’s best comic writers and poets, in 1952. It was an instant success. The 1952 drawing shows a blacksmith asking, “Ow do they feel then?” as a girl tries out the shoes he has just fitted to her pony. It was the first of 1,500 of his cartoons published in the magazine and the start of a career in books, newspapers and magazines that lasted until 1976. His naughty ponies featured in numerous books, as well as in his Sunday Express ‘Penelope and Kipper’ strips from 1962 to 1971. They feature a purposeful young rider – named after Thelwell’s own daughter – and her mischievous pony getting up to all sorts of mischief. And the books, and associated merchandise, still sell in droves. He also drew for the Daily Express. David curates his father’s work and says, with characteristic understatement: “I can put all sorts of his cartoons on Facebook, but if it’s a pony one everything perks up a bit.” In Thelwell’s cartoons, the animals invariably have the upper-hand and his portraits reveal human foibles in an affectionate way. “He was not there to knock anyone down, but to comment on what was going on,” says David. “He worked from a studio at home and although he was happy for us to go and talk to him, he didn’t like to be disturbed, which is not surprising. To us, it was a normal life. We were lucky in a way that both our parents were home; they were always there to support us.” Thelwell claimed to have no horse sense and to have ridden only once in his life. Horses, he declared, were “great windy things that’ll grab your coat off your back as soon as look at you”. David reveals that because his sister Penelope, now 69, had a horse for a few years everyone expected her to be a marvel in the saddle. She wasn’t. “She fell off a few times and gave up. To be honest, although she was proud of him, I think she was glad when she got married and could change her surname,” he says. “Dad used the name Penelope for the cartoon because he liked it and also it sounds slightly upper-crust – one thing he was often doing was pulling the leg of the well-to-do.” In fact, it was his neighbours’ daughters who were the real inspiration for the cartoon strip. While working as an art teacher in Wolverhampton, the family lived in the nearby village of Codsall. Thelwell’s home studio overlooked a field where two hairy, bad-tempered ponies named Thunder and Lightning were kept. “They were owned by two little girls about three feet high who could have done with losing a few pounds themselves,” Thelwell recalled in his 1986 autobiography, Wrestling with a Pencil. “They would arrive to collect their mounts in yellow pullovers, tiny jodhpurs and velvet safety helmets. “Thunder and Lightning would pointedly ignore them, but as the children got near, the ponies would swing round and… give a few lightning kicks which the children would sidestep calmly, and they had the head-collars on those animals before they knew what was happening. I was astonished at how meekly they were led away; but they were planning vengeance – you could tell by their eyes.” One day in 1953 he drew the scene and sent it off to Punch – it was an instant success. He explored the theme further and found it struck a chord with readers. His first book, Angels on Horseback, was published in 1957 and became an instant and enduring hit. Fans wrote in from as far afield as South Africa and Argentina to share amusing observations from horse shows and tell him about their own ponies in breathless, detailed terms. But, says David, if his father tired of the focus on this one aspect of his varied output, he didn’t show it. “He was always grateful for the financial independence afforded by his pony pictures. “Before he became a cartoonist, he used to draw anything to make a living. So many people were better than him, so he had to find something. There were not many cartoonists – it was a smaller field – and he was encouraged by my mother, Rhona, who also had a sense of humour.” The couple had met while taking evening classes at Nottingham Art School, before Thelwell’s went to Liverpool College of Art where he took a degree. “He often asked mum what she thought; she helped him a lot.” From early adulthood, Thelwell had travelled with a sketchbook, even when on active service during the Second World War where he served with the East Yorkshire Regiment having grown up in Birkenhead, a ship-building town on the Mersey. “There wasn’t much chance of earning a living as an artist there, but he wasn’t going to be swayed by that,” says David. “When he was at school he was asked to draw a dog kennel by his art teacher. He drew it with a dog in it, and the teacher came along and ripped it up, saying ‘I asked you to draw a kennel, not a dog’. But he couldn’t hold back on his ideas.” The new exhibition features more than 150 works, many of them never shown before, including watercolours of landscapes and landmarks in Hampshire where Thelwell lived. There are also illustrations from student days, sketchbooks, diaries and letters displayed for the first time, alongside his paintbrushes, easel and the desk he drew at for many years.