Kate, Princess of Wales is holding a meeting at Windsor Castle today with a group of eight experts from across academia, science and the early years sector. The experts have who have been appointed to offer strategic advice and provide oversight of the work of her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. For the engagement, Kate wore a dark suit and a white blouse bodysuit underneath. A royal fashion blogger believes Kate is wearing Alexander McQueen Leaf Tuxedo Jacket in Black, Roland Mouret Axon Wide-leg Trousers in black, and a Holland Cooper Cupro Shirt Bodysuit. All these items are not new, they are rewears from Kate’s wardrobe. The £1240 jacket features a ontrast cobalt blue satin lining features an exaggerated silk lapel, padded shoulders and a single button fastening, this contemporary classic makes an elegant coverup. The jacket is sold out. The Princess wore the jacket in October 2020 when annoucing the winner of the annual Wildlife Photographer of the Year award. She rewore it in Feburary 2021 when Kensington Palace shared a video of Prince William and Kate speaking with Ulster University nursing student Abigail over Zoom about her experiences of working on the front line of the Covid-19 response in Northern Ireland. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's baby is due 'this summer' - will likely 'get along' Kate’s trousers are made from a stretch-blend viscose mix fabric that creates a comfortable, non-restrictive, flattering fit. The gold exposed side zip adds to the trouser’s elegant silhouette.The trousers feature mock front pockets, plus smart front and back pressed creases. Roland Mouret is a brand Kate has been wearing regularly. The royal first wore the trousers during a visit to Westminster Abbey in December 2021 to decorate the Christmas tree. She more recently wore then with her blue Chanel jacket at a celebration for Coach Core’s 10th anniversary. The body suit is the Cupro Shirt Bodysuit in white and is priced at £149 direct from Holland Cooper. The official website description for the bodysuit shirt reads: “Our stunning lightweight shirt bodysuit was designed with a day to night concept in mind. DON'T MISS...Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE]The ‘most flattering’ shades of blonde hair for every skin tone [COMMENT] “Thanks to our nylon elastane thong base, made with our superior knitting technique this ensures our bodies have a flawlessly smooth fit every time. “This piece creates the impression of a seamlessly tucked-in blouse. With an inverted dart back pleat, this well designed shape creates for a flattering silhouette.” Kate first wore the bodysuit when she met navy sailors at Windsor Castle last year, and twice in 2021 when appearing on Zoom calls from Kensington Palace. READ MORE: Subtle change Queen Camilla made to £345 hat which fans ‘really love’