Arsenal could be forced to explore alternative targets if Shakhtar Donetsk continue to play games in negotiations for Mykhaylo Mudryk with Chelsea now at the table. The Ukrainian winger remains Arsenal's top January target but after little movement following two opening bids, the Gunners are now beginning to lose patience, particularly after the 0-0 draw with Newcastle in the Premier League. Express Sport analyses four hypothetical alternatives that could make sense for Mikel Arteta and Edu... Marcus Thuram Marcus Thuram is out of contract at the end of the season with Borussia Monchengladbach and he could prove to be the perfect cut-price alternative for Arsenal. It's understood he could be available for as cheap as £8.5million this month, meaning Arsenal could effectively go back in for Mudryk at the end of the season should they wish. Thuram was bright at the World Cup with France and put his name firmly in the shop window during the final as he helped Les Bleus wrestle their way back into the game. At 25, he also fits Arsenal's transfer model as the club continue to target players under the age of 25. He would also enhance the Gunners' French connection, an affiliation that is woven into the fabric of Arsenal since the days of Arsene Wenger. Ferran Torres There have been murmurs that Arsenal could be in the hunt for Torres with Barcelona potentially in a position where a sale could be beneficial. Torres showed glimpses of huge promise during his short spell with Manchester City before moving to Barcelona but once again, he has failed to elevate his game to the next level, thus far. The Spaniard is a proper Arteta player, he is technical, quick, can score goals and is importantly versatile - something Arsenal currently require. He could prove to be a really sensible piece of business if Arsenal were somehow able to pull it off. Torres would be expected to cost cheaper than Mudryk for sure but he still might not come cheap. Wilfried Zaha Zaha looks certain to leave Crystal Palace on a free transfer at the end of the season, meaning a respectable bid this month could entice the Eagles into a sale. Arsenal came close to signing Zaha back in 2019 before the board opted to land Nicolas Pepe from Lille instead, despite the wishes of Unai Emery. Now Zaha is looking to test himself at the highest level after purposely running down his Palace contract in a bid to force through a move. Ideally, he would like to play Champions League football and that could be on offer next season in north London if Arsenal maintain their form. Zaha would certainly strengthen Arteta's options but he is unlikely to be a guaranteed starter ahead of Gabriel Martinelli, something that could influence the player's next move. Leandro Trossard Trossard's deal is technically up at the end of the season but Brighton do have the option to extend by an additional 12 months, something they are expected to do very soon. The move will protect Trossard's value but Brighton will be mindful that they are yet to reach an agreement with the player over an extension as he continues to talk up a potential exit. The Belgian is a forward capable of scoring regular goals and that could be very useful for Arsenal from the bench, where there is currently a drop-off in quality. For now, Trossard seems to have lost his place in the Brighton side to Kaoru Mitoma, who is another winger that could be worth looking at from an Arsenal perspective.