Jake Paul has hinted that Tommy Fury may not show up to their upcoming boxing bout due to the fact his girlfriend Molly Mae Hague is expecting the couple's first child. Paul sent out a cryptic tweet on Wednesday which has had fans worried on if their upcoming bout will even take place. Fury has pulled out twice already, with this likely being the last chance of a bout ever coming to fruition. Fury first pulled out of a 2021 bout after reportedly struggling with a chest infection and cracked ribs, and was then forced to pull out of a second fight in 2022 after not being able to secure an ESTA to travel to the United States. Paul has been furious with Fury, indicating that he would not deal with him again, but earlier this month Ariel Helwani reported that a deal was done for the two to fight in Saudi Arabia on February 25, however no official details have been given. But now, fans think that the fight will be scrapped yet again after Paul's recent cryptic comments. Posting on Twitter, he wrote: "Hold your horses. The man’s having a baby." A number of replies all say the same, with many commenting: "Did Tommy pull out again?". Fury, half-brother of heavyweight champion Tyson, and Youtuber-turned-prizefighter Paul have been locked in talks once again ahead of the showdown, with both seemingly wanting to make the fight happen. In November, the two came head-to-head for just the second time when they met in Dubai after the Brit’s exhibition encounter against Rolly Lambert on the Deji vs Floyd Maywether undercard. Paul was ringside at the Coca-Cola Arena and derided Fury’s performance whilst on commentary, which led to a heated altercation with his father John. Both fighters remain undefeated, and would likely prove the toughest test of each other's careers, with Paul possessing strong punching power whilst Fury being the more polished boxer. Paul is also concentrating on MMA, after signing with PFL to become part-owner and agreeing to fight in the octagon, calling out Nate Diaz.