All of England is just one level away from a national emergency as the UK sees its first snowfall of 2023. A cold plunge has seen temperatures drop for many since yesterday, and there is now a 90 percent chance of it remaining this way for the rest of the week. The Met Office, this morning, has now upgraded the country from Level 2, which urged health and social services to prepare for icy conditions to Level 3 - which means this Arctic blast could have detrimental effects on vulnerable people. The alert reads: "There is a 90 percent probability of severe cold weather and icy conditions between 9am on Monday, January 16 and 9am on Friday, January 20 in parts of England. "This weather could increase the health risks to vulnerable patients and disrupt the delivery of services. Please refer to the national Cold Weather Plan and your Trust's emergency plan for appropriate preventive action." The prolonged estimate of snow throughout this week has triggered the alert, along with the probability of colder-than-usual temperatures. The Met Office added: "Cold air has spread south across much of the country overnight Sunday into Monday. "These conditions persisting through the week across most areas, bringing widespread frost and with daytime temperatures struggling to recover above freezing. Brisk winds, along with spells of wintry showers are also possible, with icy conditions potentially developing.  "These mostly likely where the brisk north to northwesterly winds bring coastal showers inland. There is lower confidence in the longevity of the cold conditions across the southwest, with temperatures potentially recovering later in the week. "Confidence is also low with the return of any milder conditions from the west into the weekend. This warning will be updated later this week as confidence increases in these details." As part of the guidance, people are asked to look out for friends and family who may be vulnerable to the cold - and ensure they have warm food and drink. Also, amid an energy crisis, a renewed focus has been put on making sure they can "adequately heat their homes." The advice adds: "Try to maintain indoor temperatures to at least 18C, particularly if you are not mobile, have a long-term illness or are 65 or over. "Avoid exposing yourself to cold or icy outdoor conditions if you are at a higher risk of cold-related illness or falls." READ MORE: Blow to UK bill-payers as boss says energy prices will remain high The cold weather health watch system operates in England from the November 1 to March 31 every year and is an association between the UK Health Security Agency and the Met Office. When thresholds are reached outside of this period, an extraordinary heat-health alert will be issued and "stakeholders are advised to take the usual public health actions." While England has upgraded from a yellow level 2 alert to level 3 in the space of three days, there is a big gap between the amber alert and the issuing of a red alert. This most severe alert is what is dubbed a national emergency. The Met Office defined its triggers as: "Being reached when a period of cold weather is so severe and/or prolonged that its effects extend outside the health and social care system.    "A level 4 warning would be issued on advice from, or in collaboration with, our Government partners. At this level, the health effects may occur among the fit and healthy, and not just in high-risk groups." Experts at the Met Office currently predict the worst of the cold weather will be over with before this weekend, but this may be subject to change. In its long-range forecast from this Friday to the end of the month it says: "On Friday, further outbreaks of rain, although this weakening as it pushes east, will bring a chance of some snow across central and northern areas, mainly high ground. "Further west, brighter conditions are likely, although with the occasional shower pushing into some coastal areas. Over the weekend, and indeed the rest of the period, unsettled conditions are likely to persist. "The most unsettled conditions are expected in the north and west with a mixture of strong winds and spells of rain or showers at times. Southern and eastern areas will likely remain drier and more settled, although there may be the occasional spell of rain. Temperatures are expected to be mild in northern and western areas, but close to average or perhaps cold in more southern and eastern areas."  