When I became Chairman of the Bow Group a few years later, I made former Prime Minister Sir John Major President of the organisation, and the Bow Group bracketed a great many who were pro EU like Major, though also Brexiteer architects like Sir John Redwood. Remainers were my friends and colleagues and whilst Britain's relationship with the EU was sometimes an area of disagreement, it was polite disagreement that didn't overshadow much else. As we moved forward into the 2010s however, the referendum and Brexit question loomed larger, and polite disagreements had to become impolite. At the universities and institutions, I attended we were being taught the nation state was a thing of past and supra-national or global bodies were the future, as the world inevitably merged into one borderless homogeneity. Despite my background among the strongest adherents of the EU and globalism, this final destination was never compatible with my deeper conservatism and patriotism for Britain as an independent nation, nor a future I felt the public knew they were being ushered toward. Likewise the Bow Group is the oldest conservative think-tank in the world. Conservatism as the organisation's raison d'etre is an ideology entirely incompatible with this globalist design. In 2013 the Bow Group therefore made the controversial decision to back Brexit. It was unquestionably the right moral and ideological decision. It was also very clearly one which would cause great internal strife, and sever us from an establishment which had all the money and power. We knew it would mean trouble ahead, as moral decisions almost always do. Most think-tanks that have now joined the Brexit cause hedged their bets between Brexit and remain in the run-up to the referendum. The Bow Group was one of the only think-tanks to campaign for Brexit with both Leave.EU and Vote Leave. For many years Brexit became THE focus of our organisation, and has continued to be a major focus since. We continue to feel the tremors from it, and if you're only looking at the financial bottom line you may well conclude that we should have taken the easy option to shelve our morals, embrace the status quo and get on the establishment gravy train. The same is true for the country as a whole, and I think for many who made the decision to vote Brexit. Brexit wasn't merely an economic decision, anymore than deciding to become a democracy, or pursuing national independence is. Ultimately it comes down to this - do you want Britain as a unique, sovereign and democratic nation to be preserved, or do you want a future of borderless remote supranational government? The British public were told in 1975 that they were merely entering a free trade agreement with neighbouring countries. They were not told they were voting to become a province of a superstate, they were not told it would herald the beginning of mass immigration to the UK radically changing our communities, they were not told laws governing how they lived their lives would be handed down by an unelected elite over the water. Without question had they been told that, Britain never would have voted to be part of the European project from the outset. And, equally, if that project was still just the free trading agreement we were sold, we never would have left. It is now far clearer than it was at the time that Brexit represented an undeniable dividing line between globalists and patriots, between liberals and conservatives, and one that extended to all questions - not just Brexit. As much as it caused ructions for us in the Bow Group in 2013, it inevitably caused an earthquake across British politics and the nation in 2016 which has rumbled on since. Going into the referendum Parliament was 70 percent remain, government was 70 percent remain, and the wider establishment was made up of those who had grown rich and powerful under the EU status quo. It created a situation where the public wanted to take one direction, but their elected representatives, and most of the powers that be, wanted to take another. It should therefore be no surprise that the six years since the Brexit vote have been spent by those representatives chaoticaly attempting to reverse it, and then attempting to dilute it and so ultimately declare it a failure. Remain lost the referendum largely because they thought it was an economic debate, and it's one they are still feverishly having daily across our airwaves. You can have the economic arguments about Brexit, and there is no question that you can look at the EU and see all of the same economic issues as we have in Britain, but it misses the big picture of what this debate is really about. Those that declare Brexit a failure citing that month's trade figures, or a day when there was a big queue of lorries at Dover, either wilfully or ignorantly fail to see the big picture. Anyone claiming Brexit has failed on this basis fails still to understand what it is about. Once you understand what the EU was and is - a project to create a borderless liberal superstate, for richer or poorer, three years after our departure the question of whether Brexit was right or wrong comes down to whether that is the future you want or not. Whilst with the right leadership Britain can do far better out of the EU economically than it did in it, knowing the EU as I do, on this anniversary and every other I will always be proud that we took the road less travelled by and bolted towards dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.