Coco Gauff has come clean on an unusual training regime that saw her throw punches with Mike Tyson before a forthcoming Australian Open date with Emma Raducanu. The pair are due to battle it out on Wednesday morning in Melbourne, with a place in the third round at stake. Raducanu and Gauff both breezed through their respective first-round matches, with the Brit dispatching Tamara Korpatsch in straight sets and Gauff following suit with a one-sided victory over Katerina Siniakova. The duo, both expected to play significant roles in the future of tennis, have never met on court before but Gauff goes into the match-up sporting the tag of seventh seed for the tournament, making her the favourite. The 18-year-old American is yet to follow Raducanu's lead and win a Grand Slam, however, and she has discussed one of her more curious training methods to put her on that path. "To help me follow in Emma's footsteps and win a Slam, I added a new activity into my pre-season training - boxing," Gauff wrote for BBC Sport. "My fitness trainer wanted me to box to help improve balance and so I went down to a gym near where I live in Florida. DON'T MISS: Andy Murray makes dig over Matteo Berrettini's 'bad' match point after Australian Open win  "I'm not a fighter - even though I have trained in the past with Mike Tyson. If someone came up and punched me I would be out first punch! The pre-season training was in a proper gym where there were professional fighters training and whenever they would come to watch I was talking really loud - like, 'yeah my tennis tournament' - so they knew I wasn't a fighter. "I didn't want them to think this girl is trash and is going to get whooped! I wanted them to know this is not what I do. Some of them knew who I was - and I was wearing my tennis gear to make the point - but I definitely wanted to make sure they knew I wasn't cut out for this. The boxing instructor is a fighter and he said I improved in the three weeks I did with him." Gauff reached a career-high ranking of fourth in the world last year and her Grand Slam performances have been strong, with a French Open final and a US Open quarter-final on her CV in the last 12 months. Comparatively, Raducanu has struggled since triumphing at Flushing Meadows in 2021 and she crashed out of last year's Australian Open at the second-round stage. "Some people might think seeing Emma win the US Open at such a young age may have made me jealous or envious. It didn't," Gauff continued. "It was inspiring more than anything else. I can relate to bursting onto the scene and dealing with the pressure that follows, but I don't think that was anywhere near to the level of attention Emma received. "With her being my age, I always try to reach out and when she picked up the ankle injury in Auckland I reached out to see how she was doing. I always try to look out for people when they're joining the tour because I know how different a life it is. Emma has a great head on her shoulders and I think she is doing great. "We've not really had the chance to talk about anything outside of tennis, what common interests we might have, or anything like that. Most of the time when I see her is at a tournament and we're both trying to go to practice, or coming from practice, or going to matches. It is difficult to really get into those conversations and I haven't really hung out with her off the court. Even though I talk to Emma a lot, I wouldn't say we are close friends." 