Knowing how to get stains out of duvets doesn't come naturally like other soft clothes. Thanks to their size, thickness, and texture, the cleaning approach for duvets differ from other types of bedding. It can often seem like it's near impossible to remove stains in your duvet. They are large and more stressful to clean, but by following the proper cleaning method, your duvets will be spotless. Bedding experts at Sleepseeker have shared some handy tips on how to identify the different types of duvet stains and carry out an “effective wash”. According to the pros, identifying a stain is the first step of learning how to get stains out of duvets. Identifying stains is about recognising their colour and understanding why they're there. Below are some of the common stains your duvet may have. Yellow stains It's normal for a duvet to turn yellow over time, especially if it's white or in a light shade. Duvets absorb whatever liquids come in contact with them. The experts said: “The yellow stains of duvets result from body liquids and sweat. Lotion and creams can also contribute to the yellowish colour. The most frustrating thing about yellow stains is how difficult it is to remove them. Even with bleach, it may be a challenging endeavour.” Brown stains Brown stains on duvets can result from the presence of lotions containing benzoyl peroxide or a low concentration of bleaches containing chlorine can cause darker duvets to get brown spots. Those areas become lighter or bleached. READ MORE: ‘Very common’ washing mistakes to avoid for ‘better’ bedding Brown stains can also form on duvets due to oil or rust in your washing machine or undissolved washing powder left in the machine. Blood stains On white duvets, blood stains can be extremely prominent. Thanks to blood's unique ability to clot, getting bloodstains out of your duvet can be challenging. Bloodstains on your duvet come from anywhere. For example, nosebleeds and cuts can lead to stains on your duvets. Mosquito bite sites can also leave blood stains when you scratch them. It's easier to clean off blood stains when they’re fresh. If left to stand, haemoglobin in the blood clots sticks tightly to the duvet. 1. Use washing up liquid Using washing up liquid when dealing with stains is a “no-brainer”, according to the pros. They said: “You shouldn't go for harsh chemicals when dealing with duvet stains, except if you want to buy new bedding. DON'T MISSLatest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [INSIGHT]David Domoney shares 4 houseplants that act as ‘mould-busters’ [EXPERT]I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle [COMMENT] “Start by applying the liquid detergent directly to the stained area, after you've checked the specific cleaning instructions on the duvet. Ensure the manufacturer doesn't warn against the product or any of its constituents. “If you can afford it, it's best to add the washing up liquid to a water bowl while dealing with more significant stains. Next, soak the duvet in it for a long while.” The pros then suggested walking on the duvet with clean feet as this apparently “creates a mechanical motion that facilitates the lifting of stains off the surface of clothing”. 2. Use white vinegar If the brown stain on your duvet is due to mould, white vinegar can come to the rescue. The experts said: “Beyond brown stains, white vinegar also works magic with blood and yellow stains. If there's a foul odour coming from your duvet, white vinegar can neutralise the scent.” READ MORE: Get ‘streak-fee’ windows with 'effective' solution in minutes Apply white vinegar directly to the target area to dissolve a stain. You can also soak the duvet in vinegar for about 30 minutes. Then, use cold water to rinse the duvet. Repeat the process a few more times till the stain completely disappears. Once the stain is off the duvet, wash it with detergent again to remove the smell of white vinegar. The cleaning experts said: “From start to finish, using white vinegar to get stains out of a duvet takes time. However, the sparkling results are well worth it.” 3. Wash bedding regularly To reduce the amount of dirt accumulated on your duvet, you can use a cover for it. Using a duvet cover is especially vital for white duvets. If you don't have a duvet cover, it's best to wash your duvet regularly. You shouldn't have to use the duvet for several months before washing it. Prolonged usage before washing only makes the cleaning process harder. In addition, stains will be more difficult to remove after a long time. Wash your duvet monthly or bi-monthly, if you can. The ideal scenario is to have a few duvets you can wash and rotate using. 4. Avoid bleach Washing your duvet with bleach may seem like an obvious choice. However, the long-term effect on your duvet can be “damaging”, warned the experts. They said: “When you buy a duvet, you want it to stay in good condition for a long time. Bleach can defeat that purpose.” Bleach has harsh chemical properties that can affect the natural fibres in a duvet. Consequently, using it will cause the duvet to fade after a while. Rather than having to resort to bleach stain removal, wash your duvet frequently. Even if you have to deal with stains, “you'll be able to remove them with white vinegar”, claimed the pros. 5. Wash at a low temperature According to the bedding specialists, the “best temperature” to wash your duvet is 60 degrees. They explained:”It's the perfect temperature to wash your duvet because dust mites die at this temperature. However, it’s worth nothing that washing your duvet at too high of a temperature can make it shrink, so if you're in doubt, check the label for precise instructions.