Kate Middleton, 41, was photographed driving back from Lambrook School on Tuesday after dropping her children back to school on the first day back after the Christmas holidays. The Princess of Wales had not been seen since Christmas Day at Sandringham where she celebrated Christmas with the Royal Family. Kate could be seen from the neck up behind the wheel as she drove home to Adelaide Cottage from Lambrook School. The Princess wore a camel coat, which has been an ongoing trend for Kate for the past few months. Kate has donned these monochrome looks across the autumn and winter seasons, as the colour suits her so perfectly. On Tuesday, Kate paired her camel coat with some gold earrings and a brown and black checkered scarf.  READ MORE: Prince George shares a very special bond with his cousin through sport  Although it is not quite clear which earrings the Princess wore, Kate has been known to wear high-end expensive jewels as well as £14 earrings from Accessorize, like the ones she wore to the Together at Christmas carol concert. Kate also owns a massive scarf collection, having worn many checkered and tartan scarfs throughout her time as a working royal. She could also be seen wearing her jaw-dropping sapphire engagement ring as she held the steering wheel. Kate famously wears Princess Diana's former sapphire engagement ring, which originally cost £390,000.    However, it is believed that with this unique legacy, the precious jewel would almost certainly be worth much more now. On a royal engagement out to Scarborough, the Princess wore her Wool Long Run Coat, £439, by Max and Co., which could have been the coat she was pictured wearing on Tuesday. At the time when the Princess wore this coat, many compared her style to Meghan Markle, who was renowned for wearing camel when she was a working member of the Royal Family. Beauty and style expert Miranda Holder spoke about the two royal women's love for the colour camel. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore  She explained: "Princess Catherine stepped out in an all-camel outfit for her visit to Scarborough and so many of you commented saying that she's simply copying Meghan's signature look for a camel coat. "It's very true that the camel coat is one of Meghan's wardrobe heroes. She has a whole collection of them which she uses to add polish to every outfit. "However, Kate was not copying Meghan, because, in true Princess Catherine style, she has worn the same beautiful coat on many separate occasions. "The difference between these two key looks is that Catherine is keeping her look monochrome whereas Meghan is going tonal," Miranda went on. "From a style perspective, I actually prefer Meghan's look here. I think this look is very chic, you've got some caramel in there, some chocolate, I think it looks very expensive. "Kate's look is very elegant, it's her signature style, but in my book, it's a tiny bit boring and could do with a little bit of oomph." The Princess was photographed on Tuesday just one day after the royal celebrated her 41st birthday.  The royal likely celebrated at home in Adelaide Cottage with her husband Prince William, and their three children, George, Charlotte and Louis.