 Emmerdale, the pair go to war with Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) and her husband Jimmy King (Nick Miles) as they also put in an offer to buy the business. The half-sisters could become embroiled in a new long-running feud in the ITV soap. Bernice and Nicola have always been involved in the odd argument with one another but if the latter chooses to destroy her sister’s dream, it could be all out war. In coming scenes, Bob tries desperately to get Nicola to buy his shares in the cafe but she’s having none of it. Later, Bob learns from Eric (Chris Chittell) they’ve got three days to pay the deposit. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Bernice and Bob are disappointed when their plan to get Jimmy drunk to convince Nicola to buy the shares, fails. When no one’s watching, scheming Nicola pulls out her phone and calls Eric.  She confronts Nicola and accuses her of being a traitor but Bob and Bernice can barely believe their luck when they convince Pollard to let them beat Nicola’s offer.    “"I'm not going to tell you who the new owners are just yet, but let's just say it's very boutique the new decor. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointment [LATEST]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [SPOILER]Emmerdale viewers left baffled by Leyla hostage plot [INSIGHT] "It is very glamorous, it's got an absolute touch of class and it's just on the right side of not being cheesy, so they are your clues.  From Jane’s comments it’s looks likely it will be Bernice and Bob who are triumphant in their bid to buy the hotel.  Elsewhere in the Dales, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) struggles when she receives some news via a mysterious phone call. The next day Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) fears Charity has discovered his baby secret as she struggles with the news she's been given over the phone. Charity grabs a bottle of vodka and heads out to clear her head. She takes keys from Caleb and invites Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) along for a ride when she discloses what it is bothering her. Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7.30pm