Loose Women panellist Stacey Soloman, 33, previously revealed that, while her husband Joe Swash, 40, described the idea of having more children as "addictive", she was not on the same page about growing their family at first.  Joe apparently disagreed with her and said that he'd never say no to the idea of adding to their brood. Before the shock announcement, Stacey had other ideas and, during her last pregnancy, she took to Instagram to say that she felt fulfilled and that her family was enough. In her post, she even claimed that she was giving birth for the last time. The star wrote: "For the last time… So grateful for the chance to grow you little one, now we can't wait to meet you." READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne looks in good spirits after ‘emergency’ hospital dash   However, everything changed when Stacey shared her pregnancy announcement with her 5 million Instagram followers and posted a video of herself with a positive pregnancy test. She also shared the emotional reaction Joe had when she gave him the news. Calling Joe into the bathroom, her shocked husband reacted to the positive pregnancy stick.   Overwhelmed at the news, the former Eastenders actor sank to his knees and embraced an ecstatic Stacey. Once he had composed himself, Joe exclaimed: “This is the best news bubba!" The proud dad then planted a huge kiss on the former X factor star's cheek. DONT MISS: Dick Strawbridge admits he tried 'ending' relationship with Angel [NEWS] Greta Thunberg savages Andrew Tate as he’s arrested in Romania [NEWS] Coleen Nolan breaks silence after Stacey Solomon's baby 'snub'  [LATEST] Stacey captioned the heartwarming video: "Me + him = so grateful & cannot believe I’m saying this … Another pickle is on the way.” (sic) "Pickle" is the affectionate term she uses to describe her brood and is also the name of the cottage she shares with her family. The latest addition means that Joe and Stacey will be a family of six living in Pickle Cottage.  The couple are already parents to Rose, 14 months, and Rex, three. Stacey also shares son Leighton, 10, with ex-partner Aaron Barham, and eldest Zachery, 14, with Dean Cox. Joe is also a father to son Harry, 15, who he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous. 