But the big questions are: Where should these houses be built? And what sort of houses should they be? The answer to the second question is that they must be far better built than they are at present. Today’s developers – unlike their Victorian counterparts – rush to build and are keen to sell, but the quality is sadly lacking. And the answer to the first question is that wherever possible they should be built on brownfield sites, where there has already been residential or industrial development. But the countryside charity, CPRE, says there are currently more than 400,000 homes with planning permission on greenfield sites, which, if granted, risk ruining villages and placing an extra burden on already stretched rural services. The Express has highlighted the situation in the village of Alderton, Gloucestershire, where developers are appearing over the horizon as if they are an invading army. Local authorities need to get tough – and not just think about the extra revenue they will receive in additional council taxes. Our villages are precious. They need to be protected and treasured. One of the repercussions of lockdown during the pandemic has been the continued reliance on telephone consultations with GPs. This is noting short of a national disgrace – and in the case of a law student whose life was ahead of him, it is a tragedy. Student David Nash, 26, who died two years ago, had not one but four telephone calls with a Leeds GP, but his mastoiditis, which led to meningitis, was never picked up. His parents want to know if his lifethreatening condition could have been diagnosed sooner if he had been able to see a doctor. But whatever the inquest concludes, this is one of the biggest issues facing the NHS. For many elderly and frail people, human contact with their GP is crucial to their mental wellbeing. Increasingly, we live in a virtual world – but when it comes to health nothing is more effective or important than face-to-face doctor appointments. Jack Frost is not done with us yet – not by a long chalk. So brace yourself for snow, freezing fog, rain and general mayhem as winter makes its icy presence felt once more. No one can accuse the British weather of being boring. We can go from drought to floods in a matter of weeks, sunshine to snow in days. So brollies and woolly hats at the ready!