Warning - Graphic content: A dog attack victim is calling for tighter restrictions for owners after she almost lost her arm when she was mauled by a Husky. Mum-of-two Rachel Anderson was babysitting for a friend when their pet, Storm, sunk its teeth into her face and then savaged her arm.    The violent 45-minute attack left her with massive wounds and she needed nearly a dozen operations to repair her arm.  Four years on, her physical wounds have healed but she still can’t use her hand properly and the psychological scars remain.  She still “cries from fear” whenever she hears a dog growl and says she wants to see tighter regulations on owners.  And following the death of a 28-year-old dog walker in Surrey last week, who was mauled to death after being attacked by the animals she was walking at the time, Mrs Anderson says dog owners should have licences.    Mrs Anderson, a stay-at-home mum, from Lincoln, Lincolnshire, said: “I believe dog attacks are down to the owners, not the dogs. It’s down to the environment they live in.  “Dog licences would make the country safer for everyone – it would stop people having too many or having them for the wrong reasons.  “Any normal person who genuinely cares for their dog wouldn’t mind getting a dog  “Dog licences will make sure people who shouldn’t have dogs, don’t have them.  “What’s stopping that woman who owned the dog that attacked me from going and buying another puppy?”  READ MORE: Zara Tindall's ruthless put-down to Harry at Eugenie's wedding  Rachel, who lives with husband Wayne Anderson, 46, had been babysitting her friend’s two children on December 26, 2018, when the attack happened.  Her friend’s Siberian Husky, which she says would normally be kept outside, attacked her face before biting her arm.  Mrs Anderson said: “I could see blood everywhere. I could see my face out the corner of my eye.  “My arm was all ripped open. I could see skin and fat everywhere.  “I remember it dragging me side to side, by the arm. At one stage I thought it was going to release me, but it was treating me like a chew toy.”  She says she was only able to get free when one of the children stabbed the dog with a knife - and then she says the police came and shot the dog dead.  Metro reports that her limb was saved when medics sewed it inside her stomach for four weeks to get new skin to grow back.  Her physical wounds have now healed but she probably won’t return to return to being a hairdresser, because of the damage done to her arm. DON'T MISSStriking doctors are ‘angry, burned out and demoralised’ [ANALYSIS]Royal Family have 'pulled a blinder' as Harry and Meghan 'plan' fails [REVEALED]Russia on brink of armed revolt as 1000s join anti-Putin army [REPORT]   She said: “I never take my own dog to the park in case other dogs come over and want to play. “Whenever I hear a growl, I start to cry.” There have been calls for a licensing system for dog owners being re-introduced in the UK after a dog attack in Caterham, Surrey, where a 28-year-old woman died in hospital and another woman was injured.  Mrs Anderson said: “That woman who died the other night, I would dread to think what was going through her brain as she was being attacked.  “Most dogs don’t naturally want to attack – it’s either what they’re shown to do, or they don’t know any better.  “I don’t believe it is down to the dog, it is down to owners.  “If treated right, any breed can be good. It’s the owners, and the environment it is in.”  She said a licensing system would mean owners could be monitored better and be held accountable for their dogs’ actions. 