I recreated Kate's hairstyle in less than 10 minutes and to do so, I used my GHD Platinum+ hair straightener, but any straightener can be used to do this as the secret is to follow the right technique. I divided my hair into two sections and I started with the bottom sections. Simply grab one section of hair and place the straightener at the roots. Place the straightener diagonally with the nose of the styler pointing downwards. Turn the styler one full rotation away from the face and then glide down the length of the section. I curled the section of hair with my fingers in the same styling direction. Continue styling using this technique, working upwards in sections until all your hair is curled. But the most important part comes now, as to get the exact effortless and loose waves Kate dons, you have to brush out the curls and use some hairspray to hold them in place for longer. Perfect! What are your thoughts on the results? Share your comments below! READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal  Syd Hayes, celebrity hairdresser and brand ambassador for BaByliss, commented on Kate's soft, bouncy curls. He said: “Kate’s hair is full, shiny and smooth, it’s been prepped well in order to hold the waves and make the colour pop." Indeed, to have the Princess of Wales' shiny hair, some preparation is key. Make sure you wash your hair with the most suitable shampoo for your specific hair type and use conditioner afterwards. Apply a hair mask once a week, ideally to dry hair, for a soft, shiny and smooth finish. If your hair is damaged and dry, Vitamin A, Vitamin B or biotin supplements can make your hair look shiny and fuller.  The Princess of Wales is rarely seen without her loose waves but the truth is that she hasn't always had this same hairstyle. In fact, there has been a hair transformation throughout the years, starting with her days as a student at St Andrews University, where she met Prince William. Back then, Kate wore her long hair to the side, with side-swept bangs and would style it in very natural and subtle waves. In 2010, for her engagement pictures, Kate's hair started to evolve as she opted for more classic waves. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth When Prince George was born, we saw Kate had lightened up her brown hair and opted for a soft balayage with some honey-toned highlights. Years later, in 2018, we saw the then Duchess of Cambridge with a shoulder-length hairstyle parted in the middle but still styled in waves. This year, Kate wears her hair long, styled in bouncy curls with the middle part, her absolute favourite hairstyle. When Kate lived in London with her sister Pippa Middleton, she used to go to Richard Ward Hair & Metrospa salon in Chelsea. Hairstylist Richard Ward explained that for Kate's "effortlessly chic" blow-dry, it is fundamental to smooth out “any last kink or hint of frizz with products and hair straighteners”. It is also recommended to add wax or gel to keep the hair in place “one small section at a time,” he told the Daily Mail. “When she walked back into Buckingham Palace and her hair was all still in place, I cannot tell you the relief we all felt!” the stylist told PEOPLE. A spokesperson for Longevita commented on the Princess' hairstyle saying: "Kate is undoubtedly one of the most influential women on the planet when it comes to style!"