Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Schofield said: "I think ‘Spare’ and the Netflix documentary will ultimately hurt Harry and Meghan’s relationships with the Hollywood elite. "Did intensely private Beyoncé give Meg permission to read a text message that she sent the Duchess verbatim to millions of Netflix subscribers? I highly doubt it. "Did Courteney Cox expect to one day be called out for ‘magic mushroom chocolates’ in ‘Spare?’ "Does Gayle King enjoy being grilled by the internet when Harry tells ITV there isn't a royal racist after Gayle appeared on morning television claiming that her friends, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, had receipts?" JUST IN: Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' SAS claim made about Meghan Markle Speaking to Fox News Digital, the ToDiFor Daily founder added: "They are putting people in uncomfortable situations. "While having Tyler Perry and Oprah in your corner is a huge help, I think most individuals don't want to pick a side and would prefer to avoid the drama." In their Netflix documentary, the Duchess of Sussex was filmed reading out a message she received from Beyoncé the morning after their Oprah Winfrey interview aired. Meghan can be seen intently looking down at her phone before telling the Duke of Sussex that the pop star texted her. READ MORE: Charles’s May Coronation will be ‘half the size of Queen’s’ as new details revealed Prince Harry teased his wife for looking so excited, theatrically saying: "Shut up!." The Duchess said: "I still can’t believe she knows who I am." She then paraphrased the message to Harry: "She said she wants me to feel safe and protected. She admires my bravery and vulnerability and thinks I was selected to break generational curses that need to be healed.” The Duchess had previously met both Beyoncé and her husband Jay-Z during the premiere of Disney's The Lion King in London in 2019. DON'T MISS:Iranian backed terror groups remain a threat to all Europe [LATEST]Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's titles 'have to be taken'  [REVEAL] /news/royal/1723707/king-charles-slimmed-down-coronation-Queen-elizabeth-royal-family The Duke of Sussex also dedicated a section of his memoir, Spare, to thanking celebrity pals Chris Martin from Coldplay, Oprah Winfrey, talk show host James Corden and Argentinian actor Nacho Figueras. But the Sussexes's openness has seemingly backfired on the couple, as polls carried out since the release of both the docuseries and the memoir have shown a significant drop in support for the couple in both the US and the UK. Even late-night show presenter Jimmy Kimmel turned on the royal couple as he mercilessly mocked the Duke for admitting to being reminded of his mother when advised to use Elizabeth Arden cream after experiencing frostbite on his penis. Kimmel read out passages from a mock book titled The Prince and the Penis: "Oh mummy! Oh mummy! He cried with a scream, and from then up on high she appeared with some cream. My poor little prince, put this on your willy. It will lessen the ache and make it less chilly. "But mummy have you heard about Sir Sigmund Freud?'"