Express.co.uk spoke to Patrick Price, who specialises in tarot readings for horoscope and astrology app Nebula. He predicted Charles and Camilla’s future over the next 12 months – and beyond. Patrick looked at whether Charles will be on the throne for a long or a short time, finding clues in the couple’s upcoming transits. He said: “In astrology, a transit is when a celestial body such as a planet or comet moves into a specific position, and by tracking this and seeing how it relates to the positions on someone's natal chart, we can get a really good idea of what will be happening for them moving forward. “One such transit to take note of is that towards the end of the year, both Charles and Camilla will have the Sun (which represents the self) in their third house (the house of the mind, intellect, and legacy), at the same time as each other. “This may suggest that the royal household will remain very stable and unified and have a period of strength during their reign. This level of stability and unity in astrology might suggest a longer tenure.” READ MORE: Rabbit 2023 zodiac horoscope - what’s in store for Rabbit this year There have been suggestions by experts that Charles may step aside for William to be King before his death, but Patrick said he doesn’t think this to be likely. He continued: “There are several upcoming transits that may give a glimpse into the mentality Charles could have when it comes to his outlook on passing on the throne to William before his death. “One such transit is when Pluto passes through his sixth house. Pluto is the planet of renewal and can be a good planet to follow in order to see someone's career choices, and the sixth house relates to health and daily routines. “Pluto coming into this house would possibly imply that Charles will seek to fulfil his duties until the end and would carry on his mother's tradition of wearing the crown until the end. DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] “This transit could also allude to Charles having an outlook on his role as King as more than just a 'job', and more of a calling or vocation. Again, this likely reinforces the idea that Charles may serve as King until his death.” Some experts believe the monarchy could end with Charles and Camilla, while others think the Firm will grow in popularity among the public when William and Kate step up to the throne. Patrick said: “There is a lot in the upcoming year for Charles and Camilla that suggests they may not be the last King and Queen, and that the royal household could go from success to success for years to come. “One of the main examples of this is around the Summer Solstice, where we see their charts align once again. READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours “This time we see that Saturn (the planet of longevity, determination, and responsibility) will move into the eighth house of both. In this context, the eight house represents upcoming challenges and difficulties. “So, what Saturn shows us in this position, especially when we see it aligned across both of their charts, is that they will most likely stand strong in the face of adversity and overcome any challenges without too much difficulty. “Saturn in this position also indicates that they will possibly look to rely on tradition and status to keep the Royal Family in good favour.” Looking at 2023 in general for the couple, Patrick continued: “When looking to see how the year will pan out for the King, we can look to see how upcoming transits may affect him. “To begin the year, the Moon will reside in his ninth house. The ninth house represents intelligence and travel, amongst other things. “The Moon, which tells us about someone's relationship to the world around them, in this position tells us that the King will start the year with a strong craving for freedom, learning, and new experiences, which also suggests that this year we may see the King and Queen Consort take more overseas visits in their new positions. “It could also indicate that Charles will be looking to put his own stamp on the monarchy and may possibly seek to rearrange existing structures and hierarchies within the royal household. “The Moon in this position also tells us that a person will be very connected to their religion and spirituality, so we may see Charles working even closer with the Church of England next year, of which he is the head.”