This is the incredible reconstructed image of a mystery man found dead in woodland more than 11 years ago. Cold case investigators created the 3D photo after examining human remains discovered near Balmore Golf Club in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland. The man suffered injuries before his death which may have affected his appearance and left him with a limp. He may have been in significant pain. Experts at Glasgow Caledonian University now hope the image will help "jog someone’s memory" despite more than a decade passing. The man is white, around 25 years old, with fair hair, a slight build and between 5ft 8in and 6ft in height. There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death, police have said. There have been previous attempts to identify him in the years since his body was found on October 16, 2011, reports Glasgow Live. Scottish Cold Case Unit, based at the university, is working with missing persons' charity Locate to showcase the picture, photos of the man’s belongings and drone footage of the woodland where his body was found. Dr Maureen Taylor, co-director of the Scottish Cold Case Unit at Glasgow Caledonian, said: "The team have been undertaking inquiries around the clothing he was wearing and his belongings, a geographical profile of the location in which he was found, and missing men from the UK and Europe. "We know he had a chip to one of his front teeth and injuries to his nose and jaw that he sustained in the months leading to his death. "These injuries were not only left untreated but would have caused him significant pain. We also believe that he may have walked with a limp or had difficulty walking." He was discovered wearing a blue Top Man T-shirt with a maroon diagonal stripe on the front, a blue zipped cardigan bearing the logo Greek Pennsylvania, light-coloured jeans and black waterproof walking shoes, commonly bought in Lidl.  A number of personal items including toiletries, additional clothes, headphones, chargers, a lighter, and cigarette papers were found in a Nike messenger type bag near his body. It’s thought he could have been dead for up to six months before he was discovered. Professor Lesley McMillan, co-director of the Unit, which is made up of Criminology students and academic staff, said: “We hope the information and images in our appeal jog someone’s memory. Perhaps someone will recognise his clothing or his belongings and help us establish who he is.  “The Cold Case Unit has spent the last 18 months gathering as much detail as we can to progress this case. We greatly value the relationship we have with Police Scotland and are grateful to our colleagues at the University of Dundee for the renewed facial reconstruction and support with 3D imaging. “We would encourage anyone with information that might be relevant, no matter how small, to please get in touch with us.” Detective Inspector Kenny McDonald, of Greater Glasgow Division, said: “I am extremely grateful for the diligent work Glasgow Caledonian University have carried out on this case.  “This is a long-term enquiry examining the circumstances of unidentified human remains, and a detailed forensic review of all physical matter has been conducted. This includes revisiting the recovery site, creating facial reconstruction imaging and liaising with the UK’s Missing Persons Unit. “With the support of Glasgow Caledonian, I hope this new image will offer fresh leads which could help to finally identify the man and bring closure to any members of his family.” If you have information email Cold ColdCaseUnit@gcu.ac.uk or phone on 0141 331 3235. Full details of the case, and a form that can be completed anonymously, is available online here. 