The fashion choices of the female members of the Royal Family are often influenced by the places they are visiting such as the colour, practicality, and subtle nods to a nation’s national symbols. The Princess of Wales is usually spotted in similar designs with her go to midi-length dresses and coats with a belt or detail which highlights her waist. Now an expert has claimed that Kate and a number of other royals have adopted a new fashion trend which “keeps them relevant”. Last year saw the return of royal engagements following the pandemic with royals from across Europe sporting their new looks. The over-sized suit often became an outfit of choice for a number of royal women including Kate, Meghan Markle, Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, and Queen Letizia of Spain. The Duchess of Sussex sported the oversized look in The Netherlands in April when she opted for an oversized white Valentino suit to the Invictus Games. The £3,200 suit was paired with her wedding shoes and earrings during her visit to The Hague. The following month saw the Princess of Wales do the same on a trip to Jamaica where she wore an oversized tailored white suit jacket. She later wore the same Alexander McQueen suit with a pair of flared trousers rather than the tapered style she chose in Jamaica. Royal fans were quick to spot the new style choice from the royal with a number of comments on the Prince and Princess of Wales Instagram account. READ MORE: Royal photo was Harry and Meghan's 'evidence' Firm was 'against them' Fans said that they “love the Duchess’s outfits on this trip” with many specifically pointing out the white suit: “That suit looks amazing on her!! Wow!!” Alongside members of the British Royal Family, a number of European royals also tried out the oversized suit. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands was seen wearing a lose-fitted lime green suit with a loosely belted jacket on top of a dark green turtleneck. Meanwhile, on a visit to Los Angeles, Queen Letizia of Spain wore a recycled and loose-fitting red suit with a longer red overcoat draped over her shoulders. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be banned from coronation - poll (POLL)Starmer election blow as report suggests weaker Labour lead (REVEAL)Undecided red wall voters could swing next election towards a Tory win (INSIGHT) Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and Princess Charlene of Monaco also chose the modern business attire look. Celebrity stylist Miranda Holder told the Daily Mail that the look is on-trend and ideal for working royals who need to look relevant and business-like. She said: “This aesthetic works perfectly for the working royal woman as the on-trend silhouette keeps them relevant and fashion-forward.” Ms Holder added: “The very nature of the suit, being traditionally intended as business attire, means they are appropriately dressed for the gravitas of whatever their schedule throws at them.”