Kate Middleton and Prince William visited Windsor Foodshare to learn about their work providing food parcels to those who are struggling financially. The Princess of Wales dazzled in a fuchsia pink coat and turtleneck jumper. Kate re-wore her Hobbs London Tilda Coat in a vibrant shade of fuchsia pink. The Princess debuted the pink coat in 2021. She wore it to take part in a science lesson at a school in Harrow, London. The bestselling Tilda coat is a staple for Hobbs London. The company bring back the iconic coat very often. Largely due to its immaculately cut feminine shape, beautiful tailoring and elegant design, it’s a must-have in Kate's wardrobe for looking polished during the colder months. READ MORE: Queen Letizia is met with 'frosty' body language from Queen Sofia  The coat features long sleeves, a single-breasted fastening, a Melton undercollar and a handy internal pocket. It’s made from naturally warm and biodegradable brushed wool—a fabric that’s kinder on the planet. The lining is crafted from recycled polyester, which helps reduce landfill. Unfortunately, the coat is all sold out now, so it is unclear how much it cost at the time of purchase. Kate wore a matching turtleneck jumper underneath the coat, which is also by Hobbs London.   The description for the jumper says: "A foundation piece. In a fine gauge knit with a timeless rib design, the Lara roll neck features gold button detailing to the sleeves. "It's perfect for layering under dresses or with jeans. Crafted from the finest merino wool for the softest finish. Made using wool certified by the Responsible Wool Standard." Originally costing £75, it is now worth just £59 due to the January sales, making it a bargain for royal fans. The Princess also wore her Orelia London’s Gold-Plated Chain Huggie Hoop Earrings. READ MORE: Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand Kate first debuted the new hoop earrings in February 2021 during a video call with nursing students. The Huggie Hoop gold chain earrings are made from brass and plated with gold. This makes them an affordable piece of jewellery—they retail for just £15. In fact, this is Orelia’s unique selling point. They make all of their pieces from gold or silver plated brass to ensure their jewellery is affordable for all.  Orelia says the Huggie Hoops will add a little “street style bling” to your wardrobe. Royal correspondent for the Daily Express, Richard Palmer, tweeted: "The Prince and Princess of Wales are visiting Windsor Foodshare, a charity that feeds the hungry. "They will be helping volunteers sort food donations and packages for clients to collect later."