However, she was left quite surprised during one interview after her former co-star, Louise Minchin, unexpectedly appeared. Naga Munchetty was able to have a quick catch-up with the ex-BBC Breakfast presenter while interviewing Dame Katherine Grainger during a charity sports event. Louise Minchin claimed she was "nervous" as she chatted to her former colleagues, before saying she "misses the sofa". During Saturday's BBC Breakfast, hosts Naga and Charlie Stayt chatted to Katherine, who was reporting live from a charity event for the late rugby star Doddy Weir. Former rugby player Doddy died recently from motor neurone disease, and a special regatta in Edinburgh had been arranged in his memory. After asking a few questions about the event, Naga began to ask something else, but was interrupted. She started to say: "So, Katherine, we've kind of got.-" READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row However, Louise jumped into the shot at that moment, and Katherine remarked: "Look who's here!" "Oh, hello Miss Minchin!" Naga stated, surprised to see her former BBC colleague. "Hi Naga, hi Charlie!" Lousie waved, smiling at the pair. Not responding to Naga and Charlie's questions, she walked out of the shot before Katherine called her back. "I can't hear them!" She explained as she re-emerged. "I can speak for them - how are you?" Katherine asked as she placed an arm around Louise. "I'm very nervous," the former broadcaster admitted. "I'm here to raise money, obviously but I'm very nervous because I don't know how to row and I've got about 10 mins to learn!" "Yeah, but you're very fit, we were just discussing how easy it is to transfer over," Katherine assured her. DON'T MISS... Bruno Tonioli makes dig at Strictly as he joins Britain's Got Talent [LATEST]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Richard Cawood will die after tragic clue [THEORY]The Apprentice star argues Lord Sugar 'shouldn't have' fired him [EXCLUSIVE] "I don't know, I'm fit here," she replied, touching her heart area. "And my legs are probably fit, but it's going to be hard!" Referring to the crowd behind them, she added: "Look at these people behind us, it's absolutely amazing, and a beautiful place to be, as well!" "Are you enjoying it?" Katherine asked, to which Louise responded: "Very much so far..." However, she went on to add: "Ask me in three hours - it might not be the same!" The 54-year-old went on: "Sorry to interrupt and everything, but I just wanted to say hello, good morning, and thank you very much for talking to us about this! "Because it's such a fun day and brilliant to be here," she beamed at her former co-stars. "The sofa misses you," Katherine stated as Louise confessed: "I miss the sofa." BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.