The competition is getting serious in The Masked Singer with the line-up slowly whittling down every week. On Saturday night, all eight remaining stars took to the stage for the first time so ITV viewers could make a direct comparison with all of their performances. Once again, Jacket Potato stood out among the crowd of bizarre costumes with his swagger on stage. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The Masked Singer fans have been convinced for weeks that behind the mask of Jacket Potato is none other than EastEnders star Shane Richie. Fuel was added to the fire on Saturday with each of the songs giving a clue to each of the characters' real identities. Jacket Potato's Smooth features the lyric "And it's just like the ocean under the moon", with many predicting it's a link to his Albert Square alter ego Alfie Moon. However, as the episode came to an end, a short clip teasing next week's instalment introduced another theory for the singing spud. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show A promo for week six of The Masked Singer showed Jacket Potato playing the electric guitar. Speaking to Express.co.uk, TommyD, music producer and co-founder of TokenTraxx, who has worked with Adele and Beyonce among other big names, believes it could be one of two famous band mates. TommyD said: "He's definitely American and definitely East Coast as they have more of that playful US voice whereas the midwest singers have a slight twang. "Sounds so much like Jon Bon Jovi that it’s either him or his sidekick and guitarist Richie sambora who did all the harmonies with Jon on the Bonjovi tracks and so often gets mistaken for him. I think the guitar was a big giveaway." 1980s rock band Bon Jovi is best remembered for hits like It's My Life, Bed of Roses, Livin' on a Prayer, You Give Love a Bad Name and Always. There has been little mention of the lead singer being behind Jacket Potato but many are in agreement that it could actually be guitarist Richie Sambora. He was the band's lead guitarist until Sambora was replaced in 2016 with Canadian musician Phil X. Viewers have taken to social media to share the clues which point to the 63-year-old. DON'T MISS...Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly [EXPLAINER]The Masked Singer fury as judges fail to guess 'obvious' Rhino [VIDEO]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star [THEORY] VeryAtheist questioned: "How can it be that jacket potato sounds like Shane Richie and Richie Sambora at the same time? #MaskedSingerUK." Mariebettydavis commented: "So I was watching Ritchie Sambora on YouTube I now think Jacket Potato is him and not Shane Richie after all #MaskedSingerUK." Joonconnell posted: "OK, I’m sold - Jacket Potato is Richie Sambora from Bon Jovi! His totaliser was 'whoaaaa, halfway there!' and he’s 'used to being the foil'. #MaskedSingerUK." While MichelleCurra added: "The sign for halfway. 'Halfway there?' Bon Jovi = Richie Sambora #JacketPotato #MaskedSingerUK." In the latest episode, Jacket Potato was in the bottom two with Pigeon who was sadly kicked off the show by the judges. When it came to the big reveal, it turned out that none of the panelists guessed right with comedian and actress Katherine Ryan behind the mask. Talking about her daughter Violet's reaction who earlier questioned if her mum was behind Pigeon, Ryan commented: “I said, ‘No, it’s not me and I don’t lie’. "So she really took me at my word. I think it’s a good example of a fun lie because there are very few surprises in life...she was really excited. First livid, then excited.” The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.