In order to start proceedings, the judged asked potential jurors about their impartiality to the trial. During the questioning, the SpaceX founder was blasted as “narcissistic”, “unpredictable”, and “a little off his rocker”. Others added that he was “another arrogant rich guy” while one called him “a genius”. The trial will investigate if the tech billionaire cheated shareholders out of “billions” via tweets in 2018 that said he “secured” funding to make Tesla private. The lawsuit claims that in the days after the tweets, shareholders bought or sold Tesla stock and are deserved damages. While these damages have not been outlined, the lawsuit accuses Musk’s tweets of costing investors “billions”. The tweets saw the company’s stock price soar, but this was suddenly halted when it was made evident a week later that Musk did not have the funding for a buyout. The entrepreneur was subsequently sued by investors who said that the shares would not have swung so much in value had he not tweeted about buying the company for $420 per share. Musk was forced to step down as Tesla chairman and had to pay $40million as part of the settlement from securities regulators who ruled that his tweets were improper, and he was not telling the truth. By the end of the day, nine jurors were selected for the trial and opening arguments will begin on Wednesday. READ MORE: UK charity helping Ukrainians survive the winter with generators However, Musk’s lawyers argued that his controversial actions since taking over Twitter, whose headquarters are in San Francisco, mean’s that he cannot receive a fair trial there. Musk’s problematic purchase of the social media platform, the subsequent shutdown of his headquarters and the sacking of a number of employees has made him less than favourable. However, US district court judge Edward Chen denied the request to have the trial relocated to Texas. Instead, both he and the lawyers from both sides were given the opportunity to interrogate jurors who had showed the strongest opinions about Musk in a pre-trial questionnaire. DON'T MISS:Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people (REVEAL)Putin's nuclear 'tsunami' torpedoes could 'plunge UK into depths sea' (INSIGHT)Brexit leads to 330,000 shortfall in workers, think tanks claim (INSIGHT) One juror said: “I think he’s a little off his rocker, on a personal level.” Another called him “narcissistic” but added: “I truly believe you can’t judge a person until you walk in their shoes”. The tech mogul may be instructed to provide a testimony at the trial and has so far supported his view that he had secured financial support for the buyout during meetings with representatives from Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund.