Mr Burton wants to remove a weeping ash in his front garden and an oak behind the property. Two applications have been submitted to the council to have the gardening carried out later this year. The reason for the move is because honey fungus was found in the steam of the weeping ash. Said disease is known to attack and kill the roots of perennial and woody plants. READ MORE: Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' Panda Trees’ James Crawford spoke to the Mail about what the work he says needs doing. He said: “Sectional dismantle due to hazardous infection (honey fungus) found halfway up the main stem, with fruiting bodies around base of the main stem.” While the ash is affected by disease, the oak is being trimmed to reduce the amount of weight on the tree. The weight is such as that the trunk is starting to become unstable according to reports. Mr Burton’s decision to apply to have the tree work carried out has angered local residents who were angered by his decision to cut down 15 trees in his garden in 2021.  A group known as the Hampstead Conservation Area Advisory Committee lobbied the council in 2021, but to no avail. At the time, their response was they had “no objection to the works to trees”. Said response angered conservationists as some of the trees had conservation orders against them, these are laws enacted to protect trees. Mr Burton said one of the trees under dispute had died and that the decision to cut down the others were given the green light by the council. The house where the work is being carried out has been owned by Mr Burton since 2018, after his divorce from actress Helen Bonham-Carter. DON'T MISS:Woman, 56, is the first person cured of advanced breast cancer  [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak fights back saying he 'acted decisively' in sacking Zahawi [REPORT]Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [ANALYSIS] A group known as the Hampstead Conservation Area Advisory Committee lobbied the council in 2021, but to no avail. At the time, their response was they had “no objection to the works to trees”. Said response angered conservationists as some of the trees had conservation orders against them, these are laws enacted to protect trees. Mr Burton said one of the trees under dispute had died and that the decision to cut down the others were given the green light by the council. The house where the work is being carried out has been owned by Mr Burton since 2018, after his divorce from actress Helen Bonham-Carter.