  Soap actress and model Gemma Atkinson, 38, has said she’s been left “looking like a sabretooth” after her fitted brace disastrously became dislodged. The star, who is engaged to Strictly Come Dancing professional Gorka Márquez, 32, will now have to present her Hits Radio show with a “slashed lip”.      Taking to Instagram this morning, Gemma shared a health update with her 1.8 million followers. “My fitted brace has come off,” the presenter despaired, “Slashing my lip.” “I’m getting it fixed though on Monday,” she reassured her fans, “But I’m going to have to talk on the radio like this.” Fiddling with her brace, the star continued: “I keep putting it up and it falls back down.”    “I’m like a sabertooth - sabertooth!” she repeated with a laugh, including a sticker of a sabre-tooth tiger in the video. Gemma then touched her brace again before wincing in pain, saying: “It really hurts.” “Think I should cut it myself?” she asked her followers, as she seemed to seriously consider it for a quick second. “No, would I heck,” she chuckled. “God, look at that,” she concluded with an exasperated sigh.     Gemma first revealed her braces back in March, 2021, after previously describing how excited she was to finally get them. It came just weeks after she and Gorka announced they were engaged to be married, taking to social media on Valentine's Day to share the happy news. She wrote: "Valentine’s forever... Of course, I said yes." Gorka also shared the same picture on his Instagram page, writing: "The best day with my forever Valentine’s. READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Omid Scobie as Harry calls Meghan claim 'nonsense' [NEWS] Prince Harry exposing texts slammed by US star as 'Housewives' move [UPDATE] Jennifer Aniston ‘concerned’ over Brad Pitt’s new romance [LATEST INSIGHT]      "I asked and she said YES!!!!!! Happy Valentine’s Day everyone." Their engagement came exactly three years after they first confirmed their relationship. The couple grew close while competing respectively on Strictly in 2017, with Gemma finishing as a runner-up with Aljaž Škorjanec and Gorka doing the same with Alexandra Burke. While Joe McFadden and Katya Jones took home the trophy that year, Gemma and Gorka ended up finding true love.      Two years later, the pair welcomed their daughter Mia, who is now three years old. This year Gorka was coupled up with Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton, with whom he made it all the way to the final. However, it was Hamza Yassin and Jowita Przystal who ended up lifting the glitterball trophy. The Strictly Come Dancing Live tour kicks off today at the Utilita Arena Birmingham and will spend the next month visiting venues up and down the country.   