NBA superstar Steph Curry passed Wilt Chamberlain’s franchise record for most field goals as the Golden State Warriors. Curry starred for the Warriors - the reigning NBA champions after they defeated the Boston Celtics in six games - as they defeated the Thunder 128-120 on Monday night to secure a third successive win. Golden State started incredibly efficiently, shooting 62.5% in the first quarter as they raced into a 38-20 lead. The Warriors kept their opposition at arms length from there, with Curry scoring 38 points to go with 12 assists and eight rebounds. Known for his scarcely-believable deep shot, Curry connected on eight of his 14 attempts from three-point range. Klay Thompson, his team-mate and fellow ‘Splash Brother’, scored 28 points and hit six threes to lead the Warriors to victory. During his impressive performance against the Thunder, Curry made 12 of his 20 attempts from the floor to surpass the great Chamberlain for the most field goals in Warriors history. The 34-year-old is also the franchise leader in points, assists, steals and three-pointers, which he is the NBA all-time leader in. READ MORE: Joel Embiid outshines Nikola Jokic with clutch shot over Nuggets star The win was an important one for the Warriors as a the team kicked off their three-game road trip ahead of trips to Minnesota and Denver later this week. Golden State sit fifth in the Western Conference with a 26-24 record. “This was really a key game for us on the trip,” head coach Steve Kerr said. “To start out with a win puts us in a good position to get some rest tomorrow, prepare for Minnesota, go attack that game and see what happens. “So we needed this one tonight, and guys did a great job of winning and getting it. Now, we've got to get greedy and go get the next one.” DON'T MISSGS Warriors could face choosing between losing Thompson and GreenLeBron James dons special edition Liverpool top before LA Lakers winGolden State Warriors risk Steph Curry wrath with off-season decision Chamberlain spent six seasons of his 14-year career with the Warriors before joining the Philadelphia 76ers and the Los Angeles Lakers. The iconic center - renowned for his ludicrous scoring exploits, including the NBA’s single game record of 100 points - led the league in scoring for five of his six seasons with the franchise, holding the field goal record until Curry surpassed it last night. Chamberlain’s first MVP award came in 1960 - his first year with the Warriors. His no.13 Golden State jersey is retired. Curry and the Warriors are next in action against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night. The 27-26 Timberwolves sit ninth in a competitive west after they lost to the Sacramento Kings on Monday night.