Legendary actor, Robert Downey Jr has become a household name and gained critical success for his years in Hollywood, and his good looks. However, the A-lister looked entirely unidentifiable from his usual appearance as he pictured on the set of his latest role. The Iron Man star, who is normally recognised by his short, spiky dark hair and his heavy-rimmed glasses now looks remarkably different. He recently shocked fans as he sported a bald head during the screening of his father’s biopic, Sr. Despite this, he was easily identifiable as he added his pair of glasses and kept his familiar stubble. However, the actor revealed his new buzzed look was for his upcoming role in The Sympathizer. READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down  Alongside his young children, Robert posted a video of himself receiving the haircut, captioned: “The things we do for our work… and our kids.” Although he revealed his bald look was to accommodate for his new role, Robert looked worlds away from his familiar self. In images obtained by MailOnline while on set, he was spotted wearing a red curly wig with a receding hairline. Robert wore a white vest which peeked out from under a pink button-down shirt and a maroon coat. The look was completed with a pair of blue trousers and brown suede shoes.   As production continues, fans could be in for more jaw-dropping looks from Robert after it was reported he would play a number of other characters. According to Deadline: “Downey Jr is set to play multiple supporting roles as the main antagonists, all of whom represent a different arm of the American establishment.” The Sympathizer is the onscreen adaption of the 2015 debut novel from Vietnamese-American professor Viet Thanh Nguyen. Described as an “espionage thriller and cross-culture satire”, the series will explore the challenges of a half-French, half-Vietnamese communist spy. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Marvel – Huge MCU leak details Robert Downey Jr, Hugh Jackman return [INSIGHT]Robert Downey Jr, 57, looks totally transformed as he sports bald head [INSIGHT]  The upcoming series will also take a step back in time as it will be set during the final days of the Vietnam war, which resulted in his exile to the United States. Robert will star alongside Hoa Xuande, Fred Nguyen Khan, Toan Le, Vy Le and Alan Trong. Killing Eve’s Sandra Oh was also among a trio of actresses who recently joined the cast with recurring roles It was revealed she would star as Sofia Mori who is “a liberated feminist who, in the midst of a love triangle, begins to awaken to the complexity of her own Asian-American identity".  Kieu Chinh will play the major’s mother homesick for Vietnam, who struggled to find her feet in her new surroundings. While Nguyen Cao Ky Duyen will portray Madame, the General’s wife and elegant and commanding matriarch. She’s desperate to keep her daughter modest and her husband from unravelling as they restart their lives as refugees. Unfortunately, Robert’s roles are yet to be confirmed, so fans will have to stay tuned for more information as well as a release date. The Sympathizer will premiere on HBO in the USA soon.  