Last year, Tom Cruise fans were thrilled to discover Kenny Loggins’ much loved Danger Zone track from the 1986 original movie had made it into Top Gun: Maverick. Back in the 1980s, the musician didn’t know the star and only finally met him in 2016 when they both featured on Jimmy Kimmel Live! It was here that he had to ask the actor if the much-loved song would be back for the sequel. Speaking previously with Vulture, Loggins said: “That evening, I said, ‘I know you’re going to do the new one. Is Danger Zone a part of the new Top Gun?' To his delight, Cruise replied, “It wouldn’t be Top Gun without Danger Zone”, with the musician adding, “He stuck with that.” Fans will know it wasn’t the only song of his that made it into the original movie, having penned Playing with the Boys with Peter Wolf for the iconic beach volleyball scene. And it turns out there was a very specific reason the pair wrote a track for that sequence. Loggins said: “So we watched it, and we could tell when the opening scenes came on — the aircraft-carrier scenes — that everybody was salivating: ‘Oh my God. This is where most of these people are going to write for’. But when the volleyball scene came on, Peter and I went, ‘Yeah, that one. No one’s gonna write for that scene. Let’s make that happen.’ I knew that the main thing was to get in on the album, get a strong cut somewhere where they wouldn’t have a lot of choices.” The 75-year-old also shared how much he loved the critically acclaimed Top Gun: Maverick, which made over $1.488 billion worldwide. READ MORE: Top Gun Maverick: ‘I’m too old and fat’ Kelly McGillis on sequel snub Ahead of Top Gun: Maverick’s release last summer, Loggins said: “I think it’s going to be a huge hit. It is amazing that it’s over 30 years since the first one. It feels like it was 10 or 12 years ago, and then doing interviews at the premiere, they’re saying it’s 36 years. I had no awareness of how long it’s been. To have it still stick around as such an iconic film and still matter, it’s incredibly lucky.” SOURCE