Experts at Driving Test Success stressed that drivers can clear their windscreens by simply activating their car windscreen fan. Turning this to max will cause the ice to melt instantly, meaning drivers will not need to stand in the cold this winter. A social media TikTok video, Driving Test Success said drivers can then turn the fan to normal once the windscreen was clear. The captions said: “Frozen windscreen? Put the temperature on high. “Put the front windscreen fan on max. The ice will start to melt from the heat. “Wipe away excess water and return the fan to normal." READ MORE: Common car feature destroys fuel economy and may lead to 'problems' The video has received over a thousand likes on TikTok with many praising the simple tip. User ‘samer’ said: “Wow magic the ice is gone.” However, user ‘MishMash82’ added: “Wastes more fuel. “Just get [out] and scrape it off you lazy so and so.” Experts at Driving Test Success are not the only ones urging drivers to consider using their car heater. DON'T MISS Motorists must report 10 'surprising' medical conditions to the DVLA [INSIGHT] Warning issued to EV owners over towing caravans and trailer [WARNING] Drivers issued with urgent E10 winter warning as cars risk damage [REVEAL] In another video, Clear View Driving said road users should use their demister before they start driving. They said: “Now don't use your windscreen wipers or washers as that won't help. “Turn on your front and rear demister. “The rear demister also heats up your side mirrors in most new cars.  READ MORE: Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges “But if the mirrors are not clear, make sure to clear them before you start driving." The AA has also encouraged road users to “turn on the warm air blower” and “heated mirrors” to clear frost cover quickly. They said: “Start the engine and turn on the warm air blower on the windscreen. Switch on the rear windscreen heater and heated mirrors, if you have them.  “Then, once it's done you can use your wipers. Turn on the air-con. It's not just for summer – it'll remove moisture from the air to stop the car from misting up. “Don’t use your hands to wipe misted-up windows – you'll leave greasy smears and a diamond ring could scratch the glass. Use a lint-free absorbent cloth if necessary. “Stay with your car the whole time while the engine's running.” 