Mice only need a little food (around 3g a day) and nesting material to make themselves at home. Once they’ve found a safe, warm place away from predators, they will not move out, putting up with ultrasonic sound waves or mothballs rather than risk leaving. The majority of natural mouse repellents that you would usually think of such as peppermint, moth balls, and ultrasonic sound waves don’t actually do a great deal to resolve a mouse infestation, according to the pest control experts at Rentokil. They explained that while it is possible households might notice a short term, temporary effect like seeing less rodents around, these methods “will not permanently eliminate mice from your home”. 1. Mothballs There is the myth that by placing mothballs near a mouse nest it will deter them, because the naphthalene (a strong smelling, white substance) in the mothballs reduces the ability of blood cells to carry oxygen and will affect the mice. However, the amount of naphthalene in the mothballs is “far too small”, according to the experts, for this hack to have the desired impact. They added: “It’s enough to deter moths and other insects, but has no visible impact on rodents. “Even if they were irritated by the smell of mothballs near their nest, the mice would simply gnaw another entrance to avoid them.” READ MORE: ‘Main giveaway’ for mice in homes - ‘best method’ to get rid of them 2. Peppermint oil There is another myth which assumes that because mice are quite sensitive to smells, high concentrations of peppermint oil (which is quite potent) will upset their sense of smell and deter the mice from your home. Peppermint may help freshen up a home (and potentially mask the smell of the rodent problem) but it “certainly won’t get rid of your unwanted lodgers”, claimed the pros. Mice do have a keen sense of smell, identifying specific odours and distinguishing between the smell of foods and the scent of predators. The experts added: “Peppermint oil may irritate them for a while but it will not deter mice from your property. DON'T MISSFour ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid [EXPERT]Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]5 ‘must-have’ and ‘indestructible’ winter plants for ‘intense colour’ [INSIGHT] “As with most gases and fumes the peppermint oil scent will eventually dissipate and no longer affect the ground areas inhabited by mice.” 3. Ultrasonic rodent repellers There are a few ultrasonic rodent devices on the market, but their long term effectiveness has always been questionable. It’s possible that they can deter mice that have not had a chance to establish themselves in an area. However, the expert cautioned that the ultrasonic sound can be absorbed by furniture and other solid objects, creating dead spots in any room, where mice will be able to avoid the noise. READ MORE: ‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes What’s more, this deterrent may not be effective as the potential for food and shelter will always outway the sound irritation. Instead of using deterrents, there are effective ways to stop these rodents from entering in the first place. One of which is sealing small holes. They said: “Sealing small holes in your property to prevent easy access to mice is advisable.” However, adding steel wool as part of the repairs could be “more beneficial” than just sealing the gap. The experts said: “It is unlikely that mice will chew through steel wool but if it isn't packed tightly enough they will simply pull it out. Using a combination of steel wool and caulk (flexible sealant) is a more effective solution to sealing gaps. “To repel mice from using air bricks or vents (especially if they are damaged) try using fine galvanised wire mesh to allow air to circulate whilst keeping out the mice.” As mice feed little and often, only needing about 3g of food a day to survive, crumbs and pieces of food that have fallen on the floor are more than enough to keep them nesting in homes. This means keeping the property clean so there are no crumbs left under fridges, cookers, sofas etc, is “vital” in denying them food, according to the pros. They said: “Mice are sensitive to smell, so keeping food in sturdy airtight containers (glass, metal or heavy duty plastic) will make it less likely they will smell the food inside. “But if they do find it rodents won’t be able to easily gnaw through the packaging to get to the food.”