Eddie Jones was contracted to coach England to the end of such a World Cup, but he was sacked on December 6, after five wins from 12 games in 2022. Yet, on Monday, January 16, the Australian rugby coach, Dave Rennie, was sacked, replaced by the sacked Eddie Jones, given a five-year contract. The prestigious rugby job of coaching Australia was not advertised. All the rules about making an important appointment have been broken. Clearly, no due diligence was done on a person, previously sacked by Rugby Australia. The lack of process must raise questions about the whole Rugby Australia Board. To date, there has been very little analysis of the background to all of this, other than the fact that, apparently, while the Rugby Australia Chairman, McLennan, was assuring the incumbent, Dave Rennie, that he would be coaching the Wallabies up until the World Cup, behind Rennie’s back, McLennan, for months, was reportedly talking to Jones. McLennan’s knowledge of rugby is limited. It is believed that Hamish McLennan played in the 7th XV at the Sydney private school, Shore. He now purports to be the saviour of Australian rugby. He has labelled the securing of Jones’ services as “a major coup”, labelling the 62-year-old Jones as “the best coach in the world”, arguing, “You wait, you get the Wallabies winning; we win the World Cup; we win the British and Irish Lions series; we win the Bledisloe Cup, it all comes back.” The hubris is never-ending. Yet, by his own acknowledgement, the newly-appointed Australian coach has said, “My greatest weakness is I can’t tolerate people.” In a so-called exclusive interview, Jones was asked, in relation to England, what he could have done differently, to which he said that, amongst the decisions he got wrong was the appointment of his assistant coaches, arguing that the role of his assistants “is just so important because they are doing the bulk of the coaching”. What then has Eddie Jones been appointed to do because, plainly, he doesn’t do a lot of coaching. It must be said that Jones’ teams have won trophies in both hemispheres and the only major trophy to elude him is the Rugby World Cup. However, the failures have been as commanding as the successes. The last time he coached an Australian team he was sacked, in 2005, after seven straight losses. At that time, the leading Wallabies complained that he was too prescriptive and had killed their spontaneity. It is also widely known, inside the game, that he had pushed his assistant coach, Ewan McKenzie, so hard, that McKenzie ended up in a mental health ward during the 2003 World Cup campaign. Around the same time, Wallaby legend, Roger Gould resigned after four weeks as an assistant coach. Gould said, “I couldn’t believe the way he spoke to people in front of others…you can’t take away a man’s dignity, that’s no way to manage people”. Former Wallaby prop and highly respected coach, Andrew Blades, resigned after 3 months during the same period. Blades said about his time as an assistant coach under Jones, “Working with Eddie Jones was a mistake. When the team started losing he became paranoid, claiming players and coaches were ignoring his game plans in order to sabotage him. As things unravelled, Eddie’s attacks on players and coaches intensified”. One person who worked with Eddie Jones told me this week, “I worked for him for years. When he is good, he is good; but, sadly, his dark side is totally insane……RA has a dossier on him and knows what he did to people, yet has ignored facts of behaviour that are totally unacceptable……My information is his mental bash up doll was the English manager. I am told he has not changed. He can’t.” After being sacked from the Wallabies, Eddie Jones took over the Queensland Reds in what was meant to be a three-year deal. Again, Jones reportedly bullied his assistant coaches and players and lost the change room before the end of his first season. Things became so toxic in the Reds’ change room that players effectively rebelled. In the last game of the season, 2007 Super Rugby, the Reds were annihilated 92 to 3 by the Bulls, in South Africa. It’s widely believed the players “tanked” the game to ensure Eddie Jones would be forced out of the Reds. Right now, everyone is looking at the coaching record of Eddie Jones but few are considering what goes with it. He clearly displays character traits that psychologists would align with someone living with antisocial personality disorder (ASPD). People with this condition are also commonly referred to as “sociopaths” or “psychopaths”. People with ASPD are controlling, aggressive and show no guilt or remorse for their destructive behaviour. In a nutshell, people with sociopathy may have little empathy and a habit of rationalising their actions but they know the difference between right and wrong. Psychopaths have no sense of morality or empathy. People with ASPD, both sociopaths and psychopaths, find it challenging to maintain friendships and working relationships. Hence the quote by Eddie Jones, “I can’t tolerate people.” Does this auger well for Australian rugby? If the coach displays traits like low empathy, low emotional intelligence, a lack of concern for the wellbeing of others, a tendency to intimidate and threaten in order to maintain control, a difficulty in learning from mistakes – is Eddie Jones your ideal coach in 2023? Has Eddie Jones learnt from his mistakes during his first stint in charge of the Wallabies? The statistics would suggest that this leopard has not changed his spots. Consider this. During his seven years at the helm of the English team, he churned through 18 coaches and 112 players. The stories told by former England captain, Dylan Hartley, are appalling and confirm that the traits of Eddie Jones, in recent times, are consistent with those of the past. In an interview shortly after he finished with England in 2020, Dylan Hartley said that he “felt like a piece of meat, thrown in the bin because it was past its sell-by date…I’d had enough of being governed by Eddie”. Hartley revealed the brutal manner in which his international career was ended by Eddie Jones, who simply told him, “You’re fucked mate.” Hartley is but one of a multitude of former England players, and coaches, who have been given the Eddie Jones treatment. It seems his behaviour in the England job is consistent with his behaviour the last time he coached the Wallabies. It is right to be dedicated to winning. It is right to demand discipline. It is right to be in charge. But you don’t have to be a savage to be a winning coach. Rugby Australia has a duty of care to the players and back room staff. It is obvious that I don’t believe RA have made the right decision and I question the competence of Hamish McLennan to run our game. Scott Wisemantel was the Wallabies’ attach coach until a week ago. He has worked under Eddie Jones before. Did Wisemantel bail out once he became aware that Jones would be the new Wallaby coach? Is Scott Wisemantel the canary in the mine shaft? How long will it be before Jones starts churning through the current coaching staff and playing roster? Hamish McLennan has hired this bloke without doing due diligence. Playing in the 7th XV at Shore does not make you the saviour of Australian rugby. What matters with leadership is competence and character. Jones passes the test on competence. He clearly knows the game, but his character traits are revealing. Three questions need answering: 1. In 2023, would you want your son coached by Eddie Jones? 2. Will Jones be a positive influence on the next crop of emerging coaches? 3. Will he promote and grow our game, from the grassroots up, or will he promote himself? I’ve always had a problem with the way this fellow treats people. He seems to have got away with it because he has won enough games for governing bodies to turn a blind eye; but this is the man who has been appointed for five years, months out from a World Cup having been sacked by one of the great rugby nations, England, seeking the same prize. When you have been previously sacked as the Wallaby coach in 2005; when you sign a three-year deal to coach Queensland, but following one disastrous season, you are gone; when you then go to Saracens in the UK as Director of Rugby, but following a pile of run-ins, you quit within months; and then you are sacked from the blue-ribbon job of coaching England; but then find that the head of the Rugby Australia Board, McLennan, believes that, “When England cut him, it was like he dropped out of heaven.” Eddie Jones can’t be blamed for escaping scrutiny and being rewarded with an unadvertised job which once was regarded as the best coaching trophy in the rugby world; but history would suggest this will end at great financial cost to Australia; but what will be the cost to rugby which, in Australia, is already at its lowest ebb ever. We all would want Eddie Jones to succeed, but history suggests the casualties, along the way, will outweigh the triumphs.