Spare, Prince Harry’s memoir that was first announced in the summer of 2021, will be published on Tuesday, January 10. Publishers promised the “raw, unflinching” book would be “full of insight, revelation, self-examination and hard-won wisdom”, but as leaked excerpts have reportedly revealed, the Duke of Sussex also writes about the peril he faced in the years leading up to, and after, his and Meghan Markle’s royal exit. In the memoir, Harry allegedly details a physical altercation with his brother Prince William, his father King Charles III’s desperate plea for his sons not to “make my final years a misery”, and recounts the infamous falling out between his wife and Kate, Princess of Wales. The revelations come as explosive clips from two separate interviews shed light on Harry’s fractured relationship with his family, the decision to step down as a working royal, and whether he sees a future within the British monarchy. Both interviews — one with ITV’s Tom Bradby and one on 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper — will air on Sunday. As the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s dramatic departure from royal life is once again thrust into the spotlight, commentators have looked back on the three-year debacle and questioned whether all of the details are adding up. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror and co-host of the publication’s royal podcast Pod Save The King, has challenged the Sussexes’ timeline of events, calling into question whether their story is fully factual. READ MORE: Harry and Kate's relationship went from family to 'frosty' — but where did it go wrong? Speaking on the latest episode of the podcast, he noted Harry’s “longstanding relationship” with Mr Bradby, recalling the documentary the Sussexes appeared in alongside the journalist in 2019. It “seems a long time ago but doesn't seem a long time ago,” he said, adding: “That' was the first time we were seeing the real cracks appear.” During Harry and Meghan: An African Journey, the Duke and Duchess visited the continent to oversee the work of Sentebale — the charity Harry started 15 years ago. The couple also met anti-apartheid and human rights activist Desmond Tutu, who died in December 2021, and saw how he had improved lives in the local villages. Meghan notably admitted to Mr Bradby that she “wasn’t ok” during the ITV programme, saying she and Harry were just “surviving” the intense media attention, adding she had “no idea” of the struggles she would face as a member of the Royal Family. Also during the documentary, the Prince addressed the speculation of a royal rift between him and his brother, saying: “We are certainly on different paths at the moment but I will always be there for him as I know he will always be there for me. We don't see each other as much as we used to because we are so busy but I love him dearly.” Mr Myers noted: “That was about 18 months after the wedding.” He then went on to discuss a clip from The Me You Can’t See — Harry’s documentary series with Oprah Winfrey on Apple TV+ — which aired in May 2021. “I saw another clip today actually, which I hadn't seen [before], of Harry saying: ‘We tried to make it work for four years’, and I think sometimes they [Harry and Meghan] get a little bit confused,” the royal commentator said. Mr Myers chronicled the Sussexes’ time as working royals, mentioning their engagement in 2017 and marriage in 2018, arguing that the “wheels were coming off” by autumn of that year. “They pretty much chucked in the towel soon after that, and it was the turn of 2019 into 2020 — January 8 — that… they dropped that Instagram statement and then left just a few weeks later,” he said. “So, I don’t reckon it was four years. They were recording videos — as we've seen the Netflix series — long, long before they were planning to leave or announced they were leaving.” He concluded: “So give it a fair crack of the whip. I suppose if your mind's made up, your mind’s made up, isn't it?” Since their exit, Harry and Meghan have resided in Montecito, California. They have returned to the UK on a few occasions but have spent the majority of their time overseas. Now, Harry has claimed that his family are showing “no willingness to reconcile,” but does want to work on his relationships with William and Charles. Asked in the latest ITV clip if he would be attending his father's coronation in May, he said: “There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. “There is a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it.” In a previous clip, he said: “I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back.” Neither Buckingham Palace nor Kensington Palace has commented on the Duke of Sussex’s allegations.