Lisa Marie Presley's final resting place will be at the famed home of Elvis Presley, Graceland, that on Friday became a gathering place for fans distraught over her death a day earlier. The singer-songwriter died at the age of 54 just days after she attended the Golden Globe Awards. Lisa Marie, died Thursday, hours after being hospitalised for a medical emergency. The news of her death was confirmed by her mother Priscilla Presley, the only child she shared with the late singer Elvis. Fans have reportedly flocked to Graceland to pay their respects and share memories of Elvis' only child. Lisa will now reportedly be buried at her father's home next to her son Benjamin Keough, who died at the age of 27 by suicide in 2020. READ MORE: Nicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death Following a self-inflicted gunshot wound, his mother suffered "unrelenting grief" ahead of her own death. Now, a representative for Lisa Marie's daughter, actress Riley Keough, has confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that her "final resting place will be at Graceland, next to her beloved son Ben". Elvis' only daughter inherited Graceland after his death in 1977, when she was just nine-years-old. Now, the famous mansion will be split between Lisa Marie’s 14-year-old twins Harper Vivienne and Finley, and her actress daughter Riley, 33.  In 2020, Benjamin was laid to rest in the Meditation Garden at Graceland with his family including his grandfather, Elvis Presley, great-grandmother, Gladys Presley, great-grandfather, Vernon Presley and great-great-grandmother, Minnie Mae Presley. In an essay published a few months ago, Lisa Marie admitted her daughters were the only thing keeping her going after the unspeakable tragedy of losing her son. She described living in the "horrific reality of [grief’s] unrelenting grip," in the hope, she said, that speaking about bereavement would become more normalised in society. Her resting place, Graceland, is a mansion on a 13.8-acre estate in Memphis, Tennessee. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles[LATEST]Fergie pens moving tribute to her 'devoted friend' Lisa Marie Presley[TRIBUTES]Elvis ex shares memories of Lisa Marie with King upstairs at Graceland[TRIBUTES]  Lisa Marie's heartbroken mother Priscilla said in a statement: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Celebrities have paid tribute to Lisa Marie following the sad news. Her ex-husband Nicolas Cage said: "This is devastating news. "Lisa had the greatest laugh of anyone I ever met. She lit up every room, and I am heartbroken." He added to The Hollywood Reporter: "I find some solace believing she is reunited with her son Benjamin." Other heartfelt tributes have been penned by John Travolta, Dolly Parton and Pink, just to name a few.