Tennis talent Emma Raducanu may have clinched her one and only major title when she shocked the world at the 2021 U.S. Open. That's according to the results of a new poll, which suggested more than three quarters of tennis fans believe she won't make any more additions to her Grand Slam collection. Raducanu was only 18 years old when she emerged from obscurity at Flushing Meadows and beat Leylah Fernandez to a historic Grand Slam success. However, the Briton has failed to advance beyond the second round of any major in five attempts since then. This latest assessment of her major prospects came after Raducanu exited the 2023 Australian Open following a straight-sets defeat to American Coco Gauff. It's the second time in as many appearances that the Canada-born up-and-comer has departed the Melbourne major in the second round, having only made her debut last year. It was enough to convince 72 percent of those who participated in an Express Sport survey that Raducanu will never win another major. But the remaining 28 percent—equal to 1,752 votes—remain confident she will go on to lift at least one more Grand Slam in her career. READ MORE Andy Murray sparks bitter row with Aus Open bosses after sensational win over Kokkinakis  It seems harsh to condemn a 20-year-old talent who's still only starting out in her career, particularly one who has struggled so much since her famous win in New York. In addition to the rising pressure of being a new 'face of tennis', Raducanu has endured a litany of injury setbacks and is yet to cement a consistent coaching partnership. The youngster deserved praise for even making the line-up in Melbourne considering she badly rolled her ankle in New Zealand just 11 days prior to the first Grand Slam of 2023. That marked a nightmarish start to her season, having also struggled against hip, back and wrist injuries over the course of 2022, not to mention several absences due to blistering. It seems too coincidental that Raducanu's performance levels at the majors have also dipped since she burst onto the scene with that U.S. Open title. She reached Wimbledon's fourth round in her major debut earlier in 2021, then beat the likes of Maria Sakkari, Belinda Bencic, Shelby Rogers and Fernandez without dropping a set in the Big Apple. DON'T MISS Australian Open conspiracy theories swirl as 'Netflix curse' claims another four victims Alexander Zverev gives snappy press conference after early exit in Aus Open comeback Andy Murray was scared of having a heart attack due to extreme heat at Australian Open    There's no telling just how damaging the rise in profile has been for Raducanu, who is already experienced in Grand Slams at an age when many athletes are yet to even make their major debuts. Consigning her in the wake of a defeat to the extremely talented Gauff also feels unfair when the 2022 French Open runner-up has herself been touted for a huge future. “Last year was my first full year on tour. I think last year was [Raducanu's] first full year, as well,” Gauff gushed about her opponent after advancing to the third round in Melbourne. “I think it’s something that people need to remember and be reminded of. “I think fans are eager to see a new face of the game. I think it’s also a reminder, even if we didn’t play tennis, we’re just normal teenagers living our life. If we made a mistake, people would say, ‘You’re just 20, you’re 18 years old, you can bounce back.’”