Over the past two weeks, Mark has angered viewers as the violent and aggressive Mr Hepworth in Happy Valley. It’s clear he loathes Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) and is desperate to get him in trouble. While Mark shared details of his character on BBC Breakfast, the hosts asked police advisor Lisa Farrand to analyse the actor. Charlie asked Linda: “Do you judge someone by their coat? In your police experience?” “No, I judge someone by their watch and their shoes,” Linda replied. “Shoes is a really good thing.” Naga pointed to Mark’s boots and asked: “How are we working out here?” “I’m hiding them here, they’re absolutely battered,” Mark said as Linda leaned in to inspect his boots. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview Naga shared: “That just means you don’t waste money and you like something and… comfy.” Linda agreed his shoes appeared “comfy” as Mark stated they had “very judgemental” eyes. The former police officer continued: “Shoes and a watch tells a lot about a person.” “Can you give a character description just based on the shoes, just very quickly, a run down?” Charlie begged. Linda replied: “Erm, comfortable,” before laughing. “I was expecting more, to be honest with you, I was expecting more,” Charle hit back. Linda reasserted: “Comfortable,” as Mark joked: “Well, not anymore.” “The body language has gone a bit awkward,” Charlie noted as Mark folded his arms defensively. DON'T MISS...We look at Sarah Lancashire's life outside Happy Valley [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil’s worrying link to Tommy [THEORY]Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [EXCLUSIVE] “Trustworthy? Honest?” Naga asked Linda, who quickly replied: “No.” “There you go, that’s the end of that relationship,” the BBC host remarked before moving the segment along quickly. But Charlie added: “It’s all turned a little bit frosty.” “You have actually got a little bit of a sweat on after that interrogation haven’t you?” Naga commented. Also in the interview, Mark spoke about the first time he met Catherine Cawood star Sarah Lancashire. “I made the mistake of, I’d re-watched all of series one and two leading up to my first day of shooting, which was with Sarah and so the night before, I turned my TV off, with her on the screen and then the next day, I walked in and that formidable character was stood in front of you,” Mark shared. “It was a really difficult spell to break because Sarah, she’s got this amazing ability to be able to carry all of the weight of those two series and everything that’s going on and she just plugs in. All of a sudden, you’re this character who’s supposed to be squirming under her guise. It wasn’t difficult to do.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.