Former American Idol contestant CJ Harris, who made it to the top 6 in 2014, has died. His death was confirmed by a family member to TMZ, with the outlet claiming the singer was rushed to hospital after his apparent heart attack but that didn't make it. A family member revealed to TMZ that CJ suffered an apparent heart attack on January 14th in Jasper, Alabama. On Sunday night, the American Idol star was taken to a local hospital by ambulance but did not survive. The singer posted a selfie of himself in the car on January 15 on Twitter in view of his 18,500 followers. Many social media users rushed to Twitter to share their condolences about the young star. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' DetectiveWisdom said: "So many young adults are dying from heart-related illnesses lately. RIP CJ Harris." SouthernMuse1 added: "RIP, CJ Harris. I hope you found some peace and that your family can heal from the loss of you." CJ auditioned for the FOX show American Idol back in 2014 in Salt Lake City. The contestant impressed the judges with his rendition of Allman Brothers Band's Soulshine, as he received compliments from Keith Urban. Keith said of his performance: "You sing because you have to sing, not 'cause you want to sing. "And I mean that in the deepest way. And that's why it's so believable and real." Fellow judge Jennifer Lopez also "really liked" his performance, with fellow judge Harry Connick Jr also agreeing. He said: "There’s something about the entirety of what you are, it’s really a vibe that you have that was very pleasant." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson issues apology to Meghan and Harry [COMMENT] 'Most beautiful woman in world' Gina Lollobrigida has died [DEATH] Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Harris ended up making it into the final six before he was eventually eliminated, with Caleb Johnson going on to win the show. During the competition, he spoke of how important it was to have time with his son, Jordan, who helped him put the series into perspective. He said to People magazine at the time: "It really helped me out a lot to get away and have my son with me. "I would get done with my day around 7pm and would run over there and stay with him until around 1am. "It reminded me that I have something to do. I just stayed focused on working on my pitch and my rhythm on my guitar. "I loved spending time with him because I don’t know when I’ll see him again." CJ kept a low profile following the show, but continued exploring his passion for music, sharing videos while performing original songs and covers on his social media accounts. He shared his last photo on Instagram just three days ago, where he could be seen with his guitar on stage in Alabama.