On Sunday’s instalment of Call The Midwife, viewers followed the journey of Spencer Wray (Keenan Munn-Francis) who started displaying some concerning behaviour following the birth of his daughter. However, as his mental health started to decrease throughout the episode, Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) was stabbed while trying to protect the newborn At the start of the episode, fans saw a young couple welcome their new daughter into the world, although soon after her birth, dad Spencer started to say and act unusually. Showing concern, his mum and fiance called Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) who tried to give him some medication to help him sleep. However, after deciding not to take them the situation later increased resulting in Spencer believing his newborn was a demon. Turning aggressive, Cyril managed to get the two women out of the room as the new dad protectively held his daughter.  READ MORE:Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly Uncertain that no harm would come to the baby, Cyril managed to wrestle her out of his arms as he left the flat to give her to the mother outside. Returning into the room to try and calm Spencer down during his psychotic break, Cyril was stabbed in the shoulder with a pair of scissors. Exiting the room wounded, he demanded that no one let the new dad out of the flat as Matthew Aylward ( Olly Rix) then entered to try and restrain him while the police were on their way. Unsure whether or not the fan-favourite would survive, many viewers took to social media to express their concerns.  Maisiepayne tweeted: “NO CYRIL NOT CYRIL WHAT ABOUT CYRIL AND REGGIE BEST FRIENDS FOREVER.” DebbieBlackma14 added: “Anything happens to Matthew and Cyril then we riot.” Helenjanexx said: “Ah don’t hurt Cyril!!! The man is a real-life angel.” Julianhilaire commented: “We let out a collective ‘NOOOOO NOT CYRIL.‘ Shout.”  DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice sparks ‘fix’ row as fans slam Michelle Heaton’s score [REACTION] Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [INSIGHT] Shirley Ballas queries US career after sharing how much she misses son [VIDEO] Ruby_Hutchison added: “Awww no !! Cyril. Does this mean Lucille will be back soon? I really hope Spencer gets the help he needs.” With Twitter user whatlyddid saying: “I think everyone in a 5-mile radius heard us scream "NOOOO! NOT CYRIL!" just then!” In the end, Matthew managed to wrestle the young man onto the floor just as the police were entering the building and cuffed Spencer. Later on, viewers learnt that Cyril was discharged from the hospital after his arm was put in a sling.  Entering his home, Violet Buckle (Annabelle Apsion) tried to make him comfortable with extra pillows as Cyril thanked her before replying: “I was Lucille was here.” With Spencer now arrested, Dr Turner saw him in his cell screaming at a wall as the new dad was talking to people that weren’t there. Viewers learnt that after speaking to a psychiatrist, he was most likely suffering from schizophrenia and was being moved from the prison cell the next morning. Call The Midwife continues Sundays on BBC One from 8pm 