Arsenal have been told that in defender William Saliba, they have a “young Rio Ferdinand” in high praise for the France centre-back. The 21-year-old has been a vital addition to the team that sits top of the Premier League table, having returned from three loan spells with Ligue 1 sides to become a bedrock in the heart of the defence alongside Gabriel. Ben White has seen his role change from last season due to Saliba’s inclusion, as the England man was switched to right-back to accommodate his team-mate. Arsenal have the second-best defensive record in the league, after Newcastle, and a big component has been Saliba’s ability to snuff out attacks. When asked by talkSPORT to compare Saliba with Newcastle’s Sven Botman before the two sides locked horns on Tuesday, former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor paid a big compliment to the Frenchman. “Saliba [preferred to Botman], I do like Botman though. I think he is strong, aggressive, quick, but Saliba is a young Rio Ferdinand for me.” Saliba and Arsenal recorded another clean sheet against Newcastle, though despite his performances and the Gunners sitting at the league's summit, there will be worries about his long-term future. Despite only recently breaking into the first team, he joined the club in 2019 and the Frenchman’s contract expires in 2024, as the club recently activated one-year extensions in both his and Bukayo Saka’s contracts. Negotiations are ongoing with both players and Gabriel Martnelli, Arteta confirmed before his side hosted Newcastle. “We have a few of those where we are willing to extend the contract. William is one of them,” said Arteta. “In the months he’s been with us, he’s shown the quality and the personality he has to play at the level that we want. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment "We are trying to do that because we know that he can be a really important part of our plans. I hope so [can be tied down to a new deal]. That’s more for Edu and the board to discuss with him, but what I know is the player is really happy; the player wants to be here, and that’s the main thing.” Arsenal will hope to keep their ‘young Rio Ferdinand’ at the club long-term though his performances so far this campaign will have potential suitors lurking amid his lack of a new contract, while there was speculation surrounding his future in the summer. Paris Saint-Germain have been in contact with the defender’s representatives according to Media Foot, while Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona have been linked with moves for the World Cup ace in the summer transfer window.