Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has signed a deal to write a memoir about his time in 10 Downing Street. The book has no confirmed title or publication date but has been described as a “prime ministerial memoir like no other”. A new Express.co.uk poll, however, has shown that readers are divided over whether they will read Mr Johnson’s story. The memoir will be published by HarperCollins and recount his time in office, with Arabella Pike, publishing director at William Collins, an imprint of HarperCollins UK saying it will be a “prime ministerial memoir like no other”. She added: “I look forward to working with Boris Johnson as he writes his account of his time in office during some of the most momentous events the United Kingdom has seen in recent times. The New Statesman reported on Tuesday, January 24, that it will take the form of a diary. Alongside exclusive extracts, they report that it has been provisionally titled “Lying in State”, and could be released before the end of the year. The amount Mr Johnson was paid for the book has not been shared by HarperCollins but industry insiders told The Guardian last year that the former Conservative Party leader could expect “a high six-figure or even a seven-figure deal”. READ MORE: Boris to unleash bombshells in new book of his time at Number 10  In a poll that ran from 3:30pm on Tuesday, January 17, to 1pm on Tuesday, January 24, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Will you read Boris Johnson’s memoir?” Overall, readers were divided with 52 per cent (1,212 people) answering “no” they would not, compared to 47 per cent (1,098 people) who said “yes” they would read his memoir. A further one per cent (27 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Mr Johnson’s memoir. Some readers commented that they were not interested in reading Mr Johnson’s book, with username SlanQuince writing: “I would not waste a precious second of my life reading his tosh.” Username sopjade said: “No. I will not waste my money.” Likewise, username Made in Britain wrote: “No! I have better use of my money.” Meanwhile username BenP-67b said: “If I can find a copy I can borrow then maybe - certainly not going to pay for it.” DON'T MISS: Keir Starmer’s calls for closer relationship with EU rejected [INSIGHT]Tory peer fumes over deadline for bonfire of EU laws [LATEST]Rishi Sunak orders investigation into Nadhim Zahawi's taxes [REPORT] Other readers, however, were looking forward to reading Mr Johnson’s memoir, like username Pino72u, who said: “Yes definitely. I want to hear his side of the story.” Another, username Warwickmaiden said: “Yes! He's got an excellent use of language and I'm sure there'll be plenty of laughs in it!” Username RY28 added: “I'm looking forward to buying his book.” And username justmy2cents said: “Absolutely, the moment it becomes available for pre-order I will buy it, and look forward to reading it. Boris Johnson is a very intelligent person and I have no doubt his memoir will give a different view of the person.”  A close MP ally of Mr Johnson told The Telegraph last week: “Boris Johnson lives inside lots of people's heads rent-free so writing a book will be a good opportunity to put his version of events on the table for the record.” Before becoming a Tory MP, Mr Johnson worked as a journalist for The Daily Telegraph and was the editor of The Spectator from 1999 to 2005. He has already published 11 books including The Churchill Factor which explored the career and success of Winston Churchill, and the novel Seventy-Two Virgins. Other UK Prime Ministers have written memoirs about their time in office with Sir Tony Blair securing a deal of around £5million and David Cameron reportedly earned £1.5million for his memoir.