From styling to the products I love, everyone wants thicker, fuller hair! See my top tips and secret bargains to achieving the best out of your locks. For a lot of us, products will be our best friend when it comes to achieving thicker hair. Nothing enhances and amplifies your hair like the ColorWow Xtra Large. Known for innovative products, ColorWow really does deliver with this latest bombshell addition to its range. The foam-like lightweight substance can be used on wet or dry hair, and once activated with heat - will amplify your hair strands to look twice as thick. The great thing about this product is it’s free from alcohol and nasty resins found in other volume styling aids that typically dry our hair out to make it feel fuller. Instead, this frothy formula delivers added heat protection! I actually use this on everyone, because regardless of your hair type, everyone wants to feel like they have fuller thicker hair - it’s a must-have! Once we’ve put in the effort with our wet styling aids, a best friend in the hair drawer for all of us is going to be the Tweak'd By Nature 2XL Fiber Lift Dry Volumising Spray, £23, to be used on dry hair. Typically when we’re happy with our hairstyles, a lot of us will reach for the hairspray can and drench our style to lock it in place. Actually inside these cans are wet moisture that we happily coat our hair in. To avoid this, use a more dry, texturising spray that isn’t going to drown our lovely styles and instead will be a support system for making it last all day and all night. The tweaked spray is fabulous for this as the dry volumising spray gives fine, limp, lifeless hair oodles of volume without the back-combing, not only making it look but also feel a lot thicker. For me, sometimes day two or three hair actually has the grit I need for it to feel and look thicker. To keep this momentum up and to get the most out of your hair, try the Batiste Overnight Spray, £4.25, to help keep locks fresh between washes. Sleeping on our styles can flatten them, so reawaken your style in the morning with a spritz of this Batiste dry shampoo. It's a great way to keep styling down to a minimum. The less heat, the less breakage, the thicker our hair will be! For us ladies who aren’t blessed with such thick hair, there are clever disguise sprays we can use to give the illusion of thicker locks. Typically finer hair will be less dense, meaning the scalp is visible through the hair. Where the scalp is normally lighter than our hair colour, it’s often visible and amplifies the look of thin hair. To conceal this the L’Oréal Paris Magic Retouch Temporary Instant Root Concealer Spray, £4.50, is fab for a quick fix. These will colour the scalp, giving you a matte coverage. This will give the illusion the hair is thicker and fuller. These are a must-have in my kit bag as they conceal any unwanted sparse areas! New year, new you, new hair?! Often the new year will inspire us to change our looks and become a better version of ourselves. As much as I want you all to be your best self, try to avoid over-bleaching your locks! Besides the obvious, that over-bleaching causes breakage, having lighter hair will actually make it appear more sparse and see-through. While we think bleaching our strands will make them thicker and enhance the texture, it will actually make them weaker and more see-through. The best way to add colour is highlights, as opposed to all-over block colour. We’ve seen it become a must-have trend over the last few years, and adding balayage to our hair will help add definition and give the illusion our hair has more depth and subsequently, appear thicker. Ever feel like the salon always makes your hair look thicker? To get your hair looking salon thick at home, try adding movement into your hair in some form. From a curl to a beach wave, adding movement in our strands will give the appearance of a thicker head of hair. The best way to achieve thickness is to wave your hair in alternate directions to get that beachy thicker look. To do this, curl your hair first away from and then towards your face, while keeping the ends straight. This type of wave will never go out of fashion and the more "undone" the better - so you really can’t go wrong! For anyone nervous, try this technique with the heated appliance turned off. This will help you get the technique without burning yourself. These are my favourite tools: For the more advanced hairstylists among us, the use of clip-ins will give you instant fullness. Clip-ins shouldn’t be scary. They’re for all ages and a little secret between us…most of your loved TV personalities wear them, no matter their age! Milk and Blush have up to 35 percent off for 2023 and Gee Hair offers piece volumizer clip-ins from £33 that add instant thickness. Sometimes all you need is a little something that’s totally discreet to add a bit of thickness! These are great as they don’t have any commitment, whip them in, whip them out. For a more drastic look, Lullabellz offers a synthetic range. Modelled by love island's Tasha - Lullabellz offers clip-in bouncy blowdries and also 30” ponytails making sure everyone is covered. For £18 you can have a clip-in bouncy blow dry that never loses its bounce, with the Think 16" 1 Piece Curly Clip In Hair Extensions. These are great for instant results without the commitment or damage… and without the effort! Clip it in and go!