Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is preparing for his side’s blockbuster showdown with Arsenal. The Red Devils will go into the game looking to put Mikel Arteta’s team to the sword and boost there chances of a first Premier League title since 2013. However, Express Sport will now take a look at four blows the Dutchman has had to suffer ahead of the game at the Emirates Stadium. United had, until recently, won every single game they’d competed in since the World Cup in Qatar. But the Red Devils saw their winning run ended after a 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Wednesday night. Bruno Fernandes’ goal had, for most of the game, looked like it would be enough to give United all three points. Yet Michael Olise’s sensational late free kick curled past David De Gea to peg Ten Hag’s team back. United have now lost some of their momentum as a result. Had they beaten Palace and Arsenal, they’d have been just three points behind the Gunners. Should they win on Sunday, that gap will be five instead. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Casemiro has been a huge asset for United ever since moving from Real Madrid back in the summer transfer window. However, the Brazil international will miss the game against Arsenal after picking up his fifth yellow card of the season against Arsenal. That’s a huge blow for United, especially given nobody in the squad can do what Casemiro does on a consistent basis. It’s possible Lisandro Martinez will be used as an anchorman in the wake of Casemiro’s suspension, having played there for Ajax in the past. And Scott McTominay and Fred are options, too. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Ten Hag confirmed Anthony Martial was a doubt for the fixture - having missed the Palace draw earlier in the week. And that is certainly giving the Red Devils a scare as they look to stop Arsenal from running riot. Martial has done well for United this season, scoring a respectable five goals across all competitions despite being plagued by injuries. Though the Red Devils have Wout Weghorst on board, the Netherlands international is more of a static figure up top. With Martial missing training, it looks increasingly likely he’ll be absent for the clash at the Emirates. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United fans were buzzing to see Jadon Sancho resume training in midweek, having last featured in the 1-1 draw against Chelsea back in October. But Ten Hag has suggested the 22-year-old isn’t in contention to face Arsenal. "I can’t answer that question. He is making the next step and because it is true, yesterday was the first time in the team training,” he said. "But I think training was a final training before a game, so we will extend that in the coming days and weeks and then go step by step." With Sancho looking set to miss the game, it leaves United one attacker short as they prepare for their biggest test of the season so far. United remain the only team to have beaten Arsenal in the Premier League this season. Back in September, they welcomed the Gunners - who had already soared to the top of the table. Antony put United ahead on his debut, having joined from Ajax for a massive £86million just days previously. Bukayo Saka then drew the Gunners level, sparking wild celebrations in the away end. But a late brace from Marcus Rashford then proceeded to give United all three points at the expense of Arteta’s side.