Andy Murray fumed at the umpire over the bathroom break rules after forcing a fifth set in his Australian Open second-round match at 3am local time. The five-time finalist in Melbourne swore as he claimed it was "disrespectful" that the players couldn't go to the toilet more than once during a match despite his clash with Thanasi Kokkinakis lasting almost five hours and counting. Murray was left raging with the Australian Open's rules as he made his feelings clear to chair umpire Eva Asderaki-Moore after forcing a fifth and final set against Kokkinakis in their second-round match. The world No 66 came from two sets and 2-5 down in the third to level things at 4-6 6-7(4) 7-6(5) 6-3 after four hours and 38 minutes at exactly 2.59am Melbourne time. While he refused to give up, the Brit had already complained about the time during the fourth set and extended his rant ahead of the fifth as he pointed out that it was "disrespectful" that he couldn't take another toiler break almost five hours into the match while he was expected to play into the early hours. "Do you know something? I respect the rules," he started, addressing the umpire. "But it’s a joke. It is a joke and you know it as well." While players are strictly limited to one toilet break per match, Murray explained that the rule became unfair when a match went on as long and late as his. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic demands apology after being 'lynched' at Aus Open  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/footballStay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time.We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.