Savers with first direct could potentially be eligible for a product with a seven percent interest rate. High street banks and building societies have been boosting the rates of their savings accounts in recent months due to the cost of living crisis. Inflation is one of the main contributing factors to this economic turmoil with savers at risk of seeing less and less returns as it rises. Thanks to first direct’s Regular Saver Account, customers with the bank can put away between £25 to £300 each month, for a fixed 12-month term. In return, they will be given a fixed interest rate of seven percent for a product which they save up to £3,600 per year into. If a saver puts away £300 every month for 12-months and qualifies for the seven percent rate, they will earn around £136.50 in interest. It should be noted first direct’s Regular Saver Account is only accessible to current account holders. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come When a saver closes their savings account before the end of the 12 month period, the bank only pays you interest at our standard Savings Account variable rate. As well as this, customers will not be able to make partial withdrawals after they open up a Regular Saver Account. This deal is available for existing first direct 1st Account customers only but people can switch to this product using the Current Account Switch Service. If new customers deposit £1,000 within three months of account opening, they will receive £175 from first direct. On its website, first direct shares how people can best manage their account and whether those already on the Regular Saver Account can benefit from this hiked rate. The bank stated: “You can view your account in our App and Online Banking. To amend your standing order payment please chat with us via our App, Message Us via Online Banking or give us a call and we’ll be happy to help. “You can change the amount of the monthly standing order between £25 and £300 (in multiples of £5) but you can only make one standing order payment to your account in any one month. The date of your standing order payment needs to remain the same once set up. “The new seven percent interest rate will automatically be applied from December 1 for the remainder of the 12-month term. As interest is calculated daily, you will receive the previous interest rate up to and including November 30.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Yesterday, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation slowed down to 10.5 percent for December 2022. While still extremely high, this is the second month in a row in which the inflation rate has dropped which suggests that the UK may have seen its peak. Savings accounts have struggled to directly compete with inflation at this level even with financial institutions passing on interest rate increases from the Bank of England to their products. Rachel Springall, a finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, shared how banks and building societies are reacting to this change to the country’s inflation rate. She explained: “Inflation continues to degrade the true spending power of savers’ cash, but this should not deter them from seeking out a new savings deal. “Interest rates on some of the top fixed deals have dipped since last month, as savings providers moved to adjust their market positions. “Savers will need to act swiftly to grab the latest deals, as more movement is expected over the coming weeks. “Those savers who are prepared to lock their cash away for a guaranteed return can still find fixed rate bonds and ISAs paying above four percent, where the top rate tables continue to be dominated by challenger banks and building societies.”