NCIS Hawaii is in the middle of its second outing on CBS, with fans still on a high from the three-way crossover episode last week. This time around, there will be an unfamiliar face at the centre of season two, episode 11. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about Mark Gessner. WARNING: This contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.NCIS Hawaii is back for season two episode 11 which will be called Rising Sun and will air on Monday, January 16, on CBS. In this instalment, CGIS Agent Neil Pike (played by Mark Gessner) is ambushed while working undercover for a local Japanese crime family. It is then up to the team to find person who is responsible for organising the attacks. With Agent Pike at the heart of Rising Sun, viewers are keen to know all there is about the star behind him. READ MORE: Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts CGIS Agent Pike is portrayed by actor Mark Gessner who first showed up in the spin-off in season one of NCIS Hawaii. He was in four episodes of the first outing, making an initial appearance in episode seven, Rescuers. Gessner, much to fans' delight, then made a comeback for season two in episode four, Primal Fear. But Rising Sun will be the first episode where the main storyline centres around him. Prior to joining the cast of NCIS Hawaii, Gessner has been working in the industry on shows and films since 2007. Some of his parts have been in Law and Order: SVU, The Blacklist, Benders, Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll, Social Mediation and Super Pumped: The Battle for Uber. The CBS drama isn't the first time Gessner has been part of the NCIS franchise though. He previously made a handful of appearances in NCIS New Orleans between 2018 and 2019. DON'T MISS...Gary Cole's age as he returns as NCIS Agent Alden Parker [AGE]NCIS Los Angeles fans outraged as key cast members ‘missing’ [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey teases Tennant and Whistler team-up [UPDATE] Gessner played journalist Oliver Crane who was focusing on writing articles about Agent Dwayne Pride (Scott Bakula), much to his annoyance. However, Oliver started getting attention from the wrong kind of people as a result and faked his own death after a source of his was murdered. The team went digging for answers and thankfully caught those responsible, which Oliver was grateful for. So much so, that he put an end to his days of writing about Agent Pride and his team. As well as the story around Agent Pike, Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant) has got his own issues to worry about, away from work. The synopsis states: "Kai goes deeper into his investigation regarding an old friend turned criminal." But will Kai get sucked into a world he doesn't want anything to do with thanks to his previous connections? NCIS Hawaii season two continues every Monday night on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced.