Campaigners have warned confidence in the criminal justice system is being destroyed as just one in 64 rape victims face their attackers in court. New figures revealed barely more than a 1,000 of the 70,000 rapes recorded last year resulted in a suspect being charged. Police recorded 70,633 rapes in the year to September. But only 1,130 suspects were charged, heaping fresh pressure on ministers, police chiefs, prosecutors and judges to restore confidence in the criminal justice system. Overall, 199,021 sex crimes were reported to police - a new record high. This is up 22 percent compared with the year ending March 2020 (163,244), prior to the coronavirus pandemic, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Diana Fawcett, chief executive of charity Victim Support, said: “This huge rise in recorded sexual offences comes as the percentage of cases seeing justice has plummeted to an abysmal new low. “Charges for rape and sexual offences have been falling sharply for the past six years – the system is in crisis. We are on a path to destroying victims’ faith in the criminal justice system all together. “Police and the CPS have a duty to survivors who have experienced life-changing trauma – they must do better and start delivering justice.” The alarming figures, published by the Home Office, also show an increasing number of rape victims are giving up hope of justice. Figures analysed by the Daily Express show that 41.6 per cent of victims are refusing to support prosecutions amid concerns over how long it will take and the intrusive process. This is higher than the one in three sexual assault victims who drop out of proceedings. The ONS urged “caution” when interpreting the data, stressing that the rise in reports of sexual offences could be affected by a “number of factors” including improvements in how police record crime as well as victims being more willing to come forward and report incidents in light of high-profile cases and campaigns. Statisticians said police-recorded crime figures are a “better indicator of police activity”, rather than providing a reliable insight into crime trends, according to Meghan Elkin from the ONS. She said: “While police-recorded sexual offences are the highest annual figures recorded for England and Wales, the crime survey shows no significant change in prevalence. “The police figures are influenced by a number of factors including willingness to report. And for forces where data is available, we see that 22 per cent of all sexual offences reported last year had taken place over a year prior to the incident being recorded,” she added.