Prince Harry has shared how he "had a proper laugh" teaching his great grandmother, the late Queen Mother to do an impression of Sacha Baron Cohen’s character Ali G. In his new interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, the Duke of Sussex said he taught her how to do Ali G’s iconic "flick of da wrist". Harry said the Queen Mother, who he calls "gan-gan", had an "amazing flick of the wrist". But he said the light tone of the night when he taught her the impressions as a young Prince was "very different" from the usual atmosphere. The Duke of Sussex said: "She had this amazing flick of the wrist. And I will never forget that barbeque night. It was wonderful, I felt like I was part of the family. "I felt very different to what I felt before that. I felt slightly isolated. I felt slightly different. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' "I dunno what was going on. And maybe that was, again, the sort of the suppression of the trauma and the grief but I had a proper laugh with my… with my gan-gan then." Harry first spoke about his light-hearted interactions shortly after the Queen Mother’s death in 2002. In an interview with the Telegraph, he said: "It was two or three Christmases ago and we were sitting down watching Ali G on television. "We were laughing when she came in. She couldn't understand what was going on, so we explained. "She saw Ali G click his fingers and say 'respec', and Harry and I showed her what to do. She loved it, and after three goes she had it." In his new interview with Mr Bradby, Harry does his own impression of Ali G’s flick of the wrist. But most of the interview, which comes days after Harry’s controversial memoir Spare was released early, is less playful. At one point, to Harry’s discomfort, Mr Bradby puts Prince Harry’s cocaine use, under the microscope. He said: "You tell the story of cocaine through this tabloid editor, you said, came to you and said, ‘We’ve got this picture of you taking cocaine." Harry jumps in: "He didn’t come to me, he went to somebody else." "Okay, but ‘We’re going to release it unless you give us a tell-all interview or whatever it was,” Tom continued. "They wanted, and you say you called their bluff, but are you really saying that third in the line to the throne or whatever you were, that you taking a Class A drug is not a matter of public interest? "I think that’s a question people will have. Do you accept that is a matter of public interest for the press?"   In response, Harry goes on to say that what’s in the "public interest" is defined by "the institution" and the media. He added: "That to me, is more public interest than anything else. But myself has been put through a blender as such. "So, I think the lines have been blurred so much that public interest is more about the wellbeing of society."