Toilet brushes are easy to overlook in a cleaning routine, but without regular cleaning and sanitising the bristles, nasty germs can spread each time it is used. The toilet brush also sits in water and is often in a container which is airtight, a perfect environment for bacteria to thrive in. Taking to social media, Mrs Hinch fans have shared top tips for cleaning the bathroom accessory. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Chloe Williams wrote: “What do you keep in your toilet brush holder to keep it fresh and clean?” Emma Levio also asked: “How do people clean their toilet brush? I end up throwing it away every few months.” There are a variety of different toilet brushes on the market, including ones with bristles as well as silicone ones with a water reservoir. While no toilet brush may seem hygienic, there are ways to keep them fresh. The most common response from cleaning enthusiasts was to use “cheap” bleach. Sharon Graham commented: “I just soak it in the toilet with bleach and then rinse. I then pour Zoflora and change to a new one regularly.” READ MORE: Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ Lucy Price said: “Cheap bleach and Zoflora in the container, just a capful of neat disinfectant.” Teresa Wilson added: “Zoflora is game-changing. I don’t use a bristle brush but still use it on my silicone one as it helps to remove germs. Bathroom smells lush too and is around a five minute task.” It isn’t recommended to store bleach in the bottom of the toilet brush holder but soaking it in bleach for around an hour in a bucket or bowl is ideal. Once the hour is up, take it out and rinse it under hot water to make sure no bleach is left on the brush before returning it to its holder. Britons should take precaution when using bleach, making sure to use appropriate gloves. It is also best to use bleach away from pets and children as some can be very strong. Bleach can be picked up from any supermarket for as little as 42p, and can be used for a variety of cleaning jobs. DON'T MISS:Winter-flowering plants to add ‘beautiful’ colour into your garden now [EXPERT]Eggshell trick to prevent ‘pesky’ slugs from ruining new plants now [COMMENT]Mum shares 9p ‘trick’ to remove and prevent black window sealant mould [INSIGHT] Asda’s Just Essentials Thin Bleach’s description reads: “Pour around the bowl to remove marks and stains. No need to flush away. Use last thing at night to kill all germs, deodorise and leave a clean fresh smell.” It can also be used to clean toilet brushes and unblock sinks. The 42p product comes in a two litre bottle, meaning it will last for a very long time when it comes to cleaning the toilet. When cleaning the toilet brush, Britons only need a small amount of bleach, around 200ml. This means each time it is used to clean a toilet brush, it’ll cost around 4p to do so. Others recommended using white vinegar to disinfect it and deodorise it, although it may need to be left for longer than an hour to achieve a germ-free brush. Some Mrs Hinch fans advised getting rid of a toilet brush altogether as they “carry too many germs”, with some saying they should be replaced every month. READ MORE: Eight steps to clean a mattress - ‘kill’ dust mites Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips on removing stubborn limescale from the toilet bowl. Maisie Laker said: “Need advice on how to get my toilet clean…limescale is bad in my toilet. It’s been like it since I moved in. “I’ve used every toilet gel and it’s still not breaking down…I’m using a whole bottle of cleaner every week and it’s still there, my toilet downstairs is perfect but nothing is shifting it upstairs.” Limescale, which is evident in hard water areas, can be very hard to get rid of unless tackled early. Mrs Hinch fans recommended using full fat coke as well as Harpic’s black toilet gel. Lisa Malonoey wrote: “Bottle of coke…leave it overnight, bought mine up a treat.” Sammie Prescott said: “Coke is a good trick if you haven’t tried that, don’t need an expensive brand. If not, you may need to empty the water.” Vicky Murden said: “Black Harpic is magical, it works instantly if the limescale isn’t too stubborn, and can also be left overnight.” Harpic Power Plus Toilet Cleaner Gel can remove limescale, tough stains, ruse as well as dirt build up.