Nick Kyrgios was left wondering how he ever beat Novak Djokovic after watching on as the Serbian dismantled Alex de Minaur in straight sets at the Australian Open. It was only just a week ago heading into the first round of the tournament that Djokovic raised doubts on whether he would be able to last the tournament after picking up a hamstring injury in Adelaide. He looked in considerable pain during his second-round win over Enzo Couacaud, but the Frenchman is the only man to take a set off Djokovic throughout the tournament so far. Since that victory, Djokovic has looked healthier on the court and there were not any signs that his hamstring was causing him distress against De Minaur. The 35-year-old looked back to his best as the Australian tennis star had no answers on the court. Djokovic admitted after the match that it was the best he felt physically all tournament. It proved to be a statement win for all those remaining in the draw with Djokovic the red-hot favourite to win his 10th title Down Under. And the performance even caught the attention of Kyrgios, who's currently recovering from undergoing surgery on his knee.  Taking to social media after Djokovic's win, Kyrgios tweeted: "Watching Novak tonight makes me feel good about my tennis in general. How have I beaten this guy." Kyrgios is part of an elite group as one of the only players to hold a winning record against Djokovic. The Aussie had won both of their previous matches prior to last year's Wimbledon final, but Djokovic came out on top in the showpiece clash. Kyrgios was tipped to challenge Djokovic at the Australian Open once again this year, but the 27-year-old had to withdraw due to a torn meniscus and cyst in his knee. He gave his Instagram followers an insight into the procedure he went under on Monday, sharing updates with a number of posts. Kyrgios is now set for several weeks out of action as he recovers from the operation.  But it's been reported that he's hoping to return in time for the Sunshine Double in Indian Wells and Miami in March. Kyrgios' physiotherapist Will Maher gave an in-depth explanation of Kyrgios' injury at the start of the Australian Open when he withdrew from the draw. "There’s a parameniscal cyst growing in his left meniscus, which is the result of a small tear in his lateral meniscus," Maher explained. "Even at that stage it was still worth persevering to see if we could do anything to get him back on court. "To Nick’s credit, he did try everything, to the point even last week he was having a procedure called a fenestration and drainage where they use a syringe to try and drain the cyst, which Nick has some pretty gruesome photos of."