 Austin Butler, 31, has been acting for well over a decade but just earlier this month received his first ever major acting award. After receiving the Best Actor Golden Globe, the Elvis star revealed what celebrities can really see from the podium and the terrifying pressure of an acceptance speech.  Austin’s breakout film role in Elvis, as the titular music legend, has garnered the actor a lot of praise and fame in recent months. While the actor admitted that just being nominated, let alone winning, a Golden Globe felt “like a dream”, the reality of the moment he won was a completely different emotion. Not only did the actor find himself on stage surrounded by an overwhelming amount of star power in the crowd, but he had been accompanied to the show by Priscilla Presley and Elvis’ only child Lisa Marie, shortly before her death. Speaking on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon last night, Austin revealed: “What they didn’t tell me is you get up there in front of everybody you’ve ever admired on live television and there’s a screen in the back that says 30 seconds and it counts down. READ MORE: Louise Harrison dead: Sister of Beatles legend George dies at 91 after 'hospice care'  “After 30 seconds it starts flashing in red: ‘Wrap it up! Wrap it up!’.” The actor explained that the moment was almost an out-of-body experience, so much so that as he walked off he wasn’t even sure if he had given a speech at all. He continued: “You’re up there, completely blacked out, trying to just string together some comprehendible sentences and I walked off stage thinking ‘I hope that I said something’.” In his speech, the actor gave a shout-out to Denzel Washington, which many viewers found odd as the pair have not yet shared a screen together.     However, they have shared the stage as Austin revealed one of his first professional acting jobs was in a play with Denzel. The Hollywood veteran had treated Austin with such respect and kindness that the Elvis star still has vivid memories of his generosity 13 years later. Alongside Austin’s star-studded entourage was his sister, Ashley, who was the “life of the party” according to her brother. He jokingly recalled how his sister had been off talking with a man for almost half an hour during the event.  Ashley returned to Austin saying: “She came up to me and said ‘That guy looks just like James Marsden’. “I said ‘That is James Marsden Ashley’. “She’s got a husband but he was a gentleman.” On the show, Austin also recalled his first-ever meeting with Elvis’ daughter Lisa Marie at the iconic Graceland mansion.  He said: “I’ve never had an experience where I met somebody and felt an immediate depth of relationship to them. We got so close so fast.” Austin revealed that shortly after the screening, Lisa Marie took him up to see Elvis’ private bedroom. The pair just sat in the room talking, as Austin sweetly recalled: “Up there he’s not Elvis, he was just dad.” Austin admitted that as the film gains more accolades and nominations it becomes more “bittersweet” for him. He added: “So much great stuff is happening but I’m just devastated for the family and for her to not be here celebrating with us.”