Experts are highlighting that pensioners are missing out on as much as £4,147 in extra income a year. This is primarily due to the fact that older households are failing to apply for crucial benefits support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and their local council. Extra support is available to pensioners, with benefits such as Pension Credit offering support to those on low income. According to Just Group’s 13th annual State Benefits insight report, around six in 10 pensioners were failing to claim any benefit they are eligible for. As a result, each affected household ended up missing out on an average of £1,100 a year in extra income. Some 24 percent of those interviewed as part of the report were claiming support but getting less than the entitlement they were eligible for. These particular households were found to be losing out on an extra £660 a year on average in income. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Overall, four in 10 respondents to the report were found to be missing out on a benefit entitlement worth at least £1,000 annually. Just Group noted that the highest amount of extra income, which was unclaimed by a pensioner they interviewed, was £79.76 a week. This individual was an octogenarian from Hertfordshire who was receiving no benefits support despite their old age. Financial analysts learned this particular pensioner was eligible for £51.86 a week in Pension Credit and £27.90 a week Council Tax Reduction. Taking this into account, this meant that they were entitled to a massive £4,147 a year in extra income which could significantly improve their living standards. The DWP has made a conscious effort in recent months to promote the usefulness of certain benefit payments designed to financially assist those of state pension. With energy bills on the rise and inflation-hiked prices looking set to continue, pensioners are dealing with unprecedented financial pressure. Concerns have been raised regarding how older people are coping with rising cost of living with the Government launching a £300 payment to help pensioners in this time of crisis. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Stephen Lowe, a group communications director at the retirement specialist Just Group, addressed how much extra income older households are failing to acquire in benefits support. He explained: “Every year the figures consistently show the huge amounts of benefits that are going unclaimed but would make a massive difference to those struggling, especially with the added pressure of soaring living costs. “This year the amounts unclaimed are down a little on recent years, but the proportion who aren’t getting their entitlements has risen. “That’s particularly worrying because it means many could miss out on the extra tax-free cost of living payments next year, worth up to £900, available for those claiming means-tested benefits.” There are multiple benefits and concessions pensioners can apply for to boost their income in retirement. Among the support older people may qualify for via the DWP or local council include the following: It should be noted that access to some of this support, mainly with energy bills, is linked to a claimant’s eligibility for Pension Credit.