Matthew Ellson initially tried to blame his girlfriend for causing a fatal crash that resulted in the death of a teenage girl. Ellson, 20 claimed his girlfriend Layla Grice grabbed the steering wheel from the passenger seat and "pulled it towards the lorry". The "catastrophic" case resulted in the death of 18-year-old Francesca Bugliarello, who was a passenger in the back of the car. Ms Grice was initially arrested on suspicion of manslaughter before Ellson finally admitted to causing death by dangerous driving on what was due to be the opening day of his trial at Chester Crown Court. Ellson was behind the wheel of his Vauxhall Corsa when his car collided with a lorry parked in a layby on the Haslington Bypass on June 13, 2020. Ellson was blasted by Judge Steen Everett for his "cowardice" as he was handed a suspended sentence. The court heard that Layla and Frankie and third passenger Caitlin Shorrock, were close friends and has agreed that Ellson would drive them home from a party. Owen Edwards, prosecuting said: "There was music and laughter in the car but little did she know she had minutes to live." On route to a takeaway in Crewe, Ellson decided to overtake a car on a single carriageway. Mr Edwards said Ellson was driving at a speed of 60mph. He added that as the defendant pulled back into the correct lane the car was "swerving from side to side" and eventually spun out of control with back end of the vehicle colliding with the parked lorry. Both Francesca and Caitlin were thrown out of the car upon impact. READ MORE:James Bulger's mum says she was 'suffocated by hatred' Mr Edwards told the court that a witness driving behind Ellson and the red Peugeot stopped at the scene and said the defendant told him: "I've killed her, I've killed her". After he was arrested Ellson told police he thought "the road was wider than what it was." Mr Edwards said Ellson later told Layla, with whom he split a short time after the crash, 'to be brief' when speaking to the police before changing his account to claim that she had pulled the steering wheel towards the lorry. The court heard that Ellson eventually 'realised the severity of what he'd done' and Layla was 'totally blameless'. Ellson has two previous speeding offeces, one six months prior and the other in 2022. Mr Edwards concluded: "The collision occurred because a relatively inexperienced driver took his eye off the road, oversteered, and lost control, leading to a fatal collision." Mark Connor, mitigating, told the court that Ellson "would have preferred to lost his own life" Judge Everett, sentencing, said: "Nothing I can say or do can even begin to go near or anywhere to compensate for the tragic loss of a woman who had everything to live for. "This has had a devastating effect on her family and friends. And it's not just Frankie. Nothing I can do can compensate for the devastating effect on Caitlin's family and the terrible injuries she sustained to her arm. What can a judge do to compensate? It's just not possible. "But let's be clear this terrible, terrible crash has ruined so many lives. They are awful things to have to listen to but rather more awful to have to go through." Ellson was sentenced to 10 months in prison, suspended for two years, ordered to carry out 270 hours of unpaid work, and must adhere to 20 days of rehabilitation activity requirement. He was also given a six-month electronically monitored curfew between the hours of 8pm and 5am, and banned from driving for three years.