Kate Garraway and Adil Ray were speaking to criminal barrister and former MP Jerry Hayes and co-founder of Redemption Max Dubiel about luxury prison food. The Good Morning Britain hosts heard from both sides but viewers slammed the segment for "trying to divide the country".  The guests were clashing over the fact prisoners at HMP Oakwood who are well-behaved can order from a luxury menu up to £50 every couple of weeks. The options include rump steaks, lamb shanks and 1kg of lamb chops all for £35. The prison said in a statement: "Prisoners who have earned enhanced privileges from good behaviour can buy a small number of approved items with their own money. "Those who behave poorly or breach prison rules face them being taken away." The debate did not go down well with viewers who called it "pointless" and slammed the hosts for causing a divide. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat  Max Dubiel explained: "We lock up more than most countries in western Europe, only Russia locks up more people. "It's costing an enormous amount of money we all have to pay £18billion a year." Hayes interrupted: "Max, wouldn't it be better to spend that money, the subsidised taxpayers' money, on educating people? "Give them an opportunity to get a job as you did."    Host Kate suggested: "The actual point of them being able to buy food cheaper than the rest of us, that feels unfair." Max replied: "I can't comment on HMP Oakwood's pact, I assume this is an isolated incident." But Hayes interrupted with: "It's not, they gave a statement didn't they, they said we are no different from any other prison. That's the problem." Max responded: "None of the prisons that I have seen are prisoners able to have this kind of luxury treatment." Viewers took to Twitter to share their frustration over the segment. DON'T MISS... Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink GMB star Noel Phillips speaks out as attacker avoids prison time Piers Morgan swipes at 'wokey' Susanna Reid over notorious GMB rows  PaulieSFAOK said: "Christ now they're trying to divide us by blaming prisoners for workers not getting pay rises. Sick segment this in a sick country.#GMB" Charlotte added: "Can't even be chewed for this programme this morning... Don't even get me started on prisons/prisoners and how they should be treated.. what is it #GMB wind up Friday?" Ruth Hickman shared: "#GMB are you joking? Seriously in this current climate you're talking about prisoners enjoying luxury food!" @Rise_and_grind7 said: "Another pathetic debate that should not be up for discussion #gmb"   Renée Lawson chimed in: "#GMB think this luxury food items in prisons debate (btw in how many prisons out of a total of what?) is being used to try and stoke up more divide. "Why are MPs getting subsidised food? That should be the topic rather than attacking the most vulnerable in society." KDILLIGAFCliff concluded: "Chatting absolute rubbish about prisons and being able to buy food, not one of them has a clue what they are talking about. #GMB" A total of 400 prisoners were able to place orders at HMP Oakwood in the first week of this year and 192 of the eligible inmates did so. The aim is to change behaviour through positive rewards rather than through punishment. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays on ITV from 6am 