A doctor faces up to 40 years in prison and a six-figure fine after she was caught reusing single-use tools hundreds of times over thousands of surgeries. Anita Louise Jackson, 59, of North Carolina, was found to have defrauded patients at offices of her Greater Carolina Ear, Nose and Throat Carolina practice between 2011 and the end of 2017. She reused 36 single-use devices over approximately 1,400 Medicare surgeries and has received a series of convictions in a North Carolina court. Barristers accused the doctor of putting "profit ahead of patients" when she treated them for sinus issues using the Entellus XprESS. The device is a disposable tool used to perform balloon sinuplasty, a minimally invasive technique used to relieve congestion. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which regulates medicines and medical tools in the US, has only approved them for one use, but Jackson was found to have reused hers multiple times. Justice Department officials discovered that she had ordered 36 new tools at most for her surgeries over the six years in question. READ MORE: Tyre Nichols' mother is 'not going to stop' fighting for justice Investigators found that Jackson had the funds needed to buy one device for each patient but chose not to, instead lying to patients that she had not used the devices more than once. Michael Easley, the US Attorney for North Carolina's Eastern District, accused Jackson of "luring in" patients - who were primarily on Medicare - with free "sinus spas". Mr Easley added that she risked giving her patients infections when she reused the same single-use devices to treat patients at her three practice locations in Raleigh, Lumberton and Rockingham. He said her "blatant disregard" for patient health had "led to her conviction on multiple federal charges". Jackson has now received convictions for fabricating medical and healthcare records, paying illegal remunerations, mail fraud, and conspiracy. She was also convicted of 10 counts of illegally inducing her patients to perform the sinus treatments, which allegedly allowed her to trick them into taking a "free" service they didn't need. And she has been accused of using procedures to bill Medicare more than $46 million (£37.17 million). The jury had already ordered forfeiture of $4,794,039.31 (£3,872,093.78) in Medicare fraud. The maximum sentence terms for each charge could see her serve up to 40 years behind bars and up to $250,000 (£201,922) of fines. Mr Easley said authorities could not "allow doctors to bilk Medicare to pad their profits by performing unsupported medical procedures". He said that ultimately "each and every American taxpayer eats the cost", with the most harm done to Jackson's "victim-patients who deserved better, and the elderly Americans on Medicare who are entitled to quality care". Another office, the US Attorney's Office in North Carolina's Middle District, has a pending civil action against Jackson.