Gwyneth Paltrow revealed she could "go home with someone random" after "stumbling out of a bar" and "no one would know". She discussed the 90s during a recent appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden. "It was great, talk about doing cocaine and not getting caught," she explained on Monday night's episode. "You could just be at a bar having fun, dance on the table." She added: "There were no camera phones, especially in New York, there were no paparazzi." "You could stumble out of a bar and go home with some rando and no one would know," Gwyneth added – while reminiscing about being famous and foolish. Express.co.uk have contacted Gwyneth Paltrow's representatives for comment. She once advocated ecstasy drug MDMA in couples’ therapy, saying she was "really looking forward to it being legal" so she can have MDMA therapy sessions in the US back in 2020. At the time, she said: "I’ve had friends who have gone through the process and found it life-changing. "The capacity for healing is going to be a real gift to the world. I’m really looking forward to it being legal because I want to try this out." It was back in 2015 that Gwyneth first confessed to taking drugs after being quizzed about her usage while appearing on Watch What Happens Live. "What is the hardest drug you've ever taken?", host Andy Cohen asked. The Hollywood starlet quickly replied: "Ecstasy”. Elsewhere, Gwyneth recently gave a nod to Hailey Bieber’s sartorial statement on the viral “Nepo Baby" debate - a term coined online and used to describe celebrity offspring who land easily in the world of showbiz due to their famous connections. The model had stepped out in Los Angeles earlier wearing a baby tee with the words "Nepo Baby" written across the front. DONT MISS:Emmerdale double exit as couple leave village (PHOTOS)Loose Women's Carol McGiffin furious with husband over wedding ring (NEWS)BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty mocks Charlie Stayt over hair (LATEST) The look was Hailey's contribution to the recent Nepo baby discourse that has been in the trends ever since New York magazine's recent cover story that detailed a few familiar names within the entertainment industry back in December. The Goop CEO left a comment on an Instagram of the model’s look shared by InStyle Magazine. “I might need a few of these,” wrote the actress, 50. The model, 26 — who’s the daughter of Stephen Baldwin and the niece of Alec Baldwin, and met her husband, Justin Bieber, at a red carpet event — hasn’t directly commented on the New York article. Gwyneth previously spoke with Hailey herself in July 2022 for her YouTube series, Who's in My Bathroom. There, the pair discussed the concept of nepotism in Hollywood — before the debate reached the heights it has today, per People Magazine. “As the child of someone, you get access other people don't have, so the playing field is not level in that way,” the actress said at the time. “However, I really do feel that once your foot is in the door, which you unfairly got in, then you almost have to work twice as hard and be twice as good.” “Because people are ready to pull you down and say 'You don't belong there' or 'You are only there because of your dad or your mom,'" she continued. After Gwyneth added that “nobody in the world, especially anyone who doesn't know you, shouldn't have a negative impact on your path or the decision that you make,” Hailey agreed, telling her, “I need to hear this today.”