Novak Djokovic's father's father was absent from the stands for his semi-final at the Australian Open, just days after the 21-time Grand Slam champion said how he hoped his parents would "bring me luck" at his most successful tournament. Djokovic came into the Australian Open as a man on a mission following the controversy from 12 months ago when he was unceremoniously deported from the country.  He's since admitted that the episode from last year has acted as extra motivation to win a record 10th title at the Australian Open. And the tournament was also the first time he had both of his parents with him in the stands at Melbourne Park since his triumph back in 2008. The importance of having his father and mother in the stands for the first time in 15 years was clear for all to see after his first-round win over Roberto Carballes Baena. “My parents and my brother are here after 15 years," Djokovic said during his on-court interview after the match. "They were last here when I won in 2008, my first Slam, so hopefully they bring me luck once again.” Djokovic is still the strong favourite to win the title, but he's certainly had no "luck" from his father's recent actions.  Srdjan was filmed posing for pictures with Russians flouting Australian Open rules by waving their nation's flag and donning pro-war t-shirts with the 'Z' symbol. Russian president Vladimir Putin's face was also emblazoned on a flag Srdjan posed next to. Djokovic's father has since released a statement, insisting "we wish only for peace" and had "no intentions" of causing distress. But he also added that he would not be in the stands - as he has done for the entire tournament - to watch his son's semi-final against Tommy Paul.  "I am here to support my son only. I had no intention of causing such headlines or disruption," he said. "I was outside with Novak's fans as I have done after all of my son's matches to celebrate his wins and take pictures with them. I had no intention of being caught up in this. "My family has lived through the horror of war, and we wish only for peace. So there is no disruption to tonight's semi-final for my son or for the other player, I have chosen to watch from home. I wish for a great match and I will be cheering for my son, as always." Djokovic has proven over the years that he's capable of battling through adversity, but it's yet another distraction the Serbian won't want to handle.