Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admits a different manager would be facing the sack if they were in charge of the Reds this season. The Merseyside giants have endured an egregious first half of the campaign and are currently languishing in ninth position in the Premier League table after winning just eight of their 19 matches. “I didn’t become a bad manager overnight,” the German said. “I was never as good as people probably said or not as bad as some people might think. But imagine if you were here today talking to another coach of Liverpool because last season we’d won all four trophies and I said, ‘see you later, holiday.’ “Imagine if you see a different face and he has to explain these things and he tells you how it is. Nobody would listen. They’d say last season was great and this year is not great - so go. “You have to have wide shoulders and really just take it. It’s tough, I’m sorry. But we will go for it with all we have to get out of it and then play in a way that the people can’t wait to go to the stadium again. Hopefully we can get through this together and get much closer again. From there we all know anything can happen.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Despite their struggles in the Premier League, Liverpool have secured a Champions League last-16 showdown with Real Madrid after finishing second to Napoli in Group A. And Klopp’s side, who finished one point behind domestic champions Manchester City in the Premier League last season, are also still in the FA Cup and will be looking to overcome Brighton at the American Express Community Stadium on Sunday to progress to the fifth round of the competition. “Who cares how close we were to being champions [last season],” Klopp added. “I couldn't care less. And I don't think for a second how it felt to win the Champions League. Do we want to win it again [after the success in 2019]? Of course.  “Does it look like we will smash Real Madrid? Maybe not. But it's a competition where we are pretty good and, when the games come, we'll be 100 per cent ready. “So far, we've not given the fans much this season - but we are still in two cup competitions and we'll not give up in the league. Why should we? Others teams are doing really well and we respect them a lot, but we want to beat them and I will see how we can do that at Brighton.” 