On Thursday's dramatic instalment of Emmerdale, Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi) was released from her bedroom by David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden). She had been locked in there overnight by her son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) after he had reason to believe she was using drugs again. Jacob lured her drug dealer into meeting him but the youngster ended up being stabbed and left for dead. When Leyla was let out of her bedroom, she found a message on her phone and instantly expected the worst. The previous evening, Jacob sent a text to Leyla's drug dealer from her phone urging him to meet her. However, he was greeted by Jacob who was carrying a knife as he warned the dealer to stay away from Leyla. Jacob soon came to regret bringing the weapon with him as the dealer plunged the knife into his chest as they got embroiled in a fight. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage The dealer drove off and he left Jacob for dead, bleeding out in the dark. Leyla and David found Jacob the following morning and knew he needed urgent medical treatment for his stab wound. She called for an ambulance before driving her son to the local hospital herself. However, many viewers were left wondering why she didn't wait for the ambulance or call the police and report the stabbing.  D Clarke tweeted: "Removing him from the crime scene was a mistake. And where are the coppers?" Ray Ghost penned: "I'm not sure but wouldn't that knife be in a police evidence bag? #emmerdale." Labona added: "Such a load of rubbish. When Leyla called the ambulance, she told them that her son had been stabbed. A police response would have been automatically triggered." Nicole said: "There’s an NHS crisis, don’t you know? Bl***y calling an ambulance to the incident and then driving the injured person in any way? Classic David. #emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale spoilers: Mackenzie's lies unravel as Chloe hospitalised [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Adam Thomas teases ITV soap return  [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale Nicky's identity exposed as fans 'work out' Jamie Tate link [THEORY] Dion quipped: "I hope they rang the ambulance back and told them not to come. #Emmerdale." Jeanie added: "There's no way he'd have survived left out in the cold overnight with a stab wound like that!" Jacob was taken into theatre for surgery when he arrived at the hospital, and David was quick to blame Leyla for everything. But Leyla told David not to tell the police about the knife which belonged to her.  "There is nothing you can say that will make me feel worse than I already do," a distraught Leyla added. The police later questioned Leyla and David as they needed to investigate the attack. David lied to the police and said he was unsure who was responsible for stabbing Jacob. Will the youngster pull through in upcoming scenes? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 