Sharon Marshall, who is a scriptwriter for Emmerdale, said her final episode aired on Friday evening. It comes as This Morning's soap journalist revealed she would be moving onto "pastures new" in a candid tweet. This Morning's soap queen Sharon joined the Emmerdale writing team back in 2015. The journalist and scriptwriter landed her job on the ITV soap in the summer, after four years working on EastEnders. Taking to Twitter, Sharon penned: "My last Emmerdale is on tonight at 7.30pm. Off to writing pastures new now but it’s been an absolute joy and privilege to play in the Dales for six years. I’ll hugely miss the fabulous team." Emmerdale star Samantha, who plays Bernice Blackstock, replied: "You’ll be missed. Lots of love and luck in your new adventures xxxx." READ MORE: Sarah Beeny shares photo in bathtub amid emotional cancer update Sharon replied with several heart emojis. Social media user, Charity Ness commented: "Really sad we never got to see the episode you penned where Vanessa asked Charity to adopt Johnny. Always hoped it could be used in a flashback scene when that topic was revisited." The This Morning presenter replied: "Ah love! That ep! There were lots of scenes lost to covid that I so enjoyed writing for them. Such a shame. But they exist in that writer’s parallel universe of sadly deleted files x." Laura Lou wrote: "It's a great ep, too! All the best to you."  Sharon responded: "Very kind Laura and thanks for all the support and analysis over the years!" Samantha previously quit the soap back in 2019 after previously reprising her role on the soap in 2012. At the time, she wrote in a tweet: "After 7 fabulous years I am shortly to be hanging up Bernice’s aprons and leaving the dales to pursue other creative projects. "I will miss all the friends I’ve made on the show, but I’m very excited to be moving on to pastures new." DON'T MISS... Michelle Keegan flashes legs in tiny dress with husband Mark Wright[LATEST]Richard Osman hints at BBC Radio 2 replacement as fans 'switch off'[RADIO]Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman[PICTURES] Soap fans were thrilled at the news that Samantha would be coming back to Emmerdale after her return was confirmed in April 2021. Meanwhile, Sharon announced her move to Emmerdale as a writer on This Morning back in 2015. She said at the time: "I actually moved over to Emmerdale in the summer - secretly because we work so far in advance. "I've loved my time [on EastEnders]. Linda's hen night is a big, fun episode." On Emmerdale, she added: "I can't wait for you to see all the stories we've got coming up there. "It's tremendously exciting and I can't wait to get stuck in." Sharon began writing scripts for EastEnders in 2011 after training via the BBC's shadow scheme for aspiring writers. Her episodes were often praised by fans for their humour and nods to the past. She has been working as This Morning's on-screen soaps correspondent since 2003. Express.co.uk has contacted Emmerdale representatives for further comment. 