Danny Dyer’s final scenes in EastEnders aired on Christmas Day as The Vic landlord Mick Carter tried to save the lives of his ex-wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and new wife Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Danny reflected on his time in Walford and saying goodbye to the BBC soap. The actor recalled his emotional final farewell and admitted he cried delivering a speech to his co-stars. He began: “I did have a leaving do and I was questioning if I made the right decision. “There was a lot of love for me in a room and I probably just wanted to duck out because it was emotional for me and I just thought it'd be probably easier just to leave it. “But Kellie organised something she wouldn’t let me [go] and I'm glad that we did it.” Read more: Fabrizio Santino starred in Hollyoaks before making his Walford debut Danny reflected on a rude but meaningful gift he was given by his colleagues. “It was really beautiful,” he said. “I’ve got my Albert Square board and they bought me a sign a neon sign.” “I'm obviously known for swearing,” Danny said as Kellie explained her co-star had a saying he said “almost daily” when they worked together. “I used to say, ‘Should we shoot the c**t’ which is unpalatable but it’s something I say,” he explained. “I’ve had some issues with my wife trying to put this sign up in the house but it's just one of my memories.” The EastEnders star joked: “My Mrs isn’t having it at the moment. “It was a beautiful evening everyone turned out for me, very, very emotional.” Kellie explained there were “a lot of tears” with both her and Danny crying during the occasion. DON'T MISSEastEnders fans thrilled as star makes Call the Midwife cameo  [INSIGHT]EastEnders rejection for Zack as Whitney makes strict request [SPOILER]EastEnders fans ‘work out’ next Queen Vic owners after Mick's death [THEORY] The Linda star shared how both she and Danny gave speeches before watching a trailer of Mick Carter’s best bits. “That was the thing really that sent us over the edge watching his journey back,” she added. Meanwhile, Linda is set to receive some heartbreaking news from the police in next week’s episodes. She will be horrified when she returns to Walford to see Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) serving punters behind the bar. She lashes out at Alfie and her neighbours accusing them of not caring that Mick is gone. Later, Mick’s friends come together for a vigil leaving Linda touched. However, it’s interrupted by the police who have some news to share with the landlady. Could this be confirmation that Mick is gone for good? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.