Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has received glowing praise from Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson as the German prepares to take charge of his 1,000th game as a manager. The 55-year-old will join the exclusive club of managers who have reached the Millenium landmark when he takes charge of Liverpool's game against Chelsea on Saturday and Ferguson has reached out in typically classy fashion. Klopp has spent the last seven years at Anfield and has overseen one of the club's most successful periods its in history, winning the Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup and Club World Cup. Under his management, Liverpool have reached three Champions League finals and emerged victorious in 2018-19, with defeats to Real Madrid in the 2017-18 and 2021-22 finals and he was recognised with the Sir Alex Ferguson award by the League Managers' Association for Manger of the Year. In addition to his achievements in England, Klopp became one of the Bundesliga's top coaches after guiding Borussia Dortmund to two domestic titles and the 2012-13 Champions League final. He gained his reputation in the game after taking Mainz from the second tier into the German top flight. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clash  Klopp is recognised as one of the world's top tacticians and his entry into the 1,000 club - recognised by the LMA - will see him join esteemed company Ferguson, Jose Mourinho and Sir Bobby Robson. And Ferguson, who retired in 2013 after guiding United to their 13th Premier League title, lauded his achievements in football. "I'm delighted to welcome Jurgen Klopp to the LMA 1000 club," Ferguson wrote. "Jurgen is undoubtedly one of the most gifted managers in world football and the dedication and passion which Jurgen brings to the role is inspiring to anyone aspiring to a career in football management. "The many trophies he has already won in his career, including in recent seasons the Champions League and Premier League with Liverpool, confirm his status amongst football's elite." It is certainly not the first time Ferguson has reached out to Klopp to offer his kind words after the German guided Liverpool to the Premier League title in 2019-20. But in a time of adversity, they may be appreciated more than ever. DON'T MISSLiverpool owners FSG respond to 'Qatari takeover'Liverpool boss Klopp opens up on 'rare feeling' after Wolves cup winArsenal told advantage they have over Man Utd and Liverpool for Rice Klopp, who has been in charge of the Merseyside club since October 2015, faces perhaps his most difficult period in his seven-year reign at Anfield as uncertainty clouds the club on and off the pitch. The German's own future is more cemented after penning a contract to 2025 last year but the club's owners, Fenway Sports Group, are looking to sell their majority share in the club while Klopp attempts to oversee a squad transition. With Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal all spending hundreds of millions to bridge the gap to Manchester City, the task is more difficult than ever to secure a top-four finish. Liverpool are ninth in the Premier League and will fall behind Chelsea in the standings if they fall to a third consecutive defeat. And Klopp will be hoping the occasion can inspire his players to bring home victory.