Johnny Mathis, 87, has had a hillside collapse in front of his beloved home it has been reported, but thankfully nobody was hurt or injured. The incident occurred after an extended storm took place in Southern California causing a landslide. A representative for Johnny told Daily Mail: “No one was hurt and so far, other than the car, no other damage to the street or other properties in the vicinity. “Mr. Mathis was happy no one was hurt." It was revealed the incident happened on Tuesday, last week, amid the heavy storms which have ravaged California and that some debris had fallen onto Johnny’s neighbour's car (a Jaguar). The star is now hoping for drier weather in order to address the issues. READ MORE: The representative continued “We’re just waiting for the City to grant permits for removing the dirt so we can start repairing the hillside. “Hopefully the break in the storms will make repairs easier.” According to KABC, the landslide left pipes and other parts of the home’s infrastructure exposed and cut off the utilities. The incident comes more than seven years after the same property was decimated by a November 2015 fire. The blaze destroyed all of Johnny’s property, save for a few mementoes. More than 40 firefighters worked to douse the fire, which caused the roof of the home to cave in. Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Brian Humphrey said at the time that there was “nothing left” of the house, which was "absolutely totalled". Johnny returned to Los Angeles at the time after playing a show in Cleveland, telling reporters at the time that he was grateful no one was injured in the fire. "I'm OK, nobody got hurt - that's always important - we can always replace things," he told the AP. He told KTLA5: "I'm a very lucky man, I could've been here, I could've been in bed. “I’m very lucky, a little sad of course, but very lucky.” It comes as radio stations had censored the lyrics of Johnny’s song When a Child is Born after listeners branded a verse in the classic Christmas song as racist. Listeners have taken offence to the word “yellow” in a lyric that refers to a child as “black, white, yellow, no one knows.” “Yellow” has been cut out on Heart FM and Magic Radio, The Sun had revealed. News that radio stations will be censoring When a Child is Born comes just two weeks after Radio 2 announced it would play a censored version of The Pogues' classic song Fairytale Of New York for the first time during the recent holiday season.