Davina McCall joked that some simply "can't handle" her thigh-skimming mini skirts, but she is adamant that she won't tone down her clothing - even if it means her career is at stake. The fitness expert is keen to show off her long legs, even if her knees have become "crepey", and chuckled that her motivation now is to try to "horrify" people. The Masked Singer panellist recently joked: "I'm feeling like I'm getting to that age now where I am at risk of ruining my career on a daily basis. "I feel like at the moment it's manifesting with my clothing. I sometimes think: ‘What can I wear to really horrify people?’” Meanwhile, Davina also admitted that she's comfortable with taking the Tube in skimpy outfits, saying she "doesn't care" if people stare at her "little crepey knees". She previously revealed that she thinks her body is fitter now than it was 30 years ago - and she's determined to wear her favourite outfits without fear of how people might react. READ NOW: Kelly Monteith, beloved BBC comedian, dies aged 80 The body confidence connoisseur continued to boast of her experience on the Tube: "I also had white ankle socks and loafers on and it was brilliant because I felt like there were a few people that just couldn't handle it." While some adhere to a fashion code of not bearing both cleavage and thighs in the same outfit, Davina has defiantly broken it. The star has been spotted wearing sequined party dresses that are more often seen on women less than half her age. The TV favourite explained that, now she has entered her sixth decade of life, she sometimes receives extreme reactions to her look. She joked in an interview with Best magazine that Londoners had stared at her as she used public transport, "as if I was wearing crotchless panties". However, rather than being deterred, she says she loves the "attention". "Yes, I must be doing something right because I'm getting a reaction, even though I'm not doing anything terrible!" she exclaimed. Davina has also debuted a very youthful hairstyle courtesy of her boyfriend Michael Douglas, who is a hairdresser by profession. While prepping her for last weekend's episode of The Masked Singer - which saw her wear a neon orange mini dress - he fitted her with a long, flowing £120 wig. The hairpiece featured a fringe that totally covered her forehead - and it went down a storm with some viewers, while being criticised by others. Davina devotees labelled it "gorgeous" and quizzed why she was "ageing backwards", although one Twitter user, @SmartCaz, mused: "She may be a queen, but not even she can get away with cutting in a fringe with a knife and fork!" Others described her as a dead ringer for Courteney Cox in her Scream 2 movie role as fictional TV broadcaster Gale Weathers. However, anyone looking to emulate her sleek and glossy new look, which was made with real hair, will be able to purchase a version of the wig for £120 from Pak Cosmetics. Some fans also commented that she had worked hard to maintain an incredible figure in her 50s, and that if she wanted to reap the benefits of that success, they would cheer her on. Davina hasn't always been super healthy, but was motivated to turn her life around after discovering at a routine health check that she had high levels of cholesterol, putting her at risk of heart disease. The concerned star, who first launched herself to fame in her 20s after working on the Channel 4 dating show Streetmate, got tough on herself and resisted the temptation to gorge on her favourite treat - cheese. She now works out five times a week for 30 minutes each day, explaining to the Independent that she gets "an enormous bum and thighs" swiftly if she skips her routine. With her body confidence at an all time high, and her fitness business motto being "strong not skinny", Davina feels driven to continue wearing skimpy clothing for as long as she likes.