Newcastle have reportedly drawn up a seven-man shortlist for the final stages of the January transfer window. Eddie Howe is keen to bolster his ranks for the second half of the campaign in hope of his squad finishing in the Champions League places. The Magpies are currently third in the Premier League and just a point behind second-placed Manchester City, having played a game more than Pep Guardiola’s side. The Toon Army have a strong chance of finishing in the top four and will deem European football the absolute minimum after such an impressive start to the season. Newcastle’s defence has been at the centre of their success, with their balanced midfield also proving difficult for opponents to break down. Howe’s side have been hit with numerous injuries in the final third, though the return of Alexander Isak comes at the perfect time for the St James’ Park outfit. The club are now looking to build upon their foundations, with Ekrem Konur reporting that there are seven players being targeted. Chelsea trio Conor Gallagher, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Hakim Ziyech make up a significant chunk of the list, though Newcastle are relying on Graham Potter’s side being prepared to part ways with some of their depth despite their ever-growing injury list. Arsenal transfer targets Ivan Fresneda, right back, and Moussa Diaby, winger, are also being heavily considered. Fresneda is enjoying a terrific breakout season with Real Valladolid, with the 18-year-old capturing the attention of numerous top sides and his agent reportedly travelling to England to entertain potential offers. Following Chelsea’s hijacking of their move for Mykhaylo Mudryk, Arsenal are in the market for a winger and weighing up alternative options to the Ukraine international, with Diaby seen as a cut-price option in comparison. The Bayer Leverkusen star was linked with a move to Newcastle over the summer but a deal never materialised, leaving the door open for the Gunners to make an approach. Though Mikel Arteta’s side aren’t expected to rival Newcastle for another target on the aforementioned shortlist, Luiz Henrique. The 22-year-old is thriving in the La Liga with Real Betis and Newcastle believe that the Brazilian has shown real potential over the course of 14 appearances. The same can certainly be said for the seventh target: Youssoufa Moukoko. The Germany international is set to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season when his contract at the Signal Iduna Park expires, with several European giants waiting to pounce.