It was a banner night for film fans as a collection of massive stars won some much-deserved awards at the 80th Golden Globes. Included in the list of winners was Austin Butler, who made a name for himself last year with an incredible performance in Elvis - the Baz Luhrmann Elvis Presley biopic. And during his acceptance speech, the American star couldn't help but praise his hero, the King of Rock of Roll. After Elvis hit cinemas in August 2022, Austin received some incredible praise from the film industry. He even got a blessing from Elvis' ex-wife and daughter, Priscilla Presley and Lisa Marie Presley. As it turns out, these were the people Austin was eager to thank during his acceptance speech for his Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama award. He told the Golden Globes audience: "Oh man, all my words are leaving me! I just am so grateful right now, I'm in this room full of my heroes." He said directly to the Presleys: "Thank you for opening your hearts, your memories, your home to me." The cameras quickly panned to Priscilla and Lisa Marie who were all smiles. Austin paused before touchingly adding: "Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever." The 31-year-old actor later emphasised just how much he adored the Presley family to reporters. He gushed: "I just feel so endlessly grateful to them that they provided the space for me to somehow try to capture the essence of this man that meant so much to them and that they love so much." The star rounded off his speech by thanking the man that he imitated in the biopic. Austin said: "Lastly, Elvis Presley, himself, you were an icon and a rebel. And I love you so much." This is not the first time Austin has praised Priscilla for her support. He recalled last year: "I met her before we started filming, and then getting to see her after she'd seen the film, it was so moving to me. Because she's also dealt with all the misconceptions about Elvis since the day she met him." He added: "I was so nervous when she was going to watch the film because she knows him better than anybody," he added. "When I heard what she felt about it, it just was beyond words. I just felt so good." Austin had nothing to be nervous about, it seemed. Priscilla said the young actor got "Elvis to a T". She went on: "It was very emotional, my daughter [Lisa Marie Presley] felt the same way ... It is unbelievable what this kid did, Austin Butler. He spent two years studying about Elvis, so that was like a shock to watch. Even some of the songs." Lisa Marie also heaped praise on the actor. She wrote a lengthy Instagram post about how much she loved Austin's portrayal of her father. She wrote: "I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie Elvis twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." (sic) The 54-year-old added: "Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever." Elvis is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE