Clearly happy with the results, Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas revealed her stunning new look and declared that it “was the best she had looked in years”.  Shirley, 62, has undergone a series of non-surgical treatments since February of last year and is absolutely ecstatic with the final results. The popular judge visited one of the UK’s cosmetic doctors, Dr Judy Todd, to rejuvenate her appearance. Reluctant to go under the knife, Shirley decided to look at alternative ways of revitalizing her appearance without invasive surgery. In a video shared this week about the procedure and why she decided to use this type of surgery, Shirley said: “This time last year I was conscious that my jawline was sagging and hanging a bit.” READ MORE:Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk'  She continued: “My skin looked dull and a bit lifeless and I wanted to get rid of all my spider veins and tighten up the skin on my neck and chest. “I wanted to look my very best but I really didn't want to go under the knife, so I thought I would try this alternative route.” Shirley opted for the NeoGen treatments which took 30 mins each time the procedure was performed. In all, the course of treatments took just under 12 months to complete and the star was amazed at the results. Shirley admitted she was unsure of what to expect when undergoing this type of surgery.   Speaking about the finished result, she gushed: “My jawline feels that much sharper. I feel like my skin is not sagging,” She continued: “It feels rejuvenated, it feels bright and clean, no little veins going on, no sunspots, all in all, a really spectacular look.” Shirley also admitted that she felt some apprehension before she started her course of treatment. She said: “I was a bit apprehensive at the start but I'm thrilled to bits with the results.” DONT MISS: Harry must sign non-disclosure agreement to attend Coronation [NEWS] King 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipe [UPDATE] Phillip Schofield tells Prince Harry to 'shut up' about royals [INSIGHT] Shirley said that she decided to undergo the "alternative" surgery to make her feel more confident, arguing that every woman in her 60s wants to feel that way. Championing beauty for the mature lady she stated: “Every woman in her 60s wants to feel confident, and I have to say at age 62, I now feel by far the best I’ve ever felt. “I feel like my skin is bright, it's healthy, it looks great, I've got a much better jawline, so I'm very very excited that people will recognise the results.” As well as the alternative surgery procedure, Shirley took natural G Herbal supplements to help speed skin repair and boost the nutrient levels in the skin.  In total, the TV star's treatments and topical skin care products cost around £5,000, and the head judge was equally impressed with how quickly it took for her to recover from the surgery She added: "I was so impressed with how little downtime I needed to take. “I'm a very busy woman and I don't have time to sit for a whole week and wait for my face to heal. "But there was so little downtime with this treatment that it really was a benefit to my way of life and non-invasive and a wonderful way to rejuvenate my face."