Manchester United have already seen one bid for Joao Felix turned down but a January move looks tricky to broker, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is keen to land a new forward this month now that the transfer window is open. However, as he hunts a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, there’s no guarantee a new attacker will arrive. Manchester United have long been linked with Felix and, according to The Athletic, saw a huge £120million bid for the striker rejected back in the summer. It’s claimed the publication were told of an offer after the Red Devils had been in contact with Atletico Madrid’s hierarchy, with Ronaldo’s future uncertain at the time. Ronaldo would end up staying and United had been hoping the 37-year-old would stay put until the end of the season, before his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan in November saw him burn his bridges at the club. Ten Hag has regularly expressed a desire to bring in a new forward, particularly after seeing Cody Gakpo join Liverpool. But with Atletico wanting a fee close to £18m to let Felix go, their pursuit of the 23-year-old appears to be hanging in the balance. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United did previously probe a deal for the striker when he was strutting his stuff for Benfica, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in charge at the time. Yet Atletico won the race for the player in 2019, agreeing to pay a massive £114m to bring him to La Liga following the departure of Antoine Griezmann to Barcelona. United aren’t the only team being linked with Felix, either, who many are expecting to move to the Premier League by the end of the month. Arsenal are interested in the Portugal international at a time where Gabriel Jesus is sidelined through injury. The Gunners may be a more attractive proposition at the current moment, especially given how they’re now seven points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Chelsea boss Graham Potter also wants a new marksman following the exits of Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner back in the summer. And with Todd Boehly spending lavishly since buying the club last year, the Blues have the financial muscle to make a deal happen. If United are able to land Felix, however, he’ll become the latest Portuguese player to rock up at Old Trafford. The Red Devils have been successful with previous purchases, starting with Ronaldo when he moved back in the summer transfer window of 2003. The veteran won three Premier League crowns, as well as the Champions League, during his first six years at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And though Ronaldo tarnished his legacy with his recent outburst, he still netted a commendable 24 goals across all competitions last term. Nani also impressed upon arriving during the years where Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost, winning four league titles of his own. And Diogo Dalot and Bruno Fernandes have both fared well since moving in 2018 and 2020 respectively. In other United news, meanwhile, Erik ten Hag has reserved he’s taken on the job of managing the club’s reserves side as well as he looks to bring the glory days back to M16. “For me, cooperation between all the different departments is crucial to get the right culture in a club,” he said. “Like at Ajax, when I entered Manchester United the reserve team was isolated. It was no longer really part of the academy, but it wasn’t part of the first team either. “I changed that immediately - just as I did when I entered Amsterdam. “At Ajax, the reserve team came under the responsibility of the manager. “That was the only way I could have influence on the flow of young, talented players towards the first team. “Of course I still give the coaches freedom to work, but I also give them direction, by saying for example ‘I want that player to start making minutes in that position.’ “So the final responsibility lies with me about how the second team performs and the flow of players that goes from the reserve team to the first team.”