Naively, there were some who hoped that might change when the NUT merged in 2017 with the more moderate Association of Teachers and Lecturers. In reality, all that changed when the two unions came together to form the National Education Union was that the moderate voice of the ATL vanished, leaving the NEU as a bigger and even worse version of the NUT. Tomorrow the NEU is leading its teachers on strike, which in my view is one of the most shamefully selfish and reckless moves by a union recently. School pupils have faced a series of blows to their education as a result of the pandemic. The one thing above all that is needed now is stability. And what is the NEU offering instead? Chaos. Yes, teachers' pay has fallen behind in real terms. But so has everyone's pay because inflation has run riot recently, largely as a result of the invasion of Ukraine. The NEU response is to stick two fingers up to the pupils and it appears to me they are using strike action to try to force the Government to prioritise their pay over that of everyone else. BUT while the NEU bangs on about how teachers' pay has fallen in real terms, what it never says is that, compared to most people, teachers remain very well paid - not least because of their pension payments. The average private sector employer contributes six per cent of salary; the Teachers Pension Scheme employer contribution is 23.7 percent. That takes the average class teacher's pay and pension package to more than £50,000 a year, with primary Heads at £83,000 and secondary Heads at around £120,000. Teachers are not poor - unlike many of their pupils, whose educational prospects they are about to make even worse by striking. We should be careful not to tar all teachers with the same brush as indeed, not all NEU members support strikes. And not enough members of two other unions - the National Association of Schoolmasters/ Union of Women Teachers and the National Association of Headteachers - voted in favour of action for them to strike. But the NEU remains a classic example of a union that is more interested in hard Leftwing politics than improving the lot of its members. Its website boasts a detailed section on "decolonising the curriculum" while 13 members of its National Executive signed a statement by the ignoble Stop the War Coalition blaming Nato for Putin's invasion of Ukraine. In its old NUT guise, the union's Easter conference was always an annual demonstration of everything wrong with education, as an array of members you wouldn't want to babysit your child, let alone teach them, would rant away with their hard-Left drivel. One year David Blunkett, then Labour's education spokesman, was forced to take refuge in a tiny room to escape a threatening mob of militant teachers. Nothing has changed. At its latest conference last April, Labour's spokeswoman for education, Bridget Phillipson, was jeered throughout her speech for refusing to abolish Ofsted, the schools' inspectorate. Meanwhile the NEU's joint general secretary Kevin Courtney addressed a special meeting of Stop the War, which appeared to be excusing the Russian invasion. Indeed the NEU geared up for its strikes by hosting a Stop the War conference at its London offices. NEU executive member and Stop the War Coalition national officer Alex Kenny said how proud the NEU is to be an affiliate and told of NEU members spreading the 'message of peace'. He said: "The Government don't want us to do that. They say you have to be impartial. But on some things you can't be impartial, can you?" And like the rest of the hard Left, the NEU has along history of employees caught making antisemitic statements - one reason why more than 100 Jewish teachers have left it. Its former president Daniel Kebede is favourite to become General Secretary later this year. Kebede is an unabashed Corbynite, who was forced to apologise for his own use of an antisemitic phrase in defence of the former Labour leader. The NEU has a history of which it should be ashamed. But with tomorrow's strikes it will plunge to a new abyss - dragging the children it should trying to elevate down with it. For shame.