Following a cautious, calculated start to the January transfer window, Arsenal sporting director Edu has firmly removed the handbrake to wholeheartedly rally behind head coach Mikel Arteta as the club look to launch an assault on the Premier League title. There is a growing sense of excitement building around the Emirates Stadium that the Gunners have the character, quality and durability to go the distance in their quest to secure immortality in north London following the agony of last season's fifth-place finish. The signals heading into the winter market were that Arsenal were prepared to show total commitment to new signings to maximise their chances of achieving something special this term. This is undoubtedly Arsenal's greatest chance of winning the Premier League title since the Invincibles achieved that very feat 19 years ago in 2004 under legendary boss Arsene Wenger. The burning disappointment of missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk has quickly been transformed into positivity by Edu, who has wasted no time at all to close two exciting deals for Brighton's Leandro Trossard and highly-rated 22-year-old Spezia defender Jakub Kiwior. Trossard completed his medical at London Colney on Friday morning and after beating the 12pm deadline, the club are now awaiting confirmation on his availability for Sunday's Premier League clash with Manchester United when he could make his debut. Although Express Sport is awaiting confirmation on the numbers involved, Arsenal are believed to have shaken hands with Serie A side Spezia over the signing of left-footed centre-back Kiwior. Talks were at an advanced stage between the two parties as of late Friday morning and reputable reporters are now indicating a deal has been struck between the two clubs. Both Trossard and Kiwior tick multiple boxes for Arsenal and they're signings that fit perfectly into the current squad without upsetting the dynamic and morale within their title-chasing camp. Mudryk's star potential and eye-watering price tag threatened to disrupt the harmony and prioritising multiple cost-effective additions could actually prove to be a more worthwhile strategy than shelling out a lump sum on another forward. Despite a rough transfer outlay of £50m (including add-ons) on Arsenal's impending two arrivals, the Gunners are expected to continue monitoring the market for opportunities. One avenue that Arsenal have already explored is the signing of Real Valladolid's teenage right-back Ivan Fresneda - a player also of interest to Newcastle, Real Madrid, Borussia Dortmund and Juventus. The Gunners are believed to have held initial talks with his representatives over a potential deal and there is a chance the full-back could be sold by the La Liga strugglers this month to fund new arrivals. Fresneda's current contract in Spain contains a release clause worth in the region of £26m and if he were to arrive, it could have some impact on the future of Cedric Soares. While he remains a player of strong interest from Fulham, Express Sport understands a deal is not as close as suggested with the full-back currently nursing a knock. Valladolid would ideally like any buying club to loan back Fresneda for the remainder of the season to bolster their survival chances. Arsenal are also open to the signing of a central midfielder - something that was evident in the summer transfer window when they saw three bids rejected by Aston Villa for Douglas Luiz. The Gunners have been incredibly fortunate that both Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey have maintained fitness this season to play a monumental part in Arsenal's exceptional campaign to date. But should either midfielder pick up an injury, there is an undeniable drop-off in quality with 2021 signing Albert Sambi Lokonga still not up to the required standard. Mohamed Elneny is also currently out injured meaning Arsenal are slightly short in that department. It is certainly an area where they will be monitoring the market but any arrivals have to benefit the long-term future of the club. There will be no panicking, as such.