James Maddison could still join Newcastle United ahead of next week's January transfer deadline in spite of Leicester City having already rejected at least one concrete bid for the 26-year-old's signature, according to reports. The Magpies have been credited with a desire to land Maddison for a number of months and have been tipped to bring him to St James' Park this month as Eddie Howe looks to reinforce his squad in advance of the Premier League run-in. Maddison has shown little sign of penning a new contract at the King Power Stadium in recent weeks, leading to speculation that he could soon be set to leave Leicester in search of a fresh challenge in the not-too-distant future. There are just a few days left for Newcastle to firm up their interest in the England playmaker but the Tyneside outfit still have every chance of pushing a move over the line before the January window slams shut.That's according to Miguel Delaney, who wrote in his Independent column that Maddison could still be sold by Leicester between now and the end of this month. The Foxes have reportedly been turning down every approach they have received in recent weeks, which included at least one concrete bid from an unnamed club, although the possibility of a last-minute exit cannot be ruled out as of yet. It is said that Leicester could be tempted to sell Maddison if the money is right, but any successful offer would need to be 'very high' in order to change their minds. Newcastle are credited with the longest-standing interest in the player but a bidding war could soon begin to take shape if the Magpies begin the domino effect by submitting a firm proposal at some point over the next few days. JUST IN: Arsenal and Chelsea run into Moises Caicedo problem amid £60m offer It would be hugely detrimental for Leicester to lose Maddison so late in the January window, with the Foxes likely to be desperate to keep him on their books in order to aid their hopes of securing Premier League survival at the end of the season. The former Norwich City man has chipped in with seven league goals and four assists since the beginning of the campaign but is seemingly hesitant to commit his future to Leicester, with his current deal set to expire in the summer of 2024 as things stand.It also remains to be seen whether Newcastle would be able to afford a money-spinning move for Maddison as a result of their need to spend carefully in order to stay within Financial Fair Play (FFP) limits. Eddie Howe recently hinted that the Magpies will not be able to pay huge transfer fees for new players this month, which could pour cold water on their hopes of landing Maddison before the upcoming deadline. "As a manager, I am always looking to improve the team," said Howe. "I will never sit here and be content, I don’t think that is the right way to manage."My way to take the team to new heights is to improve through the training of the players we have. If we can’t get to a certain level, then we need to find that in the transfer market. In my position you are keen to sign the best players you can but those players come at a premium."[Sven] Botman wasn’t cheap, Alex Isak wasn’t cheap. Those are players who can influence the starting XI. Do we have the finances for that? I do not know, that might impact our options. It is a considerable outlay the club have to find and with FFP, I’m not sure that’s available to us, you have to work within the guidelines of the club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.