Italian Camila Giorgi is set to play the Australian Open despite being under investigation for competing last year with a fake Covid pass. But tennis stars this year have been told they can compete even if they test positive. Novak Djokovic, who has publicly refused a vaccination, was sensationally deported from Melbourne last January after trying to enter on an exemption. But world No.66 Giorgi is now caught up in a probe by Italian prosecutor’s into a scam to provide false paperwork to obtain the Green Pass which allowed Italians to travel abroad. Giorgi’s personal doctor Daniela Griffone was charged by Italian police in Vicenza last February for providing false paperwork to claim people - including a famous singer - had been vaccinated. And Grillone told  Italian newspaper Corriere del Veneto: “The Giorgi family has been under treatment with me for a long time. “Camila Giorgi suffered from the so-called tennis elbow. Shortly before the beginning of summer, she had come asking for the possibility of obtaining false attestations of all the mandatory vaccines, as well as the Covid vaccine,” “I can confirm with absolute certainty that none of the vaccines against the Giorgi family have actually been administered. I have not received any payment in that case. I am deeply upset and sorry for my action.” Giorgi reached the third round of last year’s Australian Open before losing to Ash Barty. She also played three events in the USA, including the US Open, while Djokovic was refused entry to the country. The Italian, who models and has her own clothing line, lost in qualifying for the Adelaide International 2 but the world No.66 has automatic qualification for the first Grand Slam of the year which starts on Monday (Jan 16). A WTA statement said: “We are aware of the allegations and are currently monitoring the situation and any investigations that may be brought forward,” The Covid vaccination is no longer required to enter Australia and Djokovic has been received warmly on his return. This year there will be no required testing and need to disclose a positive result. Australian batsman Matt Renshaw played in the recent Test against South Africa after testing positive. He used his own changing room until returning a negative test. Tennis Australia chief executive Craig Tiley said: “It’s a normalised environment for us and, not dissimilar to the cricket, there will potentially be players that will compete with Covid. It is entirely up to them if they tell us they’re positive or not. We’re encouraging players as well as encouraging staff that if you’re feeling unwell, stay at home.” Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios will continue their bromance by replaying their Wimbledon final in a warm-up match at Rod Laver Arena on Friday (13 January).