One of the Death in Paradise star’s friends has opened up about how Ben Miller struggled while filming on the popular BBC series. Miller portrayed the straight-laced DCI Richard Poole in the show and would be dressed in a full suit and tie when crime-solving. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Outlander and A Discovery of Witches star Steven Cree said: “My friend was actually in the first series [of Death in Paradise].” “Ben [Miller], and he phoned me one day, having just [filmed] - he sounded completely [different]. “He’d actually just had heatstroke or sunstroke and he wore a tweed suit in that season. Cree, 42, continued: “He had to rip off his tweed suit and run into the sea because heatstroke can actually be really serious. Like if you have it a couple of times in close succession.” Miller departed from Death in Paradise after two seasons when his character was murdered with subsequent detectives foregoing a full suit in favour of clothing better suits to the tropical climate. The star also made a cameo in 2021 to mark the show’s 10th anniversary and has said he’d be interested in re-visiting the character in the future. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ devastating double death Cree and Miller previously worked together on the 2010 film Huge, which was directed by the Death in Paradise star, and also appeared in the 2017 film The Escape. The Scottish actor’s words came as he appears in the forthcoming crime drama The Diplomat, which will be airing on UKTV’s Alibi next month and also stars Peaky Blinders’ Sophie Rundle as the titular lead Laura Simmonds, Laila Costa, Danny Sapani from Harlots, Isak Férriz and Serena Manteghi. In the show, Cree portrays British Consulate worker Sam Henderson based in Barcelona, who seems to have a nefarious side to him. Much like Death in Paradise, The Diplomat is set in a sunny foreign location with the cast facing their own challenges while filming. Cree said: “Fortunately, I wasn’t wearing a tweed suit in [The Diplomat] and I never had to rip it off at any point. “We were inside most of the time and if you were filming outside, you would try to find the shade as much as possible. “Or as soon as the scene cut and you were setting up for the next take, you would go and stand under an umbrella or under a tree or something. “The hardest thing was trying not to get tanned actually for continuity reasons because when it’s that hot then you can get a little bit tanned.” He went on to say: “Definitely, there were scenes sometimes when we filmed outside, where it was so hot it hard to think. “I’ve filmed before where it was so cold it’s hard to say your lines. But when it’s hot like that, it’s different. “They shout ‘action’ and you’re instantly sweating buckets in the scene where you’re not meant to be sweating buckets in the scene, so that’s a bit of a problem.” Cree said it would be a case the director would be shouting ‘cut’ to allow the cast to wipe the sweat off and then continuing filming again. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [UPDATE]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap [NEWS] Adding: “But I have to say, that is a high-class problem because the year before that I was filming in minus 30 degrees temperature and I would take 35 centigrade over minus 30 any week. “To be honest, there were only a few days where it was unbearably hot.” Season one of The Diplomat will air over six weeks with Laura, Sam and other members the British Consulate aiding distressed British nationals while on holiday. Their remit will cover everything from lost or stolen passports to more serious cases including assaults and murder. Each episode will see the team taking on a new case with guest cast members, but there will be an underlying serial strand running through the series. Death in Paradise season 12 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 9pm The Diplomat airs on UKTV’s Alibi channel in February