Condensation can cause a plethora of problems including a musty scent and wallpaper peeling so tackling the problem as soon as possible is essential. Condensation is when water collects as droplets on a cold surface like windows or walls when humid air is in contact with it. You likely have problems with condensation if you wake up in the morning with a film of water on the inside of your window. Allan Reid, double-glazing expert and founder of Art Windows & Doors, has provided his tips on preventing condensation on double-glazed windows. He said: “While double glazing is effective in preventing some condensation, the colder conditions can, unfortunately, bring mould regardless. “Whether you need an inexpensive and quick hack or you have money to invest in mould-proofing your house, there is a solution for everyone.” Allan said proper ventilation is the “best way to reduce condensation” whether you have single, double or triple-glazed windows. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ laundry staple to remove ‘crusty’ grease from oven racks For double and triple-glazed windows, condensation between the layers of glass could indicate a problem like the air-tight seal failing which allows insulating gas out. Allan explained: “Replacing the air-tight seal between your layers of glass is essential to prevent water vapour. “If the seal fails and the insulating gas is not present, the subsequent water vapour will reduce the lifespan of your windows and potentially lead to draughts and chilly air. “Luckily, replacing an air-tight seal is often inexpensive, costing between £5 to £10 per window.” DON'T MISSPest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [UPDATE]Mum's homemade spray to 'remove mould and prevent it coming back' [ANALYSIS] An extractor fan directly in a double-glazed window can significantly reduce condensation. This is particularly “effective” for rooms prone to steam and water vapour such as kitchens and bathroom. Trickle vents can be fitted into all different types of window frames, including double and triple glazing. They are “highly effective” at circulating air in the home and can reduce mould, condensation and damp. Unfortunately, some older homes may lack trickle vents but as of 2022 the units are mandatory when replacing windows. READ MORE: 'Cat litter and tights' can help drivers clear frost and condensation Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If the paint around windows is starting to chip, bulge or flake, this indicates a condensation problem. The moisture could be trapped underneath the paint or varnish or the varnish can begin to sweat during the cooler months. Allan added: “In addition, paint can often hide dampness, which is caused by condensation. By ignoring the flaking paint and continuing to replace it, you avoid treating the problem, allowing it to worsen.” Triple glazing is up to 40 percent more thermally efficient than most PVCu double glazing. The extra layers can also help to reduce draughts, condensation and cold spots. With better insulation, homeowners can lower their energy bills and keep homes warmer in the colder months meaning the extra cost is often worth it. Allan added: “PIV units have several great benefits for your home, including improving the quality of air, eliminating humidity and condensation and reducing pollutants. PIV systems can also help to reduce any dust mite allergens and asthma symptoms. “Another great bonus is that PIV units are incredibly cheap to run, costing from £1 to £2 a month after installation. “For their low cost, their effective capabilities in eradicating both mould and condensation make them a popular choice.”