While dust doesn’t seem like a huge problem, it can cause negative health effects and make allergies worse. This means it is important to clean surfaces regularly to ensure it doesn’t build up. To help with cleaning, many people are turning to hacks from social media to prevent dust from forming in their homes. One such hack involves creating a mixture of fabric conditioner and water to pick up dust quickly and prevent it from settling. However, organisation expert Scott Jones from Pink Storage, warns Britons against this viral trend, claiming it is a “huge fire hazard”. The pro said: “While the videos show dust-free surfaces, what they don’t show is that the dust will have accumulated elsewhere in the home such as on your carpets and furniture. “This makes the hack useless as you have moved the dust rather than getting rid of it, but that isn’t the biggest problem with this hack. “Fabric conditioner is highly flammable and smearing your home in this liquid is very dangerous. If a fire were to break out in your home, this hack would make the fire spread much quicker, endangering the lives of everyone in your home.” READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush There are also other variations of this hack which replace the fabric conditioner with other oils such as olive oil. The expert added: “While olive oil isn’t classed as flammable, it is combustible meaning that it can burn if the temperature gets high enough. “In a typical house fire, temperatures can reach 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit making this alternative hack just as risky. The biggest problem with this hack is that it just simply isn’t safe. “Alternate versions of the hack also put your life and family at risk too, therefore in this instance, it’s best not to use this hack to clean your home. DON'T MISS:Nan’s ‘old trick’ to get rid of stubborn brown mug stains for 3p [COMMENT]Improve radiator ‘efficiency’ and prevent ‘blockages’ with one job [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [EXPLAINER] “If you want to get rid of the dust in your home, there are safer alternatives. While not groundbreaking or cool enough to go viral, the best way of getting rid of dust in your home is to vacuum it at least twice a week.” Dust in the home keeps coming back regardless of what online hacks say because it is made up of different particles inside the home which settle on any surface they can. It is impossible to eliminate dust completely but using a good quality vacuum with an air filter can help to remove as much dust as possible. The pro noted: “When vacuuming your home, concentrate on the areas with the most footfall. Vacuuming can be a tedious activity, but if you can do it at least twice a week, you will see a significant decrease in the dust in your home.” READ MORE: Eggshell trick to prevent ‘pesky’ slugs from ruining new plants now Many people remove dust in their homes by using dusters, thinking this is the best way to collect it. However, the expert said this isn’t always the case. Dusters and feather dusters can spread the dust around rather than pick it up. To remove as much dust as possible, it is best to replace dusters with a microfibre cloth. Scott said: “Microfibre cloths are cheap and can be used wet or dry to remove the dust without having to worry about spreading flammable liquids all over your home and furniture. “If you still have problems with dust after you have vacuumed twice a week and wiped down your furniture with a microfibre cloth, then you could have a clutter issue. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Clutter can create an environment where dust can multiply, dusting around the clutter often isn’t enough to fix the problem. If you do have clutter in your home, get rid of it as it will make cleaning sessions quicker too.” Microfibre cloths can be used along with a disinfectant in areas which need cleaning thoroughly because they are not able to destroy bacteria and viruses. Microfibre cloths can be found in most local supermarkets or bought online. Air purifiers can also help to remove dust and allergens in the air. Although they don’t come cheap, they are great devices which work by circulating air around the room. When the purifier pulls air into it, it also pulls in tiny particles floating in the air such as dust to make the air cleaner.