Inheritance tax is a tax on the estate of someone who's passed away. How much people pay depends on the value of the deceased's estate – which is worked out based on their assets (cash in the bank, investments, property or business, vehicles, payouts from life insurance policies), minus any debts. There is normally no tax to pay if the value of one’s estate is below £325,000 or they leave everything over £325,000 to their spouse, civil partner, a charity or a community amateur sports club. If neither of the above applies, their estate will be taxed at 40 percent on anything above the £325,000 threshold when they die. To lower the inheritance tax bill, parents may wish to gift their children the house. They might want to transfer a share of their property to a child for a few reasons, such as giving them a foot-up on the property ladder. Alternatively they might also want their children to avoid Inheritance Tax, but want to remain living in the property. READ MORE: Best countries to retire in 2023 - Couple shares the 'perfect place for retirees' If people use transfer of equity, they are warned that their child may have to pay stamp duty. From a tax perspective, when the equity is transferred it is as if a property transaction has taken place. As their child will also now be a homeowner they will no longer be considered a first-time buyer going forward. This means they couldn’t benefit from first-time buyer stamp duty relief or other Government-backed schemes designed to help people onto the property ladder, such as the Lifetime ISA, in the future. READ MORE: 'State of shock and panic': Man explains 'traumatic' scam that left him over £16,000 down This is usually done to ensure they will not have to pay Inheritance Tax when they die. Couples can combine their assets so it starts at £650,000. Parents with property over this value want their child to receive as much of it as possible. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Heather Pollard at Tower Street Finance about the strict seven year rule. She explained that as long as parents live for another seven years after they’ve gifted their property and don't live in it or benefit from as if they were still the primary householder, their children can reduce or avoid inheritance tax. For every passing year, up to seven years, the amount of tax tapers off. She said: “You do not pay tax on cash gifts, but there are strict rules. While someone is still alive, they can gift as much money or items of value as they want, to anyone they want, in the form of ‘potentially exempt transfers’ (known as PETs). "However, if that person passes away, those gifts (or PETs) can then be included in the total value of their estate and therefore Inheritance Tax may end up having to be paid." Under the current rules, if the gift is given before death, and the donor (the person who gave the gift) lives for more than seven years after this, then no Inheritance Tax needs to be paid. However, if the donor dies sooner, then tax will be charged on the gifts at various levels – but only if the Inheritance Tax threshold is reached. The various levels are: Alternatively, a person’s child may have fallen out with their spouse. This could mean the property is sold against their family’s wishes if it becomes part of a divorce settlement.