Manchester United hero Patrice Evra has revealed he told Sir Alex Ferguson that Erik ten Hag was similar to the Scot. The Dutchman is the Red Devils’ latest manager, having been appointed back in the summer. And, with his no-nonsense approach, he’s given fans reason to dream of the glory days returning to Old Trafford. Manchester United have seen Ten Hag come down hard on the squad as he looks to win the Premier League title at the first time of asking. He refused to bow to Cristiano Ronaldo’s huge ego, with the 37-year-old since leaving for Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr following a bitter parting of the ways. And Ten Hag has also laid down the law to the likes of Alejandro Garnacho and Marcus Rashford, while sending Jadon Sancho away to work on his physical and mental health. Now, speaking to Betfair, Evra has revealed he’s talked to Ferguson about Ten Hag and told his old United boss how similar the two are. “I spoke to Sir Alex Ferguson after the game against Tottenham and I said to him that Ten Hag is one of the closest managers to him when it comes to discipline,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Mourinho and van Gaal had it too but I think Ten Hag is more similar to Sir Alex Ferguson. It's not about showing he's the boss. “The perfect example is with Rashford, he was late to a meeting and he was on the bench, but he came on and scored the winning goal and after the game he was hugging Ten Hag. “That's what I call discipline. I feel like all those players know now that if they don't do the job they won't play, no matter if they are an international, they know they need to perform on and off the pitch. “To describe my relationship with Ferguson, I was never scared of him, but I was scared to disappoint him and that's the difference. I feel like now, the players are scared to disappoint Ten Hag. “Ten Hag won't let anything go, he solved the Cristiano Ronaldo matter and trust me, I don't see any other players there that won't play for Ten Hag, and he doesn't have time for that because he doesn't want to fail. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “He's brought the discipline and people don't feel safe, that's why they're performing. “He's won their trust, you can see that he loves his players, and he wants the best for them. You can see that when he is telling them something it's because he wants them to be at their best.” Evra was speaking ahead of United’s FA Cup clash with Everton on Friday. And the former defender, who failed to win the competition during his time there, has admitted it brings back painful memories for him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The FA Cup means so much to me, and I've been hurt in this competition so many times,” he said. “The first final at the new Wembley, it was United v Chelsea and it was the season when I was named the best left-back in the Premier League. “I played in the semi-final as a right-back. I remember I was supposed to start that final and in the morning Ferguson said to me: ‘you're not starting, son.’ “I remember after 10 minutes, Ferguson made me warm up for the whole game and I didn't come on. “We lost 1-0, Drogba scored and I was fuming. I took my medal and threw it on the floor, I was very upset about missing out on that game. “That is the only trophy missing for me in England. Every time we were playing the B team or the C team, I was always upset because I wasn't playing because I wanted to win that cup. “I also remember when we lost against Portsmouth in the semi-final. We didn't play with our regular starting team and Rio Ferdinand even ended up playing in goal. “Afterwards, I felt like we just didn't want to win that cup. It's a beautiful competition and I really wish I won it. It's always painful for me when the FA Cup comes around.”