Chelsea are stepping up their efforts as they look to sign Mykhailo Mudryk from under the noses of Arsenal, according to reports. The Blues and the Gunners are both big admirers of the Shakhtar Donetsk star. And the Blues are determined to secure his signature as they look to turn their season around. Chelsea have endured a horrendous season so far, with the Blues toiling under both Thomas Tuchel and Potter despite spending lavishly back in the summer. And as the Blues look to boost their hopes of finishing in the top four, The Sun claim they’re stepping up their efforts to sign Mudryk from Shakhtar. The 21-year-old has agreed personal terms with rivals Arsenal, who have made the Ukraine international their priority target as they look to win the Premier League title. It’s said Chelsea have ‘already started discussions’ as they look to land the forward, with a meeting involving Shakhtar director Darijo Srna set up for next week. It’s claimed Chelsea will have to offer an overall package of £80million to land their man, including £60m up front with a further £20m in add-ons. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Blues are already pursuing Benfica star Enzo Fernandez, who impressed as Argentina recently won the World Cup in Qatar. And whether they’re able to acquire Mudryk remains to be seen, with Arsenal still hopeful he’ll choose a move to the Emirates instead. Mudryk has been hinting he’s keen on a move to north London, uploading numerous images and clips of himself watching Arsenal in action. He’s been in outstanding form this season, bagging 10 goals across all competitions - with eight coming in the Champions League. And he’s also clocked up eight assists as well to establish himself as one of the best young players in the whole of world football. Mudryk’s preference, the report adds, is still to join Arsenal at the current moment in time. Yet there’s a feeling the Gunners are ‘a long way off’ when it comes to landing the forward, which has invited Chelsea to join the bidding. Arsenal are hoping to agree terms with Shakhtar before they travel to Turkey next week for a training camp. But fans should be bracing themselves for the saga to drag on, with the report saying it could be prolonged until the end of the window. Chelsea tried to hijack Arsenal when it came to signing Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City back in the summer. Yet they were unsuccessful, with the Brazil international opting to move to the current table-toppers instead. Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, thinks Mudryk would be an exciting signing for Arsenal if they’re able to get a deal over the line. “I think Mudryk would be a really exciting signing from what we've seen in the Champions League,” he told Sky Sports. And Carragher also admitted he’d love to see Arsenal win the title, adding: "I would love to see Arsenal win the Premier League. “It's nice to talk about different teams doing different things and for a lot of the time I've been with Sky Sports, Arsenal haven't been particularly good and I've had to be quite negative about them. But look at the start of the season they've had: one defeat, one draw and the rest they've won - and that defeat they didn't deserve to lose. “It's good to see a different team up there, a different story. I really like what Mikel Arteta has done, I interviewed him a few weeks ago and it went really well. “I love watching his team play. They're young players, have lots of energy, it's exciting and it's fast. “When they're on TV, you want to watch them. I would love them to go on and do it.”