Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Happy Valley’s Shafiq Shah star Shane Zaza revealed how he and other cast members would be frequently approached by members of the public, who thought they were real-life police officers. Zaza, 39, has been a firm fixture on the BAFTA-winning Sally Wainwright series since its debut back in 2014 and has featured in all three seasons. His character Shafiq often gets caught in some sticky situations with senior police officer Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) having to bail him out and put him and his fellow junior officers in their place. Addressing getting mistaken for a police officer, Zaza said: “Actually it did happen on this season. “When you’re walking around outside when you’re not around the film crew sometimes. “People would ask questions about certain things or decide to confide in you about something. “I think it was in the previous seasons it happened a few times. Sometimes you think, ‘Do I go along with this? I should probably say something.’ Which we did.” READ MORE: Happy Valley star opens up on 'bittersweet' final season Season three was filmed in various locations including Yorkshire and Manchester last year but Zaza said this case of mistaken identity happened to him in every season of Happy Valley. However, it’s not surprising this happened given how Happy Valley strives for accuracy in its depiction of the police. In fact, Happy Valley creator Wainwright drafted in former police officer and childhood friend Lisa Farrand to serve as a consultant on the drama. Farrand worked with the cast and crew to ensure the drama was as realistic as possible. READ MORE: Happy Valley character most likely to be killed off next exposed Prior to taking on Shafiq in Happy Valley, Zaza spoke about researching the role. He said: “With season one, we did a bit of police training, a few of us did police training beforehand and it’s a crazy, difficult world. It’s a difficult job that they do. “Even just being dressed up as a police officer, quite often, we were - people used to think we were police officers. “Quite often. So it’s a difficult job. It’s draining and it’s consuming, so I have only admiration for what they have to do.” He went on to say about his training: “There was a lot of shadowing and we went along with a police force. “I was one of the lucky ones. Suddenly, they got a phone call and there was a crime that had been committed in a house. “We got there, the blue lights were on and we turned up there and there was blood everywhere. It was quite a scene, actually. They didn’t expect that themselves. “So it was amazing, it was incredible to see and watch these characters as well. So it was amazing just to see how these people, how they were having lunch, having jokes, we were joking, quite light-hearted. But when the uniform comes on, you have to turn it on.” DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] Adding: “There’s a character you have to put on as well when they’re on duty. So it was really interesting to see.” Zaza said it was “an honour” to have worked on Happy Valley, which he praised as one the best shows to have been made in the UK. The actor is now moving on to other projects and will be appearing in the BBC’s forthcoming drama Best Interests starring Michael Sheen and Catastrophe’s Sharon Horgan. He is also going to be appearing in an Apple TV+ series which he recently wrapped on. Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm