Rafael Nadal has congratulated Novak Djokovic on his 10th Australian Open title with an Instagram message, following Roger Federer's earlier post dedicated to the world No 1. It comes after the Serb equalled the Spaniard's all-time record of 22 Grand Slam titles to make the GOAT race as tight as ever. Nadal has followed Federer in congratulating Big Three rival Djokovic on his achievement at the Australian Open, as the 35-year-old became the first player ever to win 10 titles in Melbourne. With his victory, Djokovic also returned to world No 1 and - perhaps most significantly - matched Nadal's all-time men's singles Grand Slam record of 22 overall titles. It's the first time that the Serb has sat on the same number of Major trophies as Nadal since the world No 6 pulled ahead in the standings last year by winning his 21st in Australia and 22nd at the French Open, leaving the GOAT race as heated as it's ever been. But Nadal put their rivalry to one side to send a message to the world No 1. "Amazing achievement Nole @djokernole. Many congrats to you and your team! Well deserved. Enjoy Nole!" he wrote in an Instagram story, before screenshotting the post and sharing it to his account with a further message. JUST IN: Sue Barker has already leaked her replacement as BBC Wimbledon host  Alongside a clapping emoji, he added: "Congrats Nole, to you and your team for this great achievement. Enjoy the moment!" Djokovic's feat means that - as long as both men play - the French Open will mark the first Grand Slam that the 35-year-old and the Spaniard will be playing to one-up each other in the Grand Slam record books after drawing level with 22 each. Djokovic himself discussed the GOAT race after winning his 10th trophy at Melbourne Park, as he was asked whether it motivated him to overtake his rivals and stand alone in history. "Of course I am motivated to win as many slams as possible. At this stage of my career, these trophies are the biggest motivational factor of why I still compete. That's the case without a doubt," he admitted. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz wants Novak Djokovic clash 'soon' as he sends messageDaniil Medvedev drops to four-year low as Rafael Nadal in dangerDjokovic gave Tsitsipas a 'wake-up call' to follow Big Three footsteps  But he downplayed the comparisons to Nadal and Federer in the GOAT debate, adding: "I never really liked comparing myself to others, but of course it's a privilege to be part of the discussion as one of the greatest players of all time. If people see me this way, of course it's very flattering because I know that I give as much effort and energy into trying to win slams as anybody else." And Djokovic was full of fighting talk as he already had his sights set on winning more Majors. "I still have lots of motivation. Let's see how far it takes me. I really don't want to stop here. I don't have intention to stop here. I feel great about my tennis. I know that when I'm feeling good physically, mentally present, I have a chance to win any Slam against anybody," he added. 