Despite stunning royal fans in a chic scarlet trouser suit, fans of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have accused Kate of "copying Meghan" after Meghan wore a similar outfit to the One Young World Summit 2022 in September. Taking to Twitter, one user, under a tweet accompanying a photograph of the Prince and Princess of Wales at the event, wrote: "Oh look dressed like Meghan!" Subtly referring to Meghan, another user wrote: "Can't even come up with her own style." Quote tweeting the original post, a third user wrote: "Bro.. why does she keep dressing like Meghan Markle?!" Another user spotted another time when the pair wore similar outfits in 2011, alongside a split picture of the two in navy, the user wrote: "Kate copies everyone!" READ MORE: King Charles urged to remain silent and warned new BBC Dimbleby interview 'very bad idea' At an event which took place a few days before the late Queen's death, Meghan took centre stage in Manchester to deliver a keynote speech at the One Young World summit. For the Manchester-based event, Meghan declared that it was "nice to be back in the UK". In her speech, Meghan told the 2,000 audience members how her life had changed when she last joined the summit in London in 2019 - singling out her role as a wife and a mother. She, however, made no mention of becoming a senior royal the year before. READ MORE: King Charles pledges £1.95m in donations to seven causes close to his heart Kate, who stepped out alongside her royal husband, beamed as she was greeted by excited onlookers. At the event, the future Queen was joined by a host of well-known celebrities such as presenter Fearne Cotton and former Love Island contestant Zara McDermott. The royal couple stepped out for the star-studded event to mark the Princess' Shaping Us campaign from The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood which aims to boost public understanding of the importance of a child's first five years. DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] The event, which was held at the BAFTA's headquarters, was followed by a drinks reception. The event followed an open letter, which was released by Kate on Saturday, in which she urged people to think about how they can make the world a "more supportive and loving place" for children. Kate, who is passionate about her life's work surrounding the early years phase of childhood, wrote that "healthy, happy children shape a healthy, happy future" in the letter.