Chelsea striker Joao Felix was involved in a furious exchange with Lionel Messi and swore at the Atletico Madrid bench on another occasion during his time playing in Spain. The Blues have signed the ace on loan after he fell out of favour at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. Chelsea shelled out £9.7million on Wednesday to get their hands on Felix until the end of the season. The 23-year-old will be tasked with getting Graham Potter’s side firing again after an underwhelming first half of the season. Potter will be hoping Felix settles into the side quickly and forms a strong bond with his new team-mates. But the player has already shown that he is a fiery character. At the start of 2020, Felix played the full 90 minutes as Atletico stunned Barcelona 3-2 in the Spanish Super Cup semi-final. Just after the referee had blown his half time whistle, Felix appeared to complain about something to Messi as the duo walked off the pitch. The players then exchanged words before members of the two sides rushed over as tempers flared. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Then in February 2021 after Felix had found the back of the net in a 2-0 La Liga victory over Villarreal, the striker yelled expletives towards his own bench as he reportedly shouted: “Shut the f*** up.” At the time, many people believed he was directing his anger at manager Diego Simeone. Simeone played down any sort of rift between the pair, with Felix later explaining his words were directed at team-mate Renan Lodi. “He was winding me up before the game, telling me I didn’t score against anyone,” Felix said. “And when I got the goal I did the gesture for him. You lot like to talk about things you don’t know anything about and create a controversy. My relationship with Cholo (Simeone) is very good. He always tries to help me and we’re here to help each other. I am happy here. You have moments that are not so good any maybe this is one of them, but I’m sure I will come through it.” READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks   Potter will not want a repeat of those incidents from Felix and will instead expect the player to keep his head down and prove just how good he is in front of goal. And with Chelsea currently 10th in the Premier League table after scoring just 20 goals in 17 matches, they will need Felix to hit the ground running as they look to break into the top four and win silverware in the cup competitions. 