If you are trying to kickstart 2023 by losing weight and getting a little fitter there's good news if you subscribe to Virgin Media's TV service. The provider has just announced that it is launching a swathe of bonus content that features workouts which can be performed from the comfort of your living room. In fact, there's a total of 80 free fitness classes which include Disco DanceFit, HIIT and Kids & Fun workouts. Sky has offered something similar for a few years - via the Fiit service on Sky Q - but this exercise content can only be viewed if you pay a monthly fee. That's not the case for Virgin Media users with the exercise boost available for free. All classes are led by experts at Nuffield Health and can be viewed by heading to channel 999. There's also the option to watch the content on demand. Simply head to On Demand or Catch Up > Get Moving for TiVo/ V6 boxes, or for 360/ Stream boxes, head to Box Sets & Movies > Get Moving. READ MORE: Sky TV customers get 'lowest ever' price by making one very simple change Speaking about the launch, David Bouchier, Chief TV and Entertainment Officer at Virgin Media O2, said: “Setting resolutions and creating healthier ‘New year, new you’ habits is often top of people’s goals for the year. However, trying to keep fit whilst juggling everyday demands and the current financial pressures can be challenging. That’s why we’re offering our customers free fitness sessions via Virgin TV to provide a convenient and cost-effective way to exercise at home." Along with Virgin Media trying to help you get fit there's also a huge boost coming from Apple this month. The firm has just announced a huge upgrade to Fitness+ service with new Kickboxing classes launching along with workouts that feature music by Beyoncé. If you need some extra help getting motivated after the Christmas binge then Apple is also launching two new programmes aimed at helping you get started. These collections include "6 Weeks to Restart Your Fitness" and "Level Up Your Core Training" with both offering simple ways to boost your fitness over a set period of time. Other updates include more top names, such as Jamie Lee Curtis, joining Time to Walk and there are new mediation sessions that can help get you off to sleep at night. The Fitness+ upgrade is rolling out throughout this month.