Buildings have been evacuated following a huge fire in Edinburgh today. More than 40 firefighters have swarmed on a street in Edinburgh New Town and are tackling fierce flames.  Photographs shared on Twitter show several fire engines in the heart of the Scottish capital. A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "We were alerted at 11.29am on Monday, January 23 to reports of a building fire at Rose Street, Edinburgh. "Operations Control immediately mobilised two appliances to the scene and on arrival firefighters found a building well alight. "A further eight appliances, including a high reach, were mobilised and crews remain on scene as they work to extinguish the fire. No casualties have been reported."   The fire is believed to have started at or near Jenner's, a former department store. "Big fire behind Jenners," tweeted one resident. Another posted: "Big fire at old Jenners building on Rose Street #Edinburgh. "Fire engines on scene and offices & shops nearby being evacuated." A third posted online: "There is currently a fire at the rear of #Jenners in Edinburgh. Several fire engines on scene, Marks and Spencer on Princes Street is closed and footpath closed off."  It is unclear if anyone has been hurt in the fire. It happened near Edinburgh Waverley train station. Buses have been diverted due to road closures.  Jenner's, which was Scotland's oldest independent department store, closed in December 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic. In June 2022, plans to restore Jenners to its "former glory" were given the go ahead by councillors who unanimously granted permission for work to turn the building into a luxury hotel. Key aspects such as the central atrium and outside signage were expected to be kept in place while plans said the building would undergo significant alterations to form a boutique 96-bedroom hotel on the upper floors. A new seventh floor was expected to be added to the 1905 extension on the corner of South St David Street and Rose Street to make space for a gym, plant enclosure and roof terrace bar. 