Two weeks ago today, Lisa Marie was at Graceland for the annual celebration of Elvis' birthday. You can see her in the video above. Tragically, the intimate private funeral took place this morning for the only child of Elvis Presley, attended by family and close friends. Fans started gathering on the lawn at Graceland from the early hours for the public memorial service which started at 2pm UK time. Watch the full live stream below. Lisa Marie collapsed at home on January 12 after suffering a cardiac arrest, just two days after appearing at the Golden Globes. At the time, concerned fans and observers had commented on how frail the singer had looked. She was rushed to hospital where doctors pronounced her dead later that day. She is survived by her mother Priscilla Presley, daughter Riley Keough by first husband Danny Keough, and twins Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood and Finley Aaron Love Lockwood, by fourth husband Michael Lockwood. Lisa Marie's only son Benjamin Keough, Riley, brother, died from an accidental self-administered gunshot wound on July 12, 2020. He is buried at Graceland opposite the plot holding Elvis. The family announced earlier where Lisa Marie would be placed. Elvis Presley, his mother and father Gladys and Vernon, and his grandmother Minnie Mae, are all buried next to each other in the Meditation Garden behind the house. Benjamin is buried a short distance away in a separate plot, the other side of a small pool. His grave has been moved slightly now to accommodate his mother's resting place. The memorial service, held on the lawn at Graceland where Lisa Marie herself had stood just two weeks earlier, opened with a powerful gospel medley including Amazing Grace. After the moving musical intro, it was revealed that Lisa Marie only had one wish for her funeral: "Don't make it sad." Speakers spoke of what a "beautiful gift" her life was a paid tribute to "Her passion, her strength, her tenaciousness." Her mother Priscilla read a poem, her daughter Riley wrote a letter to be read out and Sarah Ferguson spoke of their long friendship, during which they called each other "Sissy." Axl Rose made a speech and then performed.