Zara Tindall would have the support of her uncle King Charles III if she chose to sign up for Strictly Come Dancing, according to a royal expert. Zara reportedly could be preparing to take part in the BBC’s celebrity ballroom and latin competition. However, a new poll of Express.co.uk readers has found opposition to the royal starring on the dancing show.  Royal expert Duncan Larcombe has predicted that Princess Anne’s daughter could be persuaded to take part, claiming: “Zara appearing on Strictly is not out of the realm of possibility.” He told OK! Magazine: “It would be a gamble, but I think if she were to say she wanted to do it, she’d have the full support of King Charles. The invitation will already have arrived on Zara’s mat, probably for the umpteenth time, but it would be a very safe programme for her to take part in. Watch this space.” Her husband Mike Tindall starred in the latest series of ITV’s reality show I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! Reflecting on this Mr Larcombe said: “Appearing in the jungle was a huge gamble for Mike, but it’s really paid off. I think we can expect to see a lot more of him and Zara over the coming year.” He continued: “The signs are good for Zara and Mike and they might be able to play a more significant role with their celebrity status, if not their royal status. Anything that’s good for their profiles should also be good for King Charles.” READ MORE: Zara Tindall could be eyeing up Strictly Come Dancing stint In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 9.30am on Friday, December 30, to 1.30pm on Friday, January 13, asking readers: “Should Zara Tindall take part in Strictly Come Dancing?” In total, 1,497 readers responded with the overall result being “no” she should not, gaining 53 percent (789 people) of votes cast. By contrast, 45 percent (679 people) said “yes” they woud like Zara to take part and a further two percent (29 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed seeing the royal on Strictly.  Many readers thought that it would be wrong for Zara to take part, with username Helt52 commenting that she is “not a celebrity”. Another, username Freckles49 said: “I don’t think so. I really like Zara but although she and Mike are not senior royals, and have no titles, they are very prominent in the Royal Family. “The Royal Family have to keep some mystique or they will lose relevance if they just seem like the rest of us. They shouldn’t be earning their living on television shows.” Username Dangerouscoffeeangel wrote: “No retain some dignity, please.” And username finace said: “No. Absolutely not. Zara, should stick with the age-old wisdom, ‘Would my mother do this?’” DON'T MISS: Zara Tindall divides fans with yet another 'too short' dress [REACTION]Zara Tindall in her element as she dodges royal drama with Mike in Oz [LATEST]Zara's engagement ring 'sets her apart from other royals' [PICTURES] Whereas other readers argued that Zara should consider appearing on the show. Username adele1saysfude commented: “Sure, why not! Zara doesn't have a title and she isn't a senior or working royal. “Just being a member of the Family shouldn't stop her from doing it. She makes her own money, has her own life and her own successes in life so there's no reason she shouldn't if she is so inclined to do it.” Similarly, username TheBride said: “She should. The Family needs to have more joy and fun outside of their duties. This is modernisation. “No one can expect younger people to want such a formal life if they don’t make some allowances for fun and external activities.” Some readers thought that Zara’s equestrian background would serve her well on the show, with username citizenz1234 writing: “Sports people tend to have a competitive nature and do well. So if she thinks she would like to give it a whirl then I say go for it.” And username Rex_N added: “There is no reason why not. In her sport, she has been a world champion and Olympic silver medallist and she is a personality in her own right.” Strictly Come Dancing’s head judge Shirley Ballas has said she would like to see “somebody from the Royal Family” take part in the show, telling Metro.co.uk at the TV Choice Awards in November that she had her eye on Mike. The popular programme is reportedly looking to sign up a celebrity couple for its 21st series, and a source told The Sun: “Bosses on the show are always looking at ways to keep the format fresh and they loved the idea of having a celebrity couple competing against one another.”