Arsenal are reportedly ready to make a “serious offer” for Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic after missing out to Chelsea in the race to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Gunners were thought to be the frontrunners to sign the 22-year-old winger, but Chelsea swooped in with an improved offer to Shakhtar Donetsk and swiftly wrapped up a move for the Ukrainian star. Mudryk was paraded around the Stamford Bridge pitch at half-time of Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Sunday, though Arsenal's woes of missing out on the winger would've been eased as they extended their lead at the top of the Premier League table to eight points with a 2-0 win away to Tottenham following Manchester City's loss at Manchester United. Though many have claimed that after losing out on Mudryk, another forward should be brought in to bolster Mikel Arteta’s forward line as their lack of quality in depth has been highlighted during their stellar campaign. Foot Mercato claim that the domino effect of Arsenal failing to sign Mudryk has led them to up their interest in Serbian striker Vlahovic. The 22-year-old only moved to Juventus a year ago and Arsenal were linked with a move for the then-Fiorentina hitman at the time as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang had recently left the Emirates, though a move was deemed too expensive. However, the report claims that Arteta is ready to bet strongly on Vlahovic and divert the funds that were intended for Mudryk, to Juventus for their striker. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Arsenal have been without Gabriel Jesus since the World Cup break while Eddie Nketiah has deputised ably, but after Arteta’s admission that the Brazilian may be out for longer than expected, there is a worry that an injury to the front three that started in the north London derby could hamper their title challenge. "Hopefully we will have him [Jesus] back [for the final few months],” Arteta told Sky Sports ahead of Sunday’s win over Spurs. "Obviously it was a serious injury, a bit longer than we expected it. He is going to try to do everything he can to make it shorter but we're going to miss him for a while."  Juventus may be willing to part with Vlahovic despite being ten points off Serie A leaders Napoli, as they could start preparing for potential financial worries in the future. The club’s entire board, including president Andrea Agnelli, resigned from their roles in November after their financial statements underwent scrutiny by prosecutors and Italian market regulator Consob for alleged false accounting and market manipulation. Vice-president Pavel Nedved also stepped down, and a new board of directors were named a month later ahead of a January transfer window that could be met with financial disruption and ambiguity, with Vlahovic again being linked with a move to Arsenal after six goals in 10 Serie A appearances so far this campaign.