In the next few days, 10 new contestants will be entering the new villa in South Africa on a mission to find love. Tiktok star Will Young, who found fame on his account updating his followers about his farm animals will be looking for "the one". He recently opened up about his future farm work and expressed he would like to follow in Jeremy Clarkson's footsteps. Will explained that he is the sixth generation of his family's farm, and has left the role in the hands of someone new while he is away in the villa. When asked what he has done to prepare for the villa, Will told Express.co.uk and other press: "The big thing that I've done is just like prepare at home from a farming point of view. "You know, get as much done as I can beforehand. Obviously, someone's come in to fill my spot essentially when I'm away. "So I spent a lot of time with him just as much as I can just trying to teach him you know, how on the farm works, what to do and different things like that. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire "So I'd say that's the biggest for me preparation I had to make." When asked if he would eventually like his own show like Jeremy Clarkson's Amazon hit, Clarkson's Farm, he seemed excited at the prospect. Will exclaimed: "That would be wicked, wouldn't it! it would be the absolute dream." When discussing how he got into farming, Will explained: "So I'm the sixth generation so it's been in the family for a long, long time. "And when I was growing up my dad, I've got an older brother and my dad was very much the opinion that he wasn't gonna make me or my brother farm. "Because, you know, back in the day, it's if you're a farmer's son, you will farm and that's kind of like what happened to my dad. "So he was very much adamant on me and my brother growing up and was like 'go out into the world have a little adventure'. "See what you like and just know that the farm is always going to be here for you." DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [LATEST]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [WATCH] This year, Love Island have their first blind contestant, Ron Hall after their first inclusive deaf contestant last year, Tasha Gouri. Ron, 25, is a financial advisor from Essex and has revealed that he is looking to settle down with the right woman. Opening up about his accident, he explained: "When I was eight, I was playing football. I was in a match and the ball basically came over and as I went down to head the ball, he [the other player] went up with his foot and basically knocked me out. "Detached my retina, went to the hospital the next day and they basically said 'look, detached retina blah blah, should be fine.' "Had a load of operations but I don't know what happened with it all but basically it became very severe and things [with] the operations you know either weren't working or it was too severe, or we didn't pick it up quick enough." Maya Jama will be taking over the ITV2 dating programme after Laura Witmore stepped down from the series. ITV also recently imposed new rules surrounding the contestants handing over their social media to their friends and family. This year they have asked the contestants to pause their accounts for the duration of the show to try and pull back on the trolling. Love Island begins Saturday, January 14 from 9pm on ITV2.