When you put your property on the market, there are small things you might not notice that could stand out to potential buyers - and not in a good way. It’s important to know how you can make your property more appealing to buyers and how you can make changes to improve the chances of selling your home. With this in mind, Tim Leonard, personal finance expert at NerdWallet, has shared eight red flags that could make your home less appealing to potential buyers. Tim said: “Damp is probably the biggest turn-off when a potential buyer is viewing a property. “If there is damp anywhere, it should be properly treated. Fail to address the issue and it is not only likely to reduce buyer interest, but could also come back to haunt you in a survey.” A smell is often the first thing buyers are hit with when they enter a property so it’s understandable why bad smells can put someone off buying a house. Whether it’s from pets, smoking, damp or dirt, a lingering bad smell won’t go down well with potential buyers. Tim said: “If viewings will be carried out in person, it’s worth deep cleaning your home to get rid of any stale smells at the source. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ laundry staple to remove ‘crusty’ grease from oven racks “It can also be beneficial to use air fresheners and other pleasantly smelling scents like room sprays or candles, if you think there are sources of bad smells. “And don't underestimate the power of opening a couple of windows to let fresh air circulate. “A fresh and pleasantly smelling home will create an inviting environment from the moment a potential buyer steps through your front door and give a good first impression from the start.” Kerb appeal refers to the attractiveness and aesthetic appeal of the property you’re selling. It acan also refer to factors like the front garden and the overall exterior of the home. DON'T MISSPest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [UPDATE]Mum's homemade spray to 'remove mould and prevent it coming back' [ANALYSIS] A front garden that’s overgrown with rubbish bins overflowing, dirty front windows, grotty paintwork and old fencing is unlikely to appeal to prospective buyers. Tim added: “When cleaning and tidying before a viewing or pictures, don’t forget the outside of the property; make sure leaves are swept up, any litter is picked up, weeds and overgrown plants are tended to, and your front door is clean and tidy. “If you have some money to spare, investing in a couple of plants can make a world of difference and instantly give a good first impression – which could increase the likelihood of a viewer putting in an offer.” READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you have clothes, possessions and general clutter around the house, either in photos or during viewings, this could impact how buyers view your home. Clutter of any kind “can turn buyers off”, as they won’t be able to see their possessions in the home or imagine how the space can work for them. Tim said: “Less is more when it comes to selling a house. If a potential buyer sees it, ensure to keep photos, ornaments and personal items on display to a minimum. Too much of this can make the place seem smaller and the buyer might not be able to see past this.” Walking into a home that’s too hot or too cold can be uncomfortable for buyers. Keep temperatures at an “optimum level” to help “avoid bad impressions” and any questions about whether the heating system works properly. Boilers are expensive to replace so it’s understandable that buyers want to feel confident that they’re not going to be let down by a broken, old and inefficient heating system when they buy a home. Tim added: “If you want to sell your home, it might be worth considering upgrading a failing boiler to a newer and more efficient model to assure buyers that the heating system won’t let them down for years to come.”