Max Verstappen has branded a virtual motorsport race a “clown show” after he was disconnected and forced to retire. The double world champion called the Virtual Le Mans 24 Hours race a “joke” after technical glitches plagued his race. Verstappen was competing with his Team Redline squad and was leading the event until disaster struck. The team disconnected from the race on Sunday morning with about six hours remaining of the online event. Organisers had complained of server issues with the race red-flagged due to a “security breach” on Saturday evening. Verstappen’s team dropped down the field after the issues in a move which left the Dutchman fuming. He vented his anger at the race organisers as he issued a damning verdict on his Twitch stream. He said: “They can’t even control their own game. This is the third time already that has happened to me now, being kicked off the game while doing this race. READ MORE: Verstappen 'feigning polite view' on new Mercedes ahead of 2023 season “This is also the last time ever because what’s the point? You prepare for five months to try and win this Championship, you are leading the Championship, you try to win this race which you have prepared for two months and they handle it like this. Honestly, it is a joke. You cannot even call it an event. It’s a clown show. “That’s why it’s better to retire the car because driving around in P15 for six hours makes no sense for everyone. It’s a disgrace with all the effort we have put in as a team. I really hope the organisers consider where they put this game going forward because on this platform it’s not going to work. “It’s game over. I think I have more chance if I just go to Vegas and the casino…I would have more chance to win.” It's not the first time Verstappen has been caught out by issues while competing in the prestigious online event. DON'T MISSRed Bull were forced to axe 154 staff members after budget cap rules [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen conspiracy theory raised after Drive to Survive return [ANALYSIS]Four stars on big deals but is Hamilton or Verstappen better paid? [COMMENT] The Red Bull star was leading the inaugural race in 2020 before a frozen screen led to a collision with another competitor. The 2022 event was eventually won by Verstappen’s team-mates in the #2 Team Redline car. The race came with a £102,000 ($125,000) prize pool while the wider Le Mans Virtual series comes with an eye-watering £204,000 ($250,000) award. Verstappen added: “It's just a shame for everyone in the team, we all wanted to do well here… and then you get this. “I think I’m going to uninstall the game. That’s nice…frees up a bit of space on the PC anyway. And I really hope everyone uninstalls the game.”