Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, US-based royal expert Marlene Koenig has described the Duke and Duchess of Sussex of being "trapped" in a vicious cycle with their ongoing potshots towards the Royal Family. In his memoir, Harry fired new claims towards his family, particularly focusing on his brother, the Prince of Wales, and his stepmother, Camilla, the Queen Consort. Ms Koenig said: "There is the view that they are trapped in this story [and] this cycle of hurling bombs at members of Harry's family." Speaking of the US press, she added: "There has also been a discussion about hypocrisy and the comments that the Royal Family is not racist... but Harry and Meghan let this falsehood fester for nearly 2 years." She added that this was "intentional". The royal expert added: "Harry complains about the press but when the UK ran with this story, Harry did not immediately issue a statement." READ MORE: William urged to explain Harry's 'extraordinary allegation' about sabotage against Meghan She noted that Meghan and Harry want to "control their own narrative" and, with the book release, this is what "Harry is doing now". Speaking of Harry's recent interview on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, she noted that Harry did get a "huge applause and a standing ovation". Ms Koenig concluded there is a "bit of fatigue" with the focus of Harry and Meghan in the media. She added that this is due to the focus being on "the woe is me and what they did to Meghan and I". READ MORE: Harry urged to rethink as experts claim royal humiliated himself in US media blitz In March 2021, Meghan and Harry launched their first set of attacks on the Royal Family during their sit-down with Oprah Winfrey. The interviews, which came one year after their royal exit, saw Meghan reveal conversations had taken place, in private, over concerns of the skin colour that their then-unborn son would have. In his host recent interviews, which were releaed to accompany his bombshell memoir, Harry denied the couple had suggested that the Royal Family was racist. DON'T MISS  Prince Harry has denied calling the Royal Family racist in his 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. Harry has claimed that, instead, the word "racist" was used by the British tabloid press in the aftermath of the couple's comments with Oprah. In the book, Harry made some brand-new claims against the Royal Family and spoke of his time as a senior royal. Harry revealed that he and William asked their father not to marry Camilla and how Charles told him that Meghan was not welcome to go to Balmoral after the late Queen's death.