Lockwood and Co is on Netflix and the show is based on the books of the same name by Jonathan Stroud. Season one ended on a huge cliffhanger as Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman) went to reveal a secret about his past. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future.  The series saw Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) move to London in a bid to find a new job at a paranormal investigation agency. She came across Lockwood and Co, London's smallest agency, run by Anthony and his researcher George Karim (Ali Hadji-Heshmati). After some initial tensions as the trio got to know one another, they became close friends by the end. Not wanting any more lies between them, Lockwood went to show Lucy and George what was behind the door they had been banned from opening. The series ended before viewers got to see what was in Lockwood's secret room. READ MORE: Lockwood and Co boss on 'aging up' the cast Although the show has not officially been renewed by Netflix, a second season is highly likely. The fact the show ended on such a major cliffhanger suggests it was created with multiple seasons in mind. Also, as the show is based on a series of five books, there is plenty of source material still to work with. Author Stroud wrote The Screaming Staircase, The Whispering Skull, The Hollow Boy, The Creeping Shadow and The Empty Grave. Viewers can also be reassured by the positive ratings as the series has already made its way to the top of the Netflix chart. The streamer usually waits at least three weeks to see how well a show has performed before they make the decision whether to renew it. With this in mind, fans should hopefully have news of a second season by the end of February 2023. Creator Joe Cornish said he would like the series to air for at least two more seasons. Speaking to Radio Times he said: "Well, there are five books. Season one encompasses the first two books. "So we think there's definitely two more seasons we'd love to make out of the remaining books. DON'T MISS... Norrie suffered a heartbreaking fate in Lockwood and Co Lockwood and Co cast explained as stars behind Anthony and Lucy shine Lockwood and Co family tree exposes Anthony's mystery sister "It's lovely to be working on a story where, if you read the books, you kind of know where it's going, and you know that it’s all been thought through, it's a breadcrumb trail. "Little breadcrumbs have been laid in this season that then pay off massively as the story goes forward. "So it's not one of these things where we're making it up as we go along. There's very much an overall game plan." He teased the books get better and better, so for him, season one was only the beginning of something spectacular. George star Ali Hadji-Heshmati said he would love for his character to figure out what happened in the 80s regarding the ghosts taking over. Lucy actress Ruby said she would love for her character to save the boys from a sticky situation. Meanwhile, Lockwood actor Cameron wanted to explore his character's vulnerable side, one which allows him to be saved by others. Viewers took to Twitter to express their hopes for a second season, with Wayne saying: "So @netflix why don't you do us a favor and announce #LockwoodandCo Season 2??? We have to keep dealing with The Problem!" Kimberly Robertson said: "@netflix I'm telling you NOW there BETTER be a season 2 of #LockwoodandCo, especially with that cliffhanger ending!!!"  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now.