A flight was booked to take Nicolo Zaniolo to Bournemouth after the Italian finally approved the transfer but the deal is now OFF due to the Cherries' lack of funds, according to sensational reports in Italy. In the past few days, representatives from Bournemouth's hierarchy flew to Rome to try and strike an agreement on personal terms with the 23-year-old but Zaniolo did not even give them the time of day. Instead, he told Roma he did not wish to meet with senior Bournemouth figures as he had no interest in making the move to the Vitality Stadium. The Cherries are understood to have agreed a package with Roma worth up to £25million including add-ons leaving the Serie A outfit furious with their player. But according to Italian transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio, Zaniolo finally agreed to join Bournemouth and a flight was booked to take him to England. However, it's claimed that because Bournemouth have since spent heavily on other targets, they no longer have the financial muscle to get a deal over the line. READ MORE: Leeds rocked by Nicolo Zaniolo deadline day twist with Roma ready to approve transfer The sensational twist still leaves the door open for another potential suitor to pounce with Leeds among those interested in the attacker. Zaniolo is desperate to leave Roma after the club's supporters turned on him for wishing to pursue an exit this month. The player is said to have told Jose Mourinho that he wanted to leave at all costs this month but the Roma boss was not willing to comply. Instead, The Special One stated that Zaniolo would only be sold if Roma's valuation was met - something that only Bournemouth have done this window. DON'T MISS MORE DEADLINE DAY UPDATESMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transferChelsea make decision on letting Conor Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan dealLeeds rocked by Nicolo Zaniolo deadline day twist with Roma ready to approve transfer Leeds are said to have failed with an initial loan approach as Leicester continue to probe for Jack Harrison. The Whites are against the idea of losing the former Manchester City and New York City attacker but he is now attracting Premier League interest after entering the final 18 months of his current deal. Tottenham have also been firm admirers of Zaniolo and failed with a loan-to-buy offer this month as Fabio Paratici tried to tie up a deal for Antonio Conte. Spurs also tried to land the attacking midfielder in the summer transfer window but they failed to strike an agreement with Roma. Reports in the Italian press also claim Zaniolo's agent Claudio Vigorelli is currently in Milan attempting to entice the Rossoneri into a move. Ideally, Zaniolo would like to remain in Italy but a Premier League move cannot be ruled out in the final hours of the window. Local police in Rome were forced to disperse angry Roma fans that had congregated around the player's property in the city. Zaniolo's mother has since said of her son's concerning situation: "It's a disaster. Before it was only Lazio supporters who insulted him. Now it's Roma fans, too."