Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has broken a transfer promise by not pursuing Ajax midfielder Edson Alvarez during the January window. The Blues appear to have snubbed the Mexico international and have instead targeted the likes of Moises Caicedo, Amadou Onana and Enzo Fernandez in an attempt to strengthen their midfield. Boehly completed his takeover of Chelsea at the end of last May after former Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich was forced to put the club on the market in the wake of his country’s invasion of Ukraine. The American shelled out around £274million last summer to sign the likes of Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella and Kalidou Koulibaly. During that window, the Blues reportedly made a late £43m bid for Alvarez as Boehly went in search of midfield reinforcements. Ajax turned the offer down, with Boehly telling the player he would come back in for him at a later date, according to transfer expert Ben Jacobs, who was speaking to The Football Terrace. But Boehly has gone back on his promise after failing to contact the player since last year. Chelsea appeared to be the frontrunners to sign Caicedo from Brighton after submitting a £55m bid for the 21-year-old. But Brighton turned that fee down, with Arsenal since coming to the table by presenting an offer of £60m in exchange for the Ecuador international. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Onana, meanwhile, is another player who has impressed in the Premier League this term, despite plying his trade for strugglers Everton. But the 21-year-old intends to stay at Goodison Park until at least the end of the season. Fernandez is perhaps the most valuable player of Chelsea’s three targets after playing a starring role in Argentina’s World Cup campaign in Qatar before Christmas as his country lifted the trophy for the first time since 1986. But the Blues look set to miss out on him as well after refusing to stump up his release clause of £106m. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks    Chelsea have struggled for form this season and have fallen to 10th in the Premier League table after winning just eight of their 20 matches. The likes of Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and Ruben Loftus-Cheek have all flattered to deceive in the middle of the pitch throughout the campaign, with Boehly chasing new players to solve the team’s woes. And Alvarez could yet prove to be the perfect addition to the Blues squad after impressing for Ajax in the Eredivisie and the Champions League since moving to Holland from CF America in his homeland back in 2019. 