The incident is reported to have happened last month in December before Christmas when King Charles was having an outing with Queen Camilla in London. His Majesty found it amusing and laughed about the event afterwards. A friend of King Charles told the Daily Mail that King Charles and Queen Camilla were attending a party in a pub when the accident happened. The pub worker was reportedly carrying a large tray of food from the kitchen and facing backwards when he ran into the King. The friend said: “He opened the door to the room using his back, so he could keep both hands on the heavy tray. "Then he bumped into someone. He turned round and saw it was the King. Shocked, he said: ‘Sorry, King.’” King Charles and the friends he was with reportedly found it amusing that he was referred to as “King” instead of the correct royal address. The friend continued: “[The worker] was later told by his boss that the King found it really funny and it was the first time he’d been called "King". “In future, he should call him, "Your Majesty".” In the days following the incident, King Charles was reported laughing and having fun in public, appearing to end the year on a high note. READ MORE: King's coronation plans laid bare by royal expert Two weeks ago, King Charles visited a Jewish community centre in the North where he was seen clapping and dancing to music. He was reported dancing to the Hora, a traditional Jewish dance usually performed at weddings, where he held hands with two pensioners as the audience cheered. Later on in the day, King Charles was seen grinning after people gathered outside the centre and was spotted waving happily as some people in the crows chanted his name. On Christmas Day, King Charles and Queen Camilla were both smiling as they greeted well-wishers before attending a church service at Sandringham, where the royals traditionally go to celebrate the festive holidays. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's blunt verdict about return to royal life [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [REVEAL]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [INSIGHT] They were also joined by Prince William and Kate Middleton alongside their grandchildren, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. It was the first time four-year-old Prince Louis attended the traditional walkabout, in which the Royal Family greet members of the public. One person in the crowd, Gemma Clark who travelled with her 72-year-old father in a wheelchair from Lincolnshire, said it was “absolutely brilliant” to meet members of the Firm. She said: “I love them to bits, especially the children, the children are amazing, "Prince Louis - I love Louis. He's always cheeky, that Louis is, but I love him.”