Although Britons can travel nearly everywhere without restrictions now, many are opting for a staycation in 2023. The most popular destination in 2022 was Cornwall. Holiday home manufacturers, Willerby, looked for some of Cornwall’s hidden gems which might surprise holidaymakers this year. The team said: “Cornwall was revealed to be the top UK holiday destination for 2022 and has been a popular destination for many years thanks to its crystal blue waters, high cliffs and stunning countryside. “If you’re looking for a truly remote beach that has you feeling like you’re abroad, look no further than Lantic Bay. “Located on the quiet, but stunning stretch of coast between Fowey and Polpeero this is not the kind of place you simply stumble upon. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade “This sweeping crescent of light-coloured sand sheltered by high green cliffs could easily be mistaken for more exotic climes on a summer’s day, when there are yachts moored in the crystal clear waters off the beach.” Managed by the National Trust, Lantic Bay feels particularly special and is the perfect spot for paddling. It’s a little off the beaten track so tourists might want to bring a picnic with them to the beach for the day. It’s also a great fishing spot with chances for bass, mackerel and pollock during the summer season. While Cornwall is a popular staycation destination, it’s not the cheapest option for a beach holiday in the UK. Tourists will find better prices if they travel out of season or outside of school holidays when accommodation is likely to be cheaper. Families could save by sharing accommodation with family friends which could split the cost during school holidays. Renting a house and eating in for the majority of meals is a great way to boost a holiday budget. READ MORE: Easiest country in Europe to learn the language named Chloe Lidster, director of customer experience at Willerby, said: “Many of us are aware that the UK is looking to become net zero by 2050 and I think it is something Brits will think about more when planning future holidays. “We understand that this isn’t at the front of everyone’s minds now, but the increase in staycations during 2022 has definitely had a positive impact. “By staying in the UK, we are cutting our carbon footprint, and there are so many beautiful destinations in the UK to explore. We hope this trend continues.” Willerby has its own sustainability calculator which Britons can use to plan more eco-friendly holidays.