Prince Harry has been doing a series of interviews the last few days to promote his new memoir, ‘Spare’, which came out on Tuesday. However, one marketing guru has taken a look at the Sussexes’ strategy and said the royal couple have looked “a bit insincere”. Edward Coram James, a PR strategist and CEO of Go Up, claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have made a mistake in failing to "get their story straight". In an interview with the Daily Star, the marketing expert said: A lot of the strategy that they have been rolling out is 101 of what not to do, "The difficulty and the error in what they’ve done is very plain for people to see. "They have said, very publicly, things like: 'We are doing this because we just want a quiet life.' "But you don’t look for peace while declaring war."    In their first interview after stepping down as senior royals, the couple sat down with Oprah Winfrey and alleged that someone within the Royal Family had raised inappropriate “concerns” about “how dark” their son, Archie, would be when he was born. At the time, Meghan alleged there had been “several conversations” about it and refused to name who it was out of concern it would be “very damaging” to them. The Duchess also claimed the conversations were “relayed” to her by Prince Harry, and Orpah asked if they were concerned that Archie would be “too brown” and if it would be a problem She said: “I wasn’t able to follow up with why, but that — if that’s the assumption you’re making, I think that feels like a pretty safe one.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's Spare becomes fastest selling non-fiction book ever In his recent interview with journalist Tom Bradby on ITV, Harry denied that he or Meghan accused the Royal Family of racism in their Oprah Winfrey interview. Bradby said: "A couple of things, you talk about accountability, in the Oprah interview, you accused members of your family of racism." Prince Harry replied: “No, I didn't... The British press said that". The royal implied that rather than it being a racist comment, it was unconscious bias. He added: "So again going – going back to the difference between what my understanding is because of my own experience, the difference between racism and unconscious bias, the two things are different. "But once it's been acknowledged, or pointed out to you as an individual, or as an institution, that you have unconscious bias, you, therefore, have an opportunity to learn and grow from that in order so that you are part of the solution rather than part of the problem. "Otherwise, unconscious bias then moves into the category of racism." DON'T MISS: Hundreds queue up to buy Prince Harry's book [REVEAL]Prince Harry surprised when personal security removed [INSIGHT]Prince Harry mocked for not seeing irony of wanting private royal talk [REPORT] Mr Coram James said that the Duke and Duchess have “made a very large amount of noise” but “in doing so have looked a bit insincere in their telling of the fact that what they want is a quiet life". He continued: "The optics of that have created scepticism from the start." The PR expert added: "They didn’t get their story straight from the start, and that’s the number one thing you have to get right. "The Sussexes have had a year to create this strategy and it’s just not very good. It’s a strategy devoid of a strategy and is being led by the Sussexes’ pure emotion." Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment.