  The arrival of the New Year brings with it new financial goals, and managing money better isn't usually far from top of the list. Nearly two thirds (64 percent) of Britons confess to giving up resolutions within a month, but by making small changes people can improve monthly finances. Katy Simpson, personal finance expert at Virgin Money, shared six tips: “The start of the New Year is the perfect time to reassess your financial position and begin budgeting and planning for the year ahead. “We hope that these expert tips will help people feel more optimistic about their finances in 2023, and enable them to start the year empowered with some new ways to tackle spending and saving.” READ MORE: Five New Year money resolutions everyone should follow in 2023 Ms Simpson said January can be a challenging month for finances, largely due to the Christmas financial hangover but this also means it’s a great time to tighten the purse strings and prepare for the year ahead. She added: “Start by evaluating your current spending by checking bank statements for regular outgoings. You can then build a budget which allows you to free up money to pay off any outstanding debt, while also setting money aside for savings where possible. “January is also a time to spot areas where you might have spent more than you expected. Inflation and the cost-of-living crisis is making money tighter for many, so be mindful of this and be prepared for your 2023 budget to look different to the previous year. “Make the most of the clever tools available with your personal current account to help you budget. Most are available on the go via your mobile banking app, and they will help you to identify where you might be overspending, so you can then set budgets and check your progress.”     The expert continued: “The start of the year is also a great time to plan ahead and save for upcoming goals, like a weekend away, saving for a house deposit, or simply saving for a rainy day. “Once you’ve planned your budget, work out how much you can realistically put aside each month. Don’t overstretch yourself – little amounts will all add up over time. "Just make sure you set up a monthly direct debit to your savings account, as you’re more likely to spend it if it’s left in your current account. “Don’t be afraid to experiment with different methods of saving, like the envelope savings challenge, money round-up apps or the no-spend January challenge. Find a method that is realistic and that motivates you, then stick to it. Save little and often and you’ll soon see your savings increase.”  People could make extra money by decluttering and selling stuff online. Ms Simpson continued: “Most people’s homes contain potential money-making opportunities. Taking advantage of this is as simple as checking through your belongings for things you no longer use but that hold value. “Tidy up your home in the New Year and make the most of the unloved items you have lying around the house. "Sell clothes and accessories on apps like Vinted or Depop, old tech can be sold on Music Magpie, and you’d be surprised what you can sell on local Facebook Marketplace groups or eBay.”  Spring can be a good time to spring clean one's finances and conduct a direct debit detox. She added: “Checking through your energy bills and direct debits can be a great way to cut costs and save throughout the year. “Consider whether you really need multiple entertainment streaming services and think about whether you use the gym enough to justify the membership cost. For bills you can’t cancel, like car insurance or your phone bill, have a look to see if you’re paying more than you need to. If you can find a better deal elsewhere, it’s worth switching providers to save cash. “While rising energy bills are still a concern, you are unlikely to be able to find a better deal with another energy provider right now. However, you could consider installing a smart meter to help you manage your usage better, and make sure you are taking advantage of the government support available.” 