Chris Packham, 61, has achieved his objective after he reached out to Elon Musk, 51, to get Michaela Strachan’s Twitter account reinstated. The conservationist took to his own page to share a photo of his Winterwatch co-star looking glum while holding an image of her locked social media account displayed on her phone. Explaining the bizarre situation, Chris revealed Michaela had seemingly been prevented from tweeting after sharing a post featuring British singer-songwriter David Gray’s appearance on the BBC show. He tweeted in view of his 580,000 followers last night: “Hello @elonmusk just to say my wonderful colleague @michaelastracha has been unceremoniously dumped off @Twitter for posting a clip of @DavidGray on @BBCSpringwatch. Would you mind . . .” The clip in question was captioned by Michaela: “Legends on @BBCSpringwatch!  READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit  “I was always a fan of his music, now I’m an even bigger fan.    “Next week we have another David legend on the show! Any guesses?”    Prior to Michaela’s Twitter page returning to normal, her tweet was missing with a warning replacing the content featuring the singer.    “This Tweet violated the Twitter Rules. Learn more,” a notice read.  Fortunately, just a few hours ago, The Really Wild Show presenter was allowed to take back the reins of her Twitter page. To celebrate, Michaela shared a video of herself jumping for joy in the countryside. The host performed a series of star jumps with a big smile on her face, while clad in a green puffer jacket, blue jeans, and a knitted bobble hat. However, Michaela was still none the wiser as to why her Twitter page was banned. DON'T MISS:Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves Michael Bublé opens up in 'tough' video as he 'leaves wife and kids' Michelle Keegan suffers near wardrobe malfunction in busty display She posted to her 142,000 followers: “Yey! I’m back! @Twitter blocked me for violation for my @DavidGray post!   Fans were quick to welcome Michaela back, with one writing: “Welcome back from the naughty step Michaela now don't do it again!” A baffled viewer added: “What was the reason for the ban? I watched the prog and it seemed fine to me.”  Another Twitter user praised Michaela for her sense of humour, writing: “Excellent play on words!”  Fan @MartynJohnston quizzed: “Intrigued now @michaelastracha. What did you say about @DavidGray that was so bad ?” 