This Bill has already proved hugely controversial. At root, it allows anyone over 16 simply to assert their gender – and requires that everyone must recognise it, however ludicrous they find it. But let’s deal with the issue of gender itself in a moment. For now, when the Government blocks the law, it won’t be acting on the merits or otherwise of the gender reform measures as such, but because their impact would throw equality law across the rest of the UK into disarray. Even though the Scottish Parliament has every right in theory to decide such issues for itself in terms of how they impact Scotland, the consequence would have been that the Scottish Parliament would in effect be making the law for the whole of the UK. The mechanism by which the Bill is to be blocked is Section 35 of the Scotland Act 1998. That gives the Government powers to stop proposed Scottish legislation if it changes the law in an area that is meant to be UK-wide – what is known as “reserved” under devolution powers. One of those areas is the Equality Act 2010. At the moment, to change sex you must first be diagnosed with gender dysphoria and then have a two-year period of medically supervised transition. The Scottish law would have removed those requirements for anyone over 16 born or living in Scotland. That would fundamentally alter how the Equality Act operates. It would change, for example, the meanings of “sex” and “gender reassignment” within the Act, and allow anyone with a Gender Recognition Certificate (GRC) to be included in any place, group or organisation meant solely for women – even if the supposed woman has never been near a doctor and has simply asserted his new gender. It is grotesque. Even female schools would have to admit biological men with a GRC. It’s difficult to see how the Government could have done anything but block it – even if this is now playing into the hands of the SNP, seeking to portray an overweening Westminster government.  But the issue is far more deep-seated than arguments about the constitutional settlement and Scottish and UK law. Because underlying it is the whole madness of self-assertion (or self-identifying as it is also known) and the conflation of gender and sex. There is a distinction between gender and sex and it is vital to understand it. Gender is now used as a form of psychological definition – so a man who suffers from gender dysphoria can indeed identify as a woman and be treated as such with a GRC. Gender is, in other words, a social construct. Sex, however, is immutable, since it is biological. If you are born a man, that is what your sex will always be. If you have a penis, you might take a female gender but you can never not be a biological male. If you think, as any decent person surely must, it is important that women have female-only spaces – whether to escape domestic violence, to go to the loo, or change in a gym, where they can expect not to be faced by a man with a penis – then this conflation of gender and sex has been one of the most worrying steps in recent years. This is not an intellectual argument about the meaning of words. The ideology behind it has shocking real-world consequences. A report by Hilary Cass into the Gender Identity Development Service at the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust found it was “not a safe or viable long-term” option for young people and children.  It is heartbreaking to think how many children have been falsely diagnosed and medically transitioned from one gender to another. Later this month, the Culture Secretary, Michelle Donelan, will meet representatives of leading sports bodies to discuss their plans for ensuring that the only people able to take part in women’s sport are women. At the moment, different sports have their own different approaches. Some allow biological men to compete against biological women. Others – swimming, for example – have realised how ridiculous that is, and decided that only women can compete against women. Now the Government has acted to block the law, it will be an important brake on the march of the ideologues. But there will be pushback from Holyrood. This is, unfortunately, far from the end of this. It is barely the end of the beginning. 