Tottenham chief Daniel Levy has reportedly slapped a £2.5billion price tag on the north London club after fans demanded their ENIC owners to leave on Monday night. Spurs have been linked with an eye-watering takeover by Qatar Sports Investment but it could be difficult to complete due to the Qatar sovereign wealth fund’s ownership of Paris Saint-Germain. Levy believes that his valuation of the club is fair as it is in line with the price that saw London rivals Chelsea sold to the Todd Boehly-led consortium in May last year. The Spurs chairman has argued that the state-of-the-art stadium and training facilities, the London location, and the frequent qualification for the Champions League means the price tag should fall in line with the Blues. Spurs supporters serenaded the 60-year-old businessman with chants of “get out of our club” during their 1-0 win over Fulham on Monday night. But Levy will not sell Spurs for less than his valuation, despite holding talks with QSI. QSI - a subsidiary of Qatar’s public wealth fund - is keen to invest in English football. It has discussed a potential takeover of Spurs but also has interest in Manchester United and Liverpool, two other top-flight clubs who are up for sale. JUST IN: Conte sends direct message to board over Spurs future after Fulham win According to The Athletic, QSI’s eyes are fixed on ‘one objective’ and it wants to purchase Man Utd. However, the Raine Group - the bank charged with overseeing the takeover - wants the investment fund to sell PSG as soon as possible. European football rules state that clubs competing in the same competitions cannot be owned by the same person or group. That would mean QSI must relinquish its control of the Ligue 1 giants before they can plan to own the Red Devils. To get around the laws, the report continues that QSI could create a different structure that is deemed separate from PSG. However, that would create plenty of scrutiny. DON'T MISS...Spurs let down by three flops as Conte gets respite with Fulham winLevy could sign four players to bring Sarri-ball to SpursTottenham clash vs Fulham delayed as fans hit by travel chaos QSI sources deny that Nasser Al-Khelaifi has met with officials from United. Al-Khelaifi is the chairman of QSI and the de facto chair and CEO of PSG. However, reports earlier in January claim that Al-Khelaifi met with Levy. The Guardian reported that two other consortiums are interested in buying Spurs. Spurs’ owners ENIC has been involved in the club since December 2000 when Levy - who has a share in the company owned by Joe Lewis - was appointed to the board. Levy is one of the highest paid executives in the Premier League.