Prince Harry has emerged in public for the first time since he claimed brother Prince William "knocked him to the floor" during an argument about Meghan Markle. The Duke was seen walking his dog alone on beach in California where the couple live with children Archie and Lilibet. The 38-year-old looked sombre while walking with black Labrador Pula along a footpath near a public beach close to his luxury home in Montecito. Wearing a rain jacket and wellingtons, he was pictured packing his dog into the boot of his Range Rover. A copy of the book, due to hit the shelves on Tuesday, has been leaked to the Guardian. In it, Harry claims his brother had "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". Hary claims the attack left him with a visible injury to his back after the incident, which he says happened in 2019 at Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace, where he and Meghan was living at the time. He writes that William "called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. JUST IN: Harry is monetising his father's pain with this dreadful book I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." During the course of their row, William went on to call Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive", while Harry accused his brother of acting like an heir, unable to understand why his younger brother was not content to be a spare. Things rapidly boiled over and turned physical. The duke also claimed William urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but that he refused and William left before returning, looking regretful and apologising. DON'T MISSPrince Andrew sells luxury Verbier ski chalet for £19million [INSIDE PROPERTY]Lidl recalls popular product due to possible contamination [LATEST]'Most awkward moment' for the Royal Family caught on camera [EXCLUSIVE] Harry has paved the way for the publication of Spare with two interviews which will air on Sunday, with CBS's Anderson Cooper and ITV's Tom Bradby. In a clip aired from the latter, he said: "I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back. He adds: "It never needed to be this way" and refers to "the leaking and the planting" before saying: "I want a family, not an institution". Harry also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and that "they have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he refers to. Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have declined to comment. Harry and William, who at 39 is two years old, have been in the public eye since they were born, often being photographed together as children in the company of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, whose coffin they famously walked beside after her death in a car crash in 1997. They appeared to remain close, but there were widespread rumours of a rift which coincided with Harry's decision to marry Meghan. The Sussexes' decision to stand down as frontline royals in 2020 exacerbated the situation, as did their subsequent explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which Meghan accused an unnamed royal of speculating about the skin tone of their as-yet-unborn son Archie. The launch of their six-part documentary series last month saw further allegations levelled, not least that William had "screamed" at Harry, terrifying him. In one clip, Harry shows a text message to his wife from his brother, commenting: "Wow". Harry and Meghan own two dogs, Pula and Guy, a beagle, featured in the documentary series. Pula, named after the Setswana word for rain, put in a cameo appearance two year ago while the couple issued an appeal for peope to vote in advance of the 2020 US Presidential election, walking across the lawn in the background. Pula and Guy also set by Meghan's feet while she interviewed feminist author Gloria Steinem two years ago. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.