Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were upset and worried after a photo was released by Buckingham Palace, in which they didn't appear, a royal biographer has claimed. The photo in question was published only a few days before the couple announced they are stepping down from senior members of the Royal Family in 2020. In the portrait, the late Queen Elizabeth II is standing alongside her three heirs, (then) Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George. The photograph seems to symbolise the continuity of the monarchy and the accession of the newer generations to the throne. However, according to author Andrew Morton, the picture was a hint to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle that they are not valued members of the family and that the Firm can do without them. In his unauthorised biography, 'Meghan: A Hollywood Princess', the author claims the photo made Harry and Meghan question their position in The Firm. He writes: "The royal couple suspected that the entire institution was conspiring against them. As they saw it, the evidence was all around them. "The unspoken code was straightforward: the future of the monarchy was assured, with or without Meghan and Harry." Harry and Meghan left Britain less than two years after they got married in 2018 citing what they saw as the media’s racist treatment of Meghan and a lack of support from the palace. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex unravelled their rift with the monarchy and made hard-hitting claims against senior members of the Royal Family in their Netflix documentary that was released recently. READ MORE: Harry to be 'tough' on William as royal brothers may not 'reconcile' Among other claims, Harry said William screamed at him during a family meeting and accused palace officials of lying to protect his elder sibling, who is now heir to the throne. Meghan talked about wanting to end her life as she struggled to cope with toxic press coverage. Harry said William lashed out at him during a family summit at Sandringham Castle in January 2020 to talk about the couple’s plan to step down as senior royals. “It was terrifying to have my brother scream and shout at me and my father say things that just simply weren’t true. And my grandmother, you know, quietly sit there and take it all in,” Harry said. DON'T MISS: Kaleidoscope takes Netflix viewers ‘out of their comfort zone’Meet the star-studded cast of the Netflix heist series KaleidoscopePrince Harry quick to correct himself after 'misogynistic' slip-up He also accused royal communications officials of “leaking” and “planting” stories in the media, claiming staff would seek to deflect negative coverage of one royal by issuing a story about another member of the family. Meghan, 41, revealed she thought about killing herself amid a torrent of negative media coverage before the couple decided to make a break with the royal household. “It was like ‘All of this will stop if I am not here,’” she said. Harry added that he believed the Mail on Sunday’s publication of a letter Meghan wrote her estranged father — over which she successfully sued the paper’s publisher — contributed to her having a miscarriage in 2020. Neither Buckingham Palace, which represents the King nor William’s Kensington Palace office has commented on the series.