Lucy, 27, has been suffering from Braxton-Hicks contractions as she gears up to welcome her first child with footballer boyfriend Ryan Ledson. The former Corrie actress has been suffering badly with "practice contractions" and even issued a plea to her fans for help on her Instagram Stories. Lucy asked her 535k followers: "Why are my Braxton-Hicks painful? Do any of you know? Am I just pathetic?" Instead of sharing a snap of herself, she uploaded an image of her dog to go alongside her query. Braxton-Hicks are normal during pregnancy and, according to the NHS, are the contractions that may be felt throughout pregnancy, particularly near the end. They are caused by the tightening of the muscles in the uterus. READ MORE: Mark Ruffalo begs fans to pray for Marvel 'brother' Jeremy Renner  While they are completely normal, if a pattern occurs more regularly, it could be a sign labour has started. Her pregnancy was first announced in September last year, as she looks forward to starting a family with her beau Ryan. At the end of December, Lucy - who played the role of Bethany Platt on Corrie - revealed she was "just five weeks away" from her due date. She shared 3D images of the baby and jokingly wrote "same", alongside an image where her child appeared to be yawning. She also held a "wild" baby shower to celebrate earlier in the month in Liverpool. Guests at the bash partied well into the night as they were treated to a bottomless Prosecco cart and a live DJ set. And at Christmas, Lucy took to social media to post personal pics of her festivities. She uploaded a carousel of photos from the festive period where she wore an array of outfits including pyjamas and formal wear, as she showed off her blossoming baby bump ahead of an exciting 2023 for her and Ryan. And she opened up on how the day didn't exactly go to plan, writing: "It may have ended in a sickness bug, but it’s been a Holly jolly one with our family nonetheless. Merry Christmas everyone." The soap star previously said that she's "scared but excited" to be welcoming a baby following her recent heartache after suffering a miscarriage in March.  DONT MISS:Kelly Monteith, beloved BBC comedian, dies aged 80 (PHOTOS)Jeremy Clarkson says Kaleb Cooper exited farm over his ‘stupid idea’ (NEWS)Stacey Dooley details ‘chaotic’ day she found out she was pregnant (LATEST) “It was a traumatising, horrendous time,” she told OK Magazine. “We went for a scan and they couldn’t see anything, so then we went to the hospital and they thought they could see something, so it was very up and down. "I had pregnancy symptoms and I was feeling really unwell and when they were doing all these scans my symptoms were getting worse and worse and there were no signs I had had a miscarriage, so that made it more of a shock. “We just assumed everything was going to be fine. Then after a week when they’d done the blood tests and other tests, I went back and they said that I had miscarried. “It was a really strange feeling,” she added. "Even though so many people go through it, you never expect it will happen to you. "We’re very fortunate that it happened again for us."