Tottenham will never win a serious trophy while Hugo Lloris is their goalkeeper, claims former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino. Antonio Conte has been urged to replace the France No 1. Lloris was guilty of a poor error in Sunday's 2-0 loss to Aston Villa. He spilled Douglas Luiz's long-range shot and Villa capitalised by opening the scoring through Emi Buendia. It was another disappointing performance from Spurs, who are now two points outside the Champions League qualification places and having played a game more than fourth-placed Manchester United. Lloris received the bulk of the criticism after the game but he was just one of a number of players who under-performed. Reflecting on the error, Cascarino insisted he has had his doubts over Lloris for several years. Conte is aiming to break Spurs' run of almost 15 years without any major silverware. READ MORE: Arsenal made aware of 'new price' for Mudryk after second bid  But Cascarino says they will not break their duck until Lloris is replaced. He said on talkSPORT: "I've not been a fan of Lloris for a long time. I think he's not good with the ball at his feet. "He produces really good reaction saves but he makes blunders and you feel like you have to be careful because he's a World Cup winner. But there are World Cup winners that weren't particularly very good players. "Of course he's a good goalkeeper but I remember doing a column on Lloris about four or five years ago and saying I don't believe they'll win a trophy, and I meant serious, obviously the League Cup is a trophy that he could win that, but I meant a trophy of Premier League, Champions League, with Lloris in goal. "Maybe I'm unfair. I actually think he's been fortunate to survive so long as the Tottenham No 1." DON'T MISSNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd are 'looking for' after Saudis pull out and contract cut shortWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment  Lloris is Spurs' longest-serving player in the first team, having joined from Lyon in 2012. He is closing in on 450 appearances in all competitions, and has been club captain since 2015. Liverpool legend Graeme Souness has also had long-term question marks over Lloris. Speaking after the weekend's loss, he said on Sky Sports: “I am not a big fan of Lloris, I have said it for a long time. "I think he, since the start of last season, has made four errors that have led to goals, that’s the worst in the Premier League for goalkeepers. For me, he is past his sell-by date.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here