Dr Malcolm Donahue’s (played by Paul Kaye) last episode aired on Sunday as DCI Vera Stanhope (Brenda Blethyn) enjoyed her final exchange of words with the grumpy pathologist. Vera fans called on the iconic detective to get Malcom to stay as they praised the co-star’s on-screen relationship. In the latest instalment of the ITV drama, Vera and Malcolm had a tense conversation in their usual fashion after the discovery of a dead body. When Vera arrived at the crime scene, Malcolm seemed less than impressed with her presence. "Ah and another police officer tramples all over the crime scene,” he quipped. “I’d just prefer it if people didn't stomp all over the evidence. I'm funny like that." Read more: Paul Kaye is exiting from Vera as Dr Malcolm Donahue after In the latest instalment, Vera and Malcolm had a tense conversation in their usual fashion after the discovery of a dead body. When Vera arrived at the crime scene, Malcolm seemed less than impressed with her presence. "Ah and another police officer tramples all over the crime scene,” he quipped. “I’d just prefer it if people didn't stomp all over the evidence. I'm funny like that." Vera hit back: "I've never known you to be funny Malcolm." The detective fired a serious of questions at the pathologist concerning the state of the body. However, he continued to give Vera very vague responses added: "At the risk of repeating myself DCI Stanhope!" "Come on, give us something Malcolm,” Vera quipped and Malcolm eventually obliged. "Don’t forget to trample on more evidence on the way out!" Malcolm shouted out as Vera left the crime scene. Vera fans were saddened to see Malcolm’s final scenes play out on Sunday. DebbieBlackma14 tweeted: “I’m going to miss the Vera and Malcolm relationship #Vera.” Rosecoloredchar added: “Noooo I don’t want Malcolm to leave. #Vera.” DON'T MISSVera season 12 episode 1 cast [CAST]Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to 'very loyal' co-stars [INTERVIEW] “We don't want Malcolm to go #Vera,” Annockh remarked while DonnaHaslam1 agreed: “Don't let Malcolm go Vera @BrendaBlethyn #Vera.” SwelterTheChef shared: “Malcolm is always the best couple of minutes in any episode of #Vera.” “’Don't forget to trample on more evidence on your way out!’ Will miss you, Malcolm! #VERA #Vera12 #itvvera,” _Lilla_E commented. Earlier this month, confirmed Malcolm star Paul’s departure as she teased what to expect from new episodes of the beloved drama. Talking about her co-star, she said: “Paul is one of the most positive people I know. No matter what the circumstances he’ll find something positive to say. “There was total respect between Vera and Malcolm along with some very dry humour from him. “The relationship between Vera and Malcolm has been interesting to play." Vera will introduced Malcolm’s replacement Dr Paula Bennett (Sara Kameela Impey) on Sunday. Vera continues on ITV on Sunday at 8pm.