Sky Sports pundits Graeme Souness and Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink clashed live on air during a heated argument regarding Chelsea's transfer policy ahead of the Blues' trip to Nottingham Forest on New Year's Day. Todd Boehly and co have spent over £200million since taking charge at Stamford Bridge, but not everyone believes that it was money used wisely. Having let Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku leave the club, Hasselbaink believes that the time is now for Kai Havertz to cement his place in the starting lineup as the number one striking option. "I think that he is the best that Chelsea have," Hasselbaink told Souness and Jamie Redknapp. "For that position in that moment in time, I just think that they need to stay with him playing there. A lot of times he drops into midfield because he wants to touch the ball more, but he will help Chelsea more if he just stays up there." Souness, however, believes that it was "madness" for the club to allow both Werner and Lukaku to leave and have just Havertz, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Armando Broja as the forward options, as the discussion then became tetchy. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive "No [Havertz isn't the answer]," Souness replied. "He isn't going to get enough goals. I think it's madness when you sell Timo Werner, who wasn't the answer, Lukaku, and then you go and spend £170m on three defenders. The hardest thing to find is goalscorers, they are generally the most expensive and you pay them the most money. The priority for me is having sold two strikers, who weren't the answer not long-term or short-term, but they were better than what they have got right now." Hasselbaink then continued to disagree with Souness as the Sky studio got tense. "I don't agree," the Dutchman said, before Souness replied: "Jimmy, you can't sell two strikers and not replace them. I've answered, I've said he's [Werner] not good enough. I have just said that. They made a mistake not signing a striker." DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham Hasselbaink claimed that Chelsea, who have signed David Datro Fofana from Genk in January and Christopher Nkunku is set to join the summer from RB Leipzig, need to give Havertz a run in the team as a strker. "There's a lot of players who have played that position," the ex-Chelsea man said. "There's been chopping and changing, [Raheem] Sterling has played there, Broja, Havertz, Aubameyang hasn't worked really. "Havertz had a really good game vs Bournemouth and I think he needs to play there. But he needs to stay there. We have seen him in the past play on the left, on the right, in the moment we need him to play as a striker." 