One child in every ten has viewed pornography by the age of nine, a report into online sexual imagery reveals today. Children’s Commissioner Rachel da Souza warned that youngsters are increasingly being exposed to the menace of web porn. Her research discovered that the average youngster first sees internet filth at the age of 13, but 27 percent had been exposed to it by 11. The poll of 1,000 young people also found 41 percent watched porn on Twitter, 33 percent on Instagram and 32 percent on Snapchat. Dame Rachel says the online boom is normalising violent sex and fuelling misogyny among boys and young men. Her warning came amid growing evidence of a link between pornography and violence towards girls and women. Last year, the Daily Express revealed that at least 20 women had been killed by men who watched hardcore sex videos. They included marketing executive Sarah Everard, who was kidnapped, raped and murdered by serving Scotland Yard officer Wayne Couzens. Since then, it has emerged that rapist Met Pc David Carrick trawled the net for “rough sex” images as he attacked 12 women over two decades. The Commissioner wants porn to be identified as a “priority harm" to children when the details of the Online Safety Bill, are thrashed out. She said: “I am deeply concerned by these findings – particularly the normalisation of sexual violence in online pornography. “We urgently need to do more to protect children from the harms of online pornography. “It should not be the case that young children are stumbling across violent and misogynistic pornography on social media sites. “I truly believe we will look back in 20 years and be horrified by the content to which children were being exposed. “It is crucial that we do not miss the opportunity the Online Safety Bill presents us with to make the internet safe for all children, today and in the future.” Dame Rachel said extreme material distorted children’s understanding of sex and relationships and urged parents, teachers, politicians and policymakers to take the findings seriously. The poll of people aged 16 to 21 showed 79 per cent of young adults actively sought out porn depicting physical aggression, coercion and degradation. Seventy-nine per cent of those aged 18 to 21 said they had seen physically aggressive porn before coming an adult. Almost half – 47 percent – had experienced a violent sex act, with girls "significantly" more likely than boys to experience aggressive, coercive, or degrading acts. Dame Rachel said: "Let me be absolutely clear: online pornography is not equivalent to a 'top-shelf' magazine. “The adult content which parents may have accessed in their youth could be considered 'quaint' in comparison to today's world of online pornography. "Depictions of degradation, sexual coercion, aggression and exploitation are commonplace, and disproportionately targeted against teenage girls." Richard Collard, NSPCC associate head of child safety online policy, said: “We cannot underestimate the sheer number of children of all ages that are being exposed to online pornography on a daily basis". He called for "strong measures" in the Online Safety Bill and said Ofcom should be given powers to set minimum standards.