Manchester City star Jack Grealish hit out at the referee in an X-rated rant after his side lost 2-1 to local rivals Manchester United on Saturday. The England man scored the opening goal of the game himself after coming off the bench, but he and his team-mates were furious after the Red Devils' controversial equaliser from Bruno Fernandes was allowed to stand. The Manchester City team felt that Marcus Rashford was offside and interfering with play before Fernandes fired past Ederson, but the official deemed that the goal was fair after the incident was reviewed by the VAR. Grealish was one of several Manchester City stars to surround the referee both during the incident and at full-time, where he questioned the official's call and cameras caught the former Aston Villa star swearing towards the referee. United then went on to secure all three points just four minutes after the controversial goal, as Alejandro Garnacho twisted past Nathan Ake and crossed for Rashford to tap past the goalkeeper and secure a crucial three points that puts the red side of Manchester into the title race, with the blue side suffering another setback in their battle with Premier League leaders Arsenal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Pep Guardiola's side were adamant that the goal should not have been given, as Rashford was offside when Casemiro's through ball was played but he then left the pass to Fernandes, who finished well to send the home fans into raptures. Former referee Peter Walton explained during BT Sport commentary why the goal was given, despite protests. "Well let’s just say I think this is a goal," Walton admitted. "You’re quite right in saying that Rashford has moved for the ball, hasn’t interfered with the ball, hasn’t played the ball himself, the flag goes up because of the offside position but when VAR look at this and when the assistant discusses this with Stuart Atwell, I think this is a goal.  "The law was amended to actually counter that argument of whether he touches the ball or does he interfere with an opponent playing the ball. He does neither, so as the law stands he hasn’t done anything wrong, it’s actually very good play from Rashford himself." Guardiola also felt that the goal should not have been awarded. "Rashford was offside," Guardiola told BT Sport. "He distracted our keeper and defenders." While United boss Erik ten Hag admitted he could see Guardiola's point of view, but felt that the referee made the correct call. "I can see that from the other side but when you follow the rules, he wasn’t interfering," Ten Hag said. "It was a goal. Bruno came from the back." 