Claire Keer’s son Zach Eagling, 11, was targeted by keyboard warriors sending flashing messages to spark an epileptic seizure. Their crusade for Zach’s law, included in the Online Safety Bill, persuaded ministers to criminalise "epilepsy trolling" used to target him and others with the condition. Claire, 41, said: “We spoke to a lot of social media companies as part of our campaign back in 2021. “There were a lot of promises about what they were going to do. They were going to identify if someone was trying to post strobing images and they would put a warning up saying that the user was potentially using harmful content that could affect those with photo-sensitive epilepsy. “As far as this, nothing’s happened. It’s kind of disappointing to hear the promises and then to see that they’ve not actually taken any action. “It reiterates that to them it’s all about the money, not about the people.” Claire, from Hartshead, West Yorkshire, also accused tech giants of failing to invest in protecting users in the same way they fund algorithms for adverts. She added: “The same money is not interested in protecting people. Software could detect strobing images. It could recognise homophobic or racist words and prevent us seeing those. But doing that does not generate profit.” Zach, who also has cerebral palsy, did a sponsored walk for the Epilepsy Society in his garden in 2020 but trolls bombarded social media with strobe messages intended to trigger seizures. Some followers around the world had convulsions which were non-fatal but no one was taken to court.  Nicola Swanborough, head of external affairs at the Epilepsy Society said legislation within the Online Safety Bill will make the UK the safest place to go online – both for adults and children. She added: “For too long, internet trolls have been getting away with posting malicious flashing images designed to trigger seizures in people who are photosensitive. “Now, thanks to Zach’s Law, a new offence contained within the Bill, keyboard warriors who target disabled people from their bedrooms, will be brought to justice and face possible imprisonment. “Quite rightly, tech executives who do not seek to protect their users from harmful content could also face a similar sentence. “We are delighted that this long-awaited Bill will protect vulnerable people. “We hope that it will move swiftly through the House of Lords and will gain Royal Assent, bringing to end an unprecedented era that has shown a particularly unpleasant side in some sectors of society.” Zach's campaign was backed by the Daily Express - and Twitter promised to act more quickly to take down flashing posts. 