It is unfair to suggest that Rishi Sunak has walked into a trap because his government had little choice about blocking the Gender Recognition Bill passed by the Scottish Parliament, but in so doing he has handed Nicola Sturgeon the very thing she wanted, a constitutional crisis. For those of us long in the tooth on covering Scottish politics we know there is one currency the SNP deal in - which is grudge and grievance - to engineer the political momentum to increase support for independence. The "grudge and grievance" tactic is brutally simple. Essentially, it is to give the impression that being "imprisoned" in the Union with England means that Scotland cannot do what it wants and loses out to "the Tories in Westminster". It helped a lot when Scotland did not vote any Conservatives into Parliament but even though it does now that has not stopped the SNP narrative - often bigoted - that the Tories are the English party and unScottish. Since the EU referendum, the SNP and their Scottish Green mini me allies have been banging on the narrative that Brexit was being forced on the Scots by an English Tory government. Never mind that more people in Scotland voted for Brexit than supported the SNP. But with today's turn of events, it is quite possible that Ms Sturgeon has at last a real constitutional crisis to hang her tartan hat on. For the first time since devolved began in Edinburgh in 1999, a Westminster government has used its powers to block legislation passed under devolved competences by Holyrood. What better way for Sturgeon to demanstrate the democratic will of Scotland is being ignored? This on top of the correct and sensible Supreme Court decision in late 2022 to block the Scottish Parliament from being able to hold an independence referendum without the agreement of Westminster and the UK government. Now Ms Sturgeon has the grounds she needs to claim Scottish democracy is non-existent. It is hard not to believe this is the outcome she hoped for when she pushed this bill through parliament despite enormous public opposition particularly from women's groups. READ MORE: Tories block Scottish law for first time in devolved history Rishi Sunak appears in some ways to have handed the SNP a late Christmas gift. But what else could the UK government do? It is difficult for something as fundamental as gender status to mean something different in different parts of the UK. Someone recognised as a woman in Scotland not being recognised as one in England seems to be unsustainable. The problem here is one of the many mistakes that Labour made with devolution. The first mistake was to push for devolution thinking it would kill of the political aspirations of the SNP instead of giving them the perfect platform. The second enormous mistake was to set a default position where if an issue was not specifically reserved to the UK Parliament then it was in the competency of the Scottish Parliament. DON'T MISS A Brexit deal is born out of a British sitcom explains DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters [REVEAL] POLL – Should MPs be paid more to attract more people to run? [REACT] That was the brainchild of former Scottish Labour leader Wendy Alexander when she was brought back to help organise the devolution legislation. It has been a disaster. It will be interesting to see what impact today's decision has on the independence debate but given the SNP's skill and long practice with grudge and grievance it is difficult to imagine that it will engender much positivity towards the Union. If Mr Sunak has the political nouse he could portray it as Westminster acting as the last safeguard to protect women's rights but that may be too much to hope. It seems likely that the issue will end up in the Supreme Court again with a no lose roll of the dice for Ms Sturgeon - if she wins she has defeated Westminster's attempt to block Scottish democracy, if she loses it proves devolution is not real and only independence works. Meanwhile, Labour's plan courtesy of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown is to just cause even more chaos with yet more devolved powers including on foreign policy. The nightmare has a long way to run and the only people smiling behind their agrieved expressions are Sturgeon and the SNP.