The bathroom is one of the most used rooms in the home and when renovating it homeowners not only have the chance to add more value to their home, but also help to make it more desirable when it comes to selling. However, not all bathroom designs work, according to bathroom design expert Evan Jones from Bathroom Supastore. The expert as shared some of the decor choices people make that end up making the room look “cheap”. According to the expert, the general advice when it comes to fitting a new bathroom is to leave the fixtures where they are to keep costs down. However, sometimes this rule should be broken when the fittings, such as the toilet, is incorrectly positioned. The expert explained: “You always want to keep your toilet out of immediate view if possible as this is more pleasing to the eye.  When placing a toilet you also want to make sure you have enough room in front and to the side of the toilet. "Placing your toilet right in front of your bathroom door is a quick and easy way of making the bathroom look like a small water closet which you would have under the stairs.  Not a good look, and should be avoided if possible." READ MORE: Pensioners forced to tear down decking for second time in planning row Paint colour is often down to personal preference, but according to the expert, too much colour in the bathroom can make it look “messy”. If different colours are used for the tiles, fixtures and walls then the whole space “won’t work and will look cheap”, according to the pro. Evan added: “Every bathroom design is different but in general if you are using different finishes use a maximum of three colours. Pick one neutral colour, one rich colour and one accent colour. "When using a bold colour try to keep your usage to around 10 percent of the room or less this will give your room that luxurious feel.” DON'T MISS:10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [EXPERT]Pruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT]Easy banana peel method to ‘provide an advantage’ to rose plants [EXPLAINER] There is a fine line between a bathroom looking unfinished and over the top, but adding nature into the space is a great way of adding personality and some subtle colour. As well as having a calming effect, some bathroom plants can absorb moisture, proving to be beneficial as well as looking good. The expert recommended investing in plants such as Boston ferns, spider plants and peace lilies which are known to absorb excess moisture in the air. Evan noted: “When choosing a plant for the bathroom it's important to check that the plant you like can handle the humidity and moisture in your bathroom. READ MORE: Six garden flowers to plant now for a ‘fruitful’ spring “Parents with small children or pet owners should also check to see if the plant they choose is toxic if ingested." Bad lighting can make any room look terrible but according to the pro, more so when it comes to lighting in the bathroom. The expert continued: “Not only do the aesthetics of your room suffer with bad lighting but your appearance can too. “The room where you shave, style your hair or do your makeup should have good lighting, if yours doesn't you need an upgrade. “There are so many ways to light a bathroom that you have no excuses to keep your dingy lighting. You can add wall sconces, LED lights and even a bathroom mirror with built-in lighting.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you have a small bathroom, it can be easy to allow clutter to build, and it is important to implement more or new storage into the room if you have too many products in the room. The expert said storage can be added through shelving, bathroom cabinets, towel rails and ottomans. Removing clutter and making it tidy can help the room feel more “luxurious”. Evan said: “Clutter not only cheapens the look of your bathroom but also takes away from your mental health too. The bathroom should be one room in the home where you can relax, but having clutter is going to cause stress and inhibit you from relaxing in your home. "If you do have a cluttered bathroom you can cut down on the clutter by using inbuilt storage."