Family and corporate drama Succession has been an international success with the lives of fictional billionaire Logan Roy (played by Brian Cox) and his children Kendall (Jeremy Strong), Siobhan (Sarah Snook) and Roman (Kieran Culkin). The HBO series was last seen in December 2021, ending with a massive cliffhanger that no one saw coming. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the return of Succession. Succession season four will premiere on Sunday, March 26, on HBO and HBO Max in the USA. UK fans are then going to be treated to the same episode the following day, Monday, March 27, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic. If you cannot wait another 24 hours to see the show debut, then Succession season four, episode one, is going to be simulcast on Sky Atlantic at 2am BST. Once each of the 10 instalments is released, they will be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Of course, all of the Logan family will be back for season four with actor Brian Cox reprising his role as Logan Roy. Actors Jeremy Strong, Sarah Snook and Kieran Culkin are going to return as Kendall, Siobhan and Roman respectively, as well as their eldest sibling Conor, played by Alan Ruck and his new fianceé Willa (Justine Lupe). In addition, Emmy Award-winning actor Matthew Macfadyen will reprise his role as Tom Wambsgans and actor Nicholas Braun as cousin Greg. Other cast members will include J Smith Cameron, David Rasche, Peter Friedman and Alexander Skarsgård. Talking about Greg's evolution in Succession to W Magazine, actor Braun commented: "He comes into this family as a puppy dog. He doesn’t really know how to be this type of person. He’s just floppy. Over the course of the three seasons, he’s soaked up a lot. "The way that I’ve thought about him is, he stores a lot of things, he observes things, collects Roy behaviour. "He’s like, 'Okay, that’s how Kendall played that. That’s how Logan did that. Oh, that really hurt me—maybe I can do that to someone else later.' "By the end of season three, he’s been put through a lot, and he’s ready to show off the skills he’s acquired and be a little more fearless." DON'T MISS...GB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffe photo was 'faked' [REACTION]The Last of Us episode 3 release time [RELEASE TIME]Titans fans vow to cancel HBO Max subscriptions as Titans axed  [CANCELLED] Yes, a trailer for Succession came out today, Thursday, January 26, unveiling the drama's return date. At the beginning of the teaser, Gerri is heard speaking to the Roy siblings over the phone, asking: "Would you consider giving your father a call?" Roman asks Shiv and Kendall: "Would we consider at least a call?" She questions if their dad wants to apologise and Kendall wants to know if he actually asked. Logan's personal assistant Kerry Castellabate (Zoe Winters) then suggests: "I could get him to text a request for a call?" Roman then shuts this down with: "Um, I'm afraid we're going to need to hear that voice." Fans were stunned by the series three ending as Kendall, Shiv and Roman teamed up to stop their dad from selling Waystar to Lukas Matsson (Alexander Skarsgård). But Logan found out what they were planning to do from Shiv's husband Tom and so formed a plan of his own. He got their mum to sign off on the deal, securing a payout for him and cutting his children out entirely. So will Logan reach out to his kids or is this the end of their relationship for good? Succession season 4 will premiere on Sunday, March 26 on HBO in the USA and on Monday, March 27, on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.