Kim Kardashian, 42, says it's early days after splitting from comedian Pete Davidson and finalising her divorce from rapper Kanye West, but the troubled reality star - who has admitted co-parenting with her ex-husband is "f***ing hard", says she has a "fantasy" that marriage number four will be the "charm". She hinted to fellow celeb Gwyneth Paltrow that she might have a new love interest "on the side" as she admitted she has a need for flirtation. Kim discussed her love life in a new interview on the latest episode of Gwyneth's Goop podcast. When the actress teased that sparking up a new romance could be the key to getting through a "cold winter", Kim - who had previously shared secrets of having sex in front of an open fire - enthusiastically responded: "Totally." She added that she has a "fantasy" of a successful fourth wedding in the future, after confessing that her seven-year marriage to Kanye West was her first "real" one. "The first one, I just don't know what was happening," she exclaimed, referencing her troubled marriage to music producer Damon Thomas. READ NOW: Coronation Street’s Saira Choudhry engaged to partner 23 years later She had eloped to Las Vegas as a teen to tie the knot with him, without telling her friends and family, and later admitted she'd been high on ecstasy when the wedding took place. The marriage lasted four years, but was not a happy one, as she told half-sister Kendall Jenner as a cautionary tale. "If I looked at myself at 19 [now], I would shake myself and be like, ‘Wake up; you are way too smart for this,'" she declared on Keeping Up With The Kardashians. Meanwhile, she told Gwyneth: "The second [time], I felt like I wanted to be married so badly because all my friends were at that place and that's where I should have been. "I didn't accept that that just wasn't where I was." As a result, she felt she ended up rushing into a wedding too quickly with NBA player Chris Humphries and subsequently called time on the marriage after just 72 days. She then married Kanye in a lavish ceremony in Florence, Italy, in 2014 after enjoying lunch at a luxurious French chateau and a rehearsal dinner in fairytale Versailles. Seven years later, it was all over, while Kanye went to have a public meltdown, including a stream of anti-semitic comments and a professed love of Hitler. DON'T MISS... Stacey Dooley faces 'drama' at home with Kevin before giving birth [LATEST] Only Fools and Horses' Sue Holderness suffered near alligator attack [EXCLUSIVE] Paula Abdul looks decades younger as fans question photoshop fail [PHOTOS]  The rapper, who has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder but disagrees with the doctors' findings, stated that he lost $2 billion in a single day after being "cancelled" and losing a string of brand deals. Kim tearfully admitted during a recent episode of her show that she finds co-parenting "f***ing hard", with Kanye publicly fighting with her on topics such as where their four children should go to school. After he revealed the name of their current school on the internet, Kim decided to step up security over fears for the kids' privacy. She has now told Gwyneth that despite harbouring fantasies of another wedding, she will be taking her time now. "I really do want to be single for a few years... I think I would definitely want a marriage, but I'm so happy to take my time," she explained. "I’m on a good solo mission right now. I have either sisters or friends [who are] all in the same place, and that feels so good and fun." When Gwyneth suggested freezing her eggs in the event that she might want another child, she shot back that she thinks "embryos are the way to go". However, Kim - who is reportedly set to receive a mammoth $200,000 per month in child support from Kanye - added: "Whatever's meant to be will be."