Cosmetic eye surgeon Dr Elizabeth Hakes spoke to Express.co.uk about how to get “an eye lift” without going under the knife. Dr Hawkes’ non-surgical, simple hacks can help make eyes look less tired, rejuvenating them and making one look younger. Dr Hawkes said: “As we age, our eyes start looking tired with dark, purple circles underneath and we find ourselves constantly asking, ‘do I look tired?’. “Whether it is dark circles, puffiness or sagging, we are all seeking out the best ways to brighten our eyes and make ourselves look less tired. “The eyes are the first thing we notice when we look in the mirror. If you look tired and rundown, it really affects how you feel about yourself. “But there are now procedures you can have that don’t involve going under the knife.” READ MORE: 92yo shares her favourite beauty product that keeps her looking young The expert continued: “One of the most effective treatments to combat tired-looking or aged eyes is to use tear trough fillers. “They are a hyaluronic acid-based injectable used to reduce dark circles, eye bags and a tired looking appearance. With minimal to no downtime, they are an effective treatment to combat tired-looking or aged eyes. “The natural ageing process and various lifestyle aspects can contribute to an aged appearance around the eyes, but, careful administration of fillers under the eyes helps replace lost volume, conceal dark circles and smooth the skin. “This results in a more youthful appearance overall.” DON'T MISS:Face yoga expert's routine to reduce nasolabial fold lines takes seconds [INSIGHT]3 hair changes can make you look '10 years younger' [COMMENT]'Handle trouble areas' under the eyes without 'heavy' makeup [EXPLAINER] Dr Hawkes explained that “after tear trough fillers, patients feel an increased sense of confidence in their appearance - no longer worrying that they look tired all the time". An under eye filler procedure treats many patient concerns, such as hollowness, dark circles, and wrinkles. “The under eye can hollow over time because of dehydration, lack of sleep, weight loss and the natural ageing process,” Dr Hawkes said. “Sometimes, under eye hollowness can signify a medical condition.” As for dark circles, these may appear for many reason, from alcohol and sun damage to poor sleeping habits and diet. READ MORE: ‘Rule of thumb’ to follow when filling your washing machine  “Sometimes, genetics are just playing their part,” Dr Hawkes added. “In other instances, external factors like food allergies can contribute to dark circles.” Tear trough filler treatment can also help diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, the expert said. She explained: “The skin around the eyes is delicate. As we age, skin quality decreases as collagen and elastin break down. “Skin sags, and fine lines and wrinkles can appear. Facial expressions, sun exposure, and other environmental factors contribute to fine lines and wrinkles and make the appearance worse.” Dr Hawkes added that one is able to “see the results immediately” after tear trough treatment. “The procedure takes around 20 minutes,” she explained. “However, the final result will be visible a few weeks after treatment as the fillers need time to integrate with the surrounding tissue.” As for side effects, these are rare and only last a few days. Tear trough fillers last around six to 18 months, depending on the individual and the type of hyaluronic acid used. “As with all dermal filler treatments, maintenance is necessary," Dr Hawkes noted.