Blonde hair takes a lot of upkeep, with regular visits to the hair salon to keep up appearances. So before dying your hair, it’s important to consider your skin tone and eye colour, because after all, Margot Robbie’s perfect blonde may not be your perfect blonde. Here are the best shades of blonde, depending on your skin's undertone. Generally speaking, there are five skin tones: cool, warm, olive, brown, and dark, and the best way to find out what skin undertone you have is by taking a look at the veins on the inside of your wrist. Jessica Shults, an expert hairstylist with over 20 years of experience explained to Style Craze: “If [your veins] are blue, you have a cool undertone. If they are green, you have a warm undertone and if you see both colours, you have a neutral undertone. “Considering the undertone of the client’s skin is so important when choosing the tone of blonde [as you] want to enhance their natural beauty, not clash against it.” Another way to determine your skin tone is by how your skin reacts when exposed to the sun. Those whose skin burns in the sun are cool-toned, compared to those who go golden brown in the sun are more warm-toned or olive. READ MORE: 92yo shares her favourite beauty product that keeps her looking young Anyone with a cool skin undertone “should always stay within a neutral to slightly ash tone”, celebrity hairstylist, Cody Renegar said. Warm blondes next to cool skin tones can “look extremely unnatural” and make the “skin seem lifeless and unhealthy”. Actress Amanda Seyfried is a great example of a celebrity who has a cool skin undertone and looks great with a neutral blonde hair colour. The trendy platinum blonde also really complements cool skin undertones, and adding a toner or purple shampoo works well to maintain this shade. DON'T MISS...Five foods you didn’t know you can cook in your air fryer [VIDEO]Menopause expert on foods to avoid and best exercises to lose weight [COMMENT]Argos’ £32 heater ‘cheaper to run than central heating’ [SHOPPING] If your skin has warm undertones, “golden or strawberry blonde” looks great as it will “really accent highlights in your skin and give you a beautiful glow”, Cody explained. Honey-wheat blonde is said to be the on-trend colour for 2023, and butterscotch blonde, rose gold, or caramel blondes are also popular choices. A great example of someone with warm skin undertones and golden blonde hair is Cameron Diaz. READ MORE: Hair expert shares most ‘flattering’ hairstyle for women over 40 Like Rita Ora and Ciara, “brown skin tones really pop when you add champagne, rose gold, or caramel-toned highlights around the face”. These shades of blonde can also make “brown eyes pop” and looks “very soft against the skin”. Hairstylist Nafisah Carter spoke further about caramel brown being a colour that “complements deep complexions by bringing out an inner glow that is gorgeously shown by Ciara”. Caramel blonde is also the perfect colour for all year round - summer and winter. Celebrities like Laverne Cox dies her hair with a “dark blonde highlight” and has “cool to violet undertones”. Ombre is also a good option for anyone who doesn’t want to commit to a fully blonde hairstyle. Kelly Rowland gradually transitioned from chocolate brown to golden brown and it looks especially sleek for darker skin tones.