Liverpool face more Madrid-imposed transfer anguish, with Jurgen Klopp's midfield frustrations reportedly set to continue in January. The Reds want to bolster their dwindling department but look destined to be snubbed by another target. Liverpool need fresh blood in midfield, with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita expected to leave on free transfers when their contracts expire in July. James Milner's future at Anfield is also uncertain. The 37-year-old has been tipped to join Klopp's staff but could do so as a player-coach if he decides to delay hanging up his boots. Regardless, Fabinho, Jordan Henderson and Thiago will all be 30 or older by the end of 2023, and Klopp has made refreshing his ranks a priority. However, he looks to face disappointment in his interest in one of the 2022 World Cup's most impressive players. Liverpool have been linked with Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat in recent months, with Tottenham Hotspur also credited with an interest. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But Amrabat's heart is reportedly set on a move to Madrid, leaving the Reds in danger of missing out on another target to the Spanish capital. According to Foot Mercato, Atletico Madrid are eyeing a potential swoop for the 26-year-old, who received mass plaudits for his performances in Qatar. It's claimed that Amrabat would prioritise a transfer to the Wanda Metropolitano over any other destination if Atleti's interest materialises. The report adds a move to the Rojiblancos would 'tick all the boxes' of his desired transfer from Fiorentina, with the opportunity to play in La Liga as one of his biggest draws. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's Aubameyang willing to play 'for free' in desperate exit plea  Atleti are yet to approach Fiorentina with a bid or an inquiry, which will be the next step in realising Amrabat's dream of playing in Spain. But with Liverpool expected to be out of the frame, Klopp will likely put most of his eggs in one basket ahead of the summer. Jude Bellingham is thought to be the Merseyside giants' priority, as he is with many clubs, with Borussia Dortmund expected to cash in on the 19-year-old this year. If Liverpool can get his signature over the line, it would make up for losing Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid last year and potentially Amrabat to Atleti. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE