George Russell has built a luxury lifestyle since becoming one of the hottest properties in Formula One. The former Williams star has been one of the stories of the season in 2022 after a stunning debut year at Mercedes. Russell secured the team’s only victory of the season after a commanding drive at the Brazilian Grand Prix. He was also noticed after beating seven-time champion Lewis Hamilton in the Drivers’ Championship in only his first year at the Silver Arrows. Only two other drivers have beaten Hamilton over a calendar with Jenson Button and Nico Rosberg both now world champions. According to Spanish outlet MARCA, Russell has a net worth of £13.2million ($16m). This is a massive increase on his reported £829,000 ($1m) valuation this time last year. READ MORE: Sir Jackie Stewart has George Russell and Lando Norris wish The increase is partly down to Russell’s move to the Silver Arrows which has led to a major increase in his yearly salary. According to Spotrac, Russell was paid just £829,000 ($1m) in his final season at Williams in 2021. In comparison, his contract at the German marque now earns him a staggering £4.8m($5m). Russell has also built up a generous collection of assets from expensive cars to flash suits. Away from the track, he has been photographed with a blue Mercedes AMG C63 and a white Mercedes AMG C63 S. He posted images of the two models on Instagram with the models valued at a staggering £65,500 ($80,000). DON'T MISSRussell reacts to Mercedes chief leaving just months before new season [INSIGHT]Mercedes have six options as Toto Wolff looks for next George Russell [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton backed for embarrassment in battle against Russell [COMMENT] The Mercedes star also owns the keys to a Selenite Grey Mercedes AMG GT S Coupe capable of over 190 mph. Since joining Mercedes, Russell has also been spotted wearing watches by Silver Arrow partner IWC Schaffhausen. One timepiece in his collection is believed to be valued at an eye-watering £10,300 ($12,600). Russell could soon be worth even more based off team-mates Hamilton's value. The Mercedes champion has an estimated net worth of £233m ($285m) due to his incredible £32m ($40m) salary. However, Russell’s family wasn’t always able to afford a lucrative lifestyle with dad Steve helping him early on in his career.  Steve sold his successful business to free up money for racing before further funding helped him reach the top. Russell explained: “There had been sp much sacrifice for my father, for my father. My father would work every day 7.30 til 7.30. "As a child, you don't really comprehend what’s going on here. Why is dad not home for dinner tonight and tomorrow night and the day after? "He’s working his socks off to be able to put food on the table and make a living to go go kart racing.”