Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product, meaning it could cause damage who those who consume it. Tesco is recalling a product because it contains an ingredient not mentioned on the label. Tesco is recalling its Wicked Kitchen Spinach & Wild Garlic Ravioli because it may contain small pieces of metal. This makes it unsafe to eat as the metal could be swallowed. The pasta dish comes in a pack 250g in size and has a best before date of Januaruy 12, 2023. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) often publishes food recalls on its website, and it has shared details of the Tesco food recall. In its risk statement the organisation said: "This product may contain small pieces of metal which makes it unsafe to eat." READ MORE: Kitty Spencer 'bans' scales at home - despite remarkable weight loss The FSA went on to outline the action taken by Tesco, saying: "Tesco is recalling the above product from customers. The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." In its notice, Tesco said: "We have been made aware that one date code of Wicked Kitchen Spinach & Wild Garlic Ravioli 250g may contain small pieces of metal. "Please do not consume this product and instead return any affected product to store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required. "Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. If you require any further details, please contact Customer Services directly on: 0800 505 555 (UK) or 1800 248 123 (Ireland)." DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] The FSA also shared its advice for customers. It said: "If you have bought the above product, do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund, no receipt is required. "If you would like any further information, please contact Tesco Customer Services on 0800 505 555." The organisation also offered information about food recalls in general. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' It said: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. "This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers." Tesco isn't the only supermarket to recall food products in recent days. Last week, Iceland informed customers of a problem with one of its products - its Mars Dessert Bar was withdrawn from shelves because it contained peanuts and egg, which were not mentioned on the label. The FSA said: "This product may contain peanuts and egg making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy or intolerance to egg. "Iceland Foods is recalling the above product from customers and have contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product."