Manchester United star Antony is losing confidence and becoming like Jadon Sancho, according to former Arsenal star Emmanuel Petit. The Brazil international has blown hot and cold since his arrival from Ajax back in the summer. And he’s now under pressure ahead of tonight’s Carabao Cup clash with Nottingham Forest. Manchester United signed Antony back in the summer, paying a huge £86million to sign the 22-year-old from Ajax. His time at Old Trafford started well enough, with the Brazilian netting in matches against the likes of Arsenal, Manchester City and Everton. Antony has struggled for consistency in the time since, with the Samba star toiling in the 3-2 defeat to the Gunners at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. And former Arsenal star Petit, speaking to Sporting Post, has claimed Antony is starting to become ‘like Sancho’ as his woes worsen. "When [Ten Hag] took over he found some opposition in the dressing room,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “It’s not easy to manage Cristiano Ronaldo, nor to put the captain Harry Maguire on the bench. “He made the right decisions and look where they are now. They are getting back to where they should be and it’s been so long since we’ve seen a competitive Manchester United. "Now you can see a strategy in the team, Ten Hag’s vision too. “I was sitting close to him on Sunday and you can see his commitment. He’s a real competitor. “You can see he is ruthless with his players and I think this is the way you have to be as manager. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “You’re not there to please your players, you are there to win games. "I’m not 100 per cent convinced by some of the players he bought - especially Antony, I think he was disappointing yesterday and got some stick from the Arsenal fans when he left the pitch. “He looked miserable on the bench when he got taken off. You could feel the pressure on his shoulders. “I think he’s losing confidence like Sancho and it’s the role of the manager, his teammates and the club to help him come back to his best because I think they are losing him." Petit also feels United missed Casemiro during the defeat in north London. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “United missed Casemiro – especially thinking about Saka’s goal,” he said. “He stabilises the Manchester United midfield tactically. He protects the defence, especially the centre. “When I look at how Arsenal play, how Saka plays. He always drives with the ball, always coming inside trying to find the angles to shoot, he did it a couple of times yesterday and scored a brilliant goal. “I can’t help but think that if Casemiro was on the pitch, maybe instead of Eriksen, he would have been there and blocked him. “That’s the kind of play Casemiro is so important for.” Antony, meanwhile, has the backing of Erik ten Hag as he looks to turn his form around. "I think he is not losing games,” he said. "When he is playing and the team is winning and that already gives a message of how well he is performing. "He can do better, I see space for improvement and, for instance - and I think you notice - we want him to be more direct, more involved. “But the team is performing better if he is on the pitch and that is a good thing, a good base to build further on. "I think he already makes improvement, he scored some goals, he scored in his first three games, now he scores against Everton and Charlton, so he has an impact. "But I think with his capabilities, with his talents he can do even more. He has a good contribution in the team."