A father who died after being left submerged in a retirement village's swimming pool for 11 minutes has been described as a "kind and lovely" man in a touching tribute from his family. Stephen Paul Richards, whose daughter called him "very knowledgeable and wise" passed away in hospital a day after suffering a medical episode during his morning swim on May 28, 2021.      An inquest at Derby and South Derbyshire Coroner's Court heard how there was not a lifeguard present, and spa staff left Mr Richards on his own, failing to spot him on CCTV. Unable to decide between an accidental death or natural causes for what she described as a "complicated" and "difficult" case, assistant coroner Louise Pinder decided to issue a narrative verdict, reports Derbyshire Live. Ms Pinder explained how the incident could not be clearly described as an accident as, for example, Mr Richards had "not slipped". She said that "immersion [in the water] did play a part, as did the heart disease that he suffered". Both, she added, were of "equal significance". But she said that "it remains unclear whether earlier extraction from the water would have altered the outcome".       The former rail engineer was found by another user at Richmond Village's wellness spa in Aston-on-Trent, Derbyshire, after 11 minutes and 27 seconds—undiscovered for 10 minutes and 59 seconds. A medical examination conducted by pathologist Doctor Terrance Jones concluded that Mr Richards suffered from an undiagnosed cardiac arrhythmia and unfortunately suffered a cardiac arrest. The primary cause of his death was a "catastrophic and irreversible" hypoxic cerebral injury caused by a lack of oxygen to his brain He was a regular user of the wellness facility but, she added, Mr Richards was also "frail" and suffered from Parkinson’s disease. In an effort to safeguard residents in the future, Richmond Village has since installed "drowning detection" equipment at the pool, the inquest heard. Staff walks now occur every 30 minutes, and CCTV checks are mandatory every 10 minutes. In addition, solo swimmers are now observed, but the inquest heard residents "voted against having a lifeguard". Ms Pinder ended proceedings by offering her condolences to Mr Richard's family, adding she was "pleased" measures had been taken by the spa and "we can only hope that it will prevent" a similar death in the future. But, despite viewing proceedings as "comprehensive", she also acknowledged there were "still unanswered questions in terms of this enquiry" and sympathised with the family as "this has been very difficult to wait for this inquest". Mr Richards’s daughter, Emma Sixsmith, 47, said: "He was a very gentle man, very knowledgeable, and very wise. "He was a quiet gentleman, but very intelligent and a good sounding board for talking through things. "He also had a good career and was respected by a lot of people in the village and during his career. "He worked for the railway as an engineer for most of his life, and then as an HR trustee of a pension fund. He’s very much missed." Her husband, Paul Sixsmith, 48, added: "He was a gentle, lovely man. Very kind with great great advice and he was loved by everybody he met." When asked for their thoughts on the inquest’s narrative verdict, Mrs Sixsmith said: "It was a very comprehensive and robust investigation, I don’t think anything more. "I don’t think we’ll ever know for sure with some things." Mr Sixsmith added: "We support what the coroner says, we’re not going to say it wasn’t the outcome we wanted. We’re satisfied." Philippa Kellar, Managing Director for Richmond Villages in Aston on Trent, said: "We were deeply saddened by the passing of Mr Richards and our thoughts are with his family. "Since this happened in May 2021, we have taken measures to increase safety in our pools and are introducing a new technology system across all our village spas, which monitors pool users while residents swim. Our condolences go to Mr Richards’ family."