Manchester United have reportedly introduced a wage cap of £200,000 a week to prevent players from earning ‘significantly more’ that their teammates. The decision comes after Cristiano Ronaldo, who was earning £500,000 a week, terminated his contract at the club after causing controversy behind the scenes and in the public eye. Last season, United were a fractured squad, and their performances evidenced that. Reports of changing ground quarrels and unhappiness broke on a weekly basis, with the finger pointed at several individuals. Since his arrival in the Old Trafford dugout, Ten Hag has taken steps to build a unified team that has respect for one another and the club’s hierarchy. According to the Daily Mail, the Dutchman, along with chief executive Richard Arnold, has decided to take the next step in avoiding a ‘culture of dressing-room jealousy’ by introducing a wage cap. Several players are set to be affected by the new rule, with goalkeeper David de Gea the first to be immediately impacted. The Spain international is currently negotiating a contract extension at the Theatre of Dreams, with his current deal expiring at the end of the season – with United having a one-year option. Bruno Fernandes, Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire and Casemiro are all reportedly in the same pay bracket of earning approximately £180,000 to £200,000 a week, though there are sanctions written into their contracts for if the club fail to finish in the top four this season. Marcus Rashford will also be majorly affected by the deal, with European clubs all keeping tabs on the England international. United activated a one-year extension clause in his contract recently, meaning that his current tenure will expire in 2024. Though there are no guarantees that he will pen a new deal and Paris Saint-Germain are desperate to acquire his services. The Ligue 1 side are long-term admirers of Rashford and view him as one of the best in the world, and their lucrative backing means that his contract would reflect that if he opted to make the move to France. PSG’s Qatari owners would not hesitate to offer the forward double what he earns at United if it meant him penning a deal at the Parc des Princes. United are aware of the risk involved in not offering Rashford a bumper deal, despite his electric form this season, but the higher powers at the club do not want to make ‘special cases’ in fear of building another disjointed dressing room.