The Los Angeles Lakers could aid LeBron James' struggles by signing an intriguing free agent who just became available. It's been another frustrating season for the Lakers once again, who could miss the playoffs for a second year running with them currently sitting 12th in the western conference. With James approaching the end of his career, he will not want to waste another season, and will be hoping for the franchise to make the required moves to help them at least compete in the playoffs. For James' skillset, it's roundly accepted that he thrives when he has good shooters around him - something the Lakers have failed to do since he arrived in 2018. And whilst those players are not readily available to pick up as a free agent, one in particular has been released - just weeks after scoring 32 points. Four-time all-star Kemba Walker was released from the Dallas Mavericks on Friday, in what has been a tough two years for him since leaving the Boston Celtics. Walker signed for the Celtics as the last piece to go alongside Jayson Tatum, Jaylen Brown and Marcus Smart, and did well throughout the first 18 months. But after continuous injuries, Walker now struggles to stay on the floor for successive games, and has lost the speed that made him an explosive offensive threat, whilst also hugely struggling defensively. But Walker remains one of the better shooters in the league, and can clearly be a bench-scorer after registering 32 points in one game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on December 18. The Mavericks decision to waive Walker was purely financial, and he is expected to be picked up by a contending team after impressing in his limited minutes, with the Lakers being a seemingly good landing spot. The Lakers current point guards, Russell Westbrook and Patrick Beverley, are solid defensive players, but do not provide the outside shooting which will allow James to play at his best level - driving to the basket and finding shooters or creating space for himself. Walker spent last season with the New York Knicks, his hometown team, where he averaged 12 points and four assists. Multiple rumours have suggested that Walker has an arthritic knee after multiple surgeries, which might explain why he's unable to consistently remain on the floor. However, he's proven that he's still able to be an important contributer.