A mum has taken to TikTok to hit back at people who criticise her baby's name. Calyn Breann, who posts to the account @calynbreann, shared a video of herself and her baby. She added the caption, presumably a comment she has received: "You should have named him something different, his name won't age well." However, the mum, from Orange County, California, hit back by pretending to play a tiny violin before saying: "I love my baby Coast!!!!!" Coast is a unisex name denoting the land near the sea. It has been becoming more and more popular since 2020. Most of Calyn commenters seem to love the name. Lilly Baird said: "Coast is such a good name!" Another said, "Grandpa Coast, sounds fine to me" while user Scotty added, "Great name! People need to get over it, no different than River or Brooklyn." READ MORE: Mum-of-one with 'extinct' name fears it will disappear 'the same way as the dinosaurs' Some shared their own unique baby names. Kaleigh Neal said: "I have a Wilder and a Wrecker!" Micah Ann Kimrey wrote: "I have a Coast Wilder that will be three in March and everyone loves his name!!!" Emily Cunningham said: "My kid has a friend named Coast and he has a sister named Scotia. And a brother named Nova. We live in Nova Scotia." Kera Simpson and: "Wait Coast is actually really cute." Cheyenne King said: "Coast is so unique. I’ve never heard anyone be called that before so I think it’s a very good name." One wrote: "'I really love the name too. I like names that aren't run-of-the-mill. A unique name is definitely not so bad." "I think the goal should be for him to love his name," another said. Another wrote: "I personally don't like the name, but it's your child, and as someone who gave their child a unique name, who am I to judge?" DON'T MISSMum told baby’s name will cause a 'lot of future problems' [REAL LIFE] 'For six months of his life I cried daily over my son's name' [SHOCK] 'I don't regret my baby's name but no one knows what I'm saying' [VIDEO] Another mum shared how she cried every day for the first six months of her son's life because of his name. Mairéad is a content creator and parenting influencer who shares the details of her life on her TikTok account, @thesteveos. She told followers she picked a different name for her son than her favourite because a friend had already chosen her preferred name. She said: "My husband and I became so paranoid that if we used that name, they would think we were copying them. So we settled on a common name that nobody else had used. "For the first six months, I think I cried almost daily over my decision, I regretted it so much. I just didn't think he suited that name. We didn't even get a congratulations from the family that we were so scared of copying." Most popular girls names Most popular boys names