Marcelo Bielsa has told Everton he will not be taking the job at Goodison Park with Sean Dyche now set to be appointed as Frank Lampard's successor. The Argentine tactician flew into London on Thursday for extensive talks with the Toffees hierarchy but following initial concerns about the task at hand, it seems the 67-year-old has now rejected the chance to return to the Premier League. Earlier in the week, there had been noises within the media that Bielsa was concerned about the lack of legs within the Everton squad which could prove damaging in his quest to replicate his 'Murderball' style of football. The demanding veteran's passion and commitment helped fire Leeds back into the Premier League for the first time in 16 years in the 2019/20 campaign as the Whites stormed their way to the Championship title. Bielsa's uniquely-aggressive style of play is focused on non-negotiable work ethic, relentless pressing and it's believed he was sceptical about whether the Everton players were capable of carrying out his methods. The Mail say the Toffees were told by Bielsa that he would not be taking the job this month following face-to-face discussions with the Everton hierarchy. READ MORE: Newcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks Everton were already aware they were up against it in their quest to entice Bielsa into leading their Premier League survival bid for the remainder of the season. Yet the report also claims the Argentine wasn't totally against taking the position in the summer - should Everton retain their top-flight status but now they look set to unveil Dyche as their new boss. The Toffees are currently in 19th place having won just three of their 20 Premier League matches all season. Lampard finally received his marching orders on Monday following the 2-0 defeat at West Ham last weekend. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks The result means Everton had lost three matches against fellow relegation rivals - Wolves, Southampton and West Ham - within the space of a few weeks. Bielsa was seemingly against the idea of adding a relegation to his C.V. as he understands the risk involved in taking the Everton hot-seat in this desperate time of crisis. The ruthless call means Dyche is now considered to be the top contender for the position and although it's understood he was not Farhad Moshiri's top candidate, it's claimed the former Burnley boss is very popular within other areas of the Everton hierarchy. It's understood an announcement could arrive as early as today as Dyche looks to get down to business ahead of next weekend's visit of Premier League leaders Arsenal. Sam Allardyce and West Brom head coach Carlos Corberan were two of the other names that have been linked with the vacant managerial position. Carlo Ancelotti's son Davide Ancelotti, who worked at Goodison Park under his father between 2019 and 2021, was also among the bookies' favourites for the position but it seems Everton have opted for some proven Premier League experience. On Thursday, The League Manager’s Association released a statement on behalf of ex-boss Lampard following his dismissal earlier in the week. The ex-Chelsea and England midfielder said: “Coming into Everton last year I knew we were in a tough moment and I will always be proud of the incredible work and support from everyone involved to keep the team in the Premier League last season. “Thanks to everybody that played their part as the whole club came together. I will never forget the incredible night against Palace that we shared. I want to thank all Evertonians for the welcome that you gave to myself, my staff, and my family. It truly is a special club with a huge heart, and an incredible history. “I’m disappointed that we couldn’t achieve more together and wish all the players and everyone at Everton FC the very best for the future.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!