On Monday evening, Channel 4  The latest episode of the Channel 4 show focussed on Jeremy and his move to the Spanish region of Andalusia with his small Westie dog Hugo. He bought a six-bedroom hostel with five bathrooms, which had been unused for the past 10 years, for €90,000 in Cantoria.  Speaking to Express.co.uk, about his new venture in Spain, he opened up about the challenge of moving abroad. READ MORE:GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash     He said: “Nothing is plain sailing is it? The challenge was to open a business and not speak the language fluently. “It was relatively easy to open the business and get it all up, but the challenge is not speaking fluent Spanish.” Jeremy revealed that as a whole, the majority of his guests are from the country with only around 30 percent being a mixture of Dutch and British customers. He continued: “I guess the other challenge is actually getting up and running a business and not knowing where it’s going to go, that’s the challenge to make it pay, to make it viable.   “I can’t throw loads of money at it because why would you? It doesn’t make business sense. I spent money renovating it but I want to see the house pay for itself.” Jeremy made the move from the UK at the end of summer 2021 and confessed he’s learnt a lot more of the language since being out there for over a year. He said he’s learning every day with the help of his guests who use translate on their phones to help him converse. The A New Life in the Sun star added: “Most of the guests sort of understand what I’m saying and I use translator but they get their phones out and at breakfast, they ask me questions. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh addresses his role in The Larkins being ‘cancelled’ [VIDEO] Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL] GMB viewers slam ‘dreadful’ interview with Prince Harry's past fling [REACTION]   “Like, ‘How did you come here? We love your house'. Everyone’s been brilliant so far, my reviews on Booking.com are 9.5. “There’s some lovely feedback that’s come back, but it was always going to be Spain for me.” Jeremy transformed half of the rooms which were available for guests to rent straight away. Although the pressure was on in Monday's episode as the business owner revealed he would need the three bedrooms available rented out every night to break even.    During the episode, he confessed: “The pressure’s enormous really when you think about it, I try not to think about it too much. “I’m always very optimistic, I’m open-minded. Yeah, I’m over-positive, hey I’m a salesperson, or was! “So yeah the pressure is on.” However, despite the fear of its success in the early stages, Jeremy confessed he still pinches himself as he gets to be doing his dream. A New Life in the Sun continues weekdays on Channel 4 from 4pm.  