The Duke of Sussex has been warned against becoming a "professional victim", by a PR expert, following his recent bombshell interviews promoting his new book, Spare. In his most recent media blitz, Harry has made several shocking revelations about himself and members of the Royal Family. The book has been a financial success, gaining the title of the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever. However, Harry's reputation has taken a hit, as a recent YouGov poll claimed almost two-thirds of Americans said they dislike the Duke in light of his new book. Eric Schiffer, chair of Reputation Management Consultants, spoke to Newsweek about apparent increased negative opinions of the 38-year-old prince. He said: "There's been an inflection point. A spontaneous combustion because of the position of late as a professional victim".   He advised the Duke to publicly focus more on "positive" work he and his wife, Meghan Markle, are doing rather than dwell on his grievances with the Firm He added: "That's the concern that he will need to balance. I will imagine that he will need to tack back at some point and I have recommended publicly that he refocus on the positive works, the environment and mental health, equality, that he and Meghan have done so well before, and to take the club and drop it on the ground." Similarly, marketing expert Edward James Coram told Express: "If their aims truly are as stated (to heal their family rifts, repair their reputation and live a quiet life) then their PR strategy has been a complete failure, and was destined to be a failure from the start. "PR campaigns based on negativity will fail 99%percent of the time. Often they will not only fail, but will often backfire. That appears to be what has happened here". READ MORE: How Pippa and Kate were compared to Jackie Kennedy in cutting jibe He added: "Negative campaigns rarely serve you well. They only tend to work if the ammunition you have on the other side is so earth-shattering and evidenced as to instantly disarm and dismantle the other side in the public image. But such a strategy can leave little room for doubt. "If you make a claim, but without enough evidence to convincingly substantiate your claim beyond doubt, or if the claim itself is evidenced but not earth-shattering, then you run the risk of the punch not landing on its intended mark. And there is nothing more unpredictable than what happens in the immediate aftermath of a punch not landing." Mr Coram, owner of GoUp, said it is "a shame" the couple have chosen the focus on negative issues as they have positive material they could have highlighted as part of their media strategy. He added: "The couple has a huge amount of positive material upon which they could have drawn to execute an impressive positive PR campaign. "They are some of the world's leading lights on care for disabled veterans. They are strong supporters of the environment and respected and vocal voices for vulnerable women. "Doubling down on these causes could have silenced all but the most fervent of their detractors. It would have built a platform upon which they could undertake serious, important filmmaking that doubled down on these causes and made them respected figures within the world of documentary-making. "By focusing on scandal and theatre, they have chosen the same strategy of those same tabloids that so evidently caused them so much heartache in the first place". 