HBO’s post-apocalyptic series, The Last of Us has taken fans by storm as millions tuned in to watch the video game adapted for TV screens. With viewers only two episodes in, the show proved to be a success as it bagged a major HBO record.   The Last of Us follows the lives of a group of people as they continued their fight for 20 years after a fungal infection sparked a global pandemic. Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) was tasked with leading 14-year-old Ellie (Bella Ramsey) across the post-apocalyptic United States. She was being escorted to a militant revolutionary faction led by a group known as the Fireflies as they believed Ellie held the key to their survival. Although she seemed to have immunity from the vicious virus, the journey didn’t come without hardship as they came across zombies with four different levels of infection. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive   The gripping thriller proved to be a major success as the second episode completely surpassed the premiere’s viewing numbers. According to TV Line, episode two delivered the largest week two audience gain for any HBO original drama. As the episode premiered on Sunday, it drew in 5.7 million viewers across HBO and linear telecasts in the United States. With a surge of 22 percent from the premiere, this marked the largest week-two audience growth for any HBO Original drama series in the 50-year history of the network.    The Last of Us premiered this month with a total of 4.7 million viewers switching to HBO. As the number of viewers rose, the storyline also took an unexpected turn as fans were shocked by a surprising death. The second episode followed Tess (Anna Torv) who joined Joel and Ellie on their journey to meet a handful of the Fireflies. However, tragedy struck when they realised the group had been killed. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [INSIGHT]Bella Ramsey is actually much older than Ellie in The Last of Us [INSIGHT]The Last Of Us' Ellie star admits she thought she was 'terrible' [INSIGHT]    Sadly, the bad news didn’t end there as Tess revealed she had a bite mark on her neck. Knowing this meant she was infected, Tess encouraged Joel and Ellie to gain a head start so they could have enough time to escape and she sacrificed herself to take out the hoard of undead coming their way. On their mission to put an end to this nightmare, they came across different types of zombies. Those who are in the first stage of infection were known as the runners as they had only come into contact with the fungus.    The runners eventually become stalkers and keep the speed and vision of runners but are much more aggressive. The stalkers also had fungal growths growing on their heads and faces and could be identified by their distinct croaking sounds. Clickers were the third stage of infection and got their name from their ability to make clicking sounds to bounce sounds off objects and make their way around. However, they were also blind as the infection destroyed their faces, which in turn made the tougher to kill. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK. 