It comes after Lloyds and Halifax announced they are to axe yet more sites, continuing the long-running trend among high street banks. They hope to save money by taking advantage of the shift to digital banking, which allows some customers to manage their accounts online. But they are ignoring the fact that millions of people still rely on bricks and mortar branches to access basic and essential services. Indeed, even the most digitally savvy may still need a counter on occasion. For the big banks, office closures are a way of maximising profits. However, they are already highly profitable businesses and continue to provide returns to shareholders despite the current economic turmoil. People from all backgrounds appreciate being able to walk into a branch, but those who use them most often tend to be older. It means the closures effectively discriminate against a particular section of society who may have been loyal customers for decades. Some people with disabilities, such as a visual impairment, can also be more likely to require face-to-face assistance on occasion. These are some of the reasons why it is so important that we all join the campaign to save our bank branches. Far too many have already been lost and it is essential that we fight to protect those that remain. Pharmacists are the unsung heroes of our health service. They are highly qualified and play a vital role in the communities they serve. Their importance was highlighted during the pandemic, when many helped administer vaccines. Today, as the NHS struggles, some politicians are asking whether the role of pharmacists could be expanded further in order to relieve pressures elsewhere. It sounds like the worst time to be talking about possible closures. However, the Association of Independent Multiple Pharmacies warns this is exactly what could happen, as pharmacies struggle with rising energy and medicine costs. Rishi Sunak is understandably proud of his pharmacist mother and says he grew up working in the dispensary with her. He clearly appreciates the importance of pharmacies and will want to take these warnings very seriously. The King has taken the Royal Train for the first time, and we hope he enjoyed the journey as much as the cheering crowds in Bolton enjoyed his arrival there. If only the rest of us could also depend on regular and reliable train travel in these strike-ridden times!