The Royal Family's official Twitter account, which represents King Charles, Queen Camilla and all the senior working royals who don't have their own official social media handles, shared a sweet message to mark Kate's 41st birthday. The brief tweet read: "Wishing The Princess of Wales a very Happy Birthday today!" The message was accompanied by a picture of the royal in which she smiles widely while receiving a bouquet of flowers from a child, two-year-old Charlotte Bunting, whom she met during an official visit to Swansea Kate and Prince William carried out in late September. While the princess donned black trousers and a jumper underneath a red coat, the child looked adorable in a traditional Welsh dress. This message of support for the Princess of Wales was welcomed by many royal fans, who responded to it with their own best wishes for Kate. One Twitter, user named Sarah Delore (@sarah_delore) wrote: "Happy birthday darling Catherine! Hope the whole family is spoiling her - she deserves it." Another, named Belle (@RoyallyBelle_) said: "We love you Catherine!" Similarly, the user named mrc (@brigantia__) added: "Happy Birthday Princess Catherine, I hope you have a wonderful day." And Mary (@ZaynafamilyMary) wrote on the social media platform: "Happy birthday! We hope The Princess of Wales has a wonderful day surrounded by family and friends. May her special day be filled with fun and laughter." The tweet was shared just hours after interviews with Prince Harry were aired by ITV and US broadcaster CBS. Speaking with British journalist and friend of the royal Tom Bradby, Harry claimed Prince William and his wife had never got on with Meghan Markle "from the get-go". READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' The pair were accused by the Duke of creating a barrier with the now Duchess of Sussex. Harry said: "There was a lot of stereotyping that was happening, that I was guilty of as well, at the beginning. "American actress, right, and that was playing out in the British press in the media at the time as well. "Some of the things that my brother and sister-in-law – some of the way that they were acting or behaving – definitely felt to me as though, unfortunately, that stereotyping was causing a bit of a barrier to them really sort of, you know, introducing or welcoming her in." Pressed on what he meant, he added: "Well, American actress, divorced, biracial, there’s all different parts to that and what that can mean." Kate is also mentioned in Harry's book, Spare, which will be officially released in all bookshops and audiobook providers on Tuesday but has been mistakenly put on sale in Spain five days too early, allowing royal watchers to read ahead of time the bombshell memoir. The book reportedly includes the claim Kate and William encouraged Harry to wear, for a fancy dress party held in 2005, a Nazi uniform. The Duke also reportedly accused his sister-in-law of "reluctantly" lending Meghan her lip gloss at their Royal Foundation Forum appearance in February 2018. Harry wrote: "Kate, taken aback, went into her handbag and reluctantly pulled out a small tube. "Meg squeezed some onto her finger and applied it to her lips. Kate grimaced."