Arsenal will be hoping that their previously successful negotiations with Brighton will put them in good stead to land Moises Caicedo this month. The Gunners have already seen a bid rejected for the midfielder and could return with a second offer. Mikel Arteta’s side are five points clear at the top of the table and are hoping to use the January transfer window to strengthen further. The north London outfit headed into January believing that they were a few arrivals away from laying down a serious title charge. Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder to provide a different option in the centre of the park, with several different options being identified. The Emirates Stadium outfit submitted an offer of £60million for Caicedo on Friday that was promptly rejected by the Seagulls, who have no interest in parting ways with their No 25. Brighton are refusing to put a price tag on the Ecuador international and have been vocal about how they want to retain his services until the end of the season so that he can help them in their European charge. Arsenal will be well aware of that and know that their league rivals are never likely to budge, as shown by previous negotiations with the club have shown. Earlier this month, the Gunners signed Leandro Trossard from Brighton in a quick-fire deal that saw negotiations open and close in the space of two days. The winger was unhappy at the club and made his fallout with Roberto De Zerbi public, which prompted a flurry of sides to register an interest before Arsenal seized the opportunity – having missed out on Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea earlier this month. The Gunners also signed Benjamin White from the Seagulls in 2021 in a deal worth £50m, though that was a more lengthy process. Arsenal saw a lower bid knocked back by Brighton, who were willing to keep the now-England international at the club if they did not receive a bid of their asking price (£50m). Brighton are one of the toughest negotiators in the Premier League and Arsenal will know that they will need to be very lenient with their next offer if they are to strike a deal for Caicedo. De Zerbi has been strong about how he does not want to lose any players this month and the Gunners may have to draft up ‘summer bid’ plans given that Brighton’s stance looks unlikely to change, especially with such little time in the window left to bring in a replacement.