Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they have "completely destroyed remaining goodwill" with the British public following their "vicious attacks" against the Royal Family. The couple have launched a series of bombshell claims against the Royal Family in recent weeks, with one commentator warning all bridges have now been burnt with Buckingham Palace. These claims began in six-part documentary series on Netflix. Harry has fired more accusations against the Firm during a series of interviews to promote his new book, Spare. The memoir, which leaked in Spain last Thursday and has now officially been released, also sees Harry make several accusations against the royals. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, warned the couple the British public have now turned against them. He told Express.co.uk: "This is a bridge too far for Meghan and Harry with the Royal Family. There's no turning back now from their latest vicious attacks. "They have spectacularly burnt whatever bridges remain with Buckingham Palace but significantly, they have completely destroyed any remaining goodwill there may have been among the British people. "The British public overwhelmingly have a negative view of Meghan and Harry. The American public are also turning significantly against them." Mr Gardiner also warned Harry and Meghan of a furious backlash in the US, claiming even some of the duchess's closest allies have now turned against her. He continued: "It is striking Meghan has had very little support from the woke liberal elites who haven't come out in force to defend her. The scale of Meghan's vanity and arrogance has even put off some of her natural allies on the American left. "The American people are tired of the endless whining and complaints coming from Meghan Markle. They have no time for her complaints against the British monarchy or complaints of being a victim. READ MORE: POLL – Has Prince Harry gone too far in his attacks on Camilla? "The Royal Family is still very popular in the US and Americans do like the British monarchy. With the passing of the Queen, there was a huge outpouring of grief in America. Every US flag was flown at half mast here for over a week. "They love the Royal Family and Meghan attacking the monarchy is certainly not a popular move here." Harry has suffered a devastating blow after a new poll showed his popularity has plunged to a new low among the British public following a series of claims against the Royal Family. The YouGov survey of 1,693 adults in the UK at the end of last week revealed almost two thirds (64 percent) of Britons have a negative view of the prince compared to 58 percent in May. Just a quarter (26 percent) see him in a positive light. DON'T MISSBBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [VIDEO]Prince Harry 'crosses Charles' red line' as Camilla 'villain' insult [COMMENTS]Harry and Meghan's media blitz angers internet, new data suggests [ANALYSIS] Harry's net favourability among the British public is at an all-time low of -38 with Meghan recording an even lower score of -42. One extract from Harry's new book sees him reportedly claim he was physically assaulted by Prince William in an argument over his marriage to Meghan Markle, with the Prince of Wales allegedly grabbing him and ripping his necklace before knocking him to the floor. The Duke of Sussex also claims "Willy" called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". He claims that he and William told their father Charles they would welcome the now-Queen Consort into the family but only if he didn't marry her. Harry alleges his father did not respond to their pleas. The King also reportedly refused to allow Meghan to join him at Balmoral as The Queen was dying in September with Harry telling his father: "Don't ever speak about my wife that way. In a series of interviews to promote his book, Harry also gave an unflinching assessment of the Queen Consort - the wife of his father, King Charles III. During an interview with ABC's Good Morning America, the Duke of Sussex attacked what he claimed was Camilla's attempts to remake her image, after being cast as the "third person" in his parents' marriage. In a separate interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper, Harry claimed Camilla's willingness to forge relationships with the British press made her "dangerous".