A new series of weather warnings have been issued by the Met Office with many coming into force tonight. The leading forecaster is warning of dangerous ice levels overnight, as temperatures plunge further. The UK has been hit by snow over the last few days - with a milder interlude set to take over some areas from the weekend. But, before then, another cold and frosty night is set. Warnings cover large swathes of the nation, with the following regions included: Derbyshire in the East Midlands, Blackburn with Darwen, Cheshire East, Cheshire West and Chester, Greater Manchester, Halton, Lancashire, Merseyside and Warrington in the north west. In Northern Ireland, County Antrim, County Down and County Londonderry are set to be affected, along with Cornwall, Devon and Plymouth in the south west. In the West Midlands regions such as Shropshire, Staffordshire, Stoke-on-Trent, Telford and Wrekin and the West Midlands Conurbation are also on alert. South and West Yorkshire are also under the same warning.  In Wales Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Isle of Anglesey, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Neath Port Talbot, Pembrokeshire, Powys, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Swansea, Torfaen and Wrexham are included.  The Met Office has said that snowfall will start to phase out tonight, but with this, clear skies will contribute to a big freeze. The warning says: "Wintry showers will gradually die out through Thursday night and with skies clearing, surfaces are expected to fall below freezing leading to ice developing on untreated surfaces." It has asked people to be mindful of "challenging travelling conditions" tonight, with rush hour tomorrow also set to be a difficult one. Among the things to expect are slips and falls on slippery surfaces and some icy patches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths. While gritters generally make it out before the temperatures drop, they only cover primary routes - which means small, residential roads may be particularly hazardous. An overnight blast of icy conditions has already caused travel chaos this morning, as Manchester Airport was forced to suspend both of its runways due to an influx of snow and ice. It has since confirmed it has resumed operations. READ MORE: Snow tracker LIVE: Met Office puts nation on alert as ‘deep freeze Britain’ dips sub-zero  Weather maps show the mercury plunging to a bone-chilling -1C in southern England, with counties such as Kent, Sussex and Hampshire straddling 0C. The south west will also be in exactly the same position overnight. Manchester will freeze under conditions reaching -5C, with Scotland reaching the lowest point. The Highlands will battle -7C. Parts of Wales will also hover between -3C and -4C. Along with hazards expected to drivers and those on foot, there's also a renewed fear over burst pipes within households due to temperatures constantly thawing, freezing, then defrosting once again. The Met Office has urged vigilance - and offered some advice over what to do if a frozen pipe is identified. It says: "If you spot that one of your pipes might be frozen, turn off your inside stop tap immediately. It's usually located under the kitchen sink, but can also be found in downstairs bathrooms, kitchen cupboards, garages, cellars and under the stairs.   "Open all your taps to drain the system as quickly as possible, saving some water in a bucket, if you can, for flushing toilets and hand washing. When the water stops running, turn all the taps off." It says people should be checking every six months to ensure their stop taps are working - to avoid disasterous events during freezing weather. But in terms of defrosting a frozen pipe, it continues: "It's best to thaw out pipes slowly, with hot water bottles or towels soaked in hot water. "Never use a naked flame or blowtorch to thaw the pipe – as direct heat may cause permanent damage to the pipes and could also lead to a fire in the home. If you need help, contact an approved plumber. Turn on nearby cold taps (keep the stop tap turned off) as this will relieve pressure on the frozen pipe." 