Gemma Atkinson, 38, and her Strictly Come Dancing partner Gorka Marquez, 32, announced the exciting news on Instagram in a heartwarming post. The couple, who are already parents to their four-year-old daughter Mia, shared they will soon be welcoming a baby boy to their family. The Emmerdale star admitted it was becoming "impossible to hide" her growing baby bump as she shared a series of heartwarming photos. Alongside a picture of her cradling her baby bump, Gemma wrote: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially 'popped.' "Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year. "We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie." READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman  Gorka also shared the happy news with his 748,000 followers as the couple were inundated with congratulatory messages. Oti Mabuse gushed: "Congratulations." Charley Webb commented: "Just the cutest ever." John Whaite gushed: "Aaaahh what lovely news. Congratulations."  Giovanni Pernice remarked: "Congratulation !!! The best family and def the best parents." Dianne Buswell gushed: "So excited for you guys." Amy Dowden added: "Soooooooooooo happy for such a beautiful family." The news comes just weeks after the Hollyoaks star said she is ready to have a second baby after a “traumatic” first birth. DON'T MISS... Richard Osman hints at BBC Radio 2 replacement as fans 'switch off'[LATEST]Catherine Zeta Jones in eye-popping display with Michael Douglas[PICTURES]Harry and Meghan's 'unwise' decision could 'ruin' King's Coronation[INTERVIEW] Gemma gave birth to Mia in 2019 and needed an emergency c-section and suffered a haemorrhage after the birth, losing nearly a litre of blood. Following the experience she said she was “adamant” that she and her partner, Strictly's, Gorka, would not want another child. "All these things were going through my mind, what did I do that caused all that to happen? I was telling myself for weeks and weeks I’d failed at childbirth,” she told Channel 4’s Steph’s Packed Lunch. “I was having horrible dreams that someone was going to take Mia from me. I remember my mum running into my bedroom and I was sat up screaming, sweating.” Gemma added that a woman approached her and her mum when she was out with Mia one day and said: “Oh I believe it (the birth) wasn’t a success was it, you know, what happened?” Her mum replied: “It was a huge success, Mia’s there, Gemma’s here, total success.” “Something clicked in me then,” the actress said of the exchange. “My body had done me proud because it had recovered and got me through. “I’m at the stage where I want a sister or brother for Mia. The first few months of Mia’s life, I kept saying to my partner, Gorka, ‘I’m not going through that again’. I’ve now come out of it and I feel I could.” 