Spanish Queen Letizia is a royal style icon. During her latest appearance at the FEDER headquarters, she wowed in a camel ensemble very similar to one Kate, Princess of Wales wore last year. Letizia stepped out on January 17 to attend a meeting at the Spanish Federation for Rare Diseases. She looked chic as ever in a mid-length camel coat, a camel jumper and grey checked trousers. Her look bore an uncanny resemblance to one of fellow fashion icon Kate's. Letizia stunned in a cosy, loose-fitting camel coat which fell to just above her ankles. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' She wore it unfastened in a casual style with the belt hanging loosely. The fashionable royal went for tonal dressing with a chic jumper, also in camel. She broke up the monochrome look with a pair of grey checked trousers. On her feet she went for black, suede pointed-toe pumps. As for accessories Letizia opted for an everyday black handbag, the handle draped over one shoulder. However, the stylish royal decided to ditch one particular accessory - one that has become part of her royal wardrobe over time. Letizia is rarely spotted out and about without her Signature Ring, a Karen Hallam creation. On the official website it is described as "the perfect gift for her, handmade jewellery, everyday jewellery". READ MORE: Kate wore full length gown with a twist trendy - pictures  She did not scrap the jewellery entirely though, wearing one gold band and a pair of dainty gold earrings. Her nails were either totally clear or painted nude, which is in keeping with UK royals. Letizia wore her enviable brunette locks down, with lots of bounce and body as it flicked out at the ends. As for makeup, the Spanish Queen went for a dewy look, with a touch of mascara and pop of pink lipgloss. While Letizia did look fabulous, she was not the first royal to step out in a camel coat, as Kate donned the look back in November 2022.  Kate went for head to toe camel with a dress and pumps in similar shades.