On Monday’s instalment of Coronation Street, viewers watched as David Platt (played by Jack P Shepherd) tried to help with his son, Max Turner’s (Paddy Bever) current arrest charge. Meeting with a solicitor to try and get his son out of prison, David turned to his family for the funds needed, although when Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) got involved viewers were left concerned the stalwart could become his next victim. Over the past few months, Coronation Street fans witnessed Max become part of Griff Reynolds' (Michael Condron) racist gang. Recently, the teen was charged with incitement to attempted murder following videos he made play a part in an attack at the Speed Daal. Max was enlisted by the gang leader to make harmful propaganda clips which resulted in Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) being stabbed by extremist Blake Myers (Adam Little) last week. With David’s son’s charge now being increased to Encouragement of Terrorism, the dad was desperate to prove his son’s innocence.  READ MORE:Happy Valley fans claim 'brutal' Ann Gallagher star went 'too far' Meeting with a solicitor on Monday evening’s episode, she told David that Max was groomed by Griff and stands a chance against his charge in court. Although as her prices were pretty steep, David turned to Gail (Helen Worth) and Audrey (Sue Nicholls) to ask for some extra money. With Gail unsure she wanted to help the teen after his crime, Audrey confessed she’d think about it if she could release equity from her home. However, wanting his lies and deceit to go unnoticed by his family, Stephen had words with his mum and convinced her not to help Max.  Later on in the house, David was left reeling with Audrey after her change of heart as it became clear Stephen had something to do with her u-turn decision. Furious, David followed Stephen into the kitchen as he pushed him into the cabinet slamming him for getting involved in a situation he shouldn’t have. As a scrap broke out in the kitchen, viewers watching were quick to back David for attacking the serial killer, although some feared he could become next on his hit list. Taking to Twitter, RyanTheSoapking wrote: “David getting violent with Stephen. Be careful David Stephen is a killer [sic]. #Corrie”  DON'T MISS... Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words [REACTION] Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree's son 'sobbing' over end of show [VIDEO] Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [STRICTLY]  Homebrew19721 said: “Stephen gonna bin david #corrie” Toniearlybird added: “As much as David gets on my nerves, I don't wish him to be Stephen's next victim. The nephew doesn't know who he's dealing with...#Corrie” Mobrees wrote: “Hmmmm! What has Stephen done with Audrey’s house? Now he’s going to have to kill Audrey, David or the Lawyer [sic] to slow things down.” Mikepriestley13 commented: “Is David next on s***y killer Stephens hit list?    Stevebethere tweeted: “Oh dear David don't go near any bins with Stephen FFS Actor Todd Boyce told Express.co.uk and other press that every character on the soap is terrified of facing Stephen’s wrath. He said: “I get asked all the time repeatedly by the same people, 'So how long are you going to be on the show for?' "Because I've had people ask me like three or four times, the same person! I just really want to know, they are just sweating it they really are. "And then there are rumours about people that I don't think I would kill, I'm being told, 'Do you think you're going to kill that person?' They're nervy and worried." In the soap so far, Stephen has killed Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) after he threatened to reveal the truth about his lies to the family. Although Stephen told people Leo had fled the country, his dad Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin) wasn't buying the lie. After coming close to the truth that the businessman had something to do with his dissapearace, Teddy was his second victim. Coronation Street airs weekdays from 8pm on ITV. 