Around the hills and fells, there is a long history of how we have shaped the landscape around us, from the small farms to the holidaymakers keen to benefit from the fresh air and beautiful views. But for decades, nature has been in free fall. Barn owls, butterflies, hedgehogs and red squirrels are losing their habitats and food sources at an alarming rate. We have a plan to reverse and halt this decline but restoring the natural world and creating a sustainable future for our precious species is no mean feat. Since leaving the EU we have taken back control of environmental policy, and set out an ambition in our 25 Year Environment Plan to leave the environment in a better state than we inherited it. We have worked to create new schemes so that we can work together with farmers to support food production at the same time as looking after the environment. But we need to go further and faster, and today we are publishing our Environmental Improvement Plan which sets out how we will deliver on our ambition to halt and reverse nature’s decline. It will include a road map to meet our commitment to protect 30% of land and ocean by 2030 and establish 70 new habitat projects for wildlife. The plan will also tackle environmental pollution by setting a target to reduce emissions from farming and boosting action to clean up dirty air hotspots. We are also working hard to improve the sustainability and quality of our water supply, supporting the fish and insects that thrive in our chalk streams and rivers. We will be looking at new ways to reduce ammonia emissions from organic manures, requiring water companies to upgrade 160 of their wastewater treatment works and making sure that the fines from water companies are put back into the environment.  It’s clear that we have a lot to do. But I am confident that this new Environmental Improvement Plan will help us to build a beautiful and more prosperous country. It will support the creation of green jobs, build our resilience to climate change and support more people to enjoy our landscapes. This is just the beginning and I am sure will excite many Express readers, who I know our deeply passionate about creating space for nature.