Zak Brown has admitted McLaren already have a plan in place for Oscar Piastri as the highly-rated rookie is set to make his F1 debut. Brown has revealed the pressure will be off the former F2 champion as he faces off against British sensation Lando Norris. Piastri won the F3 and F2 titles in his first season but Brown has not set tough targets for his first year. The McLaren boss said the first goal was simply to allow Piastri to find his feet in a 'big team' before looking into results. He told Speedcafe: “I think Oscar, he’s a very focused, mature, fast individual from everything that we’ve seen so far. His track record is much like Lando’s in that he’s kind of won everything in his first year along the way, which is pretty rare, which means you have got to be pretty, pretty special. “So we just need to integrate them into the team, like we did with Lando, and hope that he finds his feet. He will have plenty of support from us. We want to make sure there’s not too much pressure on him coming into a big team against a very difficult, fast team-mate. READ MORE: Zak Brown attacks Alpine over 'unpleasant' claims after Piastri battle “But I have no doubt Oscar’s going to settle in nicely and be a strong teammate for Lando.” Piastri replaces Daniel Ricciardo who was let go by the team over the summer after struggling against Norris. The former Red Bull star failed to beat Norris on 17 occasions in 2022 and finished a staggering 85 points behind him in the standings. McLaren secured the services of Piastri after he ditched Alpine for the British manufacturer. Alpine boss Otmar Szafnauer was furious with Piastri’s decision, claiming the youngster lacked integrity. Both teams fought for the 21-year-old at F1’s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) with McLaren coming out on top in the hearing. DON'T MISSLando Norris' joke 2023 McLaren change amid George Russell 'jealousy' [INSIGHT]McLaren boss 'excited' for 'sensational' Daniel Ricciardo replacement [ANALYSIS]Daniel Ricciardo sends simple message to McLaren replacement Piastri [COMMENT] Ahead of his debut, Piastri stressed he was hoping to learn from Norris and enjoy a good relationship with his new team-mate. He commented: “I don’t know Lando that well. I’ve spoken to him a couple of times very briefly and we’ve got a few mutual friends in common. But yes, I’m looking forward to getting to know him, both personally and professionally. “I think our junior careers have been quite similar. He’s obviously proven as well in F1 that he’s a very capable driver and a strong driver as well. “I’m looking forward to being able to show what I have, but also there’s undoubtedly going to be things to learn along the way, and I think Lando’s a very strong team-mate to be able to learn from. I think it’ll be a good working relationship.”