A couple concealed their dog's corpse in a bag and dumped it on the banks of the Mersey after subjecting it to months of brutal abuse. Chantelle Duvall-Gregory, 20, and Christy Carl-Hewitt, 21, kicked, punched and stamped on Snoop, their Belgian German Shepherd, Liverpool Magistrates Court heard. Prosecutors outlined grisly evidence demonstrating Snoop had sustained “extensive bruising and fractures to the ribs” before his body was found inside a locked suitcase by a dog walker on January 11, 2022. According to the Liverpool Echo, his injuries, which also included two fractured canines, were deemed "non-accidental" by Pete Mitchell, prosecuting, and were approximately six to eight weeks old. Mr Mitchell told the courts that it takes "significant force" to break ribs, which act as "nature's shock absorbers". He added that the couple had "minimised exactly how much force they used on this dog”. A youth witness had told how she saw Duvall-Gregory once hit Snoop with a wooden spoon with such force that it broke. The couple allegedly abused the dog over eight months in 2021, between April 1 and December 22. Both women admitted to hitting Snoop but claimed they had not hit the dog hard. Mr Mitchell told the court Duvall-Gregory had admitted she would kick Snoop on his bottom, while Carl-Hewitt said she would occasionally "give it a slap". He said Duvall-Gregory had "accepted she caused a number of the injuries" but "minimises" their severity. Despite the shocking injuries, the dog died following an illness caused by inappropriate food. The court heard that Snoop died from hemorrhagic gastroenteritis after Duvall-Gregory fed him a granola bar containing raisins. Mr Mitchell said the dog was "not fed dog food at all" adding he was "only given leftover food”. On December 23, the day Snoop died, the prosecutor detailed that he had "lost the use of its bowels" and was secreting "black tar". Defending counsel Vicky Balenski said the couple had sought help from vets to help the dog, but no one was available so close to Christmas. She added that the dog had passed before his body was stuffed into the bright pink suitcase, which police eventually linked to Duvall-Gregory when they found her name on the item. Her clients claimed Snoop would not eat dog food, and Duvall-Gregory said she believed she had removed the raisins - which can be lethal to dogs - from the bar before she fed it to the animal. They ultimately pled guilty to inflicting blunt force trauma, physical violence and abusive behaviour, failure to provide an adequate diet and to take Snoop to a vet when necessary. The couple also pleaded guilty to one count of breaching their duties as people responsible for ensuring the animal's welfare. Judge James Hatton sentenced Duvall-Gregory, now a mother, to 22 weeks imprisonment suspended for 18 months and ordered her to pay a £128 victim surcharge and £450 of prosecution costs. Carl-Hewitt received a 22-week prison sentence and was remanded to custody. While handing the sentences, Judge Hatton said the dog was "beaten and abused” for a "lengthy period of time" and told Duvall-Gregory that "prolonged ill-treatment and neglectful treatment" had "resulted in its untimely death.