Video game favourites Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) finally had their horrific survival tales brought to screens when HBO’s The Last of Us premiered on Sunday. Fans of the franchise were all too aware of the bloodshed and death that comes with the zombie series but it’s safe to say many were left taken aback by show bosses’ decision to kill off a key character within its debut episode. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us on HBO. The series set the stage for the horrific outbreak which led to this post-pandemic world Joel, Ellie and a number of other survivors found themselves in. Not only did the series open with a historic warning of a fungal pandemic from the ’60s, but fans also got an insight into Joel’s life with daughter Sarah (Nico Parker) 20 years before the series predominantly takes place. Joel, Sarah and his brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna) were desperately trying to flee when the outbreak first took hold and turn residents into zombies when things took a heartbreaking turn for the family. When confronted by a soldier who didn’t believe Sarah was harbouring an ankle injury, all hope looked lost as the armed guard was given the go-ahead to take them out. READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles fans outraged as key cast members ‘missing’ Luckily, the soldier was shot by Tommy before he could fire into Joel and his daughter but in the crossfire, Sarah took a fatal blow to the torso. Joel could only watch on as his daughter slipped away in his arms before the series moved forward to the present day. While Sarah died, the trauma of the experience clearly lived long in Joel’s head as the memory sparked a furious outburst when he tried to smuggle Ellie out of the FEDRA-controlled community by order of the Fireflies. He ended up beating a FEDRA soldier to a pulp when they were caught at the border as his rage took over and the loss of Sarah played out in his mind. While Sarah’s death clearly hit Joel hard and will undoubtedly linger throughout the series, it also left viewers at home inconsolable. Reacting to the scene, Twitter user and The Last of Us fan @_mxsvn admitted: “Knew sarah’s death was coming but nothing could have prepared me for that scene omg i sobbed #TheLastOfUs.” While video game player @kafkasnd weighed in: “#TheLastOfUs oh no I have to watch sarah die again.” Elsewhere, @kiddinmesmalls praised the series: “ngl #TheLastOfUs got me in a chokehold. i cried so damn hard when Sarah died. y’all did that s**t good.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Caleb Castille lets slip return of Roundtree relativeThe Last of Us’ Bella Ramsey says she’s ‘unhealthily attached’ to starThe Blacklist fans fear cancellation as NBC shares season 10 shake-up Meanwhile, @luvbxnji added: “Watched #TheLastOfUs with my parents, trust me we all cried during Sarah’s scene… “And bro when i thought the game broke me.. the show made me break even more,” followed by a crying emoji. Fellow viewer @lostdogs20 was caught off-guard by Sarah’s demise, typing: “NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! NOT SARAH!!! Sarah was my favorite character so far. #TheLastOfUs.” And @Sakaon4 commented: “I’ve watched Sarah die 4 times and this time they got my grown crying in shock #LastOfUsHBO.” (Sic) Sarah may no longer be in the fray but according to IMDb, this isn’t the last fans have seen of her. Actor Parker is credited with another appearance in the second episode of the series, titled Infected. This will inevitably be as part of a flashback or memory sequence by Joel. Still, one thing that is for sure is he, Ellie and accomplice Tess (Anna Torv) will face an almighty battle for survival following the events of the opener. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.