Dancing on Ice made a return last weekend, and saw the first six celebrity contestants performing for the first time. However, as the ITV show came a close, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby confirmed Ekin-Su had landed in the first skate-off of the series. The Love Island star looked shocked over the news, admitting to the hosts she was "gutted". Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, ice skating coach Daniel King shared his views on the competition so far. On behalf of Heart Bingo, the expert claim Ekin-Su could be at risk of leaving the show first despite Michelle Heaton's "weaker" performance. He went on to address the backlash the reality star received over her outfit. "I think the choreography Ekin-Su was given was performed well," Daniel began. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan "However, I didn’t think the choreography and the costume was appropriate for the competition." "Any criticisms of Ekin-Su might be misdirected and might be suited for the producers." He added: "Generally, I agreed with the judge's scores and believed that Michelle Heaton had the weakest performance of the evening." At the time, Ekin-Su's choice of outfit sparked outrage online, with many viewers fuming it was "a family show". Some angry fans even complained to Ofcom over the Love Island star's appearance. The remaining celebrities will take to the ice on Sunday in a bid to impress the judges. Although, after a public vote, one more pairing will join Ekin-Su in the skate-off. It will then be up to the judges to vote on who they want to stay in the competition. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice's John Fashanu dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [REACTION] When it was confirmed she had landed in the bottom two, Phillip asked her: "How do you feel about that? "You looked a bit surprised when you came over?" "Gutted," Ekin-Su simply replied to the host before adding: "It is fine, just gotta keep going." When asked what they are going to be working on ahead of the skate-off, Ekin-Su's partner Brendyn Hatfield said: "Confidence. "Add a little bit to our skate-off and just make it the strongest version we can." Ekin-Su's facial expression didn't go unnoticed by viewers, and many took to social media at the time to share their thoughts. Will Ekin-Su be the first to leave Dancing on Ice 2023? Dancing on Ice returns tonight at 6.30pm on ITV.