Anthony Joshua’s frontrunner opponent, Jermaine Franklin, has sent a sinister warning to the Brit. Using Deontay Wilder’s infamous ‘body count’ phrase, Franklin hinted that negotiations are nearly all done for his next fight. "I don’t play box! Time for the 989 Assassin to take aim on body count #22 April 1,” tweeted Franklin. Fellow American heavyweight Wilder has received backlash in the past for overstepping the mark with his fight warnings and once claimed he wanted 'a body' on his record. Joshua, meanwhile, is set to make his return to the ring on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London. Express Sport understands Franklin is likely to be the man to face him in his comeback fight with a deal very close. It is understood that both parties have agreed terms and that an official announcement will be made this week. Sources tell Express Sport that Franklin will receive a guaranteed purse of around £800,000, plus a split of the PPV points which could boost the 989 Assassin’s fight earnings to somewhere in the region of £2m. But Eddie Hearn claims that nothing has been agreed yet. “I think Jermaine Franklin is a great fight. Nothing’s signed or agreed yet, but Franklin’s just come off the back of a very close fight with Dillian Whyte, and some people felt like he won that fight,” he told Boxing Social. "I’ve seen the majority of responses from sane people on social media, who are saying, 'that’s a good fight to come back to.' I just don’t understand some people’s criticism of AJ. He’s just fought Oleksandr Usyk twice. MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder brags 'fighters take steroids to face him' as Ruiz swatted away Fury bashed for 'dumbest idea in sport' as Brit teases bout after Usyk McGregor breaks silence after being accused of attacking woman on boat "If he fights Demsey Mckean, Otto Wallin or Jermaine Franklin – I don’t understand what more people want. He’s coming back, working with a new trainer and getting a foothold in the heavyweight division. "Jermaine Franklin is a dangerous fight, he’s full of confidence and coming off a great performance against Dillain Whyte." Franklin beat out other potential opponents, Filip Hrgovic, Otto Wallin, Zhang Zhilei, and Demsey McKean to the blockbuster bout. Dillian Whyte was initially rumoured to be the next opponent for AJ but that fight has now been moved to June providing he gets past Franklin first. Hearn disclosed that Joshua then plans to close out the year with a massive fight against either Tyson Fury or Wilder in December.