Harry has broken the golden Royal rule - never complain, never explain - and though his forthcoming book may cause a temporary dent to the House of Windsor's reputation, they'll get over it. For Harry, this betrayal will be his epitaph. Whatever's unveiled in Spare, in the end the mud will stick, not to the Royal house, William and Kate and King Charles, but to Harry for his despicable attempt to destroy the family which gave him his place in the world. So he and William had a fight - is that something that's really worth airing? It happens in the best-regulated families: fraternal jealousy goes back to biblical days and the story of Cain and Abel. Greed and jealousy caused Cain to kill his brother and what we see here is Harry attempting to do the same, only in print. Think of the acute distress Harry's revelations would cause to the mother he invokes with such monotonous regularity. Princess Diana had her own beefs with the Royal Family. But she built herself a worldwide reputation over decades for her good works. Can Harry say the same? She believed in the monarchy as an institution and recognised the privileged life it had handed her. Does Harry acknowledge that? She believed it was her duty to give something back for all she'd been given in life. Does Harry? Even lukewarm supporters of the monarchy will look with dismay on his chest-beating memoir for its selfishness and destructiveness, its exploitation of his family in return for millions of pounds he doesn't actually need. Time and again since Harry and Meghan broke free from the Royal compound in 2021, they've been called out for the mistruths and exaggerations they and their supporters have foisted on a sometimes gullible public. That Harry now hates his older brother is quite clear, but where and when did it all go wrong? I can reveal their gradual parting of the ways actually predates the death of Diana - which is usually accepted to be the catalyst. William, sent to Eton at 13, had settled into his new school comfortably, even though he found the academic side a challenge. When it was time for Harry to follow, Diana went to see housemaster Dr Andrew Gailey, but was warned it would be inadvisable to put her younger son forward for Eton - he wasn't up to it. The advice was ignored and Harry endured a very bumpy ride at school - academically, but also in terms of popularity - with William the golden boy and Harry much less so. It started the brothers down their separate paths. In her childhood and early adult years, Princess Margaret was intensely jealous of Elizabeth's "special" treatment because she was destined for the throne.  Lilibet was given extra lessons and accorded a reverence by courtiers which did not extend to her kid sister. As a consequence Margaret endured a nagging lack of self-worth that Harry evidently suffers. But she kept her trap shut and got on with life as best she could. There never appeared, publicly at least, to be any friction between the siblings, even though Margaret later declared Lilibet's part in forcing the breach with her great love, Group Captain Peter Townsend, "ruined my life". But she never wrote a book for money, never trashed the House of Windsor, maintained a decorum and dignity (pretty much, anyway) until the end, and always presented the picture of being happy in the company of her sister. Compare that with stony William and Harry at the unveiling of their mother's statue at Kensington Palace in 2021. It should have brought them closer together, but demonstrated just how far apart they'd drifted. Or their appearance with Meghan and Kate after the death of Prince Philip weeks later. Is there a way back for the brothers? The answer, thanks to this book, is now a very definite no. King Charles maintains the door remains open for Harry and he and Meghan are invited to the Coronation. But one day William will become king - and as far as he and Kate are concerned, we understand, there'll be no place at court for Harry. It's over. The Army, once his pride and joy, long ago instituted a charge of Conduct Unbecoming. An officer found guilty of dishonourable conduct - including bringing the Crown into disrepute - would be cashiered and dismissed in disgrace. Just as well, some might think, that Harry jumped before he was pushed. Dishonourable seems just about the right word to describe his actions this week. 