There is no well-kept secret that can guarantee a long life but simple lifestyle tweaks could be enough to add some years to your lifespan. A 90-year-old grandmother Edna May Giordano, who looks 20 years younger, never followed any fad diet or fancy gimmicks. In fact, her approach is a lot simpler. Edna puts her youthful looks down to three pillars - self-care, regular exercise and gardening. Self-care has been a major buzzword in the past decade but its meaning is quite simple. It describes the practice of taking action to preserve or improve one's health, well-being and happiness. When it comes to exercise, the 90-year-old gran adheres to a simple routine every single day. READ MORE: Your social life could be a 'substantial risk factor' for developing dementia - new study  Edna started simple dumbbell and cardio workout in her mid-60s after realising she didn’t want to lose her mobility and strength as she aged. Alongside her exercise routine, she spends as much time as possible outdoors looking after her vegetable garden and flower beds. Her daughter, Dalyce Radtke, 58, has captured clips of her mother’s unbelievable appearance and mobility. From various yoga poses to rolling and rocking, there’s no exercise for core strength that Edna can’t do.  The gran said: “I have no secrets - I exercise because of how it makes me feel afterward. “There are days when I don’t feel like exercising but I do it anyway. I know if I don’t use it, I will lose it.” Her daughter recalled people have always assumed her mother was years younger than her actual age. Dalyce, who is a fitness instructor from Frisco, Texas, believes that her mother’s youthful looks come down to her independence and self-assurance. READ MORE: Ataxia could be an 'early' sign of a stroke - can appear a week before the attack She said: “My mom chooses outfits that make her feel good, not what society typically assumes “grandmas” should wear. She’s not afraid to wear trendy clothing, even at her age!" While Edna thinks her appearance is partly owed to “good genetics”, the 90-year-old has outlived her mum by 8 years. In a TikTok video Dalyce posted on her account dedicated to home workouts and fitness tips for ageing women, Edna explained her mother wasn’t physically active. The first video of Edna, which her daughter posted in August this year, went viral as viewers from around the world couldn’t believe she was actually 90. Dalyce said: “My mom really thinks people are making a big deal over nothing regarding her age and fitness abilities.” They both hope Edna’s story will remind everyone that “age is a mindset” and that a positive attitude towards ageing is key. Dalyce added: “It is inevitable that we will age, the number of years you’ve been alive does not have to limit what you can do or achieve. “If you create consistent habits like common sense food choices, consistent movement and daily gratitude, your age will define nothing more than the linear time of your journey.”