Prince Harry revealed his "internal conflict" in his interview with CBS' Anderson Cooper, a body language expert has claimed. Human behaviour consultant Greg Hartley spotted what he believed was a mistake made by the Prince during the emotional conversation. During the interview, Harry discussed the question that has been on every royal fans' mind - if there is any possibility of a reconciliation with the royal family. The Duke responded: "The ball is very much in their court but Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong. But every time we ask that question no one is telling us the specifics of what we did wrong. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private, that doesn't get leaked." But Mr Hartley told the Daily Star the word "specifics" told him all he needed to know about what was going on in Harry's mind. He claimed that Harry's use of the word "specifics" was an example of the "cognitive dissonance", or "internal conflict", that the Prince was feeling. Mr Hartley said: "He uses a word that I don't think he should ever use and that is 'specifics'. In the famous words of Mandy Patinkin, I don't think that word means what you think it means. I don't think he has ever used a specific in anything. So there's more [cognitive] dissonance." Cognitive dissonance refers to a mental conflict, when beliefs do not match up with actions - an uncomfortable state of mind where someone holds contradictatory beliefs. The Sussexes' lack of specifity has become a running theme of the criticisms levelled against them across various media appearances since they moved to the US. READ MORE: Queen's ex-press secretary demands apology for claim in Harry's book [REVEAL] One of the more explosive claims made during their 2020 interview with Oprah Winfrey was that a member of the family made a racist comment about the colour of Archie's skin before he was born. However, when the couple refused to name the person, they began to receive criticism for the interview - which has since worsened, when Harry appeared to go back on the revelation more recently by stating firmly that his family was not racist. Mr Hartley also pointed to other instances of apparent cognitive dissonance. He said: "Then he talks about them [the Royal Family] leaking information. How much more dissonant can you be than saying 'my family said something bad about me' then writing a damn book and doing a tour about it?" The expert added that Harry took too long answering the question about whether he'd ever be back in the Royal Family because he had "little control over that", claiming the Duke's blinking increased meaning something "is going on internally". DON'T MISS: Prince Harry lays bare how fighter jet sent after father Charles' car [REVEAL]Prince Harry slammed by readers as 96 percent won’t read Spare [INSIGHT]William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [ANALYSIS]  Harry has said in multiple recent interviews that he hopes for reconciliation with the family, telling Mr Cooper that while he hasn't recently spoken to William, "I look forward to — I look forward to us being able to find peace." Meanwhile, in an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, Harry said he "100 percent" believes there is a chance for the family to reunite, saying: "I genuinely believe that and I hope that when it gets to that stage when there can be a constructive conversation, that again I have tried, I have spent a lot of money through legal trying to find some form of reconciliation, and it almost feels as though this status quo internally they feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains as opposed to, I genuinely believe, and I hope, that reconciliation between my family and us will have a ripple effect across the entire world. "Maybe that’s lofty, maybe that’s naïve, whatever. But I genuinely feel that." However, critics have questioned whether Harry's memoir, Spare, in which he alleges Prince William physically assaulted him, details multiple private spats between Meghan and Kate, and says his father jokingly called him the "spare" from the moment of his birth, was written with the intention of bringing the family back together. One in five people polled by YouGov said they believed Prince Harry’s motivation was to tell his side of the story, while nearly twice as many (41 percent) thought his aim was to make money. 