Comedian Darren Harriott is one of the stars competing in the new series of the ITV show Dancing on Ice. Although he’s yet to make his debut, the 34-year-old told Express.co.uk he’s already annoying his professional partner. Last weekend the highly anticipated skating competition returned to ITV with the first set of celebrities taking to the ice. However, this Sunday the second half of acts will be making their debut as viewers get to see Mollie Gallagher, Darren Harriott, John Fashanu, The Vivienne and Carley Stenson. Ahead of their first routines, which they’ve been rehearsing with their professional skating partners over the past few months, Darren and The Vivienne told Express.co.uk how they’re feeling ahead of the show. When asked which was more nerve-wracking, doing stand-up comedy or competing o Dancing on Ice, Darren had no hesitation in confessing it was the ITV show. READ MORE:James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ He said: “If I have a bad gig, I can just call the audience idiots, I can’t really do that to Holly, Phil, Oti and Ashley! “It doesn’t really work that way, I would say Dancing on Ice. “Evening saying it, Dancing on Ice- if there was a show called eating cereal on ice, that sounds dangerous “Just standing on ice is bad enough let alone dancing on it as well.”  Despite the nerves, Darren stated he’ll be taking the competition week by week and will try to remain calm when skating. He added: “I am annoying the living hell out of my partner because I am constantly sending messages saying, ‘look at this lift, look at this skate, can we do that?’ “Then my partner, Tippy will message and go, ‘yes Darren but it’s 3AM’” “We wouldn’t take part in this show if we weren’t going to go 100% because it’s too risky. DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer’s Knitting identity ‘uncovered’ as Elaine Paige [VIDEO] Coronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family member [SOAP] Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed [SPOLIER] “Our egos could be dented, it could be really embarrassing, it wouldn't work if we didn’t give it all that we’ve got.” Echoing Darren’s comments, the first dragster to compete in the show’s history, The Vivienne admitted she’s now become obsessed with skating. Revealing that when her husband wants to watch a soap on the TV, she’ll be wanting to watch the world champion skating competitions. The Vivienne added: “I’m putting my slippy socks on and gliding around the kitchen on the wooden floors.  “I’ve fallen in love with skating, I have so much respect for the pros and what they do.” This weekend one of the skating celebrities will find themselves in the bottom two and will have to go head-to-head with Love Island star Ekin-Su. The 28-year-old received a score of 21.5 from the judges, which put her in fourth place on the leaderboard. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX. 