Watermelons are flavoursome and healthy, but the rising cost of this popular fruit means you don't want to waste a single piece. Hacking away at the hard green rind to create perfectly rounded slices is never easy, though one TikTok user has found an easy shortcut to ensure you get to enjoy every ounce of the juicy pink core. The thrifty cookbook author, @yumlabels used nothing but a sharp knife to demonstrate the quick tip. In a recent video posted on her page, the social media chef revealed that she "will never cut her watermelon any other way" since discovering the cutting trick. To try it yourself, start by cutting a fresh, whole watermelon down the centre to create two equal halves. This is best done on the shorter part of the fruit rather than the long edge. The user, @yumlabels said: "Once you cut the watermelon in half lengthwise, we're just going to start by cutting a grid - first one way, then the other way." You should end up with around six strip-like sections which can then be scored on the top to create smaller squares. READ MORE: Measuring tips for 'perfect portioning' when cooking pasta and rice If done correctly, the end result should leave your watermelon looking like a "turtle shell", with none of the pink flesh on show. You should be able to easily pick up the small squares of rind to reveal the "perfect spears" of the juicy fruit. While demonstrating the hack, the TikTok star noted that the method makes the fruit "so easy to eat which makes it especially perfect for serving". What's more, the fuss-free hack also means you don't end up with sticky fingers or a puddle of juice on your cutting board, unlike most other watermelon cutting hacks. The watermelon sticks are ready to eat as they are though you can cut them up smaller if you want to. According to @yumlables, this cutting trick allows you to create "perfect squares" if you prefer more bite-sized chunks. DON'T MISS:Savvy shopper shares tip that slashed weekly food bill to just £3.50 [REVEAL]Pub owner's incredible response after begging dog 'ruins' diner's meal [INISGHT]‘Save time’ cleaning your air fryer with 'game-changing’ tip [TIPS] The TikTok user noted that "one of the best things" about the grid-cutting method is that it takes just two minutes if that to do. When it comes to storing the perfectly sliced fruit, the social media chef recommended placing them in a big airtight container with a lid. Alternatively, you can use a big bowl covered with cling film, just make sure it is sealed to keep the pink chunks fresh. Other TikTok users loved the hack, with one commenting: "Why did it take us years to realise this?" READ MORE: Burger King launches brand-new menu items - here's what you can get Another added that the hack can be used in reverse too. They commented: "You know if you do it the opposite way, you get the same results without the rind." To do this, cut the melon in half as normal, but flip it over to keep the rind face down instead. Make the scores along the length and width of the fruit to form the grid pattern. Cut into slices to separate the fruit into chunks and reveal the spear-like results. This time, the fruit will be facing upwards which could make it more difficult to hold up - particularly if the fruit is edging towards being overripe.   If you do cut into your watermelon to find that the inside is mushy rather than firm, you can scoop out the insides and blend it up into a thick mixture. Either add to fresh smoothies and homemade juice drinks or pour into an empty ice cube tray to make frozen, flavoured portions for future use. Even the rind can be added to homemade drinks, just chop it into small chunks and add it to your blender or food processor. Add cucumber, grapes, and any other fruit you'd like into the mixture to create a healthy and filling drink.