Charley, 34. who played Debbie Dingle in the soap, revealed that she suffers from terrible anxiety when it comes to the medical procedure. Going make-up free for her important post, the actress revealed that she always gets nervous before her smear test appointment. Speaking directly into the camera she said: “So I had my smear test today, I know that sounds so personal.  "But the reason I am saying it is because I literally have the worst anxiety building up to anything like that.   “Like, a smear test. I really hate it. But then I do it and I'm like, oh yeah, I’m really fine. It’s so quick, it’s so simple.  "You’re in and you’re out. It’s not the feeling of it, it’s nothing to do with that, it's just the whole process."  READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 Charley went on to explain why the test makes her feel awkward.   The soap star admitted that even talking to the doctor or nurse before the procedure leaves her uncomfortable.   However, she was keen to assure her followers that, despite her concerns, the actual procedure is absolutely fine.   The mum-of-three, who is married to fellow Emmerdale actor Matthew Wolfenden, went on to remind fans to book their smear tests, as they are really important.   According to the NHS website, a cervical screening (smear test) checks the health of your cervix. The website adds that it is not a test for cancer, but is in fact a test to help prevent cancer.  The informative message comes just days after Charley took to Instagram to get reassurances from her followers for what she described as her ‘parenting hell.’   Charley shared her stress of the daily routine of getting her two eldest children ready for school.   She asked her followers whether they shared the same anxieties she had doing the school run. She posted a video and said: "Anybody else have the worst time getting out to the school run?  “Honestly, the worst time, I fell out with both of my two oldest ones this morning, both were so rude at different times.   "Bowie had a full meltdown because he wanted to make an iMovie as we were walking out of the door.   “I said 'You can't do it now because we're leaving but you can do it after school,' no, that's not good enough.”  DONT MISS: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender [LATEST] Happy Valley spoiler clip teases Ryan Cawood kidnap plot [LATEST] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [[INSIGHT] She then compared her own stressful trip to the school gates with other parents, whom she felt looked as if they were coping well.   She continued: “These parents who just like toddle into school not caring…”  “I'm like, 'Get into the school. See you later…' I don't obviously but that's what's going through my mind".   The actress often posts her experiences as the parent to three children, regularly asking her followers for advice and parenting tips. Recently, she took to the site to ask whether it is normal for her three-year-old son to keep waking up during the night.   Posting a picture of her youngest son, she told her followers that due to his schedule, it felt like she had not slept properly in years.   She said: “My youngest gets up ALL night long. Just whenever he feels like it. He was 3 in July, this should not be a thing, surely?”   “I feel like I’ve not slept for 108 years.” (sic)