Emma* had her savings stolen after being deceived by a WhatsApp scammer posing as her son. She has spoken out to warn others to be vigilant of similar scams. Describing herself as disabled and living alone, Emma explained that a sum of £700, that she had been saving from her benefits, was stolen from her bank account at the start of January. Whilst explaining her situation, she recalled being contacted via WhatsApp by a scammer pretending to be her son. She said she received two WhatsApp messages from the scammer, who claimed to be her son using a borrowed phone. Due to the nature of the messages, which in the moment seemed to align with a situation her son could have been in, along with the urgency of the request for money, the woman complied. READ MORE: Millions could get £180 off broadband bills - are you eligible for tariff? She continued: “I was overwhelmed by their kindness, compassion and understanding. “I was in bits at the time, but they didn’t make me feel stupid, and they were so diligent. I am so grateful to them – they got me through it all.” Fortunately, the bank was able to recover her stolen savings during the days following the scam, however this is rare as not all victims are able to get their money back. Advising others to be wary of WhatsApp scams, Emma added: “Be careful and just be wary.” READ MORE: Pensioners could get 100% off their council tax bill and thousands may be missing out On their website, NatWest explained “what to look out for” in WhatsApp scams and what to expect. They said a WhatsApp family and friends impersonation scam occurs when a criminal sends someone a message pretending to be a friend or family member. The message will have a generic opening such as "Hello Mum" or "Hi Dad". The scammers will claim that they've got a new phone- often because they’ve lost their phone- or their phone is damaged and that’s why they're messaging from a different number. They'll then claim that they urgently need money to pay for a new phone, to pay a bill, or buy other items. On the NatWest website, it said: “If you think you've received a WhatsApp impersonation message, don’t send any money. Call a trusted number (not the new one you’ve just been given) that you have saved for your friend or family member so you can make sure they’ve sent you a message asking for money. “You can report scam messages within WhatsApp. Long press and hold on the message bubble, select ‘Report’, and then follow the instructions. If you're unsure whether a friend or family member is actually messaging you, you can always refuse, reject, block, or ignore the messages.” If someone thinks they may have been targeted by criminals, they are encouraged to report it. They can call the bank using the number on the back of their card, or from the numbers on their banks website. People can also dial 159 to be connected securely to their bank. WhatsApp also suggest how people can protect themselves. They launched a campaign which encourages people to "STOP. THINK. CALL." before they respond to a suspicious or unusual message. A WhatsApp spokesperson said: “WhatsApp protects our users’ personal messages with end-to-end encryption, but we can all play a role in keeping our accounts safe by remaining vigilant to the threat of scammers. "We advise people never to share their six-digit PIN code with others, not even friends or family, and recommend that all users set up two-step verification for added security. "And if you receive a suspicious message (even if you think you know who it’s from), calling or requesting a voice note is the fastest and simplest way to check someone is who they say they are. A friend in need is a friend worth calling.” For more information on keeping one'sWhatsApp account safe, Britons can visit their website. *name has been changed, at request, to protect the victim's identity.