 Kate, Princess of Wales, and Prince William will seemingly be hit hard by Prince Harry’s forthcoming memoir, which is set for official publication on Tuesday but went on sale in Spain accidentally last week. According to leaked excerpts, the Duke of Sussex recounts a physical altercation between him and his brother, painting an arguably aggressive image of the Prince of Wales. Harry claims William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor,” before asking the younger brother to hit him back. While William’s fiery temperament has previously been reported, many have claimed the Prince had improved since his teenage years, particularly with the help of Princess Kate.  Robert Jobson, royal author and expert, noted William’s occasional “short fuse” and “volatile” character but stressed that they were characteristics common among public figures. Rachel Burchfield and Jessica Robinson, hosts of Podcast Royal, invited the author onto their podcast to discuss his book, William at 40, in April 2022. In his book, Mr Jobson wrote: “William is a kind man intent on doing good in the world, not just for humans, but for animals too. But you write in private, however, William can be a sensitive and difficult character with a short fuse and fiery temperament that can blow up because of frustration at any time, particularly when it comes to issues regarding his family.” Referencing the extract, Ms Robinson asked how William’s “private” character compares to his public persona. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William: How royal rift broke brothers' 'unique bond'  The author responded: “There is always a private side to someone and he [William] can be volatile. He’s not always necessarily deferential towards his father; I know that they sometimes have had disagreements like in all families.” “You have to remember that this is a family and there will be ups and downs in the family,” he continued. “But in private, I think he can be quite difficult and sometimes has a short fuse with staff, but I do think that it comes with the territory. I think that when a lot is expected of you, you can't always act perfectly all the time.” Other experts have similar recollections of the Prince’s fiery temper, particularly in his younger years. In his book Battle of the Brothers, Robert Lacey recalled Queen Consort Camilla being taken aback by William’s “ranting and raving” when she wedded then-Prince Charles in 2005.  The author alleged: “[William was] letting rip with no apparent inhibition in his presence. The rows had been earth-shattering by her account, with William doing the shouting and Charles submitting meekly.” But Mr Lacey insisted that in recent years Charles and William have “grown much closer” and are working in tandem to secure a bright future for the Royal Family, a partnership made more significant following the accession of now-King Charles III. Mr Jobson noted the Princess of Wales’ impact on William, saying: “Catherine has a very calming influence on him.” And Ingrid Seward, royal biographer and editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, stressed that Kate and the Middleton family helped temper the “fiery” prince. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks cover to go on dog walk after William attack claim [REVEAL]Inside 'Nott Cott' kitchen where Harry claims William 'attacked him' [INSIGHT]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [ANALYSIS]  Writing for the Telegraph in 2020, Ms Seward quoted a friend of the couple who said: “When William is flying off the handle, it is often Kate who pulls him back. Sometimes William would let the press get to him. Kate would always be the one to say: ‘Let it go.’” Kate and William married 12 years ago, in April 2011, at Westminster Abbey having met as students at the University of St Andrews. The pair now have three children together — nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis. According to Ms Seward, William’s temperament also changed after becoming a father. “Becoming a parent has mellowed him,” she wrote. “William has always had this ability to connect with people. I remember from some of his earliest engagements how much he reminded me of Diana. He’s very natural and not at all fake.” The Prince of Wales has previously admitted that becoming a dad had made him more emotional.  In 2016, he told the BBC that world events and the fear of “not being around to see [his] children grow up” affected him much more since the births of his kids. “I’m a lot more emotional than I used to be, weirdly,” William said. “I never used to get too wound up or worried about things. But now the smallest little things, you well up a little more, you get affected by the sorts of things that happen around the world or whatever a lot more, I think, as a father.” He continued: “You realise how precious life is and it puts it all in perspective. The idea of not being around to see your children grow up and stuff like that.” William at 40 was written by Robert Jobson and published by Ad Lib Publishers Ltd in 2022. You can find it here Battle of the Brothers was written by Robert Lacey and published by William Collins. You can find it here.