It's no secret that LeBron James is integral to the Los Angeles Lakers, but this was really proven on Monday night against Houston Rockets. James checked out of the game shortly before the fourth quarter, and the Lakers imploded without him out on the court. James dropped a season-high 48 points on Monday night, and it's just as well as the Lakers almost threw it away against the Rockets. The 38-year-old was 'exhausted' after going pound-for-pound against the Philadelphia 76ers, but still managed to produce one of the best performances of the season so far. The Lakers took on one of the worst NBA sides this season, and came out with a 140-132 victory. But they almost threw it away, as momentum swung when James briefly checked out during the third quarter. Of course, he's a huge member of their team, but their inability to cope without him will worry head coach Darvin Ham. READ MORE: LeBron James laments 'frustrating as hell' NBA referees after Los Angeles Lakers setback With Anthony Davis proving to be injury prone, the Lakers are used to compromising when big stars are missing. But the same can't be said for James, and he only missed a handful of minutes on Monday. There was just 3:51 left of the third quarter when James checked out, and that seemed like a safe decision as the Lakers led by 14 points. But they crumbled, and somehow only held a four-point advantage over the Rockets as the quarter came to a close. DON'T MISS: The Lakers were 7-17 for points scored once James left the court, but thankfully his reintroduction in the fourth saw them win by eight. The 38-year-old is still carrying the team, but did admit to being 'exhausted' on Monday. "I was extremely exhausted today, extremely tired," James said. "Body was sore from the battle that we had yesterday versus Philly. "I guess once I stepped on the floor for warmups and the crowd fills in, it's my job to go out and play the best way I can." James played 36 minutes in total, off the back of playing against the 76ers the night before. But his 48-point haul saw him close in on Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's all-time scoring record of 38,387 points. James is now on 38,072, and looks on track to break that before the end of the season.