Just days after admitting she was finally ready to move on and attempt to find love again – five years after her breakup from Justin Bieber – the Only Murderers In The Building star joked she's in a “throuple” with Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz as she shared snaps of their recent trip. The 30-year-old singer saw the New Year in with her married pals on a yacht in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. The My Mind & Me star cuddled up to her newlywed friends in a series of celebration snaps posted on her Instagram page. In one photo, the trio snuggled together as they lay on a net over the water onboard their lavish boat. "Fine calls us a throuple #foreverplusone," the Good For You singer joked in her caption. READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, puts on racy display in bejewelled sheer bodysuit Other pictures showed the three pals embracing and laughing as Brooklyn and Nicola swerved festivities with the Beckhams. Nicola and Brooklyn saw in the New Year with a midnight snog as they partied the night away on a beach, with Brooklyn's family nowhere to be seen as they remained in the UK to celebrate. Brooklyn, 23, and Nicola, 27, packed on the PDA and were caught kissing during the fireworks, with Brooklyn cheekily grabbing his wife's bum. The loved-up pair were joined by bestie Selena as they watched the display before enjoying time on the yacht. After spending the festive weekend with the in-laws in America, Brooklyn headed for the getaway with pals ahead of New Year's Eve. It comes as Selena said she is finally ready to move on and attempt to find love again - five years after breaking up with Justin. The 30-year-old actress and singer was in a high profile on-off romance with 28-year-old Canadian pop prince Justin for seven years. But they finally split for good back at the beginning of 2018 - before he swiftly moved on and started dating model Hailey Baldwin and married her by September 2018. DONT MISS:Sharon Stone, 64, wows as ageless star goes braless for ‘wild’ night (PHOTOS)Nadia Sawalha breaks down in tears over husband's 'strained smile' pic (NEWS)Piers Morgan's son hints dad has no idea his Twitter has been hacked (LATEST) Fans have analysed many of Selena’s tracks as they often hint at heartache and romantic strife - with many assuming she has written the tracks about her failed romance with Justin. But the Feel Me singer may soon be penning more upbeat love songs as reports suggest she is ready to get back into the dating game. A source close to Selena told Entertainment Tonight: "Selena is feeling positive and optimistic. She is open to dating.” The update comes six months after a source told the same outlet that Selena had been contemplating dating. The source said at the time: “She is more open to love, but she is also very much focused on herself and her work right now. “She's in a very healthy place. She is feeling fantastic and very mentally, physically and emotionally healthy.” Selena herself hinted at the relief she felt at being over her breakup - saying earlier this year: “Everything was so public. “I felt haunted by a past relationship that no one wanted to let go of. Then I just moved past it, and I wasn't afraid anymore. “I feel like I had to go through the worst possible heartbreak ever and then just forgetting everything at the drop of the hand, it was really confusing."