The Islanders were looking forward to the recoupling after the departure of Haris Namani and Anna-May Robey. However, their excitement was short-lived after bombshells Ellie Spence and Spencer Wilks stormed into the villa, getting to pick who they wanted to couple up with first. Fans of the ITV2 show were left stunned as Ellie decided to pair with Ron Hall, splitting him once again from Lana Jenkins. Being the first to pick, Ellie revealed: "I have decided to couple up with this boy because from what I have seen so far he seems really funny. "He is handsome, I don't think he has met his match yet and I am really looking forward to getting to know him better. "The boy I'd like to couple up with is... Ron," which left Lana and the rest of the girls stunned at her decision. As the girls tried to make her feel better, Tanyel told her: "Look at Ron," but she quickly snapped back: "Not moaning much, come off it." READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Viewers of the show were left fuming over Ellie's decision and took to their Twitter accounts to express their views, @erinparkinsonxx commented: "I feel so sorry for Lana, bless her #LoveIsland." @louloux fumed: "Ffs when are Lana and Ron finally going to be a couple? Gonna lose my s**t #loveisland." @outroniya asked: "Why does nobody want Ron and Lana to share a bed #loveisland." @paraliian noted: "Low-key Lana and Ron being separated in coupling works in their favour because it'll make their fans feel more of a need to root for them #loveisland." Will Anners exclaimed: "They cannot catch a break. This won't probably affect them but bless them, all they wanna do is share a bed."  @AFunmini asked: "Are they forgetting they signed up for Loveisland. No one is safe #loveisland #LoveIslandUK." (sic) DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [WATCH] Speaking to Ron after the recoupling, Ellie claimed his relationship with Lana "seems dead". "I don't want to be a test, you have your head tilted and then be like go back to Lana," she told him. Despite feeling flattered, Ron expressed someone needed to be a "nuclear bomb" to make his head turn as he "really like Lana". Laughing, Ellie admitted: "We will probably both know quite quickly because I am not a slow burner, we just have to feel it out." Before the new couples got into bed that night, Ron made sure to say goodnight to Lana to ensure she was feeling ok. Later in the episode, Ellie decided she wanted to pull Tom Clare for a chat which left Zara Lackenby-Brown fuming. Ellie expressed she felt all the girls were "desperate" to lock down one of the boys and made sure his door was open. Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV.