Prince Harry must be "held to account" in his interview with ITV, a broadcasting source has said. The Duke of Sussex has spoken to ITV's Tom Bradby ahead of the release of his new book titled 'Spare', which will be released on January 10. In a trailer for the interview, Harry is heard discussing his sticking points with the royals and how they treated Meghan Markle while the Sussexes were with the Firm. Harry tells Mr Bradby it "didn't have to be this way", and that he wants "a family, not an institution". He added that he wanted to "get his father back" and to "have his brother back". While the interview has provided Harry with a chance to once again give his side of the story, some feel Mr Bradby should also take the opportunity to quiz the Duke of Sussex. Comparing the ITV interview with Harry's 60 Minutes interview in the US, a broadcasting source told the Sunday Times: "I think the American interview is driven by Random House and where sales will best be boosted. "Whereas in the UK, this will be more about Harry thinking he wants the most straightforward, honest interviewer, and Tom has always played a straight bat. "He has had this relationship with the two princes since they were children and remains very amicable with Harry, and one feels that he knows lots of things that he has never used to his advantage. "There’s a balancing act here: he (Mr Bradby) has to be sympathetic — which comes naturally to Tom — but he also has to hold Harry to account and make sure he asks the difficult questions where ‘recollections may vary’ with other members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Harry's 60 minutes interview may take 'different form' than Oprah "And then there’s the fundamental question of why is Harry doing this? A lot of people, particularly among the older generation, will feel he should stay quiet about his family." Harry has also spoken to CBS' Anderson Cooper in the build-up to his new memoir. In that interview's trailer, Harry is asked: "Can you see a day when you would return as a full-time member of the Royal Family?" The Duke simply replied: "No." Mr Cooper also asks Harry: "One of the criticisms that you have received is that OK fine, you want to move to California and you want to step back from the institutional role, why be so public? You say you tried to do this privately?" Harry replies "And every single time I've tried to do it privately, there has been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [INSIGHT]Royal Family fed-up with Prince Harry's 'constant sniping' [ANALYSIS]Harry's relationship with William 'hangs by thread' over memoir [INSIGHT] "You know the family motto is never complain, never explain but it's just a motto and it doesn't really hold." Mr Cooper also asks: "So there is a lot of complaining and explaining?" Harry then says: "Endless - through leaks. They will feed a conversation to the correspondent and that correspondent will literally be spoonfed and they'll write the story and at the bottom of it, they will say they reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. So when we are being told for the last six years, we can't put a statement out to protect you, but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point where silence is betrayal."