Jenna Ortega’s Wednesday Addams has become a hit with Netflix subscribers across the globe, making Wednesday the most-viewed English-language series in its debut week with the streamer. However, as the series is a product of MGM, which last year was acquired by Amazon in a multi-billion-dollar deal, reports have surfaced in recent weeks that rival streaming service Prime could land season two as its own. However, it’s now been reported that Wednesday season two, if it’s renewed, will still have its home on Netflix. After all, Amazon had already stated that it wouldn’t be making all MGM content exclusive to its own services, according to Deadline. Now, sources have reportedly confirmed Netflix will still have the rights to launch Wednesday season two, if it pleases. According to IndieWire, “a person with knowledge of the situation” said: “The ‘Wednesday’ deal between Netflix and MGM were locked in long before Amazon purchased MGM.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Paula Jones unrecognisable as she dons swimsuit The deal between MGM and Amazon resulted in a $8.5 billion merger, the equivalent of a little over £7 billion. These claims were backed by other publications including IGN. Netflix didn't have an official comment when contacted by Express.co.uk. Wednesday’s future has been surrounded with uncertainty not least because of the Amazon rumours but also the fact Netflix is yet to officially greenlight a second run. Season two does seem inevitable, however, given the rating figures Wednesday returned after dropping on the streamer. Within its first week on Netflix, Wednesday racked up an incredible 341.23 million hours viewed among subscribers. This saw off the previous record holder Stranger Things season four which had accrued 335 million hours. However, this is the record for an English language series as the record for the overall series belongs to the South Korean drama, Squid Game. The dystopian thriller series racked up 571.8 million in its peak week on Netflix. DON'T MISS:Chicago Fire fans fear affair twist as concern grows over Stella Outlander's Caitriona Balfe recalls filming mishap during shootoutNCIS Hawaii's Vanessa Lachey confirms return of fan-favourite star Wednesday’s global success has also led to it dominating the Nielsen US streaming charts across the pond. After its record-breaking first week, Wednesday continued to smash milestones in week two. The series went a second week with over five billion minutes viewed Stateside, a feat only matched by the likes of Stranger Things, Tiger King and Ozark. This meant the first fortnight of Wednesday’s release saw it accrue a staggering 11.3 billion minutes viewed, only topped by the entirety of Stranger Things at 12.3 billion, according to Deadline. Lead star Ortega has already spoken out about her hopes for Wednesday season two, hinting it could turn even darker than its debut run. She told Entertainment Tonight: “I kind of want her to be darker. I want her to get more in the nitty-gritty of things and not play things so safe. "Because there are a lot of lines about her saving the school and doing whatever, but for me, her main drive with the monster is of a competitiveness. Kind of, ‘Man, how’s this guy doing this?’" Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix now.