 Elena Rybakina has discussed her lack of sponsors ahead of her Australian Open final against Aryna Sabalenka. The 23-year-old won Wimbledon last year but is yet to rake in the deals that the likes of 2021 US Open champion Emma Raducanu has, despite following up her surprise run at the All England Club with the chance to win a second Major in the space of seven months. Rybakina surprised many when she won Wimbledon last summer, downing third seed and heavy title-favourite Ons Jabeur in the final. But the world No 25’s achievement was drowned out by chatter over her Russian roots given the All England Club’s ban on players representing the nation, with Rybakina born in Russia but playing for Kazakhstan. The removal of ranking points by the ATP and WTA also hit the Kazakh hard as she was unable to claim the 2,000 a Grand Slam champion would regularly be awarded, with her ranking failing to reflect her ability. And Rybakina’s win also failed to translate into the stardom and sponsorship deals that the likes of Raducanu and Naomi Osaka saw after winning their first Majors as surprise champions with the duo signing on with brands like Dior and Louis Vuitton. The three-time title winner already has the chance to prove she is a worthy star in tennis by winning a second Grand Slam title in less than seven months after advancing to the final of the Australian Open, and has discussed the lack of opportunities that have come after her Wimbledon win. “I mean, I would say that of course I could get more support,” she started, speaking following her quarter-final. JUST IN: Tsitsipas' perfect response to Djokovic snub ahead of Aus Open final   But the 23-year-old wasn’t worried and thought everything would fall into place as she continued: “But I think now at this stage of my career, it's kind of not the beginning but I still think that it's not the peak of my career, and I think that I still have a lot of years in front. I think everything is in the future, and we will just see how it's gonna be.” Rybakina’s court assignments have also caused controversy, with the 22nd seed being relegated to Court 13 for her first match at this year’s Australian Open but, once again, she wasn’t phased. Asked whether the poor scheduling bothered her, the Wimbledon winner responded: “Not really. “As I said before, this time I was focused just to play [one] match at a time and no matter on which court I'm gonna play. I was just really focused and I was trying to do my best on the court. It really didn't matter in that situation.” DON'T MISSDjokovic accuses fans of 'misusing' dad in pro-Putin Aus Open protestAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioningTsitsipas admits to breaking rules 12 months after Aus sting operation Rybakina - who will finally make her long-awaited top 10 debut on Monday regardless of the result in the final - also confessed that her run in Melbourne felt easier than her route to the title in Wimbledon despite facing three fellow Grand Slam champions in her last three matches. “I think because I knew what to expect,” she explained. “Everything was new at Wimbledon. Now I more or less understand what to expect. It's nervous no matter what because it's a final. Also semis, you are always nervous before the match. But this time I think I was focusing more on the match, what I have to do, and maybe not to think what's going to come or what's going to happen around and so on.” 