Legendary BBC Radio 2 DJ Ken Bruce is leaving his post after 31 years, the latest in a stream of high-profile broadcasters to have turned their backs on the BBC. Will you still be listening after he’s gone? Vote in our poll.  One of the station’s longest-serving hosts, Ken Bruce joined the BBC in 1977, first taking up his regular Radio 2 slot in 1984. On Tuesday, the veteran Scottish broadcaster announced on air he would be stepping away from the 9:30 to midday slot in March. “I have been here for quite a long time now, and it possibly is time to move over and let somebody else have a go,” he said, adding that he’d had “a tremendously happy time” but it was “time for a change”. After 45 years of broadcasting for the BBC, Mr Bruce will be joining rival station Greatest Hits Radio to present a brand new mid-morning show on April 3. READ MORE: Ken Bruce quit Radio 2 'over fears he was too old' He joins a growing list of top-shelf talent to have jumped ship from the public broadcaster for commercial in recent years, in what many have deemed a crisis for the BBC. Mr Bruce’s departure follows that of afternoon host Steve Wright, who left after 23 years on the job in September. Former Radio 2 colleague Simon Mayo, who left last March, currently presents the Drivetime slot on Greatest Hits. Chris Evans left the Radio 2 Breakfast Show for Virgin in 2019, the BBC also losing Paul O'Grady, Graham Norton, Emily Maitlis, Jon Sopel and Vanessa Feltz of late. Speaking about his decision to leave Radio 2 on This Morning, Ms Feltz said: “I haven’t spoken to him personally, but I imagine it’s a feeling of some sense of ageism at the BBC. That once you get over a certain age your days are numbered, you’re not valued in a certain way.” Mr Bruce said: “I really must stress that this is entirely my decision. However, some new opportunities have come up and I would like to continue my career in just a slightly different way if that is possible in the next few years.” So what do YOU think? Will BBC Radio 2 still be as popular without him? Will you keep listening? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 