Married at First Sight UK sees complete strangers say "I do" after being set up by a team of experts. Those in charge of their love lives are Paul C Brunson, Mel Schilling and sexologist Charlene Douglas. It will be one year since filming for the 2022 season began and two of its contestants are still loved up, thanks to their help. WARNING This article contains spoilers from MAFS UK.Quantity surveyor Zoe Clifton and eco-store owner Jenna Robinson were instantly attracted to one another as they met for the first time at the end of the aisle. There was clear chemistry as the wedding went off without a hitch, but their main issue soon arose as Zoe found out her new wife was a vegan. As a self-confessed meat lover, this caused a lot of friction between the pair which was shown over many episodes. Fast-forward to 2023 and the couple is still going strong, thanks to the help they received on the show. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Zoe explained to Express.co.uk that each couple had around 45 minutes to an hour with the experts to talk through their issues at the commitment ceremonies. "I think me and Jenna massively benefited", she said. "If we had a disagreement on something, we would stick a pin in it and be like 'let's sort this out with the experts' and bring that to the social and be like 'these are the problems we are facing'. "They do have a lot of involvement and they know you better than yourself, 'you're acting this way because you're this type of personality or because of that' and it's just fascinating." The experts' help didn't stop when the cameras were switched off either. Zoe continued: "I think Paul [C Brunson] had a special place for us, and we still message every now and again. "Still speak to him and Charlene [Douglas] quite a lot so they are actually invested in your relationship, they're not just there for the show. "When you sign up to that, I remember thinking 'they get paid to be here' but they do care." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL]MAFS UK star admits she would have 'swiped' left for girlfriend on app [EXPLAINER]MAFS UK star Thomas Hartley's whereabouts after the show [CAST] Jenna and Zoe are currently participating in the Veganary challenge set by ASDA, with the latter committing to eating its new OMV! and Plant-Based ranges throughout. The supermarket revealed one in 10 Brits wouldn't date a vegan, with almost a third stating it was because they wouldn't be able to cook together. Jenna says she is "grateful" to Zoe for taking on the challenge in a bid to merge both their diets. "It is a big change [for Zoe] and we are really accepting of each other's lifestyles." Jenna continued: "I never expected her to go as far as doing the whole of Veganary but obviously ASDA and its ranges are making it easier to do that. "I just hope it helps our relationship progress and get stronger and we can eat together more!" Zoe Clifton and Jenna Robinson have partnered with Asda this January as Zoe embarks on her Veganuary challenge with Asda's new OMV! and Plant-Based ranges. Married at First Sight UK is available to watch on All4.