At least 16 serving Metropolitan Police officers have been convicted of crimes since the brutal murder of Sarah Everard less than two years ago, the Daily Mail reports. Twelve of those have committed sexual offences or violence against women or girls. Most recently serving officer David Carrick admitted to 49 offences, including 24 counts of rape against 12 women. Following his admission, the force admitted they should have "spotted his pattern of abusive behaviour". But it isn't the first time a serving officer has been found guilty of crimes against women. Couzens is currently serving a life sentence for the abduction, rape and murder of 33-year-old Sarah Everard. The 49-year-old kidnapped Ms Everard as she walked home in Clapham, south London on March 3, 2021. He told the marketing executive he was arresting her on breaches of COVID-19 regulations. Couzens then drove to Ashford in Kent, where Ms Everard's body was found in a woodland stream, just metres from land owned by Couzens, a week later. In another case, serving officer Detective Constable Mark Collins, 58 admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity after being caught in an undercover investigation. He was found to have sent highly sexualised messages to an officer posing as a 13-year-old girl and jailed for two years and four months. READ MORE: Murder investigation launched after man found dead in street Officer Jamie Rayner, 27 was jailed after assaulting his partner, a fellow police officer. He kicked, punched and slammed a door on her stomach before pleading guilty To assault occasioning actual bodily harm and engaging in controlling or coercive behaviour. In December 2021, officers Daniz Jaffer, 47 and Jamie Lewis, 33, were found to have taken and shared photos of two murdered women. Following Carrick's admission, Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said the force was now investigating more than 1,000 sexual and domestic abuse claims, involving 800 officers, as a result of the case. He admitted the force has "let women and girls down" adding that it would lead "some women across London questioning whether they can trust the Met". He said: "We have failed. And I'm sorry. He should not have been a police officer."