Households might notice limescale buildup on their kettle, shower head, taps and kitchen or bathroom tiles. Limescale buildup is typically worse for those who live in a hard water area, which is around 60 percent of the UK. If it builds up over time, it can cause corrosion, blockages and degradation to heating pipes and appliances. It’s important that the issue of limescale buildup is tackled quickly so that it doesn’t cause damage. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have taken to social media to share their best ways of tackling limescale with items that most will have hiding away in their kitchen cabinets. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips Facebook page, one woman shared that she was struggling with the limescale buildup in her bathroom and wasn’t sure on what products are “effective” to tackle the cleaning task. Iris Fig wrote: “Hi, please can you suggest a great limescale remover. An easy to use effective one that I can use regularly please. “My hubby has been doing the cleaning of the bathrooms lately and I didn't realise how much limescale had built up until I put my reading glasses on and had a look today.” Limescale is caused by a buildup of the calcium and magnesium minerals present in hard water. Limescale forms when the minerals (mainly calcium) in hard water bond to surfaces. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with This process happens quicker in high-temperature areas, which is why appliances and areas of the house with a heating element are susceptible to limescale buildup. While there are some branded limescale removers that households can buy in the supermarket, however, it is easier and cheaper to make it yourself at home, according to the cleaning enthusiasts in the comments section. Most recommended using lemons to remove any limescale build up and claimed that it can be “ideal” for most areas. Helen Clarke said: “I used to use Vikal to remove the limescale but I’ve found that using lemons works just as effectively and is so much more cheaper. I use it on a range of surface areas.” DON'T MISS‘Natural home remedies’ that ‘effectively’ get rid of houseplant pests [TIPS]Five ‘common mistakes’ that quickly ‘kill’ orchids - how to avoid [EXPERT]Seven houseplants that remove dust and toxins from the air [INSIGHT] Brenda Collins wrote: “I find lemons to be a great homemade method to remove limescale as the acid dissolves the hard water stains - especially on toilets and taps.” Riley Stone commented: “I soak a piece of kitchen roll in lemon juice and leave it on the area that has limescale overnight. The next morning the buildup has completely disappeared.” Linda Wright said: “I only like to use natural methods to clean in my home and I’ve found that using a lemon is the most effective way to remove limescale as it gets the job done, doesn’t leave behind any nasty residue and makes rooms smell amazing.” Steven Wootton added: “For most of the areas of limescale in my house I use lemons or lemon juice, but I use baking soda for my taps as it is too acidic for them.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ food stains from microwaves with 13p item When using lemon to remove limescale it needs to be left on the area for a long period of time, especially of really stubborn buildup. Lemons can be picked up from all local supermarkets such as Tesco and Aldi for 50p. As these are sold as a pack of four, they work out as 13p per lemon. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended another acidic homemade cleaner to remove limescale from areas of the home - white vinegar. Michelle Ronald said: “If it’s really built up, use white vinegar, then rub dry with a soft cloth.” Josie Turner suggested: “White vinegar is fantastic use with a wet cloth then buff with a dry microfibre cloth.” Just like with using lemons, white vinegar should be left on the surface to remove stubborn limescale. Polly Shearer, kitchen and bathroom expert at Tap Warehouse said: “Depending on how severe the limescale is, you can soak the affected area in the white vinegar mixture for up to 30 minutes before scrubbing it away.” As vinegar is very acidic it is best to use a one to three ratio of white vinegar to water to avoid ruining any surfaces. According to experts at Plumbworld, when it comes to removing limescale, vinegar or lemon “work best” outside of a chemical cleaner.