Lisa Marie Presley died on January 12, 2023. The 54-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest and was rushed to hospital, but her mother, Priscilla Presley, confirmed she had lost her life shortly thereafter. As the daughter of Elvis Presley, Lisa Marie's marriage to Michael Jackson remains one of the most notorious and derided celebrity marriages of modern times, but in 1995 the young couple went on national US television determined to set the record straight. Michael and Lisa Marie married on May 26, 1994. Just over a year later, on June 14, 1996, they gave a major US interview on Prime Time Live with famous TV host Diane Sawyer. A segment of the show focussed on their marriage, and whether it was a publicity stunt and whether or not they had physically consummated it. A fascinating clip was also shown of their wedding in the Dominican Republic. Lisa Marie was asked about the rumours of a “Scientologist plot’, that she had married Michael to bring him and his money into her church. She said: “It’s crap. It’s ridiculous. It’s the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. I'm not going to marry anyone for the reason other than that I have fallen in love with them. They can eat if they want to think anything different." She was then asked what she loves most about her husband. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley Lisa Marie said: "What do I love most about him? Everything. He is amazing. I respect him, I admire him, I’m in love with him. And no, we don’t sleep in separate bedrooms, thank you very much.” Sawyer then put the couple on the spot, declaring that there was one question the fans wanted to ask more than any other. Lisa Marie immediately cut in with: “Do we have sex?” DON'T MISSMichael Jackson tried to DESTROY the Thriller video master tapesMichael Jackson Lisa Marie marriage: 'I never wanted that from him'Lisa Marie made an upsetting discovery after Michael Jackson death On live TV, the couple then had to sit there while they were shonclips from fans asking whether or not the relationship is intimate. Lisa Marie shouted: "Yes, yes, yes!" Clearly frustrated by all the doubts and speculation, she added: "Did we marry out of convenience? Why wouldn’t we have a lot in common?" She was referring to the fact they both experienced extraordinarily unusual childhoods at the highest levels of fame imaginable. Lisa Marie also opened up about their domestic life: "We’re together all the time. How can you fake that 24 hours a day, sleeping with someone, waking up together, having dinner?" Michael added: "It is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.” WATCH THE INTERVIEW BELOW (MARRIAGE QUESTIONS FROM 17.00) Asked whether they will make a record together, Michael was excited by the idea but Lisa Marie wass insistent that she wanted to keep their music separate from their marriage. She said: "That’s not why I married Michael. I don’t need that. That’s ridiculous. I’m not going to marry someone for a recording career, just to clear that up." At the end, they were asked where they want to be in five years. With hindsight, of course, we know that the marriage would quickly fall apart and ended on August 20, 1996. But at the time, Lisa Marie said: "I want people to know what they are dealing with. That we are not (what people say in) the jokes, the degrading comments, all that kind of stuff. It is really irritating."