Held every year in the Alpine resort of Davos in Switzerland, the World Economic Forum's meeting consists of leaders from Government, business, and civil society, who come together to address the state of the world. Princess Beatrice, the daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, attended this year's conference, where she was pictured with Dr Anjhula Mya Singh Bais, human rights activist and Chair of the International Board of Amnesty International.  For the occasion, Princess Beatrice channelled her mother, the Duchess of York, and wore a blazer she also owns, but in a different colour. Called the "Rock Star" Navy Studded Blazer, the garment is by The Extreme Collection and retailed on the designer's website for €597, or £528. It is, however, currently on sale for €418, or £369.75. Beatrice's jacket is navy blue with gold buttons. READ MORE: Princess Charlene is a 'permissive parent' unlike 'authoritarian' Kate It also has a red lining and a large, open collar. Beatrice combined this with a navy blue scarf. Her red hair was styled pin-straight over her shoulders, and she wore minimal make-up. The royal donned dark eyeshadow, black mascara, and nude lipstick. Interestingly, Beatrice's blazer is the same one as her mother's - Sarah owns the exact blazer but in green. DON'T MISS:Daily exercise for a sculpted and defined chin [BEAUTY]Face yoga massage to reduce eye wrinkles and de-puff skin [ROUTINE]One minute exercise to get rid of double chin [HOW TO] In fact, Sarah has many militay-style blazers from Spanish label The Extreme Collection. Royal fans were quick to comment on Beatrice's look, with mixed reviews. Emma Hurley wrote on Instagram: "I like this - on both Bea and Sarah. Great colour on her." Instagram user @mnysmnn said: "She looks super charming, and she rocks this style." READ MORE: Meghan's gesture 'totally goes against what she's saying' says expert Paula Arsan wrote: "She always looks so young and natural." Denise Barros commented: "It's funny that a lot of people want to see redheads in green, but this blue jacket made her eyes pop. It looks so good. Her style is ageing like wine." User@ selma_akf1 said: "She is so fresh and natural." User @mali.grnm.33 wrote: "Beautiful Bea." User @rmsgreeneyedlady said: "That's a cool blazer, pretty photo of Beatrice too." User @chasing__days wrote: "I can't tell if I like it, or if it's a bit pearly queen. The fit is great though." However, Liv Hatcher said: "Please tell us she’s not going to start dressing like her mum." User @limonelemons agreed. They said: "I hope not, Sarah has always managed to get it wrong, she picks things she likes rather than things that actually suit her but I suppose if they make her happy."