Lewis Hamilton has claimed he is not ready to talk about his F1 legacy as he closes in on a new multi-year deal. The seven-time champion has admitted it is “very strange” talking about what his legacy could look like when he walks away from the sport. Instead, Hamilton admitted he was just focussed on making his family proud on and off track. He told a Mercedes AMG Petronas YouTube video: “People have asked me so many times about legacy and stuff. “It’s very strange talking about your legacy and what you want it to look like. Most of the time I’m just focussed on trying to live every day as it comes, trying not to plan too far ahead as the future is not promised. “Always just trying to focus on being the best version of myself and person I can be, Not only for myself, but for my family. Naturally, I want to make my family proud and my parents proud because they worked so hard for me to get where I am.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton opens up on early F1 fear after nightmare 2022 season In the clip, Hamilton was responding to a range of fan messages posted on social media throughout the season. One Twitter user, @Sue99126139 posted: "Always proud of Lewis - he is an amazing advocate for those that have none. His legacy is outstanding and will make a difference for years to come. Champion on and off track - he is an inspiration to us all to do more, do better, be kind, make a change.” Hamilton’s comments come after rumours suggest he could be on the verge of striking a new deal with Mercedes to keep him at the team until 2024 and beyond. The British star’s current contract expires at the end of next season but has insisted he was not putting a limit on an extension. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has even suggested a new contract for Hamilton would be penned ahead of the new season. DON'T MISSChristian Horner in Red Bull design warning after Mercedes drop threat [INSIGHT]Bernie Ecclestone almost paid Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes F1 contract [ANALYSIS]Everything Hamilton has said about the W13 ahead of 2023 car changes [COMMENT] He explained: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline. Lewis is part of the team and the team is part of Lewis. There is no reason to not continue.” However, Hamilton has stoked his own retirement fears this week as he suggested the terms on which he could call it a day. The Mercedes driver suggested it was the “dream” of every athlete to retire as a world champion. Former team-mate Nico Rosberg was the last driver to exit after clinching the crown and Hamilton could follow suit if he picks up his record-breaking eighth championship.