Manchester United have the option to recall Hannibal Mejbri from Birmingham. However, the Red Devils reportedly won’t be doing that - with the Tunisia international poised to see out the season at the Championship side instead. Erik ten Hag could do with some reinforcements on transfer deadline day but, right now, the club seem content with their business in January so far. United saw Christian Eriksen limp out of their 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on Saturday night, with the Denmark international now likely facing a spell on the sidelines as a result. And that development has come at a time where they’re already having to cope without Donny van de Beek, who has been ruled out until the end of the season. United previously made it clear they’re open to recalling loan players should they feel the need, with Hannibal one player spending the campaign out on loan. But Birmingham Live say the Tunisia international is poised to stay in the Championship and the Red Devils have decided against bringing him back. The 20-year-old has made 23 appearances for Birmingham so far, clocking up four assists along the way. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And Birmingham are happy to keep hold of the youngster, who has long been tipped to have a bright future at United in the coming years ahead. The report says Fred is likely to be Ten Hag’s ‘first option’ to step up following the injury to Eriksen. But youngsters Kobbie Mainoo and Zidane Iqbal could get a chance to shine at Old Trafford, too, with the duo training with the first-team. Hannibal isn’t the only player impressing out on loan at the current moment in time. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Ethan Laird has become a regular at Queens Park Rangers as he looks to kick on and realise his true potential. Amad has been a sensational signing for Sunderland, with the Ivory Coast international bagging seven goals in the Championship so far. And Alvaro Fernandez has been enjoying life at Preston, with the Spain international hoping to challenge Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia for a starting spot upon returning at the end of the season. Ten Hag, meanwhile, was coy after Eriksen’s injury against Reading. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished,” said Ten Hag. “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” And he also hailed Casemiro after his double propelled United through to the fifth round of the competition. "Yes. We know he's a great player and that midfield at Real Madrid, with Kroos and Modric, it was great,” he said when asked if the Brazil international had made a bigger impact than expected. “He's capable of that [scoring goals]. We see him as a part of it offensively and he enjoys it as well, when he can come [into] it. “What I like is dynamic football with variations, with many positional switches so we have to make the opponent think so that we can take the benefit of it. “Casemiro is magnificent. In front of the back line, always taking good positions, in and out of position. And he can deal with the ball, he can give the right pass. “So, he can accelerate the game and if necessary, he can score."