Emma Raducanu has signed up for a new tournament as she looks to continue climbing back up the rankings after having the start of her 2023 season derailed by an ankle injury she picked up in Auckland. The world No 77 has entered the inaugural ATX Open in Texas, starting on February 27. Raducanu has added a new tournament to her schedule in Texas following her second-round defeat at the Australian Open. The 20-year-old spent the off-season building on her strength and fitness but was unable to show off the work she put in after turning her ankle during her second match at the ASB Classic in Auckland. She will now be back on the circuit from February 27 at the brand new ATX Open, a WTA 250 event, alongside the likes of fellow former US Open champion Sloane Stephens. “We are thrilled that Emma, the youngest Grand Slam champion in the game today, will be coming to the ATX Open,” Christo Van Rensburg, DropShot Series Tournament Director said. “We look forward to her joining Danielle [Collins], Sloane and Peyton [Stearns] for our inaugural tournament, and are very excited to know that we will be welcoming them to Austin in less than one month.” Raducanu managed to reach the second round of the Australian Open earlier this month despite injuring herself days earlier in Auckland. JUST IN: Djokovic finally learns US Open fate as Indian Wells hopes shattered   The British No 1 found herself on crutches and was unable to practise properly in the build-up to the first Major of the year but was able to defeat Tamara Korpatsch 6-3 6-2 in the opening round before falling to seventh seed Coco Gauff 6-3 7-6(4). Speaking after her defeat, Raducanu was happy to have made it on the court following her latest injury setback. “We just did absolutely everything we can. We had pretty much, like, ten days before the tournament, and day one I was in crutches and doing pool rehab,” she laughed. “To get onto the court from there has been a massive effort, but we've just been doing everything from, yeah, pool rehab to treatment to isometrics to everything, you know, and just taking care of what we could control.” Following the new ATX Open, Raducanu is expected to play the ‘sunshine double’ of WTA 1000 tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami. And the former world No 10 is feeling positive about building back up to the top over the coming months. “I just have to review the body right now,” she said at the Australian Open. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'not as loved as Rafael Nadal' as Toni address 'feud'Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal 'going nowhere' as Serb threatens rivalsMurray pulls out of tournament amid post-Aus Open schedule shake-up “I've had some niggles in the past few months, and I just need to get that sorted, train, and then we'll see after that. But I'm actually just looking forward to putting in the work, and I feel, as I said before, I'm putting in a good system in place, and I'm really buying into and trusting the work that I'm doing with Sebastian and the rest of the team. “So, yeah, I'm feeling good and confident that in six months time I know it's not going to be, like, the finished product, but hopefully I would have made strides.” 