One of the easiest ways for a household to avoid staggering energy bills and keep their central heating running smoothly is to increase their boiler efficiency. Engineers at British Gas claimed: “An inefficient boiler can mean higher energy bills, lukewarm radiators and a heating system that never quite works properly.” To help maximise boiler efficiency, Mark Ronald, Lead Engineer at Hometree, has shared his top tips. This “easy maintenance task” can help improve a boiler’s energy efficiency – and help keep bills low too. During the process of bleeding radiators, air is released from within them, which in turn reduces the pressure in your boiler system. If a radiator isn’t getting hot enough when the central heating is active, or Britons notice cold spots, this may be a sign that the radiators need bleeding. Mark said: “You can easily bleed the radiator yourself with a cloth, bowl, and radiator bleed key (available from any hardware shop or online). You can also try an Allen key if you don’t have a radiator key to hand. “Firstly, make sure your boiler is switched off and the radiators are cold before you get started, as hot water expands and will leave more air in the system. The bleed valve will usually be at the top of the radiator. “Hold your cloth under the valve and insert your key into the square point. Carefully turn anti-clockwise and you will hear a hiss as the air is forced out by the water pressure. Once water starts coming out, you can close the bleed valve.” READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency Once these steps are completed, check the pressure gauge on the boiler, as the process of bleeding radiators can cause the pressure to drop. If this is the case, the engineer said: “You can ‘top up’ the pressure via the filling loop located on your boiler.” Mark warned: “A frozen boiler condensate pipe can prevent your boiler from functioning properly, however you should be able to thaw it yourself easily, if that’s the issue - and without the need for an engineer.” To do this, begin by heating water in the kettle or microwave (make sure the water isn’t boiling as this could crack a frozen pipe). Then transfer the water to a watering can or jug for easy pouring. Slowly pour the water over the frozen section of the condensate pipe and pay attention to any flat surfaces or elbows where ice is more likely to form. DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]5 ‘must-have’ and ‘indestructible’ winter plants for ‘intense colour’ [EXPERT]Four ‘damaging’ oven cleaning mistakes to ‘avoid’ - causes ‘fire risk’ [INSIGHT] The expert advised: “If pouring hot water on your boiler condensate pipe doesn’t work, you could try using a hot water bottle instead. “Leave it on the frozen section for a longer period. When you see water leaving the pipe or hear a trickling sound, you’ll know that the blockage has cleared.” Regular checks and maintenance are “essential” to keep boilers in “good working order” and “maximising their efficiency”, according to Mark. He added: “It’ll also help you stay ahead of the curve when it comes to any potential breakdowns, which you’ll want to avoid particularly during the colder winter months.” READ MORE: ‘Common’ radiator problems that cause ’serious damage’ - how to fix The principle of TRVs is to reduce flow by regulating room temperature to a desired temperature set point. This results in a lower return temperature which, in turn, increases condensing boiler efficiency. Energy experts at Danfoss noted that typically, in a wet heating system with manual radiator valves the boiler will only operate in condensing mode about five percent of the time, compared with 80 percent if TRVs are fitted. Therefore, there is a “significant boost” in operational efficiency in a heating system with TRVs. Mark added: “Thermostatic radiator valves are great for making your central heating system more energy efficient - and can help save money on bills. They’re also pretty cheap to buy. “The valve works by automatically turning your radiators on and off, depending on the maximum temperature you set. When the maximum temperature is reached, the value shuts, stopping the flow of hot water into the radiator, which keeps the temperature constant and reduces the need for your central heating system to continuously pump hot water. If the room cools, the valve expands, allowing the flow of hot water to continue.” As well as following these tips to boost boiler efficiency, Mark also urged households to ensure they get boiler cover to “avoid expensive repair bills”. He explained: “Boiler cover is a form of insurance that protects you if you experience a loss of heating or hot water, caused by an issue with your boiler or wider central heating system. “The recent extreme weather conditions in the UK have served as a stark reminder of just how important and vital a dependable boiler is to ensure a warm and comfortable home during the winter period. “Some homeowners assume that boiler cover isn’t necessary if they have an existing warranty still in date. Yet in reality, a boiler’s manufacturer warranty is only there in case it runs into a fault or breaks down within a certain number of years of being purchased and installed. Also, most warranties come with terms and conditions, for example, your warranty may not cover your boiler breaking down due to an issue found in other areas of your central heating system. “Bearing this in mind, not only could a repair without boiler cover be costly, you’d also need to fund a boiler service as a separate annual cost if you want to ensure it stays in good working order to optimise its efficiency over its 10 to 15 year lifespan.”