Chelsea are ready to launch a fresh swoop for Enzo Fernandez and are even willing to offer Benfica 'a few players' in return for the Argentina midfielder, according to reports in Portugal. The Blues are said to be besotted with the World Cup winner and had made him their top January target prior to the opening of the winter window. But Benfica have dug their heels into the ground over a sale and have made it clear he will only depart if his £105million release clause is triggered. Chelsea do not want to pay that figure and are instead trying to negotiate around that price but so far, Benfica have shown no signs of cracking. Talks between the parties broke down earlier in the month when Benfica boss Roger Schmidt called out the Blues over what he considered to be an unfair approach for Fernandez. According to Portuguese newspaper Record, who were covering fresh comments from Schmidt, Chelsea are prepared to try again for Fernandez. READ MORE: Newcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks It's understood the Blues would even be prepared to offer 'a few players' plus cash in exchange for the ex-River Plate maestro. The identity of those players is not yet known but it had previously been speculated in Portugal that Benfica were offered Hakim Ziyech plus David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos on loan by the Blues. Despite fresh speculation, Benfica boss Schmidt is confident the Primeira Liga outfit will be able to hold onto their superstar midfielder. “I’m confident on Enzo staying with us, yes. I see him very happy, in great condition," the German coach said. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks “I don’t expect that we will lose any of our players who are playing a lot and in the starting XI. I see very focused players and that’s why I expect that he stays.” Real Madrid are also reportedly keen on Fernandez but Chelsea are considered to be the frontrunners for his signature as the Blues prepare to once again up the ante in their pursuit of new recruits. Chelsea's midfielder search has been somewhat frantic since they were initially told to forget about signing the 22-year-old at the start of the year. The Blues have seen a £55m bid knocked back by Brighton for Moises Caciedo with the Seagulls not willing to entertain a sale at this stage of the season. Everton's Amadou Onana has also been of strong interest but the Belgian is said to favour finishing the season at Goodison Park. Graham Potter's side are also said to have joined the race for Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes with Liverpool also keen. Given Jorginho and N'Golo Kante are most likely to depart on free transfers at the end of the season, Chelsea are looking to overhaul their midfield. Chelsea have already spent a whopping £161m on new signings this month but more could yet follow before Tuesday's transfer deadline.