Online marketplace juggernaut, Amazon, has long been offering budding entrepreneurs a space to launch their own businesses. Specialist gin company, Vermacity, is one of many spectacular ventures born from the platform, and Express.co.uk spoke to the founders to find out just how they started after turning over seven figures last year. Meeting aged 17 in their hometown of Southall, London, Kabir Aggarwall and Harks Kohli now aged 33 and 32 respectively, forged a strong friendship, which was soon to turn into a fruitful business partnership. Mr Aggarwall said: “Our lives seemed to follow a similar path when we both went to university in the Midlands and then entered corporate jobs afterwards. I fell into the hospitality industry and progressed to area manager where I managed eight cocktail bars across the UK, while Harks worked his way to being a Service Delivery Manager at a global technology company.” However, he continued: “We both felt like we wanted to do something with our lives which would allow us to have more time, freedom and money – so we started exploring possibilities for a business we could run together.” There were two spirits the pair had always shared – their entrepreneurial spirit and their favourite spirit, gin.  READ MORE: ‘£51,000 in my first week’ - Mum loves her £1m New Year side hustle  Mr Aggarwall said: “We enjoyed exploring different flavours of gin and tonic regularly while living in London and we quickly realised that many people weren’t enjoying this national favourite properly at home. So, we decided to start a business with a simple purpose to spread the enjoyment of gin and focused on how we can enhance the gin experience at home. “In March 2017, we launched our first product, which was the gin balloon glass on Amazon and Vemacity was born. We have grown strength to strength since and have now expanded our products to include a wide range of gifts and accessories for people to enjoy cocktails at home.” When the friends were figuring out how to launch the business, they saw the potential opportunities Amazon were offering, as a largely growing marketplace. Mr Aggarwall said that it offered “a lot of opportunity” for them to put themselves “in front of as many people as possible”.  DON'T MISS: Most profitable side hustles on Etsy for 2023 - earn up to £2,700 [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Pensioners could be eligible for £775 off their energy bills [EXPLAINED]    He continued: “We had researched different business models and appreciated that Amazon could automate many parts of the business, particularly fulfilment and logistics so that we can focus on the products. In the early days, we would both sit in our London flat and watch seminars on how to sell on Amazon while our friends were going out and socialising. “It took time before we had all the processes in place, but we knew we needed to get the foundations right.” Describing the start as “no easy feat”, Mr Aggarwall attributed a large part of the pair’s success to their “mentality and resilience”. He said: “We are both big believers in personal growth and that no problem is too big to overcome. We’ve faced challenges in terms of supply delays, product quality and financing, however, our passion and dedication to launching something that gin lovers would truly love motivated us to push through and it paid off. “Our first sale came in April 2018 which was exciting. By this time, Harks had quit his job to commit to the business full-time, and I resigned from mine soon after as well.”  READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges energy customers to act as ‘crucial’ deadline looms  Mr Aggarwall said that for him, the main advantage of Amazon is that it has “created a marketplace which has won over customer trust and where the best products win”. He said: “Creating noise on the likes of Google can be extremely difficult without the right expertise. As a result, a lot of creators of great products go unnoticed. However, Amazon does a great job of regulating customer-facing functions such as customer reviews, fairly priced products, and well-presented listings. “This aligned with our focus on creating the best products for our customers and we have always tried to stay ahead of the curve with any marketing opportunities Amazon provides. “Is it easy? No, as Amazon challenges the sellers to meet its high standards. However, Amazon also takes care of a lot of key things such as distribution and has created a level playing field which drives sellers to produce the best products to satisfy customers.” From a lifestyle perspective, starting the business has been “life-changing” for the friends. Mr Aggarwall said: “Not only has building our business through Amazon been a massive opportunity for us to share our enjoyment of gin with hundreds and thousands of customers, but it has also given us the freedom to live the lifestyle we had dreamed about. “With Amazon as our main channel bringing in 95 percent of sales and leveraging Amazon’s fulfilment network, it has been possible for a remote team of three spread across London, Metz and Scotland to build our business to turn over the first £1million in 2021. We’re hoping to continue to grow in 2023 way solidifying our EU strategy and also establishing ourselves in the US.”  Mr Aggarwall offered a few words of advice for budding entrepreneurs. He said: “I would say the number one tip for anyone starting a business for the first time is to be as objective as possible. What I mean by that is to stay close to your numbers. “Passion can lead entrepreneurs to make emotional decisions and no matter how much you love your product, you’ve got to ensure the numbers stack up. This is a business after all! “Whatever path you go down, take the time to really delve into what your customers are telling you through painstaking research and build your concept around that. This will position you as the solution to their “problem” or their need.” He added: “Other than that, nose to the grindstone and learn from your setbacks.” 