Everton’s board of directors have been instructed to stay away from Goodison Park when the Toffees host Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon because of a “real and credible threat to their safety and security.” Everton are struggling for form and have dropped into the Premier League relegation zone after winning just three games all season.  On Saturday, Everton confirmed in a statement on their website that their chairman Bill Kenwright, chief executive Denise Barrett-Baxendale, chief finance & strategy officer Grant Ingles and non-executive director Graeme Sharp have all reluctantly accepted the outcome of the safety assessment carried out by security advisors. The board members were told not to attend the match after the club received “malicious and unacceptably threatening correspondence” amid “increasing incidents of anti-social behaviour - including targeted physical aggression - at recent home matches.” A security & safety advisor said: “Following a thorough risk assessment, and in response to tangible threats received by the club and intelligence we have gathered, the club’s board members have been told they must not attend today’s fixture.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    A club spokesperson then added: “This is an unprecedented decision for Everton Football Club - never before has our entire board of directors been ordered not to attend a match on safety grounds. It is a profoundly sad day for Everton and Evertonians.” There has been growing unrest among Everton fans towards the club’s board following their egregious first half of the season. The Toffees have won just one of their last 10 Premier League matches and exited the FA Cup at the hands of Manchester United in the third round earlier this month after already being dumped out of the Carabao Cup in the third round by Bournemouth before Christmas. DON'T MISS Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning Pep Guardiola rules Stones out of derby and makes Solskjaer reference Ten Hag explains if Weghorst will play for Man Utd against Man City   Manager Lampard has struggled to stamp his mark on the team since he took over just under a year ago. The ex-Chelsea boss managed to steer the Toffees away from relegation last season and started the campaign relatively well as his team lost just two of their first eight matches. But they have suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes since losing to Manchester United in October and lost five of their last seven Premier League matches before the break for the World Cup. And since club football returned in December, Everton have suffered home losses to Wolves and Brighton, although they did manage to hold Manchester City to a draw at the Etihad Stadium on New Year’s Eve.  