When looking for their first car back in 2014, millennials wanted reliability, affordable running costs and the ability to take a few bumps and scrapes along the way. Data from the DVLA shows that the most popular cars almost a decade ago were the Ford Fiesta, Ford Focus and Vauxhall. But, a number of other “first cars” could soon disappear from roads, with Gen Z going for other models. The KA is a popular model with all young drivers thanks to its cheap upfront price, insurance and running costs, even when buying a secondhand model. However, on average there are 11,597 fewer Ford KAs on the roads each year since 2014. By 2009, British customers had bought 500,000 of Ford's smallest car since it first went on sale in 1996, with many still for sale on online marketplaces. READ MORE: Thousands of drivers could escape speeding fines through loophole First launched in 1998, the Peugeot 206 is a small, reliable hatchback car and remains the best-selling Peugeot of all time. Unfortunately, people can’t buy a new 206 anymore but there are plenty of secondhand models still on the market. Because of this, their numbers have been dwindling with 8,000 fewer 206s on UK roads every year since 2014. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling [SHOCKING] Another wildly popular Ford model could disappear from UK roads in just a matter of years, with almost 5,000 Mondeos leaving the roads every year. A mainstay among families for over 30 years, there was even one featured at the start of the James Bond film, Casino Royale. Sadly, Ford announced they were going to stop selling new Mondeo models in the UK from 2022 thanks to the rise in popularity of the SUV. READ MORE: Newcastle Clean Air Zone launches today with £50 daily charge The Renault Clio is a perennial first-buy favourite in the UK as it’s cheap to buy and own. It is very easy to drive and its soft suspension makes it very comfortable, and there’s plenty of kit, too However, the number of Clios is plummeting, with 12,165 fewer models on the road each year since 2014. Fiat is often overlooked by those in the market for a first car, in favour of the likes of the Ford Fiesta and Vauxhall Corsa. However, the Punto was a good-looking and affordable option for those who have just passed their test. According to Carmoola, there are 5,386 fewer Fiat Puntos on the roads each year over the last nine years, adding that the car could disappear within three years.