January sales are still underway on Amazon, which makes it the perfect time to finally bag an air fryer on a discount. Research from electrical provider Freemans in 2022 showed that one in five Brits has planned or is planning to buy an air fryer. Popular due to its energy efficient functions and ability to cook food with little to no oil, air fryers are currently one of the most popular home cooking appliances in the UK. If you’re looking for one, Amazon has just slashed prices off the Cosori Air Fryer, which is one of the site’s most popular appliances. Cut from £109.99 to £93.49, the air fryer has 12,000 glowing reviews from shoppers and features multiple functions including nine cooking functions, shake reminders, tempered glass display and more. Plus, it also saves up to 55 percent on energy bills when compared to using an oven, saving you money in the long run. Designed with a sleek matte design, the Cosori air fryer looks great in any kitchen and has a 4.7 litre capacity which makes it suitable for households up to four people. Whether you enjoy chips, roast chicken or baking cupcakes, the air fryer can do it all and its nine preset functions make it even easier for you to cook as all you need to do is just press a button. It has a wide temperature range of up to 230 degrees Celsius, and its non-stick crisper plate allows hot air to completely circulate food for an even cook. Using 85 percent less fat than a frying pan or oven, the Cosori air fryer is constantly praised by shoppers so be sure to buy it on sale now. In addition, there are over 100 recipes in its app so you can always find new dishes. Rose commented: “Almost no heating up time. No wasted energy having to heat an entire oven to cook something that takes up less than half a shelf.” Mark Smith also added: “The controls of the air fryer couldn’t be much easier - nice easy to operate, clear display and intuitive use.” Sandy agreed: “Its very easy to use using the preset and digital buttons, marked clearly and large enough to be easily read, also very elderly friendly.”