Valentine’s Day is the perfect occasion to treat your significant other to a well-deserved pamper. Express.co.uk has rounded up the best spa gifts including days, weekend breaks and more to give to your loved ones. If you want to spoil someone you love for Valentine's Day, then give the gift of quality time and book a spa for them. It's the perfect way to unwind, relax and feel pampered with treatments that include massages, facials and more. This year, there are plenty of special Valentine's Day spa offers including overnight spa breaks, afternoon teas, full days of treatments and more. Whether you're planning a short day visit or want to extend into a weekend away, you can find luxury spa hotels across the UK with swimming pools, saunas and more. While February 14 takes place on a Tuesday, you can still book these treatments for the weekend before or after the day and it makes a lovely gift idea. In addition, you can choose to enjoy a couples treatment or gift a solo spa trip to your loved one. There are also spa experiences that start from just £80 up for two, which is perfect if you want to treat without going over budget. Cards make up one of the most popular Valentine's Day gifts with 52 percent of shoppers gifting their friends and family a card each year. Other popular choices include personalised gifts, chocolates, flowers and more. There is no 'best' gift for Valentine's Day, but if you're looking for more inspiration, here are some of the best Valentine's gifts for her. Spa breaks have also increased in Google searches by 82 percent in January in the UK, showing that it's another popular gift this year.  A spa day is often an experience that includes a relaxing spa treatment like a massage, facial, manicure or scrub. In addition, you'll have access to the spa's facilities which can include swimming pools, hot tubs, gyms and more. Treatment times can range from 25 minutes to 90 minutes and some experiences include a meal like a light lunch or afternoon tea. Arrival is often from 9am - 10am onwards and it's encouraged to arrive early so you can the most of a deal.  It's encouraged for guests to come in loose, comfortable clothing as treatments will often require them to change into a robe. T-shirts, joggers, loungewear are comfortable, lightweight and easy to change in and out. You can also wear trainers or sport shoes but only in dry areas due to hygiene reasons. Spas will often provide slippers for you to wear in treatment rooms and in pool areas.