Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been warned they will not receive an apology from Buckingham Palace after causing a "circus". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Richard Fitzwilliams slammed the Sussexes for their media blitz which he said was likely to cause "nothing but trouble" for the Royal Family. "Over the last month we've had five trailers and two releases of three hour-long episodes on Netflix. One of the trailers was released just in time to spoil the second day of the Prince and Princess of Wales' trip to Boston," Mr Fitzwilliams said. He added: "You've got a form of Sussex orientated circus from a couple who, yes, were deeply unhappy as members of the Royal Family. They felt they weren't protected, they felt they were briefed against and now they want an apology. That is something they are not going to get." The Sussexes have stepped up media appearances ahead of the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare, which will hit bookshelves next week on January 10. Prince Harry has sat down with Tom Bradby and Anderson Cooper for two separate interviews which will be released Sunday - Mr Fitzwilliams said the interviews would be "very very substantive and, perhaps, comprehensive".  He added: "All of this is likely to cause nothing but trouble for the royal family. It's become a bit of a circus and you have to ask: two interviews, plus the book, five trailers and two three-episode Netflix [blocs] - where does it go from here?" However, Meghan and Harry have a deal with Netflix, reportedly worth around $100million. They also owe three more books in their deal with publisher Random House - the couple are likely to continue to produce content in line with their contracts. "When does it stop? When the insatiable appetite for royal news dries up, which seems to be a long way hence," Mr Fitzwilliams said. He added: "It can't, obviously, go on forever. And at some point they'll have to make up their minds about what they really want to do with their future and see the irony of getting so much money from attacking the Royal Family when, in fact, the reason they get so much work is because they're members of it." READ MORE: Harry's 60 minutes interview may take 'different form' than Oprah  In a clip from the 60 minutes interview with journalist Anderson Cooper, Harry makes the allegation that Buckingham Palace "briefed against" the Sussexes and planted stories about Meghan in the media. In a trailer for his ITV interview, Harry opened up about wanting "his father back" and "his brother back". However, Mr Fitzwilliams says that in the near term, this is unlikely. In fact, depending on what comes out in the interviews and Prince Harry's book, the Palace may be forced to respond. "You could find that the Sussexes put something in the book which is absolutely and totally unacceptable," said Mr Fitzwilliams. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [REPORT]Taylor Greene in blistering rant as she slams colleagues over McCarthy [INSIGHT]Gen Z Rep-elect says he will 'couch surf' instead of renting in DC [ANALYSIS]   He added: "Something might have to be said, much as the Queen had to say something after comments about race and Megan's mental health [in the Oprah interview]. "Some recollections may vary. And it's been taken as a little bit of a template, because it's extremely applicable to Harry and Megan." The ITV interview will air on the channel at 9pm on Sunday while the 60 minutes interview will air at midnight GMT on CBS. Although CBS is not available in the UK, it is expected that clips of the sit down will be uploaded to the network's YouTube channel. Prince Harry's memoir Spare will hit bookshelves next week, the publisher has promised it has been written with "raw, unflinching honesty". 