A missing woman sent a haunting last text to her mother before disappearing, begging her: “Please, mama. Come tomorrow.” Ana Walshe, 39, pleaded with mum Milanka Ljubicic on Christmas Day to visit her - then vanished six days later in mysterious circumstances.  Mrs Walshe was reported missing on January 4 after she failed to show up for work at a real estate development firm in Washington DC. It led Ms Ljubicic, who lives in Belgrade, Serbie, to believe her daughter was experiencing “problems” at home. “She just said, ‘Please, mama. Come tomorrow,” the 69-year-old told Fox Digital, adding it “means that, clearly, there must have been some problems”. Ms Ljubicic said that, after she was urged to fly to Washington DC, she suggested coming the following day to allow preparation time. She added: “And now I can’t forgive myself for not just letting things fall where they may, and just go, and whatever happens to me, happens."  Mrs Walshe, also originally from Serbia, tried to call again on December 31 and at 1am on New Year’s Day, her mother said. This was three hours before husband Brian Walshe, 47, says he last saw her - exiting their home in Cohasset, Massachusetts, according to investigators. Mr Walshe, a convicted art fraudster, is in police custody and on Monday pleaded not guilty to misleading investigators during a court hearing.  Prosecutors said blood and a bloody knife were found in the basement of the family home they share with their three sons - who are now in state custody. Assistant District Attorney Lynn Beland told the judge at Quincy District Court, Massachusetts: “Crime services recovered and found blood in the basement area…There was also a knife that was found. On the knife, there was blood.” Police spent hours scouring a waste collection site 50 miles north of Cohasset on Tuesday - and sources told WBZ-TV a hatchet, bloody bin bags, rug, cleaning supplies and a hacksaw were found. In a statement supplied to Express.co.uk on Tuesday, Norfolk District Attorney's office confirmed a "number of items" were recovered from Peabody waste transfer site 15 miles northeast of Boston. "Search activity conducted north of Boston yesterday resulted in a number of items being collected, which will now be subject to processing and testing to determine if they are of evidentiary value to this investigation," the statement said. Investigators in protective suits accompanied with specially-trained sniffer dogs were spotted at the site. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan have to be 'careful' in months ahead, warns Scobie Massachusetts State Police and local police took Mr Walshe into custody after concluding they had "probable cause" to believe he had misled investigators in the search. CNN reported, citing law enforcement sources, that Mr Walshe internet searched "how to dispose of a 115-pound woman's body". His wife is described as 5'2" and 115 pounds in an appeal to find her. She speaks with an Eastern European accent. Mr Walshe told investigators he had visited his mother's house in nearby Swampscott on January 1 but got lost, so it took him 20 to 30 minutes longer than usual. According to prosecutors, Mr Walshe then described visiting a supermarket but no surveillance video shows he went. But prosecutors say that on January 2, surveillance cameras at Home Depot captured him purchased about $450 of supplies. DON'T MISS:US federal judge blocks New Jersey gun restrictions [REPORT]William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [INSIGHT]Prince Harry says people are 'infuriated' he is 'at peace' [ANALYSIS] Court documents allege that in Home Depot, Mr Walshe wore a black surgical mask, blue surgical gloves and paid with cash. Investigators say Mr Walshe told police he only left the house to buy ice cream for his sons on January 2. On Monday, Assistant District Attorney Lynn Beland said Walshe visited the Home Depot store to buy a tarpaulin, mops, tape, bucket and other cleaning supplies. Mrs Walshe's cellphone pinged in the area around the couple's home on January 1 and January 2, prosecutor Beland said. Specialist police with K-9 units searched the wooded area near the Walshes' home on Sunday. Mr Walshe is being held on a $500,000 bail. He has not been accused of her disappearance. 