Bianca Jagger, 77, looked fabulous as ever as she stepped out to attend the Dior show in Paris on Monday during the French capital’s fashion week. Mick Jagger’s ex-wife, born Blanca Pérez-Mora Macías, turned heads as she flaunted a new hair makeover. She wore her staple black locks in a voluminous bob that complemented her youthful facial features. The ever-elegant human rights advocate paired the hairstyle with a classic smokey eye and bold red lip. Bianca accentuated her ageless complexion with a light contour, while highlighting her eyebrows and high cheekbones. She donned an ankle length white coat and a matching co-ord, which she accessorised with trainers in the same colour. The former Studio 54 regular completed the look with a pair of oversized gold drop earrings, black leather gloves and a white Lady Dior handbag. Bianca was married to Rolling Stones singer Mick from 1971 to 1978. The former couple met in 1970 before marrying in a Catholic ceremony in Saint-Tropez, France. They share a daughter together, Jade Sheena Jezebel Jagger, who was born October 21 1971. Despite his marriage to Bianca, Mick once claimed that it was better for musicians to “not be with anybody” because “domesticity is death”. His comments were made back in 1974 but were then republished by rock magazine Uncut in a special on drummer Charlie Watts, who died aged 80 last August. He also added that he differed from stars like the late David Bowie, who “spend a long time at home with their old ladies and families”. Mick and Bianca didn’t have the most conventional marriage, and it has been widely reported that both spouses strayed during their seven-year union. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Helen Worth beams as she's awarded MBE by Prince William [LATEST]Antonio Banderas addresses how heart attack changed his life [ADMISSION]Laura Hamilton explains footwear after questions from puzzled viewers [TV] In 1973, it was revealed that Bianca had an affair with actor Ryan O'Neal, while Mick was constantly surrounded by women and fangirls. She told People in 1977: “In the first years of our marriage, I played the wife. I was docile and subservient…but groupies weren't an easy thing to get used to. “I have had very few affairs. I could never have one without telling Mick.” In 1978 Bianca filed for divorce from Mick on the grounds of adultery, as Mick had been having a long-time affair with model Jerry Hall, with whom he went on to have four children. Mick also reportedly had an affair with then-Playboy model Bebe Buell between 1974 and 1976. The rock star has had eight children in total with five different women and is now a great-grandfather. Mick is currently in a relationship with American ballet dancer Melanie Hamrick. Melanie, 35, gave birth to their son Deveraux on December 8, 2016, when Mick was 73 years old.