Retired tennis pro Margaret Court has explained how she saw her home being burgled after allegedly having awards, medals and jewellery stolen on January 26. Two men have now been arrested in relation to the incident, according to Western Australia police. Court has had a number of items stolen from her home in Perth after two men allegedly entered while she and her husband Barry were understood to be out of the house, and stole a number of items - some of which were later found in nearby bushland and gardens. Western Australia police confirmed the incident after two men were arrested. “Perth detectives have charged two men in relation to an aggravated home burglary,” a spokesperson said. “It will be alleged about 8pm, two men gained access to the premises via the front entrance door. “Once inside, it will be further alleged the accused rummaged through the victim’s property and stole a number of items including awards, medals and jewellery. A number of the items were located in nearby bushland and gardens.” JUST IN: Djokovic shares harrowing details of childhood that influenced career    According to Australia’s 7 News, the two men - aged 33 and 34 - from Edgewater, Western Australia have been charged with one count of aggravated home burglary and one count of stealing, and are set to appear in a Perth court next month. They had been stopped by neighbours including cricketing legend and ex-Australian coach Justin Langer, according to the Daily Mail. And the 80-year-old has now addressed the incident, telling Australia’s 9 News how she watched the events unfold on her home security system while she and her husband were away on holiday. “It's never comfortable, it's not nice,” the 11-time Open Era Grand Slam champion said. DON'T MISSDjokovic's coach was impressed by Serb 20 years ago in first meetingNadal's uncle Toni lauds Djokovic as 'most complete' in nephew snubZverev to face no action from ATP as abuse investigation concludes “I saw them right away on the little screen at the front door, police got right onto it, they were awesome.” The retired tennis pro now says she is “praying” for the burglars after getting all of her possessions back, except for her husband’s passport. “All is good, all is fine, I pray for the young guys, I pray they come to know Christ,” Court - who became a pastor after retiring - continued. 