Prince Harry told the Royal Family to "come clean" in a newly-released interview likely to upset Firm members. The Duke of Sussex demanded the Firm apologise to his wife Meghan Markle and used this sit-down with a journalist to issue a direct message to his royal relatives. Speaking directly to the Royal Family, the Duke said: "Because you know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean and then we could all move on." During his interview with The Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, Harry added that "if people had listened" when he first expressed his concerns, they would not be in this position. He added: "That’s the saddest part about it – it was all so avoidable. But they just couldn’t help themselves." The fifth-in-line also likened to abuse the royals' decision to remain silent in the face of the furore that hit the Sussexes. Speaking to the journalist, with whom the royal forged a close friendship over the years due to their shared interest in championing mental health, Harry said he has enough material to write a second book and that he took out of Spare many episodes happened between him, his father and brother. He said: "There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me. Now you could argue that some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. "But the way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done, and I wish you’d actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I’m delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I’d really like is some accountability. And an apology to my wife." Harry did not share what the Firm should apologise for but added he had tried and failed to get through to his family as he witnessed them making decisions that would reflect badly on them. He added: "It wasn’t that I gave up, but I do feel as if I failed in that instance, trying to bring them with me." In his 416-page memoir titled Spare, the Duke reveals intimate details about his life and launches a number of potentially damaging claims and criticism against his family. READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'trying to save family from themselves' with Spare Prince William, described as "beloved brother and arch-nemesis" by Harry, is accused of being cold to his younger brother while they were both attending Eton. Harry also claims he was in a physical altercation with the Prince of Wales in early 2019, when his brother "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor" after a discussion focused on Meghan escalated. Neither the Prince nor the Princess of Wales managed to create a close relationship with the Duchess of Sussex, Harry also says in his book. The memoir also includes pages on the Duke's childhood and his deep grief following the untimely death of Princess Diana which, for years, he pretended had not happened. Despite his demands for an apology from the royals, Harry still wants to bridge the gap with his brother William, father King Charles and the rest of the Firm, as he has said in multiple other interviews released over the past few days. Speaking with Anderson Cooper for CBS' 60 Minutes, the Duke said the "full scale rupture" in his family he mentions in his memoir Spare can be healed. However, Harry said the "ball is very much in their court", referring to the Firm. He told the US journalist: "Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." After claiming his book is in response to the "daily" briefing he claimed the Firm has issued against his wife and himself over the past years, Harry added: "I really look forward to having that family element back. I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family." Similarly, he told ITV's Tom Bradby: "I love my brother. I love my family. I will always do. Nothing of what I’ve done in this book or otherwise has ever been any intention to harm them or hurt them. You know, the, the truth is something that I need to rely on." Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace have yet released a statement to respond to the claims and criticism made by the Duke of Sussex in his book and interviews.