Prices for long-haul flights are soaring and journeys to California are no exception. However, British tourists might be able to scratch a Yosemite-sized itch with a staycation to the UK’s own Cumbria. Wasdale Valley, one of the Lake District’s wildest spots, is a dead ringer for Yosemite National Park, according to holiday home company Willerby. A spokesperson said: “If the Yosemite National Park is the most beautiful expanse of wilderness in the USA, Wasdale Valley is the UK’s primary contestant for the title. “This region boasts not only the tallest mountain but also the deepest lake in England.” Wasdale Valley is home to Scafell Pike, England’s tallest mountain, and Wastwater, the country’s deepest lake. READ MORE: Foreign Office warns of danegours holiday hotspot Tourists exploring California’s Yosemite National Park will need to take precautions as the park is home to around 500 black bears. Although black bears are naturally scared of humans, they may approach people if they think they have food. Staycationers in the Wasdale Valley won’t need to pack any bear spray as when it comes to animals, cows are probably the region’s biggest danger. Visitors who are planning to scale Scafell Pike shouldn’t attempt it in winter unless they’re experienced mountaineers. Tourists who reach the top in summer will be able to enjoy incredible views and could even see as far as Snowdonia on a clear day. At nearby Wastwater, tourists can hire paddleboards or enjoy a hike around the record-breaking lake. If Scafell Pike is a challenge too far, there are many other more moderate walks on Wasdale Valley’s paths. From Wasdale Head, tourists could enjoy a walk with views of riverbanks, ancient packhorse trails and waterfalls. READ MORE: UK’s ugliest building named - 'they spent all that money!' The National Trust recommends a moderate walk around Greendale Tarn, where tourists can see as far as the Isle of Man on a clear day. Wasdale is one of the Lake District’s key valleys for rearing Herdwick sheep and tourists should be respectful of the area’s farms. The valley has a rich history and is thought to be one of the first places people tried rockclimbing in England. A trip to the Wasdale Head Inn is essential after a day hiking and the pub serves a wide range of real ale and food. Darren Black, chief commercial officer at Willerby, said: “We all have our dream holiday destinations but there is no question that staying closer to home can help to reduce the cost of our holidays, and with the cost of living crisis, that is the main factor the majority of us have to consider. “The UK itself has so many beautiful destinations to explore that will help Brits keep that cost down but it will also have a positive impact on the environment.” The nearest train station to the Wasdale Valley is Seascale, while there are a few car parks for tourists to use. The nearest Sustrans national cycling route is route 72 running along the Cumbrian coast from Kendal to Silloth.