Arsenal have been made aware that Shakhtar Donetsk are demanding around £48.7million (€55m) up front for Mykhaylo Mudryk. Reports claim the Ukrainian side have lowered their demands after the Gunners submitted a new offer. Shakhtar initially quoted Arsenal around £87m (€100m) to sign Mudryk. Club chiefs claimed the 21-year-old was worth a similar amount to the likes of Jack Grealish and Antony. Arsenal unsurprisingly saw their first offer for Mudryk knocked back last week. The initial bid was only worth a total of around £55m. The Premier League leaders have returned with a new and improved offer. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs says the bid, including add-ons, does not reach £62m (€70m). That is still some way off the public valuation of Mudryk by Shakhtar. However, Jacobs says Arsenal are optimistic a deal will get completed for lower than £87m. READ MORE: Newcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens up  He instead claims Shakhtar would now accept just £48.7m up front, not including add-ons. It is unclear what the breakdown of Arsenal's new offer is and what Shakhtar would receive immediately. The structure of the deal is important to whether it can get completed. Chelsea remain interested in Mudryk but Arsenal are still leading the way for his signature. Mudryk has been linked with a move to Arsenal since the summer. Mikel Arteta has prioritised the signing of a winger heading into the winter window. Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka have starred on the flanks for the Gunners this season but have not been afforded a rest in the Premier League due to a lack of options in reserve. Mudryk operates predominantly from the left and saw his stock rise with his performances in the Champions League group stage earlier in the campaign. DON'T MISSWhat Man Utd are 'looking for' after Saudis pull out and £235m contract cut shortArsenal submit new Mudryk bid after £55m snub but Chelsea 'also interested'Ronaldo hands Man Utd parting gift with 'January loan' on the cards  Mudryk has played less than 50 competitive matches for Shakhtar but has done enough to catch the eye of the Premier League's best. His former manager, and current Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi, last week claimed the starlet is a future Ballon d'Or winner. De Zerbi said: "Mudryk is a fantastic player. I like him, because I like all my ex-players. But Brighton can't buy him. "Arsenal, I don't know. I think Mudryk can win the Ballon d'Or in the future. I know the value of Mudryk." Arsenal are also open to signing a striker this window following the knee injury suffered by Gabriel Jesus. Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix is linked with a potential loan move.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here