Wrexham fans could be heard chanting “f*** the Tories!” on the BBC on Sunday, which comes just months after the Welsh club barred their star striker from wearing the slogan on his boots. Paul Mullin was told he could no longer wear the anti-Tory messaging on his footwear, with the club insisting they should be ‘non-political’. But supporters could be heard clearly chanting the words during their historic FA Cup clash with Sheffield United. The chant is sung to the tune of Papa’s Got A Brand New Pigbag. Broadcasters often apologise when viewers can hear chants that might be deemed offensive. However, there did not appear to be any apology made by commentator Jonathan Pearce. It comes just months after Mullin revealed he planned to wear new boots sporting the message: “F*** the Tories”. However, Wrexham released their own statement insisting that the 28-year-old would not be allowed to wear the boots. JUST IN: Tottenham 'submit bid' for Piero Hincapie but have hurdle to overcome After images of the boots were released at their Racecourse Ground stadium in October, Wrexham said: “The club can confirm that the boots revealed by Paul Mullin on social media will not be worn tonight, or in any other Wrexham AFC fixture and that the photographs taken at the Racecourse Ground were done so without our knowledge or approval. "For the record, the pictures wouldn't have been permitted to be taken, had we known, and the issue will be dealt with privately by the club. The club has adopted a neutral position on many matters with a political dimension and intends to continue to do so going forward. “The club also acknowledge that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, whether that be employees or supporters but would also highlight that an individual view cannot be fairly attributed, as the view of everyone or the club itself.” DON'T MISS...Rob McElhenney gives Wrexham stadium update with emotional fan promiseRob McElhenney fumes at ESPN as Wrexham pull off FA Cup upsetCharles laughs with celeb football owners Reynolds and McElhenney National League side Wrexham, who are owned by Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, went on to point out that they are situated in the Conservative seat of Sarah Atherton MP. Reynolds and McElhenney have owned the club since February 2021. They have embarked on a wonderful FA Cup run that pitted them up against Championship outfit Sheffield United in the fourth round, having beaten fellow second-tier side Coventry 4-3 in a third-round thriller. The Robins, who are managed by former Charlton boss Phil Parkinson, are top of the National League and had not lost in their previous 22 matches before they hosted the Blades.