Princess Beatrice appears to be going through a style revolution of late, having stepped out in a series of sophisticated ensembles and elegant outfits to attend recent events. Many royal fans think her style shifted towards more flattering, statement pieces since the birth of her daughter, Sienna. From dramatic silhouettes to striking floral prints, the 34-year-old royal's style has firmly earned her a reputation for being one of the best-dressed royal ladies. There's one element to her effortless dressing, however, that has become synonymous with Beatrice's style - a headband. The royal owns them in several colours and textures to complement her famous auburn hair. Out of all the Royal Family, no one wears a headband quite like Princess Beatrice. There's something about the royal's go-to accessory that elevates every ensemble. READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' Princess Beatrice was a vision of elegance at one of the late Queen Elizabeth II's famous garden parties last summer, stepping out at Buckingham Palace in a ditzy Self-Portrait dress. The mother-of-one elevated her summer ensemble with a striking oversized headband from Camilla Rose Millinery, letting her flowing red hair cascade past her shoulders in voluminous curls. The royal was snapped at the eighth annual Lady Garden Foundation Ladies Lunch in October 2022, accessorising her sophisticated little black dress with an emerald velvet headband from designer brand Jennifer Behr.  The description on the website says: "If you love our best-selling Samaya Headband, meet Rachael, the lush velvet version. "This knotted headband silhouette is incredibly versatile, and never fails to add a sophisticated touch. Bonus: the headband's interior is finished in silk, which keeps hair healthy and hydrated."  Another time, was when Princess Beatrice she joined her family to follow her late grandmother's coffin on a procession through central London. Looking poised and elegant, the royal donned a ruffle-trim number and a statement chunky oversized headband featuring dramatic bow detailing.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £140k engagement ring looks 'vintage' - pictures In addition, the royal opted for a whimsical floral dress as Ascot last year, accessorising with a striking wicker headband topped with Fuschia pink coils. This was the perfect headpiece to accompany the raffia accents in her waist-cinching belt and chic wicker clutch bag.  A beauty in burgundy, Princess Beatrice beguiled in a striking merlot-hued headband embellished with a delicate veil to attend the Thanksgiving Service for the late Prince Philip back in 2022. Princess Beatrice donned a stunning two-tone wrapped headband at her sister Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank. She swept her hair into a half-up, half-down up-do to highlight the statement accessory. The daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson also loves to wear a festive headband at Christmas.  Back in 2019, the royal was pictured walking to St Mary's Magdalene church through the Queen's estate wearing a stunning brown coat by The Fold Finchley. She paired this with Saint Laurent Babies ankle boots and a belt from Zara, and, of course, a green Juliette Botterill headband.