Lexus has been named the most satisfying and reliable car brand of the year, with its Lexus NX being voted the most reliable car, with a near perfect score. Around 6,000 people took part in the Honest John Satisfaction Index, with the result helping car buyers make the most informed decision about their next vehicle purchase. Lexus secured the number one spot for owner satisfaction with an overall score of 92.37 percent. The luxury Japanese automaker was also rated as the UK’s best car brand for reliability, with an average rating of 9.89 out of 10. Dacia was second with a Satisfaction Index rating of 92.16 percent, while Tesla was a fraction behind (92.12 percent) and is the first time the EV specialist has appeared in the Honest John Satisfaction Index. Big-name brands Porsche (90.91 percent) and Jaguar (90.53 percent) complete the top five car brands for owner satisfaction. READ MORE: Slow charging an electric car can be more expensive than petrol The latest version of the Hyundai Tucson is the UK’s best car for owner satisfaction in this year’s index, with a model average of 96.64 percent. Available as a hybrid, plug-in hybrid or pure electric car, it was praised for its performance, ease to drive, and reliability. Worst for owner satisfaction was the Mercedes-Benz GLC Class (2015-2022 model), singled out for its high repair costs and poor fuel economy, receiving an overall rating of 80.98 percent. It was followed by the Toyota RAV4 (2013-2019 model) in second place with 85.07 percent and the Ford Fiesta (2013-2017 model) with 85.62 percent. DON'T MISSCar clocking 'isn’t disappearing any time soon' as drivers warned [WARNING]Drivers urged to use sandwich bag to clear windscreen frost in seconds [HELPFUL]Supermarket petrol and diesel price wars leaving drivers ‘livid’ [SHOCKING] Each year HonestJohn.co.uk invites car owners to rate their vehicles out of 10 in a number of important areas. This includes fuel economy, reliability, practicality and safety, as well as the car’s performance and how comfortable and easy it is to drive. Dan Powell, senior editor at HonestJohn.co.uk, commented: “Lexus consistently performs well in the Honest John Satisfaction Index - it took the top honours in 2017 and 2020. “And now it retakes the number one spot with a fantastic Satisfaction Index Rating of 92.37 percent. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use clever method to defrost windscreen in seconds “Lexus also topped the most reliable car brand category, while the Lexus NX (2014-2021 model) was rated as the UK’s best model for reliability. “Electric cars feature in this year’s Satisfaction Index, with Tesla appearing in the top 10 for the first time. “The Hyundai Kona Electric and Kia e-Niro also get honourable mentions, which shows the latest EVs are just as satisfying as their petrol and diesel counterparts.” “At HonestJohn.co.uk we are proud of our reputation for providing honest and unbiased advice on all aspects of motoring. That’s why each year we ask our readers to share the good, the bad and the ugly side of car ownership.”