Amid the release of the first trailer for Harry's UK interview with Tom Bradby, the 38-year-old has been criticised for his "idiotic" tactic at a potential reconciliation with the Royal Family, in particular his father and brother. In the trailer, Harry said: "I would like to get my father back" and "I would like to have my brother back". In her column piece for the New Zealand Herald, royal commentator and writer Daniela Elser discussed Harry's comments in the trailers for his upcoming interviews. Ms Elser wrote: "It's hard to find the right words here to truly quantify how stupefying, how ridiculous, how downright idiotic the Duke's logic is here." In her column, she added: "Harry wants his family 'back' and the way he is going about that is by pillorying them afresh to a global TV audience? "By giving an interview to US 60 Minutes that was being promoted on Tuesday as explosive?" READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate as Duke 'wanted to be King' She added if anyone could image that King Charles III would "full of regret" want to "reach out for his phone to issue a public apology to his son?", particularly amid how public Harry's claims are. She continued by stating that is there a "solitary soul on the planet" who thinks this is the right way to go about planning a reconciliation between the Duke and his family. Harry's bombshell book is due two days after the two interviews are released on Sunday. The Duke of Sussex's 416-page memoir will hit the shelves on January 10.  The interview that Harry has undertaken are with CBS's 60 Minutes and ITV. Both will air on January 8. Harry's sister-in-law, William's wife, Kate's birthday falls in between the two dates, on January 9. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned they 'will regret' airing family drama [INSIGHT]Prince Harry sparks 'worry' with book publishers [ANALYSIS]William and Kate 'can't ignore' Harry's major 'punch to Royal Family' [VIDEO] Last month saw the release of Harry and Meghan's highly-anticipated docu-series on Netflix. Meghan and Harry signed the multi-million dollaw deal with the streaming service after stepping down from their roles within the Royal Family in 2020. The show was released in two parts. The first three episodes were released on December 8 and the last three on December 15.