Manchester United's hunt for a striker continues throughout the first week of the January transfer window, with Erik ten Hag craving attacking reinforcements. But there has been plenty of movement on the goalkeeper and potential exit fronts today.  Express Sport brings you up to date with all the latest Red Devils transfer news from an eventful Wednesday.   David de Gea is expected to extend his stay at United after entering the final six months of his contract.  According to The Telegraph, De Gea is set to sign a new deal with a reduced salary after Erik ten Hag opted against triggering a one-year extension that would see him earn £375,000 per week until 2024.  The 32-year-old joined under Sir Alex Ferguson in an £18million deal from Atletico Madrid in 2011 and is United's longest-serving star after Phil Jones.  He has publicly stated his desire to end his career at the club, saying: "I hope so. I was saying this is my club, I've been here many, many years, and it's a huge honour to be here, and I'm so happy here.  "Yeah, I'm very relaxed [about the contract], just focused on training, performing as best as I can. But, for sure, it's going to end in a good way." FULL STORY   United have identified Jack Butland as a January target after Newcastle United recalled No 2 goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from his loan at the start of the month, reports claim.  The former England international, 29, is free to talk to clubs about a free transfer when his Crystal Palace contract expires in July.  But Ten Hag has moved quickly to secure his services on a short loan until the end of the season to provide cover for De Gea.  He isn't expected to demand a sizable loan fee and would join Tom Heaton in the goalkeeping department at Old Trafford. FULL STORY   Ten Hag won't allow Harry Maguire and Scott McTominay to leave the club this month, despite a lack of minutes and interest from elsewhere.  According to the Daily Mail, Newcastle maintain their interest in a deal for McTominay after emerging as suitors last year. Meanwhile, Maguire isn't thought to be short of suitors himself after falling down the centre-back pecking order.  But the United boss wants defensive cover for the remainder of the season and will only consider offloading both this summer. FULL STORY   United are reportedly ready to 'push' to sign Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting on a cut-price deal in the January transfer window.  Sky Germany claim the Red Devils continue to pursue the £5.2m-rated (transfermarkt) striker as they search for a quick fix upfront.  And though Bayern Munich have held positive talks with his camp over a new contract at the Allianz Arena, he doesn't want to be a back-up option next season. READ MORE Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here