George Russell has warned the FIA that the increasing weight of Formula One cars is becoming a clear safety risk for drivers, with the Brit insisting that the impact of collisions can be like 'crashing a bus'. Cars have been getting much heavier in recent years, with the minimum weight of last year's challengers set at a whopping 798 kilograms. Many teams struggled to stay within the limits in 2022 thanks to the use of heavier standard parts and new safety installations, while the recent introduction of Pirelli's new 18-inch wheels has also played a major role in bumping up the weight of modern F1 cars. Russell believes that the FIA needs to clamp down on the issue as a matter of priority in order to improve driver safety as a result of the greater impact felt in the cockpit during collisions, with cars having been much lighter than now in previous years."The big one is the weight," Russell told Autosport. "The weight is extraordinary. At the moment, the low-speed performance is not great. We keep making these cars safer and safer, but obviously the heavier you make them when you have an impact it’s like crashing with a bus compared to a Smart car.  "You’re going to have a greater impact if you’re going the same speed with a car that weighs 800kg or over 900kg at the start of a race, compared to one 15 years ago when they were at 650kg, and I’m sure there’s analysis going on about striking that right balance because I don’t know where the line is drawn. JUST IN: Lando Norris' ex-flat-mate shares what it's like bunking with F1 star "If you just keep making it heavier, heavier, heavier, stronger, stronger, stronger, actually you get to a point where you cross over that [line] that too heavy is actually not safer."The FIA have already put plans in place to reduce the weight of cars in 2026, when the next wave of new regulations will be implemented alongside new engine rules that will see the introduction of sustainable fuels. Cars will become lighter and shorter, although FIA chief Nikolas Tombazis recently conceded that the aim of staying relevant to the advancement of road technology will continue to pose a challenge to its goal of further reducing weight. "While a petrolhead would like a V10 and end of story, we know we have to go in the direction we’ve gone, so that counts for about half of the weight increase," Tombazis told The Race. "About 50kg-odd is for safety, so halos, much stronger chassis, bigger protections and so on and so forth. So again, nobody would want to compromise that."Then there’s where the opportunity is, and there’s about 15-20kg because of more complex systems on the cars and there’s about 30-35kg on car dimensions. So cars being much longer and wider, bigger tyres and so on, and we believe in the car dimensions there lies an opportunity."We would want 2026 cars to be quite a lot shorter and probably maybe a bit narrower as well and all of that is going to contain the weight increase. On the other side, there is a battery increase because we are going more electrical which is adding a bit of weight, so the net effect I hope is going to be a bit lighter, but not a massive amount." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.