Prince Harry addresses bullying allegations against Meghan in his book Spare, which was released on Tuesday, and conceded: “More than once a staff member slumped across their desk and wept.” But Harry blames the British press for the tempers in the couple’s office, saying staff were overworked and understaffed and trying to deal with numerous media inquiries.  In the memoir, he states that he and the Duchess produced a 25-page dossier to rebut allegations of bullying after staff complained about Meghan’s behaviour. The complaints became public knowledge after aides came forward days before the couple’s controversial US television interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. An internal email was leaked in which Jason Knauf, the then-Kensington Palace communications secretary, accused Meghan of bullying two PAs out of the Royal Household. In the memoir, Harry wrote: “She was also said to have driven our assistant to quit. In fact, that assistant was asked to resign by Palace HR after we showed them evidence she’d traded on her position with Meg to get freebies. But because we couldn’t speak publicly about the reasons for the assistant’s departure, rumours filled the void.” Buckingham Palace has refused to discuss the outcome of an investigation into the bullying complaints. It comes as the Prince’s book was launched to much fanfare on Tuesday. Harry has done a round of interviews to promote the memoir and was on US television again on Tuesday night, featuring as a guest on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. He was photographed downing shots of tequila during the appearance. Among the many claims in his writing are that there were tensions between the Sussexes and William and Kate, then the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Harry said the rivalry spread to staff and led to “frequent bickering” around the office – and claimed William blamed Meghan for all of it.  He wrote: “Sides were taken. Team Cambridge versus Team Sussex. Rivalry, jealousy, competing agendas. It all poisoned the atmosphere. “It didn’t help that everyone was working around the clock. There were so many demands from the press, such a constant stream of errors that needed clearing up, and we didn’t have nearly enough people or resources. “At best, we were able to address 10 percent of what was out there. Nerves were shattering, people were sniping. “In such a climate there was no such thing as constructive criticism. All feedback was seen as an affront, an insult. “More than once a staff member slumped across their desk and wept. For all this, every bit of it, Willy blamed one person. Meg. He told me so several times and he got cross when I told him he was out of line. He was just repeating the press narrative, spouting fake stories he’d read or been told.” Harry blamed people he said William had brought into the office from Government. He added: “Meg managed to remain calm. Despite what certain people were saying about her, I never heard her speak a bad word about anybody, or to anybody.” His memoir also includes claims that his family briefed against the Sussexes and traded stories to make themselves look better. He details alleged conversations in which he says William too complained that the then-Prince Charles and Camilla were the source of leaks about his family. Harry has insisted he still wants to reconcile with his family despite his wounding allegations.  He has not been in touch with William, King Charles or Queen Consort Camilla for some time. But, in an interview with People magazine in the US on Tuesday, Harry said: “I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family.” He also explained his reasons for writing the memoir, adding: “This book and its truths are in many ways a continuation of my own mental health journey. “It’s a raw account of my life – the good, the bad and everything in between.” The King and his family have so far refused to comment or try to patch things up with the couple behind the scenes. King Charles and the Prince of Wales will be out on public duties on Thursday, and are braced for questions about the rift. The King, who has been at Birkhall on the Balmoral estate with Camilla, will visit the Aboyne and Mid Deeside Community Shed in Aberdeenshire. William and Kate will be out in public in the north of England. The King is expected to go to France at the end of March on his first state visit as monarch, according to officials in Paris on Tuesday. 