While arthritis can develop at any age, the NHS says the joint condition is more likely once a person reaches their 40s. Not only that, people are at higher risk if they have a family history of the disease. The charity Arthritis Foundation said there are four "common warning signs" of the condition. Experiencing pain is one of the "classic" signs of arthritis; the uncomfortable sensation may come and go, at any time. "Pain may be in one part of the body or in many different parts," Arthritis Foundation notes. If you experience pain first thing upon waking, or after sitting at a desk, or being in a car for an extended amount of time, you could have arthritis. "Morning stiffness that lasts longer than an hour is good reason to suspect arthritis," the charity adds. READ MORE: The colour in your poo that is 'early sign' of bowel cancer - seen in 89% of cases Another indication of arthritis is red and swollen skin over a joint, which may feel warm to touch. "Swelling that lasts for three days or longer, or occurs more than three times a month, should prompt a visit to the doctor," the charity recommends. Another thing is that "it shouldn't be hard or painful to get up from your favourite chair". Signs of arthritis If you identify with any four of these warning signs, it would be in your best interest to book a doctor's appointment. "Your experience with these symptoms will help your doctor pin down the type and extent of arthritis," the charity elaborates. "Before visiting the doctor, keep track of your symptoms for a few weeks, noting what is swollen and stiff, when, for how long and what helps ease the symptoms." While the prevention of osteoarthritis, for example, is not possible, if you have the condition, there are things you can do to manage the discomfort. READ MORE: Side effects of popular supplement may include 'aggressive' cancer and ‘brain metastasis' The NHS says: "A good diet and regular exercise will help keep muscles strong and control your weight, which is good for osteoarthritis." Prescribed medication can also help to prevent pain, which is why it's worth letting your doctor know if you suspect arthritis. Support groups are also available, which can be contactable on the Versus Arthritis helpline. You can call the Versus Arthritis helpline on 0800 5200 520, which is open weekdays from 9am to 8pm. If you develop severe osteoarthritis, the condition can interfere with your working life. Financial support is available if you have to stop work or have to work part time because of the condition. You could be entitled to Statutory Sick Pay from your employer, Employment and Support Allowance, or Personal Independence Payment. If you're aged 65 and older, you might be able to receive Attendance Allowance.