Premier League clubs could decide to raid Juventus after the Serie A giants were handed a crippling 15-point deduction by the Italian authorities. The punishment came after Juve were found guilty of false accounting and it could eliminate their chances of qualifying for the Champions League this season. Express Sport picks out the Juve stars who could be tempted by a Premier League switch. Dusan Vlahovic Serbian striker Dusan Vlahovic’s decision to snub Arsenal in favour of Juventus is looking rather silly. A year on from the Gunners’ pursuit of Vlahovic, Mikel Arteta’s side are flying high at the top of the Premier League while Juventus are now 12 points off the Europa Conference League position in Serie A. Arsenal might decide to reignite their interest in the powerful 22-year-old, either in this window or in the summer. Gabriel Jesus, for all his hard work, is not a regular goalscorer and his injuries mean Arsenal could sign another striker. JUST IN: Arsenal star Leandro Trossard dug out as Lallana mentions Chelsea flop Adrien Rabiot Manchester United came close to signing midfielder Adrien Rabiot in the summer. Erik ten Hag had earmarked the Frenchman as a player who could improve his midfield after suffering a dismal start to the Premier League campaign. But Rabiot turned down the £15m move to Old Trafford, saying prior to the World Cup: “It’s true, there were contacts with Premier League clubs but I was lucky to stay, perhaps it was the best decision. The Premier League is the most followed league, but I don’t think about the future.” With his contract expiring at the end of the season, foreign clubs can now discuss a free transfer move for the 27-year-old. Having not ruled out a move to United in the future, Old Trafford could be his destination. DON'T MISS...Sir Alex Ferguson sends classy message ahead of Klopp's milestoneMan Utd could sign Ryan Gravenberch as a Jude Bellingham alternativeTottenham hero admits surprise at signing that Conte 'does not want' Weston McKennie There has scarcely been a transfer window over the last three years in which Weston McKennie has not been linked with a Premier League club. Arsenal and Tottenham are long-term admirers of the American, with the latter of the two north London clubs losing out on the then-Schalke midfielder to Juve in August 2020. Both clubs have since been keen to strike a deal. Spurs have used the Juventus links of Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici to seal a transfer, but to no avail just yet. Manuel Locatelli There was plenty of Premier League interest in defensive midfielder Manuel Locatelli following his fine Euro 2020 performances. However, he chose to join Juve from Serie A rivals Sassuolo. Technically still midway through a two-year loan at Juve, Locatelli will officially become the Old Lady’s player in the summer as they have an obligation to buy. But he could complete a quick departure if the likes of Arsenal or Man Utd make an offer. Federico Chiesa Another star of Italy’s Euro 2020-winning campaign, Federico Chiesa has only recently returned from a 10-month absence after rupturing his ACL last January. The direct winger had spent two years on loan at the Turin outfit before making the deal permanent last summer. The 25-year-old would be an excellent signing for a top-six club needing a new winger. Spurs would surely be ahead of the queue should Chiesa be made available. Filip Kostic Spurs also wanted former Eintracht Frankfurt hero Filip Kostic in the summer, but the Europa League winner decided to move to Juve. Conte seemingly remains keen to strengthen in both wing-back positions, and might request that the Kostic interest is revisited. Gleison Bremer Spurs and Chelsea were both linked with Brazilian defender Gleison Bremer in the summer. However, he chose to join Juve from Torino. The 25-year-old could now be open to a move to England following Juve’s strong punishment.