Seaking in an interview with Anderson Cooper on CBS' 60 Minutes, the Duke of Sussex explained how he and his brother Prince William had begged their father, King Charles, not to marry Camilla. He said of Camilla: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image." In his memoir, Spare, Harry wrote: "'We support you,' we said, 'We endorse Camilla,' we said. 'Just please don't marry her, just be together, Pa'. He didn’t answer." Although the public now knows Harry's truth when it comes to his mother-in-law, a body language expert claimed that the Duke has always seemed to be polite to Camilla. Judi James told Express.co.uk: "There’s always been an air of politeness about Harry’s body language with Camilla. "But never the kind of signals of any deeper affection that we did actually get to glimpse between Camilla and Meghan, who were seen performing some warm, prolonged hand-clasping during their greeting rituals in public." Judi continued: "Given Harry’s profound loyalty to his mother and her memory, this decision of polite attentiveness should suggest some very strong bonds of affection for his father, too. "Harry is clearly a man who will go to war with his family in public if necessary, but he must have decided to take a polite approach to Camilla when it would have been easy to send out some subtle body language signals to suggest he was quietly keeping his distance." The body language compared Harry to his mother in this sense, saying: "Diana was always very adept at the subtler silent signals, and Harry has shown he inherited some of that skill." "Harry seemed to go through the motions though, with some signals of a more tentative approach when he was younger, when a hand barrier - with his hands clasped in front of his torso - acted as some kind of a buffer," Judi added. DON'T MISS:Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE] As for Camilla's body language, "it is always rather awkward in public so he [Harry] had no ‘leading’ gestures from her to respond to that might have demanded a warmer response". Judi continued: "The politeness seems to have endured, and if it was a veneer it was a pretty solid one, illustrating Harry’s desire to be okay with the woman who clearly made his father happy." Focusing on a photo of Harry and Camilla alongside Kate, the then Duchess of Cambridge, a few years ago, Judi said: "The laughing pose with Kate looks as though it hints of some fun and warmth, though Harry is in fact leaning across Camilla to joke with Kate, which could have appeared excluding unless he was scanning Camilla in with his eyes too." The body language expert concluded: "Both brothers did manage to display some very polite signals with Camilla in public and both were capable of looking attentive and respectful. "But without any of the warmer and more intimate tie-signs that would suggest a deeper relationship behind closed doors." In the CBS interview, Harry proceeded to claim that Camilla was "dangerous". He told journalist Anderson Cooper: "The need for her to rehabilitate her image… that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." However, in another interview, with ITV's Tom Bradby, Harry denied that he had been "scathing" about the Queen Consort. Mr Bradby had told Harry he was "pretty consistently scathing" towards Camilla, before he was cut off. Harry said: "Scathing?… What, scathing towards?" The presenter responded: "Well, as in you say that, 'your interests were sacrificed on her PR altar', to quote, and you seem to be specifically referencing that. Now her people might say, well, it's not a crime to go to lunch with journalists." Harry then replied: "Well, I think in the book it is very clear what happened."