Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has questioned the talents of his players after watching his side lose 2-0 at home to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon. And the Italian conceded that his team might not even finish in the top four this season. Second half goals from Emiliano Buendia and Douglas Luiz ensured Villa returned to the west Midlands with all three points after a lacklustre performance from the hosts.  “We have different characteristics,” Conte said after the match. “We don't have many players who are really good to beat the man. We don't have many creative players in our team. For sure today was really difficult to find space in the first half. “I want to be honest, I want to be very clear. I have said this to the club, I have said my opinions. The fans deserve the best. Maybe to stay in 5th is the best. Maybe 6th, 7th, 5th or 4th is the best.” Tottenham produced an egregious performance in the capital and were second best throughout the encounter as Villa continued their upward momentum under Unai Emery. Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal 'to hijack' Chelsea deal, Mudryk warning   After a goalless first half, Villa went ahead after Spurs’ World Cup winner Hugo Lloris spilled a long-range effort from Luiz five minutes into the second period. Ollie Watkins squared the rebound to Emiliano Buendia, who lashed the ball into the back of the net. Spurs had little in way of a response and saw their hopes of a comeback ended with 17 minutes remaining as Luiz chipped the ball past Lloris after starting and finishing the same move. “In the first half we played with good intensity,” Conte added. “We didn't concede anything and we found a team that defended too deep and then we conceded this goal and then the confidence dropped for my players. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'take first steps' to re-sign Edwards as Mendes steps inNewcastle 'ready to splurge' on Tottenham and Arsenal target ZanioloInter's message to Tottenham about deal for Chelsea target Dumfries  “We have to know that our life is this. We have to fight every game for one point or for three points. This is the truth, especially when you are without two or three important players and have difficulties. "I'm sure that if we don't concede the goal, we could win the game instead. The goal that we conceded killed us in confidence and in many situations for sure. You have to try and improve and develop these players and especially young players to be even stronger.” Tottenham enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League season but have now fallen out of the top four after winning just two of their last seven matches. On Boxing Day they drew 2-2 to Brentford after falling two goals behind. And since mid-October they have also suffered defeats to Manchester United, Newcastle and Liverpool. 