Hundreds of thousands of members of the National Education Union will walk out over seven days in February and March to escalate their pay row. As many as 23,400 schools could be affected by the decision. Gillian Keegan admitted there are no guarantees that in-person learning will go ahead during the days teachers go on strike. Branding the walkouts “deeply disappointing for children and parents” the Education Secretary added: “Talks with union leaders are ongoing and any strike action from one union will have a damaging impact on pupils’ education and wellbeing, particularly following the disruption experienced over the past two years.” Independent Children’s Commissioner Rachel de Souza said strikes will “add to the challenges already faced by so many pupils who are catching up on lost learning”. Headteachers are expected by ministers to “take all reasonable steps to keep the school open for as many pupils as possible” on strike days. But their decision will be based on how many staff absences there are and whether it will be possible to carry on. They might be able to keep some children in class with reduced staffing, or feel they are left with no choice but to close up altogether. Paul Whiteman, general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT), said schools will have “no choice” but to close their doors to pupils during strikes. He said schools could have to shut during walkouts by teachers in England and Wales if “staffing numbers are dangerously low”. Nine out of 10 teacher members of the NEU who voted in the ballot backed strike action, and the union passed the 50 percent ballot turnout required by law.  Ms Keegan is due to meet teaching union leaders on Wednesday in a bid to avert the strikes. Downing Street has warned that widespread strikes planned by teachers, train drivers and civil servants on February 1 could likely cause “significant disruption” to the public. Mr Whiteman said: “A school leader’s first priority is always the safety of the pupils in their school. “So if staffing numbers are dangerously low, it may be that leaders have no choice but to be compelled to close schools on safety grounds.” Updated guidance from the Department for Education (DfE) suggests that agency staff and volunteers could be used to cover classes on strike days, with schools expected to remain open where possible, although remote learning is also an option and the most vulnerable pupils are to be given priority. But Mr Whiteman added: “Frankly the guidance provided to headteachers by the DfE  is at best naive. It is based on local disruption rather than the national walkouts planned by the NEU.” He added that it was “unlikely” that headteachers will “easily gain the cooperation of teams that are so frustrated with how they are treated by Government and are party to the same dispute as their NEU colleagues.” School leaders in Wales are also set to take industrial action over pay, but headteachers in England will not stage strikes after an NAHT ballot turnout failed to meet the legal threshold.  But the NAHT is considering re-running its ballot in England due to concern that the democratic process had been compromised amid postal disruption. Ms Keegan has admitted that she cannot guarantee that schools will remain open, but she told ITV’s Good Morning Britain that she would work with heads “to make sure as many schools are open for as many children as possible”. She told LBC on Tuesday that introducing minimum service levels in schools would protect “vulnerable children”, but she hoped that the Government’s anti-strike legislation would not be needed for teachers. Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL), said: “School leaders have huge sympathy with their classroom teacher colleagues and are just as frustrated that the Government has failed to address this appalling situation. “They will be focused on maintaining good industrial relations through the difficult period ahead and will manage strike action accordingly.” He added: “The use of agency staff to cover for staff who are on strike is a difficult issue as it may sour industrial relations. Our advice to school leaders is to discuss options with union colleagues and reach an agreement over the course of action to be taken.” Mary Bousted, joint general secretary of the NEU, said: “No teacher or support staff member wants to be taking strike action but if there is no significant and meaningful negotiation occurring it will be the only option left. “All of this can be avoided but only if Gillian Keegan stops burying her head in the sand and faces up to the consequences of decades of underinvestment in education and the underpaying of teachers and support staff.” 