Cristiano Ronaldo still has one over on Lionel Messi despite the PSG star’s World Cup win with the 37-year-old the proud holder of the Golden Foot trophy, something the Argentinian is yet to lift. The two football legends could soon face off again in Saudi Arabia with a friendly between a Saudi Pro League XI and PSG. The Golden Foot is an international award given to players for their athletic achievements and their personality over the course of the year. It was first handed out in 2003 with the winner leaving a permanent mould of their feet on ‘The Champions Promenade’ on the seafront in Monaco. The trophy has set criteria and can only be given to those who are at least 28 years old and still playing football. Ten nominees are chosen by a panel of international journalists before the shortlist goes to a public vote with each player only able to pick up the trophy once. Ronaldo picked up the award in 2020 in recognition of his performances over the course of the Coronavirus hit year. The current holder is Barcelona striker Robert Lewandowski with Luka Modric, Andres Iniesta and Zlatan Ibrahimovic all receiving the honour in the past.  However, surprisingly Messi has never picked up the award despite his sensational on-field performances. The forward has won the Ballon d’Or three times since turning 28 but has not seen this reflected with the Golden Foot. After winning the World Cup for the first time last month it is one of very few accolades that he has not been able to claim. It is one of the few trophies that Ronaldo has that the Argentinian does not, giving the Portugal captain something to brag about the next time the pair meet. This may not be far away with speculation rife that PSG could soon play a Saudi Arabian Pro League XI in a friendly this month. DON'T MISSLiverpool shown what they're missing in Wolves draw as Darwin Nunez answers criticsMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced' The match is set to take place on January 19 with the Saudi XI made up of players from Ronaldo’s side Al-Nassr and Al-Hilal with the 37-year-old a near certainty to be included. It will be the first time since December 2020. In the meantime, the debate will continue to rage on over who is the best of all-time despite many now feeling Messi has now ended all doubt with his World Cup win and Ronaldo’s move to the Middle East. However, fans of the former Manchester United star may still point to the Golden Foot award as they continue to back their man.