Unexpectedly upbeat economic data released today has scuppered the “gloomy consensus” that the UK is in the midst of a devastating recession, an economist has said. However, Julian Jessop, a Fellow at the Institute of Economic Affairs also said the future remains uncertain - and stressed that Britain should be doing markedly better than it is. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) recorded an increase of 0.1 percent in November - the most recent figures available - as the services sector remained in growth despite the soaring cost of living. Experts at the ONS said the slight rise was supported by the technology sector and a strong showing by pubs and bars amid a boost from the winter World Cup in Qatar. It nonetheless represents a slowdown in growth after GDP increased by 0.5 per cent in October. Mr Jessop, in an op-ed written for the Daily Express, said: “The gloomy consensus that the UK is now in the worst recession of any major economy has already started to unravel. “It is hard to get too excited about the growth of just 0.1 percent in November. But on top of the 0.5 percent rebound in October, this means that the UK probably avoided a second successive quarter of falling output in the final three months of 2022.” He continued: “We may not therefore be in a ‘recession’ of any kind. “This is uncertain. The ongoing strikes will have started to hit activity in December, so output might still have fallen by enough to prove the doom-mongers right.” Nevertheless Mr Jessop stressed that there were other reasons to be positive. He explained: “Inflation should tumble this year as global energy and food prices fall back. “The Bank of England will not need to raise interest rates much further – if at all. “The latest surveys of consumer and business confidence are also reassuring, and the jobs market is holding up well.” READ MORE: Queen's ex-press secretary demands apology for claim in Harry's book Nevertheless, the UK’s economy should be performing a great deal better than it was, Mr Jessop pointed out. He warned: “The economy is still smaller and employment still lower than before the pandemic, so there is plenty of room to grow faster. “An awful lot more therefore still needs to be done to reboot the economy. “This should include a coherent package of measures to make work pay and to boost productivity, which is the key to long-term economic growth and higher wages. “We also have to talk about tax. Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng went too far, too quickly. Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt deserve credit for calming the financial markets. DON'T MISSAnti-strike laws opposed by majority of public in major blow for Sunak [REVEAL]MPs blast 'meaningless' new pact with EU as Brexit deal wreaks havoc [REACTION]Scottish Parliament suspended as 'Sturgeon out' protest sparks chaos [REPORT] “But it is surely no coincidence that the better data for November coincided with the reversal of the 1.25 percent hikes in National Insurance for both employees and employers.” Speaking earlier, ONS director of economic statistics Darren Morgan said: "The economy grew a little in November, with increases in telecommunications and computer programming helping to push the economy forward. "Pubs and bars also did well as people went out to watch World Cup games. He added: "This was partially offset by further falls in some manufacturing industries, including the often-erratic pharmaceutical industry, as well as falls in transport and postal, partially due to the impact of strikes. "Over the last three months, however, the economy still shrank - mainly due to the impact of the extra bank holiday for the funeral of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth in September."