Novak Djokovic’s ‘perfect’ environment makes him the overwhelming favourite to claim a dominant tenth Australian Open crown, Mats Wilander claims. A year on from the visa saga that gripped the sporting world, Djokovic has returned Down Under and is aiming to equal defending champion Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 Grand Slam titles with another victory at Melbourne Park. The unvaccinated Serbian legend was at the centre of a global media storm 12 months ago as he was deported from Australia on the eve of the tournament and handed an initial three-year ban from the country amid strict Covid laws. But the world No 5 had his ban lifted in November and is the man to beat at his most successful Grand Slam this month, despite missing the event and the US Open last year. Great rival Nadal is one of the contenders who could stop Djokovic making it a perfect 10 in Australia after his memorable victory on his last visit to Melbourne Park. But the Spanish veteran has been managing an abdominal injury and chronic foot problems that derailed the end of his 2022 season. And Nadal is unfancied to defend his title this month after his year began with defeats to Cameron Norrie and Alex de Minaur at the inaugural United Cup. JUST IN: Boris Becker lands new job weeks after prison release with Australian Open role  While Nadal’s fitness is an obvious worry, Djokovic looks in prime physical condition and former world No 1 Wilander believes he is poised to thrive on the Melbourne hard court once again. “I don't think that we have ever seen a more hungry tennis player in terms of wanting to get revenge or wanting to win matches,” Wilander told Eurosport. “I don't think anyone has ever been hungrier than Novak is going to be. "I think that a lot of people maybe thought that decision [being deported] was right at the time because you can't make a privilege out of being Novak Djokovic. I think this year, he's going to be very welcome and it's going to be an amazing situation. DON'T MISS:Andy Murray's 2023 starts with disappointment as Brit loses to Sebastian Korda in AdelaideRafael Nadal's doctor gives Australian Open fitness update after worst start to seasonEmma Raducanu reviews work with ex-Andy Murray coach in honest fitness admission  "I think Novak is the number one favourite for many, many reasons. I mean, obviously, one reason is that he's won the Australian Open nine times. The surface is perfect for him." Some players typically arrive in Melbourne undercooked for the first Grand Slam of the year, but Wilander anticipates a fully-prepared Djokovic to have the edge on his rivals at a venue where he has consistently played his best tennis. "The Australian Open has a history of having players winning it multiple times that are very consistent all the time - and I'm speaking from my own experience as I won there three times,” he added. "When you play the way Novak plays, he doesn't have ups and downs. Everybody is not 100% ready in Australia. Some are very ready, some are not ready, and he is always somewhat ready. Somewhat ready for him means he's the favourite. The surface is perfect."