The BBC Breakfast presenter aimed a swipe at Carol Kirkwood as she introduced the meteorologist to update viewers on the latest forecasts. Carol initially didn't respond to Naga Munchetty's remark but went on to brand her co-star "cheeky" before getting on with her report.  As BBC technology editor Zoe Kleinman reported from Las Vegas to explain the latest goings-on in the tech world, she showcased some bizarre creations she'd been able to try. One included Meta's top-of-the-range virtual reality headset. As the segment ended, Naga described Zoe as being in "all sorts of states" during the report. "Yeah, there's all sorts of weird and wonderful stuff that comes out of that show in Las Vegas," co-star Ben Thompson agreed. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession He continued: "We'll get all the updates as they emerge." Naga took the opportunity to throw a tongue-in-cheek dig at Carol before introducing her next weather report. "Talking of weird and wonderful...," Naga stated before turning towards Carol, who was poised to deliver the forecast via video. Carol smiled as Ben and Naga chuckled over the dig.  Pointing towards Carol, Naga laughed: "I saw you smile, Carol!" She then wished her co-star a "good morning," before Carol responded: "Good morning, you cheeky thing!" The 60-year-old swiftly moved on to announce what can be expected from today's weather. Concluding the update, she remarked: "It does remain unsettled. Ben and Naga, back to you." DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden and Alan Carr face rat-infested home in new series [EXCLUSIVE]Sherlock creator hints at BBC series return [LATEST]Claude Littner missing from The Apprentice after first episode [EXCLUSIVE] "Temperatures I don't mind, the rain... not really liking that so much, Carol," Ben chimed. He continued: "It really is a mixed bag though, isn't it? Thank you though." Nodding, Carol agreed: "Yes, it is, and pleasure," before the hosts returned to presenting. Earlier this week, Carol acknowledged her staple role on the show as she reflected on beginning her career on BBC Breakfast.  As the hosts looked back at 40 years on the morning show, Carol was asked to share some memories. "Good morning, Carol," Sally Nugent greeted her colleague during Wednesday's programme. "You actually started with Breakfast many, many years ago - before we even saw you on our screens." "That's right," the weather reporter replied. "I started in the summer that Breakfast Time started, as it used to be called, as the production secretary.  "And you know, just watching the opening titles there, my heart is beating so fast because one of my tasks was operating autocue. "And that was so scary - it was a dial and you had to try and keep up with the presenters who were talking. "Some of them, their eyesight wasn't so good, so their words were taking up a lot of the lines. "You're moving quickly and some of them would just go off-piste completely!" BBC Breakfast airs on weekdays from 6am on BBC One.