Conor Benn released a video of him and his father Nigel relishing Chris Eubank Jr's knockout loss to Liam Smith earlier tonight. Eubank Jr was stopped for the first time in his professional career and Benn couldn't contain his excitement. Uploading the clip to his Instagram story, Benn said with a big grin on his face: "What are you saying dad? Wouldn't have gone past two would it," as the camera panned over to his father who jeered at the Brighton boxer. The video, which has made the rounds online, hasn't been received well by boxing fans. "Gloating on other peoples woes when on the side lines for cheating. Classy guy," tweeted @TerryO_Z. "Embarassing from @ConorNigel, gloating like this while your last fight was called off for you failing two drug tests," wrote @TheBlueDodger. Before @BoxingShrew added: "He’s really not helping himself is he." Benn and Eubank Jr were set to box each other in October, however, the fight was cancelled after Benn failed two pre-fight drugs tests.  The 26-year-old has maintained his innocence throughout and recently submitted a 270-page document to the World Boxing Council (WBC) to clear his name. An official investigation is currently ongoing into Benn's case with a final decision said to be imminent. Benn's promoter, Eddie Hearn, claims that his fighter will return to the ring in the late spring with Eubank Jr touted as his next opponent. However, Eubank Jr, believes that Benn has lost his leeway over the contractual situation and states that he will only box his fierce rival on his own terms now. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury watches on in delight as Parker outpoints Massey on Eubank card Fury renews interest in blockbuster 'cage match' with Ngannou Paul advised to 'swerve' Fury despite being considered 'big favourite'  “Yeah, the fight is twice as big,” Eubank told The Guardian’s Donald McRae. “We would need a stadium with 60,000 instead of the O2. Does he deserve that kind of payday after being caught with illegal substances? Probably not. But it doesn’t mean I’m going to give up that payday. “And, now, it’s personal. It’s not just about upholding the family legacy. I now actually don’t like this kid. He’s done wrong by me. So, he’s lost all his privileges and bartering power. There are no weight clauses now. There are no rehydration limits. There are no 50% splits. Everything’s in my court now. I’m the only fight people want to see him in.” Eubank Jr vs Benn will likely be held up by this evening's events though with Next Gen expected to activate the rematch clause in his contract with Smith.   