Far fewer people are dying in natural disasters. Even the much-battered environment has had good news, with African deserts becoming greener and low-lying Pacific islands growing not sinking. There is hope, too, in the worlds of politics and economics. If public sector pay deals can be kept low, many economists predict inflation, having peaked, could be down to 4 percent by the end of this year. Though we may already be in a recession, it will be shallower than previous ones. The UK may see a 2 percent drop in GDP, but this is way smaller than the recessions following an economic meltdown in 2008 and in 2020, when Covid lockdowns saw it fall 22 percent. Even rises in interest rates can have positives, as zombie companies existing on close to zero rates will no longer be viable, clearing the market for more vigorous businesses. A correction in the overinflated property market will help frustrated younger generations get on the housing ladder. For many, a shallow recession is an opportunity for investment. The biggest problem facing us is over-zealous politicians who intervene to fight one battle yet create worse problems for us all. We saw it in the response to Covid, as ruinous lockdowns triggered inflation and contributed to higher than normal excess deaths – a thousand more a week since May. In a similar way, the net zero policy introduced to fend off climate change is already causing sky-high energy costs, while ignoring the wealth of carbon energy beneath our feet. As with lockdowns, this cure may be worse than the disease. “Any attempt to save the planet by making the masses poorer can only fail,” says Berenberg Bank economist Kallum Pickering. “The harsh reality is that years of throttling our own energy industries, by not allowing fracking in the UK or Germany’s overreliance on Russia, [has] left us needlessly vulnerable Especially as a few brave scientists are now daring to challenge the climate change consensus of imminent doom. Claiming there are flaws in climate change models, professor of atmospheric science Dr John Christy does not see rising CO2 as a problem. “Carbon dioxide makes things grow,” he says. “The world used to have five times as much carbon dioxide as it does now. Plants love this stuff. It creates more food. CO2 is not the problem.” Danish scientists recently discovered that Greenland two million years ago was 10 to 17 degrees warmer than today and home to lush ecosystems. Today, the once harsh Sahel landscape south of the Sahara – home to killer droughts and famines – is greening thanks in part to global warming. Satellite images reveal more vegetation and trees in once inhospitable locations, with families returning to farm the greener land and harvests up by 70 percent in some areas. It is our very modernity that allows us to live longer, more healthy lives. “There is absolutely no question that carbon energy provides [us] with longer and better lives,” says Dr Christy. Climate change analyst Bjorn Lomborg agrees, concluding that far fewer people are dying from climate-related natural disasters as more countries become developed. “Despite breathless climate reporting,” he says, “about 98 percent fewer people died in 2022 than a hundred years ago from climate-related natural disasters like floods, droughts, storms, wildfires, and extreme temperatures.” Lomborg adds: “In the 1920s, the death count from climate-related disasters was 485,000 on average every year. In the last full decade, 2010-2019, the average was 18,362 dead per year.” Every death is a tragedy, but the survivability of the human race is clearly improving. “Why is this consistently not reported?” he wonders. Could it be that politicians like a good crisis so they can spend billions of taxpayers’ pounds to save us? And there’s no better disaster than the end of the world, is there? Personally, I’d forget the Horsemen of the Apocalypse and open a bottle of Australian or New Zealand wine – hopefully cheaper thanks to Brexit trade deals – sit back and look forward to the spectacles of the King’s Coronation and the Rugby World Cup in 2023. As the days get longer, things can only get better. Cheers to that!