 Holger Rune has appeared to confirm that season two of Netflix's new tennis documentary Break Point is already in the works at this year’s Australian Open. The series dropped on January 13 and quickly made it into the top 10 programmes in the UK, and producers are now said to be following players at the Aussie Open for a new season, including 19-year-old Rune. Tennis got the Drive to Survive treatment recently when part one of Netflix’s new series Break Point was released ahead of the Australian Open, following the likes of Nick Kyrgios and Ons Jabeur from last year’s Aussie Open through to the French Open. And just four days later, it appears that a camera crew is already following more stars around Melbourne Park to get footage for the next season. World No 10 Rune seemingly confirmed the news on Tuesday after defeating Filip Krajinovic in straight sets to get his first-ever main draw win at the Australian Open as he revealed that he was one of the players being followed. Asked if he would get involved in the series if he was asked, the Dane responded: “Of course. We are already starting to do it. “They are filming a little bit. I think the plan is to do some filming for my next match as well.”  Rune shared his excitement to be involved in the upcoming series of Break Point, having already attended the recent premiere of the first season. JUST IN: Dan Evans avoids question in fear of being 'thrown out of Davis Cup'   He added: “I'm excited to do it. I think it's going to be great. It's good for tennis. It's good for us players. And I think more fans we can get into the sport, it's better. I'm just very positive about it.” Rune was also happy to have the cameras around for what he thought was a good cause in promoting tennis to a new audience. “I think it's okay,” he said of being followed by Netflix crews. “I mean, you know, it's not something, like, very new for me. I have been used to, you know, more and more cameras here and there in the last year. But, of course, it's all the time so you have to get used to it. It's nice. While you are doing it, it's for a purpose, it's to promote the sport and also it's good for your own. So it's a win-win situation, if you can say.” DON'T MISSAndy Murray's brother Jamie has three-word response after Aus Open winAustralian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theftCoco Gauff took up boxing and trained with Tyson before Raducanu clash The Paris Masters champion also gave his thoughts on the first episode of season one, which follows Nick Kyrgios’ path to the men’s doubles title with Thanasi Kokkinakis at last year’s Aussie Open, adding: “I think it's very good. I saw just the first episode with Nick, and I thought it's really cool. “I think for non-tennis fans watching tennis, I think it's really cool, because you get not just to see the level and the tennis but the life outside of tennis, you know, all the emotions, all the things that tennis players go through. I think it's super cool, and it shows it very well. “Nick is a character, I think it's quite unbelievable. He's showing a lot of emotions, but I think in a good way because it shows how much passion he has for the sport and how much love. He's an incredible player, as well.” 