Brexit-hating activist Steve Bray has clashed with Tory politician Lee Anderson in Westminster. Mr Bray became embroiled in a scuffle with the Ashfield MP in Parliament Street, London, today (January 11). In video footage posted online by Mr Bray approaches Mr Anderson near an entrance to Westminster Underground Station, asking: "How's the subsidised meals going, Lee? Looks like you're benefitting from them." Mr Anderson replies: "It's a New Year, but you've not got a new job yet. Same old job. You're still a parasite. You're still a scrounger and you're still a malingerer." The MP then grabs Mr Bray's hat from off his head and retreats towards the entrance to a building. Mr Bray then pursues the 56-year-old politician into the portico of the office block. The pair then scuffle as Mr Bray makes a grab for his hat which Mr Anderson holds onto. At this point an armed officer emerges from inside the building to break up the struggle. His hat returned, Mr Bray then smiles and says "There you go" as Mr Anderson retreats inside the building. It is not the first time the pair have clashed with Mr Bray confronting Mr Anderson over the future of then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in May. READ ABOUT AMERICANS CRITICISING PRINCE HARRY OVER HIS TV INTERVIEW The MP told him: "At least I've got a job to lose. You haven't got one." Mr Bray, who made daily protests against Brexit outside parliament ahead of Brexit, replied: "My job's annoying and holding people like you to account." To which the Brexiteer MP said: "You're nothing but a parasite. We've established that. "You're a scrounger. Why are you here dressed like a tramp?" DON'T MISS: Starmer slapped down within minutes of first PMQs of the year [LATEST] Commons erupts as Sunak tears apart Starmer's 'petty politics' [REPORT] ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [REVEALED] Asked by Mr Bray at that time if he was being "derogatory" to people who are out of work, Mr Anderson said: "I'll rephrase that - if you smarten yourself up, you'll make a good tramp." Express.co.uk has contacted Met Police for comment. The latest clash outside Parliament came on the same day Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer sparred in this year's first Prime Minister's Questions. Sir Keir focused his line of attack on the NHS strikes and the state of the NHS. He told MPs: "When I clapped nurses, I meant it." And he insisted the PM's response to "the greatest crisis in the history of the NHS" is to threaten to "sack our nurses". It comes as the Government introduced the Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill to Parliament, which would set minimum service levels for health, fire, education, transport, nuclear decommissioning and border security services. Sir Keir said: "His Transport Secretary says it's not the solution. His Education Secretary hopes it won't apply in schools. "His own assessments say it could increase the number of strikes. The simple truth is you can't legislate your way out of 13 years of failure. Between 2010 and 2019, before anyone had heard of Covid." He went on: "The number of people stuck on the NHS waiting list doubled. Why do patients always wait longer under the Tories?"  Mr Sunak said in response: "This is a simple proposition. No-one denies the unions' freedom to strike, but it is also important to balance that with people's right to have access to life-saving healthcare. "This shouldn't be controversial, the International Labour Organisation supports minimum service levels." He noted these are present in a number of European countries before mocking the Labour leader, adding: "Normally he's in favour of more European alignment."