Manchester United icon Roy Keane was furious at Aaron Wan-Bissaka for his role in the first goal that Erik ten Hag's side conceded against Arsenal on Sunday. Eddie Nketiah was able to sneak in ahead of the former Crystal Palace full-back at the back post and finish past David De Gea to equalise in the first half after Marcus Rashford's long-range opener. Granit Xhaka swung a cross in to the far post and Nketiah appeared oblivious to his marker Wan-Bissaka, who did little to prevent the Gunners' striker from moving past him and allowing him a simple finish. "It’s just his lack of awareness," Keane raged to Sky Sports. "It’s as if he can’t believe someone’s coming around the back of him, because he can see him, he just dozes off. A silly lack of concentration, considering we praise him saying he’s a good defender. Of course he sees him. You have to be aware of him, that’s his job, this is big boy stuff, these are big moments, do your job, go and attack the ball." Keane was furious and hit his knee at the goal his former side conceded, while fellow pundit and former Liverpool midfielder Jamie Redknapp was equally as perplexed. "I struggle with this one," Redknapp added. "Where you’ve got an outfield player giving it back to the goalkeeper. He passes it out to the right back, Wan-Bissaka - the ball’s not his friend anyway, he doesn’t want it in that situation. "They press him really well, Arsenal, they get the ball back and that’s where they get that little bit of success. It’s self-inflicted, they win the corner and then obviously they get the goal from that, but it was good pressure and a lovely piece of play from Arsenal after that." The goal came after Rashford's wonder strike in the first half, which Bukayo Saka matched shortly after the half-time restart as both players beat Aaron Ramsdale and De Gea respectively from distance in a blockbuster clash that lived up to its billing. DON'T MISSTottenham chief Levy can raise January funds to complete two dealsArsenal turn attention to Mourinho favourite after Mudryk agonyArsenal and Tottenham target Zaniolo explains upcoming Roma meeting Then United equalised and drew level at 2-2 when following a corner that was flapped by Ramsdale, Lisandro Martinez scooped a header over the Gunners' goalkeeper which landed in the back of the net. Wan-Bissaka had enjoyed a resurgence in recent weeks under Ten Hag, as the full-back had always been praised for his defensive efforts but questions had been raised previously over his ability to contribute to the attack. However, in Diogo Dalot's absence through injury, Wan-Bissaka has made the right-back spot his own and dispelled rumours that he may leave Old Trafford in January. 