Nectar is giving away over 50 million points in the first-of-its-kind event this week. Savvy shoppers have the chance to win bonus Nectar points when shopping in Sainsbury’s supermarkets and online during the nine-day long ‘Big Points Bonanza’, which ends on February 4. As the cost of living bites and food inflation remains on the incline, many Britons may be searching for ways to make their money stretch further for their weekly shop. Sainsbury’s is rewarding loyal customers with ‘exciting’ offers this week - including the chance to win a staggering £5,000 worth of Nectar card points. Sam Burston, director of Nectar and loyalty at Sainsbury’s, said: “As our customers look for more ways to save money, we want to be able to provide great value and exciting offers for them. READ MORE: Thousands could get up to £500 in free supermarket vouchers  “We want to help them to get the most out of their shopping, which is why we’ve launched The Big Points Bonanza, a nine-day bonus points event where every customer can be a winner.” Mr Burston continued: “We love giving shoppers the feeling of little wins and this points giveaway is the perfect way to surprise and delight our Nectar customers this January.” According to Nectar, there are three ways to win bonus points this week, and these include to ‘Win Big’, ‘Win Everyday’, and ‘Everyone Wins’. DON'T MISS: Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]10 steps to increase petrol and diesel efficiency and save money [EXPLAINED]Four 'in demand' services to turn into £1,000 side hustle - expert [INSIGHT]    Win Big Nectar customers can enter a huge prize draw where 50 lucky shoppers will win one million Nectar points each, worth at least £5,000 - which could be enough to cover a year’s worth of Sainsbury’s shopping. Customers simply need to enter at www.nectar.com/big-points-bonanza until February 4 to be in with a chance of winning. Win Everyday Over the course of the week, 45 Nectar customers will win a surprise 10,000 bonus points, worth up to £50, when they shop in-store, via SmartShop, or online and scan their Nectar card or app. READ MORE: Woman shares how she turned side hustle into six-figure salary  There will be five winners each day, which will see Nectar give away a total of 450,000 points altogether. Everyone Wins All Nectar users shopping in-store at Sainsbury’s supermarkets on Saturday, February 4 will receive a printed coupon for bonus points, ranging from 50 to 5,000 points. Customers just need to spend over £20 on their shop and swipe their Nectar card or scan their app before checking out. Nectar customers shopping with SmartShop in supermarkets will also receive a coupon. Nectar, Sainsbury’s loyalty programme launched 20 years ago, helps customers make their money go further by offering discounted prices and points offers when customers shop at Sainsbury’s.  Nectar customers can also collect and spend points at a variety of the UK’s leading brands including Argos, British Airways and eBay. According to Nectar research, customers were able to save around £3.8million at Sainsbury’s in December alone by using personalised discounts from My Nectar Prices, as well as saving £60million by redeeming Nectar points to take money off their bill at a range of partners. On average, shoppers can save up to £3.90 every week by making the most of My Nectar Prices, whilst customers could also collect 600 bonus points through Sainsbury’s weekly points offers - both promotions are available exclusively on the Nectar app. 