Antonio Brown has shocked fans with yet another sensitive post on social media, but this time it appears to show the former NFL star engaging in a sexual act. The image appeared on his public Snapchat account on Tuesday morning, and users are stunned. The former Tampa Bay Buccaneers star has gone off the rails since walking off in the middle of a game last season, and the wide receiver has not played since. Brown is known for his outlandish posts online, but his latest alleged upload is by far the most graphic yet. Images are already doing the rounds online, as NFL fans try to come to terms with Brown's decision to post such an image, with some speculating the star was hacked. Chelsie Kyriss, the mother of Brown's children, released a statement on instagram confirming she'd asked for the post to be deleted. "I have reported his page and all pictures," she said. "Unfortunately Snapchat is allowing him to repost. I am very sorry for any of your kids that follow him and used to look at him as a role model. I do not condone these actions as you are aware I have kids in involved as well." The receiver is almost untouchable by NFL sides due to his controversial history, as the 34-year-old is not retired, but a free agent. But this image will not be doing him any favours, if he is targeting a return. In week 17 of the 2021 season, Brown would play his last NFL game for the Buccaneers after he decided to leave the field in the third quarter and remove his pads, gloves and shirt in the process. Quarterback Tom Brady backed him, as he said in the resulting press conference: "We all love him, we care about him deeply, we wanna see him be at his best." Brown's ability has never been up for debate, but his temperament has left him almost untouchable - and he remains a free agent. It was Brady that pushed for the Buccaneers to sign him, but after cutting ties with the franchise in ugly fashion, he's since turned his back on the quarterback who brought him in. There was always a wholesome bromance between Brady and Brown, but unfortunately for the free agent, he has done his absolute best to ruin that relationship. Ever since his final game, Brown has continued to attack Brady on social media, even posting himself with a photoshopped picture with Gisele Bundchen - now ex-wife of the Buccaneers quarterback. Brown has also been celebrating online as the Buccaneers continue to struggle offensively, and it's unknown if his latest post is linked to their season ending loss to the Dallas Cowboys. The Buccaneers fell at the first hurdle in the playoffs, losing 31-14 to the Cowboys. It's been a poor season all round for the Buccaneers, and it seems like Brown has loved it. "Thought y’all could find someone do what I do. I’m still Waiting sorry ahhhhh boys," he posted after they lost to the Cleveland Browns earlier in the season. It's unclear whether Brown will ever return to the NFL, but it would take a brave organisation to take a chance. At the age of 34, you'd imagine an opportunity would have presented itself by now, but time will tell.