Deidre Sanders got emotional on the latest instalment of This Morning as she announced her husband of 55 years had died before Christmas. She opened up about Rick's death while she was interviewed about being awarded an MBE for her services to charity and mental health in the New Year's Honours list. The agony aunt said it was "special" to share the news with Rick before his death.  Speaking to This Morning hosts Andi Peters and Josie Gibson on Tuesday's show, Deidre exclaimed: “I am really, really thrilled. I absolutely love the work I do. "I love helping the viewers at This Morning as much as I can and I loved all my years at The Sun, and that’s absolutely great. "But it is lovely if somebody, especially the King, can issue you a tick and say well done.” She said she found out about her MBE by getting a phone call from the Cabinet Office last month. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again She emotionally added: “A special thing for me, a lot of you know my husband died just before Christmas on December 16 but this call came through a week before he died, so that was really really special for me. "I went and got the email and I could share it with him and say what had happened. "I was with Rick for 55 years so it was really great. "He was always a great tease, so he had to get in a few digs first but he did the next day tell my daughter and tell me just how proud he was so that was really, extra special.”  She continued: “It was lovely that we could share that, I think had he died before I got that news, it would have always just been a bittersweet thing so it’s lovely that we could share that.” Deidre became more emotional as a picture of Rick was shown to ITV viewers. Deidre later said: “I think the important message I want to get across is that we’ve all got problems at some point in our lives. "Nobody is immune to problems and it’s ok to ask for help, it’s really important to ask for help. DON'T MISS...This Morning viewers slam Holly and Phil's 'extended' time off  [LATEST]Prince Harry to 'attack' brother in memoir as he 'turns on' William [UPDATE]ITV viewers fume over Lorraine and This Morning repeats  [REACTION] "You do those around you a favour if you ask for help so that’s one of the great messages I’m happy to get across." Her co-stars heaped praise on Deidre, with Vanessa Feltz thanking her for raising awareness around mental health. Vanessa added: "She’s really done us all the most incredible service so you know, the tribute is so well deserved.” A date of when Deidre will receive her MBE is yet to be announced.  Last year was a difficult one for Deidre who announced in September she had been diagnosed with breast cancer in June. However, she returned to This Morning in December with some good news. She said at the time: "I’m really good, so I had this teeny, tiny cancer, which was spotted on a mammogram, I’ve had surgery, it’s all out, it’s gone." This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 