Pamela Anderson has lifted the lid on allegedly walking in on actor Jack Nicholson in the midst of a steamy sex session. In her forthcoming book, she claimed that she caught The Shining star involved with two women in a bathroom at the Playboy Mansion, only to send him over the edge by catching his eye. Pamela, whose life with Tommy Lee was immortalised on the Netflix movie Pam and Tommy last year, spilled on the world of "complete freedom" that she and other libertarians enjoyed at the mansion. "Mr. Nicholson had two beautiful women with him. They were all giggling and kissing up against the wall, sliding all over each other," she wrote in her much awaited memoir, Love Pamela. "I walked by to use the mirror, bending over the sink to fix my lip gloss. Trying not to look, but I couldn’t help myself and caught his eye in the reflection," she continued. "I guess that got him to the finish line, because he made a funny noise, smiled and said, ‘Thanks, dear.’” READ NOW: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman In a new interview with Variety magazine, she has described the moment she immortalised in her book as part of an amazing "experience" at the mansion. "It was full of artists, philanthropists, intellectuals, chivalry, beautiful women... it was just complete freedom," she reminisced. Pamela has equally warm memories of the moment she first stepped on American soil, having been born on the east coast of Vancouver Island in Canada. The nation gave the Baywatch star her first taste of modelling and acting, and she recalls meeting many memorable faces at the Playboy Mansion. Within hours of first arriving there, she met the mogul Jon Peters and swiftly moved into his luxurious home in California's upmarket Bel Air. She says he never made a move on her in the early years, something which he himself has confirmed for her Variety interview. He instead showered her with lavish and expensive gifts, including jewellery, cars and designer clothes. The Baywatch beauty also has horror stories, however, involving men who were far less chivalrous.  In her early days as a swimsuit model, she claims she was booked for a job only to find herself trapped on a flight with a sleazy man who made her extremely uncomfortable. "He was much older and ruddy, drooly, lecherous," she told Variety of her experience travelling with him to Hawaii. She claims he whispered in her ear that he had planned an "intimate" experience with her as the only model, and no hairdressers, makeup artists or photography assistants around. Feeling "sick" to her stomach, she continued to listen to his account of how she had been the "chosen" one for the shoot. Then, when she left the plane, she sought help from an airline attendant who whisked her to safety in a back office until she could catch the next flight straight back to Los Angeles. Pamela, who also alleged she was molested at age seven by a babysitter, urged women finding themselves in an unwelcome situation to seek help to get to a "safe place". The iconic actress says her experiences have taught her resilience, and she's since become a "strong" woman as a result - not a "victim" or "damsel in distress". Pamela Anderson is the cover star of the latest issue of Variety magazine, out now.