King Charles and Prince William have been criticised after they missed the funeral of Greece's last king Constantine II on Monday. Princess Anne was the only senior royal to attend the ceremony in Athens, where monarchs from around the world gathered for the event. Royals from Spain, Denmark, and other countries who are closely related to Constantine were there, but the King was unable to attend due to diary commitments which included meeting the President of Cyprus on Monday morning. Constantine was a godfather to Prince William and Lady Gabriella Windsor. William asked Gabriella to represent him at the funeral. But the King and William have been condemned by a royal commentator, who said it is "poor form" that they have missed the funeral for other commitments. Emily Andrews tweeted on Monday: "It’s pretty poor form that neither William (godson) nor Charles have gone to Constantine’s funeral.  The King and Queen Consort, Camilla, are currently residing at Birkhall, their Scottish residence. William and the Princess of Wales, Kate. were in Merseyside last week to visit a hospital and Liverpool. Constantine, a distant cousin of King Charles, lived in exile after the Greek monarchy was abolished in 1974. He lived in Hampstead Garden Suburb in north London, but later returned to his home country. READ MORE: Harry has been offered Coronation olive branch, says VALON ASANI The former Greek monarch was close to King Charles and was also a sailing partner of Prince Philip's After Monday's ceremony, Constantine's coffin was transported to Tatoi, the former royal estate in Athens where he will be buried. His wife Anne-Marie and his eldest son Pavlos walked at the head of the procession. The Greek government confirmed that the country's former monarch will be buried as a private citizen, not with honours usually given to heads of state. Constantine became king in Greece in 1964, when he was just 23 years old. He had already won an Olympic gold medal in sailing, making him a popular figure. This didn't last long, however. In 1965, his popularity took a blow after being involved in the downfall of Centre Union government of prime minister George Papandreou, who was also a popular figure. The saga is now known as the Greek “apostasy”. It sparked a chain of events that culminated in a military coup in 1967. DON'T MISSPrince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [INSIGHT]Queen Letizia is sombre wearing statement brooch for state funeral [ANALYSIS]Tom Bower fumes Royal Family 'must hit back' at Harry [INSIGHT]