After a lengthy hiatus, Blue Bloods returned to CBS with an all-new episode of the Reagan family. The mid-season premiere also saw Joe Hill (played by Will Hochman) make a comeback and after a touching scene with Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) fans demanded to see more of him.   Blue Bloods follows the professional and personal life of police commissioner, Frank and his three adult children, who also work in law enforcement. During season 10, fans were introduced to Joe, as the estranged son of Frank's deceased son, Joseph Reagan. While this was a huge shock for fans, the Reagan family were also astounded at Joe’s existence because his mother Paula Hill (Bonnie Somerville) had kept him a secret. Despite this, Joe was warmly welcomed and reunited with the Reagan family during the most recent episode, Nothing Sacred. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams    Although viewers were glad to see his return, Joe’s comeback came as a result of heartbreaking circumstances. During a visit to Joseph’s gravesite, Frank sees the headstone had been vandalised, Joe was also there and attempted to fix it, but it was too heavy. There the two clashed on how to investigate the vandalism, as an emotional Joe was ready to go full steam ahead while Frank insisted he would look into it. While it was a heart-wrenching storyline for Joe, viewers were glad to see the character back on screens and demanded bosses should have him appear on a more regular basis.   Taking to Twitter @Mandys86 wrote: “We need to see more of Joe, this episode proved that he needs more time to bond with his family, especially Frank. The last scene was touching!” @buggsydoodle198 added: “Way to go grandpa Frank! Can we keep Joe hill around a little more?!?” A third viewer tweeted: “Hope we get more of Joe.” As @charmedg1 stated: “I like all the Regan Family but hopefully we see Joe more often.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [INSIGHT]Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [INSIGHT]Blue Blood season 13 returns from its midseason hiatus [INSIGHT]  The Reagan’s weekly dinner quickly turned sour after Joe disclosed he had a lead on who broke the headstone. By everyone’s shocked faces, he quickly realised only Frank knew about the vandalism. After the mortifying realisation, Joe walked out as Frank meekly apologised to his family. Joe was more emotionally affected by the ordeal because he never knew his father and the gravesite was his only connection to Joseph. Frank understood this as he expressed concern this would push Joe away from the family.      During the final moments of the episode, the two shared a touching moment at the cemetery. Frank had invited Joe to unveil the new headstone which he had also made some alterations to. It read: “Beloved Son, Brother and Father,” a touched Joe noted: “It’s perfect.” Their investigation concluded the caretaker’s nephew had taken a hammer to a number of other headstones in a fit of rage after he was fired.  Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.