NCIS Los Angeles fans welcomed back the drama with open arms earlier this week for the NCIS three-way crossover. But it's back to business as usual with another case to crack on the spin-off CBS police procedural. This time, it centres around a good friend Agent Sam Hanna (played by LL Cool J) who has found himself in a lot of trouble. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.Former Navy SEAL has popped up in NCIS LA on a number of occasions over the years. Most recently, he featured in season 11, episode eight's Human Resources, but for the first time, he will play an integral part in the season 14 instalment Best Seller. The synopsis for the 11th episode in the series reads: "When Sam’s friend Tom Olsen finds himself being hunted down by enemies from his past, the NCIS team must find out who is after him." So will the team be able to figure out who is trying to hurt Tom and put a stop to it once and for all? READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Actor David Paul Olsen is married to none other than NCIS Los Angeles star Daniela Ruah who is behind Agent Kensi Blye. He is also the brother of her onscreen husband Eric Christian Olsen and has worked on the show for many years as his stunt double. While some fans may think it's odd that Ruah is with the Marty Deeks star's brother but he was the one to actually set them up. Eric opened up on The Queen Latifah Show in 2014 about how they were both dating "awful" people and wanted to do something about it. He said: “When they got together because he came on to do stunts, I would say something nice about her to him and then say something to him about her. "That was enough to kinda get them started in conversation and it became this wonderful relationship.” The couple went on their first date in February 2011 and in June 2014, they tied the knot with a beautiful ceremony in Portugal. Before getting hitched, they welcomed their son River in 2013 and their daughter Sierra in September 2016. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey floored as CBS show smashes record [EXPLAINER]NCIS crossover bags record ratings after spin-offs join forces [REVEALED] Ruah took to social media at the beginning of the year to celebrate her husband's birthday who had turned 47. She shared a picture of him snowboarding at the top of a scenic mountain view, as well another image of Olsen walking across a beachside boardwalk. Ruah sweetly captioned the post: "In this family, we start the year by celebrating my forever and ever. "My jack of all trades, my life partner, my all." Olsen has worked on several shows besides NCIS LA as a stunt double over the years. Some of these have included The Back-Up Plan, The Mentalist, Bones, American Crime Story, Ozark, Westworld, Big Little Lies and Never Have I Ever. His latest job, according to his IMDb page, was on the FX thriller The Old Man last year. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced.