Some four fifths of households (80 percent) admit to at least one bad energy habit such as overfilling the kettle or leaving the lights on. Yet small changes to habits can make a big difference to people's energy bills when it comes to making savings. This is especially true when it comes to using washing machines, dishwashers and tumble dryers less as these are some of the most energy-consuming devices in UK households. With energy bills around twice as much as they were this time last year and set to rise a further 20 percent in April, there has never been a better time to make changes to energy usage to save money. Yet, despite this, some Britons are still making simple mistakes that could be costing them hundreds of pounds throughout the year. New research shows more than a quarter (28 percent) of people set their washing machine at more than 40 degrees Celsius, potentially costing up to £26 a year more than washing at 30 degrees Celsius while one in six (16 percent) run it when it’s not full. With washing machines costing households £38 a year on average, an extra wash every week could add an extra £9 to yearly bills. READ MORE: Millions of Britons missing out on 50 percent boost to savings Uswitch.com says these bad energy habits are adding up to £285 a year to household bills: DON'T MISS:Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [NSIGHT]Households may be able to claim refund on their TV Licence [UPDATE]Benefit payments for pensioners to increase in 2023 [ALERT]  Running the dishwasher when it’s not full adds an average of £11 a year to energy bills – while not using the appliance’s eco mode could also increase costs by £28. Another costly habit is leaving the hot tap running while doing the washing up. A running hot tap can waste 100 litres in just ten minutes, wasting 34 pence in energy costs. Households that do this once a week could run up an additional £20 a year. Making cups of tea and coffee is an area where bad habits can quickly increase energy costs. Over a quarter of households (28 percent) say they fill the kettle with more water than they need, potentially adding £55 to the average £93-a-year cost of tea-making if they overfill by half every time. The UK city with the most over-filled kettles is Brighton, with 38 percent of households admitting to boiling more water than they need, compared to 28 percent nationally.  Ben Gallizzi, energy expert at Uswitch.com, said: “At a time of year when we’re all coming up with New Year Resolutions, it’s a great moment to get into good energy habits and save yourself money. “We’ve all been guilty at times of leaving the lights on or overfilling the kettle, but it’s important to remember that these habits can all add hundreds of pounds a year to our bills. “Even with the Energy Price Guarantee, bills are higher this winter than they were last year, but there are a lot of ways households can cut down their energy use. “Doing your best to get into good habits could be a great starting point, and saving money might be as simple as using the eco mode on your white goods and making sure you only run them when full."  He continued: “You can’t always tell if changing your habits is making a difference until you see your bill – unless you track your usage. "People using the Utrack app can see the impact on their bills with hourly graphs, comparing gas and electricity use by day, week, month and year.” Express.co.uk has been testing popular money-saving tips from slow cookers to heated throws to see which ones actually work. Express Money readers can also refer to this useful online tool which helps people work out how much each of their household appliances is costing them so they can decide which swaps they are prepared to make.