It will focus mainly on social care and delayed discharges. Doctors warn the NHS is on a knife edge as A&E units struggle to meet demand and trusts and ambulance services declare critical incidents.  On Wednesday, in one of five major pledges for 2023, Mr Sunak asked people to hold him to account if NHS waiting lists in England did not fall in two years. He said he was taking “urgent action” and increasing funding, including for more bed capacity. Health Secretary Steve Barclay, Treasury minister John Glen, Cabinet Office minister Oliver Dowden and NHS England chief executive Amanda Pritchard will attend today’s forum. They will be joined by clinical leaders, councils, experts from Royal Colleges and other groups. Downing Street said: “We are bringing together the best minds from the health and care sectors to help share knowledge and practical solutions, so that we can tackle the most crucial challenges such as delayed discharge and emergency care.”  An average of 5,105 flu patients occupied general hospital beds last week, up 47 percent on the previous week and nearly seven times the number at the start of December, according to NHS England. The number of critical care beds jumped 26 percent week-on-week from 267 to 336. Deaths registered in England and Wales in the week before Christmas were 20 percent higher than the five-year average. An estimated 2.97 million people in private households are estimated to have had Covid in the week ending December 28, more than double the number at the start of the month. Ambulance handover delays climbed to a new high in the week to January 1. More than a quarter of patients waited more than an hour at A&E, compared with 10 per cent at this point last year. Patients ready to leave hospital filled an average of 12,809 beds a day last week, up almost a third on this time last year. Mr Sunak said: “In particular this winter, what we want to do is make sure we move people out of hospitals into social care, into communities. That is one of the most powerful ways we can ease some of the pressures on A&E and ambulances.” 