Richard, 74, from Hampshire, is planning to reach for the skies in May to celebrate his landmark birthday and will bring his wife Jackie, 64, and sons Alex, 30, and Jonathan, 26, along for the ride of his life.  He said: “When I got the call I was absolutely amazed. I have won a few things over the years - a fiver here and a tenner there - but this is sensational. “These sort of things never happen to me, it’s always other people. I thought it was a wind up at first. To say I am excited is a little bit of an understatement.” Richard was one of 600 readers who entered our annual competition with flyaspitfire.com, based at the Biggin Hill Heritage Hangar in Kent. On offer was a chance to experience an unforgettable flight in the legendary Second World War fighter. The prize, two 30-minute experiences, would usually cost £2,975 each. The other winner in our glittering competition was Catherine Parker from Grantham, Lincolnshire, who entered knowing her husband Michael’s lifelong passion for Spitfires. He hopes to take his flight in July. They will take off from the same airfield that became the frontline during the Battle of Britain in 1940, experiencing the same sensory overload as the brave young aviators who defeated the Luftwaffe to end Hitler's invasion plans.   The Heritage Hangar, which painstakingly restores the iconic aircraft into two-seat planes, is run by a crack team of aviation enthusiasts The Express competition was free, but entrants were asked to make a donation to the RAF Benevolent Fund. Some £1,380 was donated, meaning the Express competition has now helped raise more than £20,000 for the welfare charity which provides financial, practical and emotional support to serving and former members of the RAF – regardless of rank – as well as their partners and dependents. RAF ace Flight Lieutenant George Dunn, 100, from Brighton, East Sussex, flew Halifax Bombers during the war and was one of the heroes of the Peenemunde raid on the Baltic coast of Germany in August 1943 which disrupted the Third Reich's secret weapon development. Last week he had the privilege of plucking winning names from a hat and said: “It was a great pleasure for me to make the draw and I do hope the recipients, when they get into the Spitfire, imagine they are fighting for their country. I do hope they enjoy it - and I am sure they will.” Last year’s winner Gary Burnett realised two of his life’s dreams thanks to the Express and the Heritage Hangar.   The cancer survivor was once given just six weeks to live but got to meet RAF hero Andy Andrews before the fabled airman died in November. It was a weekend he thought he, wife Pippa and sons John, Alex, 32, and Joshua, 29, would never see. Gary said: “It was so intense and I didn’t come down from it for hours and hours. It was such a thrill and an honour to meet Andy. Not just because he pulled my name out of a hat, but because of what he represented…one of the finest generations. “He was such a chatty and pleasant gentleman. The Biggin Hill team literally had to pull me away from him to go out to the aircraft.” Gary, 66, a former civil servant from Cheadle Hume, Manchester, was diagnosed with bowel and liver cancer and underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy only for it to return 15 months later. Twenty years earlier he was told he had just weeks left to live before being placed on the experimental drug irinotecan. He is now all-clear. Gary took to the skies in Grey Nurse TE308 flown by Anna Walker - the world’s only female Hurricanes and Spitfire pilot. He said: “I was genuinely starstruck meeting her. And what a pilot. When she heard that I’d had several stomach operations she was ultra-careful, while still putting our beautiful aircraft through its paces in the sky like only a Spitfire can. It was a wonderful feeling seeing Pippa and our sons just a few feet away. Victory-rolling in the sky near Brands Hatch was marvellous, thrilling and just bloody wonderful.” 