Boris Becker feels Nick Kyrgios' withdrawal from the Australian Open will come as a huge blow for the tournament as a whole. The Aussie tennis star had been battling an ankle injury in the build-up to his home Grand Slam. But he appeared to put those injury fears behind him last week when he called himself one of the pre-tournament favourites. Kyrgios also took the Rod Laver Arena on Friday to play in an exhibition match against Novak Djokovic. It was all set for Kyrgios to make his return to competitive tennis in the first round of the Australian Open. But he announced on Monday that he would have to pull out of the tournament due to a knee injury. Kyrgios is one of a few stars on tour who draw in a crowd at every major he plays at. And Becker believes the Australian Open will suffer as a result of Kyrgios no longer being part of the draw. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  “It didn’t look that way on Friday night when he played two sets against Djokovic,” the German said on Eurosport. “He talked about injuries beforehand, but to the ankle and not to the knee. “But what Kyrgios says and what he does are often two different things. Nevertheless, it is of course very bitter to have to pull out of your home Grand Slam before the first round due to an injury. It’s a pity for all of us.”  Kyrgios' physio, Will Maher, gave more information on the injury that forced Kyrgios to pull out of the major. “There's a parameniscal cyst growing in his left meniscus, which is the result of a small tear in his lateral meniscus,” Maher said. “It's not a significant injury in the sense that it's going to be career threatening or anything like that. To Nick's credit, he did try everything, to the point even last week he was having a procedure called a fenestration and drainage where they use a syringe to try and drain the cyst, which Nick has some pretty gruesome photos of. I'm sure he'll probably share them later. “In terms of making it worse, it absolutely could get worse. The very small tear he has on his meniscus could turn into a much more complicated one, and he would end up losing a large chunk of his meniscus, which would affect his long-term prognosis."