JJ Watt has revealed some bizarre fan mail that he received this week ahead of his final game in the NFL. Watt will retire after this season after 12 years in the league, retiring as one of the greatest defensive players of all-time. Winning three defensive player of the year awards, the 33-year-old dominated through his first few years of his career, whilst also making the first-team All-Pro five different years. As well as being a dominant player on the field, Watt is also a beloved figure off of it for his charitable donations and raising millions, which saw him awarded the 2017 Walter Payton Man of the Year. After Hurrican Harvey hit Houston in 2017, whilst a member of the Houston Texans, Watt helped raise over $37million to help families who were affected, wanting to give back to the city where he played 10 years in his career. During the coronavirus pandemic, Watt also donated £350,000 to the Houston Food Bank to aid in relief efforts, helping supply over a million meals. Also, the The Justin J Watt Foundation in Wisconsin, where he played his college football and grew up, has raised $6.6m to under-supported schools with their athletics programmes.  As a favourite amongst fans, Watt will have received countless messages and perhaps even gifts from fans. But none compare to what he was sent earlier this week. Watt revealed on Twitter that a fan had send him a taxidermy badger to the Arizona Cardinals facility. He wrote: "I have received a lot of wild fan mail over the years. This package that arrived today is certainly being added to the list." The badger, in reference to his college football teams mascot, the Wisconsin Badgers, as mentioned where he grew up and played - going down as one of the greatest players in the school's history. Watt's last game will be this Sunday when the Cardinals take on the San Francisco 49ers. He signed a two-year deal with the Cardinals after 10 years with the Texans. He will go down as one of the greatest defensive players of all-time, racking up 111.5 sacks in his career - a number that would be much, much higher had he not missed significant time through cruel injuries, whilst having 66 in his first 80 games.