Police have found a hatchet, bin bags covered in blood and a rug as they continue to search for missing mum Ana Walshe, who mysteriously disappeared on New Year’s Day. Used cleaning supplies and a hacksaw were also among items found by police canines at a waste collection site - 50 miles from the home she shares with husband Brian Walshe, 47.     Mr Walshe, a convicted fraudster, was charged this week with misleading investigators searching for his wife - and is currently being held in custody on a $500,000 (£411,145) bond. He pleaded not guilty at his arraignment on Monday. Mrs Walshe, who has three sons with her husband, was last seen in the early hours of New Year's Day in her hometown of Cohasset, Massachusetts, US. The 39-year-old was reported missing after she failed to turn up to her work - a real estate development firm in Washington DC - on January 4. Sources told WBZ-TV a hatchet, bloody bin bags, rug cleaning supplies and a hacksaw were found in the nearby city of Peabody after an extensive search of a rubbish site.       In a statement supplied to Express.co.uk on Tuesday, Norfolk District Attorney's office confirmed a "number of items" were recovered from the city - around 50 miles north of Cohasset and 15 miles from Boston. "Search activity conducted north of Boston yesterday resulted in a number of items being collected, which will now be subject to processing and testing to determine if they are of evidentiary value to this investigation," the statement said. Investigators in protective suits accompanied with specially-trained sniffer dogs were spotted at the site. Express.co.uk has contacted the Norfolk District Attorney for further details about their search. READ MORE: Community in shock as 'teacher of the year' shot dead in her garden On Monday, during Mr Walshe's appearance at Quincy District Court, Massachusetts, prosecutors said blood and a bloody knife were found in the basement of their family home. Assistant District Attorney Lynn Beland told the judge: “Crime services recovered and found blood in the basement area … There was also a knife that was found. On the knife, there was blood.” Mr Walshe is a convicted art fraudster. In April 2021, he pleaded guilty to selling a pair of fake 1978 Andy Warhol paintings to a dealer in California for $80,000, court records show. DON'T MISS: Harry says 'unconscious bias can move into racism' [SPOTLIGHT]Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get the f**k out of Mar-a-Lago' [EXCLUSIVE]Harry and Meghan have to be 'careful' in months ahead, warns Scobie [INSIGHT]  Law enforcement officials told CNN Mr Walshe internet searched "how to dispose of a 115-pound woman's body" and how to dismember a body after the disappearance. The Norfolk District Attorney's office said "there is no anticipated change or adjustment of the charges in place in this matter at this time". The couple's three sons are being held in state custody.  