A stranded cat who lost his leg after falling from a tower block last year has now found a loving new home. Orwell, a two-year-old male Scottish Fold, was discovered in a stack of leaves last October after seemingly falling from a block of flats in Regent Court, Aberdeen. A passer-by found the feline not moving and vomiting. It was later determined that the animal's leg was fractured and needed to be amputated. After a period of recovery, the pet has been given a new life in the Trossachs after being adopted by two new owners. Aimee Findlay, the SSPCA animal rescue officer who recovered the cat from the mishap, said: "He was unresponsive when I approached and I was surprised to find him lying there exposed to the strong winds. "I took him to the vets where they found his front leg to be completely broken and twisted. "Unfortunately, the leg had to be amputated due to the extent of the injuries he had sustained." Orwell is the fourth cat that the SSPCA suspects may have fallen from the apartment building. Ms Findlay added: "We have sadly heard that several other cats have recently been killed or injured after falling from the same block of flats. "We are extremely concerned for the welfare of other animals in the area if this turns out to be the case." Orwell was treated at the Aberdeenshire Rescue and Rehoming Center after being admitted for an operation on his leg, where he "soon learned how to live life with three legs." READ MORE: Ukraine celebrates both big cats and small after Leopard 2 boost He was discovered by Margaret and Anne and has since relocated to the Trossachs, where he is frequently seen playing with shoelaces and his homemade catnip mouse. The couple even gave their newest addition to the family a new name, naming him Jura after their preferred whisky and vacation spot in the Inner Hebrides. Margaret and Anne are "delighted” with their new pet, according to the SSPCA. DON'T MISS:Coventry cat shaver feared to have returned to old ways [REPORT]Drivers who hit cats could face huge fines after actress's campaign [REPORT]Heroic Ukrainians rescuing dogs from frontline share videos of mission [REPORT] A spokesperson said: "[His new owners] Margaret and Anne are delighted to have Jura as part of the family, and particularly enjoy watching him play with shoe laces and his homemade catnip mouse. "His zoomies up and down the stairs and bedtime cuddles more than make up for his resistance to his daily (and very necessary) grooming sessions. "We are so glad Jura has found the loving home he deserves after his injuries last year and would like to thank Margaret and Anne for sharing stories of his wonderful new life." READ NEXT:Effective ‘tea bag’ hack to stop cats using your garden as a toiletUp to 500 patients die every week due to delays in NHS emergency carePet expert shares 'common signs of fear' to look out for in petsDog shelters seeing 'record number' of rehoming this winterDogs found living in faeces in RSPCA's 'worst' case for decades