Arsenal could spend some of the money they reserved for Mykhaylo Mudryk on strengthening an alternative position on the pitch. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is a reported target for the Gunners and is claimed to have turned down an offer of a new contract at Lazio. Arsenal were prioritising Mudryk and were prepared to break their transfer record to land him. However, they were not willing to match Shakhtar Donetsk's asking price of £88million. Chelsea were and completed a hijack of the transfer over the weekend. Arsenal are now looking at what else they can do in the market before the window shuts. Barcelona star Raphinha and Brighton's Leandro Trossard have both been mooted as winger options. But Arteta is also open to adding in midfield if the right opportunity arises. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Milinkovic-Savic has long been linked with a move to the Premier League. He has spent seven-and-a-half years at Lazio, making over 300 first-team appearances. However, Italian football reporter Giovanni Albanese claims the 27-year-old has turned down all offers of a renewal to his contract so far and will not sign an extension. Milinkovic-Savic's current deal expires at the end of next season. Lazio would understandably not want to let him leave for free. However, it could still take a large offer to convince them to sell midway through a season. Arsenal do need to add depth in midfield. If either Thomas Partey or Granit Xhaka suffer an injury, their title hopes would take a major blow. DON'T MISSMudryk asked Arsenal question before agreeing to £88m Chelsea transferArsenal have four cheaper alternatives to Mudryk as Chelsea snap up £88m aceWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to light  Milinkovic-Savic turns 28 next month, so is perhaps at a different age profile to what Arsenal have targeted in recent windows. However, experience is still needed and he would provide bundles of that. Arsenal were keen on signing the Serbia international last summer. He was not open to a move to the Emirates at the time after they failed to qualify for the Champions League. However, reports out of Italy in December claimed he had changed his mind on a move to north London. Arsenal are top of the Premier League table, a position not even the most optimistic supporter would have expected, let alone a prospective new signing. Signing a winger will still be the main aim for Arteta and the recruitment staff at Arsenal for the next couple of weeks. But if there is still money available, they could do far worse than finally bring Milinkovic-Savic to England.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here