The list, headed by a Russia-born financial tycoon, also includes a 30-year-old sportswear entrepreneur and a scrap metal dealer. The 100 wealthy individuals or ­families in this year’s Sunday Times Tax List were liable for almost ­£5.2billion of UK tax last year. Yet they include just four of the top 20 from the wider Sunday Times Rich List of wealthiest people in Britain. Luke Hildyard, executive director of think-tank the High Pay Centre, said: “It would be great to create a culture where rich people compete to pay the most tax, rather than doing all they can to avoid it, so those at the top of this list should be applauded. “We should be ­taking steps to ensure a more even balance of wealth ­distribution, as well as celebrating those at the top who do the right thing.” The figures take in personal income tax and any dividend or capital gains tax. They also include corporation tax paid by their companies. This year’s list is topped by billionaire Alex Gerko, 43. He runs trading firm XTX Markets, and is estimated to have paid £487million in UK tax last year.  The Moscow-born tycoon, who has renounced his Russian citizenship, wrote withering tweets in the days after Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine. He replaced Bet365 gambling magnate Denise Coates, whose family held top spot for three years. Tim Martin, 67, founder of JD Wetherspoon, is estimated to have paid £123million in tax. Singer Sting is 52nd on the list, with a tax liability put at £25million. Writer JK Rowling, in joint 81st place, is thought to have paid ­£15million in UK tax last year. The author has previously spoken of the debt she felt she owed to the welfare state, as a single mother receiving benefits, while writing Harry Potter. Ben Francis, 30, the chief of athletic leisure brand Gymshark, is the youngest person in this year’s rankings, paying £11.6million. He said: “This country and its taxes afforded me a free education, free healthcare and, as the child of a nurse, it also paid my mum’s salary. I’m proud that we ­contribute in every way we can.” 