Antonio Conte has reportedly told Tottenham Hotspur chiefs his primary transfer target as he attempts to prevent the club's top-four hopes from derailing entirely. Spurs are under pressure to continue spending in January after a busy summer amid a torrid rut of results. Conte's side have slipped outside the Champions League spots after winning just two of their last seven Premier League games. And the Italian head coach has repeatedly lamented that he needs time and financial backing to mould the squad he inherited from Nuno Espirito Santo in 2021 to his liking. Italian reports this morning claimed Tottenham are looking to continue their rebuild under Conte by adding to his midfield ranks this winter. Calciomercato identified Barcelona's Franck Kessie as one of his targets, with the 26-year-old struggling in his first season since joining on a free transfer from AC Milan. It's been claimed that the La Liga giants haven't ruled a January exit out after handing Kessie just two league starts this term. And La Repubblica have gone one further, labelling the Ivory Coast international as the 'favourite' subject on Conte's transfer wishlist. JUST IN: Newcastle 'make £16m bid' for Barcelona-linked wonderkid Alan Varela  Conte wants him at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this month in his search for new players to help turn the sinking ship around. The report claims Spurs have an advantage over Kessie's rival suitors in Italy, due to his hefty salary worth around £7million per year. Conte will likely be well versed on Kessie, who played for the Rossoneri while he coached Inter Milan to beating their bitter city rivals to the Serie A title in the 2020/21 season. But the midfield maestro's personal preference isn't yet known, just months after completing a dream move to the Nou Camp, and he will only leave if Barca are happy to cash in. READ MORE: Man Utd have Giroud 'on their radar' with striker expecting offer  Conte has claimed he is happy with his squad but suggested Tottenham would be active in January if the right opportunity arises. Before Sunday's 2-0 defeat against Aston Villa, he said: "If there is the opportunity to strengthen the squad, we'll do something. "You know what our politics is, and we try to follow these politics and to improve the team. The politics are about young players with no big salaries. "We have to sign players that they can stay in our vision of the club here. Otherwise, we'll continue with these players. I'm happy with them." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here