The actress joined This Morning presenters Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on Tuesday morning to discuss her latest documentary, Asking For It, which takes a look at sexual harassment online. She broke down in tears as she recalled some of the nasty messages she receives from online accounts on a daily basis. Knowing that there was one user in particular that was harassing Emily, Phillip expressed: "You say, you feel like you are sexually assaulted 100 times a day, there is one person who I know comes back and back and back. "You block them and they create a new account, he says that he is sending you the hideous stuff that he sends whilst his wife and children are asleep." Explaining what she receives, Emily said: "Yeah, he says that he tucks his children into bed and then comes online to abuse me. "Then sometimes he asks if I'll get involved with him and his wife and then he says 'I want to do it behind my wife's back, while my children are asleep.' READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss "He calls himself 'daddy Dave' to me, and constantly says the words 'daddy', 'daddy', which is a really psychologically horrible..." Emily broke down in tears having to recall the messages, with Holly leaning forward to comfort her. Phillip asked whether Emily had ever seen his face, to which she shook her head, as he continued: "What you want more than anything is to be able to track these people down. "You want to be able to stop them, identify them because of what they are putting you through and many people would say that you should expose them." Emily candidly admitted: "I am terrified of exposing someone and I have ruined their life." Phillip added: "Parliament we know is useless, it is still going on no matter how many times they have said they are doing something about it. "What about the actual companies, because when it comes to Instagram and TikTok and Twitter, do they do anything to help you?" Emily revealed: "No. I have reported things so many times. I actually once, there was a message that was so upsetting to me that I put it up. DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST] "My account was actually suspended for a couple of days because I reposted the photograph." During the documentary, which airs on Tuesday night, Emily takes a look at the tendency for many women to self-blame when they receive harassment online. Emily is also campaigning for tougher laws concerning harassment and opening up on the impact it has had on her and her family's mental health. Her mission to make cyber flashing illegal compels her to ask the question: “Am I asking for it?” Emily's journey sees her contact some of the men who harass her, speak to the police and hear from a group of schoolgirls who have become inured to receiving unwanted pictures from men. In a trailer, for the show, Emily says to the camera: "Every morning when I wake up, I see a man's penis I haven't asked to see." She proceeds to get her phone out and starts scrolling through her direct messages and says: "This morning, I've had... 'I want to see your t**s'... 37 times." Emily Atack: Asking For It? airs on BBC Two tonight at 9pm.