Princess Eugenie has revealed she and her husband Jack Brooksbank are expecting their second child. Buckingham Palace officialised the news with a statement reading: "Princess Eugenie and Mr Jack Brooksbank are pleased to announce they are expecting their second child this summer. "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother." The Palace did not share whether Eugenie is expecting a boy or a girl. Princess Eugenie also spoke about the happy news by sharing an adorable picture via her Instagram account. The snap, taken by Jack, shows little August kissing his mother's belly while the pair are playing outside. The brief caption accompanying the photo read: "We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." The post was quickly shared via Instagram Stories by Princess Beatrice's husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The Princess' mother, Sarah Ferguson, also shared an adorable tribute to mark the happy news. Taking to her Instagram account, the Duchess of York published a picture of August playing in puddles, which she accompanied with the caption: "You will be sharing puddles, Augie! Superb news, Granny heaven... So deeply grateful." Eugenie's second baby will be 13th-in-line to the throne, pushing down one position Prince Edward and his children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The royal baby is the Queen and Prince Philip's 13th great-grandchild, and is set to be the first one born since the death of Elizabeth II. READ MORE: Royal Family have 'pulled a blinder' as Harry and Meghan 'plan' fails This baby news comes almost two years after Eugenie gave birth to August on February 9 2021. Baby August was delivered by Eugenie at Portland Hospital in London - where Sarah Ferguson gave birth to both her daughters three decades ago. While Eugenie holds a full royal title, little August did not receive either a title or an HRH style as he was born down the female line of the Royal Family. Eugenie's baby announcement comes after the Princess made an appearance at the World Economic Forum in Davos to champion the fight against climate change. During a discussion with Reuters IMPACT and Arctic Humanity at Risk Basecamp, a non-profit organisation putting the spotlight on the impact that climate change is having on the Arctic, Eugenie explained how she has made significant changes in her life to safeguard the planet, always bearing in mind her son and future generations. She said: "My son's going to be an activist from two years old, which is in a couple of days. So, he, everything is for them. "I talked to Peter Thomson, the UN Special Envoy for Oceans and all he says to me is that I do this for my grandchildren. And that's the same. "Every decision we now make has to be for whether August, what he's going to be able to look at and do and how he's going to live his life. "But I think also as a mother, you all of a sudden, totally you change, your hormones change, everything changes. Like now I'm scared of flying and things like that and I would never be before." Eugenie made an appearance in the UK alongside Jack on Christmas Day, as the pair took part in the traditional walkabout with other members of the Royal Family. Led by Queen Camilla and King Charles, Eugenie and Jack walked next to Prince Andrew, Edoardo and Princess Beatrice to St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham. Following the morning service, Eugenie stopped to speak with some royal fans gathered outside of the chapel and received flowers.