Aries A joint project that isn’t going very well can be improved with a little divergent thinking. A journey is on the cards. This may be with the family or linked with job responsibilities. Either way, this is your chance to explore unfamiliar landscapes. Taurus Your boss or a senior colleague is being overly critical or disparaging. Unless they change their ways, you will be looking for another job. Working around the clock is starting to take a toll on your health. People take your hard working nature too much for granted. Gemini A minor mistake or accident will cause those in power to look at ways of improving safety. Expect to be asked for your views and suggestions. Someone in a leadership role has not been making good decisions and many people will wonder how they are going to move on from this.  Cancer A cautious approach is recommended in legal, professional and financial matters. Analyse situations carefully before making important decisions. Go through contracts with a fine-toothed comb before signing dotted lines. Confused communications will cause problems. Take advice from experts who are successful in their field. Leo You thought you had had the last word regarding family plans for the future. Others think differently. Housemates will keep trying to reopen discussions in the hope you will change your mind. You are all clear: a decision has been made and that is final. Virgo You haven’t given yourself much time to finish a job but there are so many other things you have to do. Your mind is already on the dozen or so other things that need your attention. Is someone justified in commenting about you cutting too many corners?   Libra You seem to have no choice but to keep up with joint financial commitments on your own. A partner will be unable to put in their share for a short while due to a change in their income. Remind yourself that if your positions were reversed, they would do the same for you. Scorpio Plans the family is making for a day’s trip or a weekend break by the sea fill you with happy anticipation. One way to wipe out the possibility of confusion in the workplace is to be honest and open in all your dealings even if the response you give is not the one others are hoping for. Sagittarius Something you are told could be interpreted in a few different ways. Let other people explain themselves before you react. Appearances are half the battle. Nervousness could make a person appear aloof or unfriendly. Give them the benefit of the doubt.    Capricorn Leave it to someone else to take care of problematic areas. Don’t let them rope you into helping out. You are always too helpful and obliging and it will do you good to break out of this pattern. Start thinking about your own responsibilities and catch up with work put aside during your busier times. Aquarius Believe in yourself and believe in your dreams. You can bring a special aim about if you put your mind to it. If you keep thinking it isn’t possible you are setting yourself up for failure. Although you aren’t likely to achieve success overnight, you can do this. Pisces There is a brittle atmosphere in the family. You’ve always been sensitive to other people’s feelings and because of this you may need some time away from home. This will help you get a recent argument in perspective. There’s nothing stopping you from suggesting taking a day out with a friend. 