Amanda Mealing, 55, has weighed in on Prince Harry’s, 38, claim that he was “knocked to the floor” by his brother Prince William, 40, in a physical altercation. In his new memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex recounts an alleged fight between him and the Prince of Wales, which ended with him falling on the dog’s bowl. The impact from the fall made the bowl crack under Harry’s back, producing cuts on his body, according to an excerpt seen by the Guardian. Amanda Mealing has taken to Twitter to share her views on the explosive claims in view of her 60,000 followers. The Casualty star revealed her doubts about Harry feeling “intimidated” by his “lanky” brother after undergoing extensive training to become a helicopter fighter pilot. Amanda tweeted: “SERIOUSLY???? A VETERAN HELICOPTER FIGHTER PILOT INTIMIDATED BY LANKY OLDER BROTHER AND A DOG BOWL?!?!" READ MORE: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' The TV star added the hashtags: “#BrothersScrap #NoPressPlease #HRH #HarryReallyHurt” Amanda’s enquiry sparked a debate among other Twitter users, who took to the tweet’s replies to discuss the matter. Mr_Goomantash responded: "If it wasn't expected.. and from a loved one. That can be just as traumatic. “Why does him being a fighter pilot mean an assault is any less serious. Problematic view point imo. Disappointed.” Amanda insisted: “I don’t want to get into a dispute with you and yes, it may have been traumatic/unexpected but has Harry said what action he took? “It takes two to fight. Siblings often do. The fighter pilot reference was to highlight the intense and often unexpected violence that he trained for.” Disheartened_gy responded to Amanda’s original question: “Not normally no, it’s usually an automatic reaction with good training to defend without thinking.” In the excerpts, Harry claimed he went to his therapist first after an alleged physical assault by Prince William, not his wife Meghan. DONT MISS: Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [PHOTOS]Jeremy Renner ‘ran over leg’ and ‘lost a lot of blood’ - new details [NEWS]Earth, Wind & Fire drummer Fred White has died aged 67 [LATEST] Meghan was left “terribly sad” by the exchange, the leaked excerpt from the book claims to reveal, according to the aforementioned publication. In their argument, Harry says he accused William of repeating press narratives surrounding Meghan, which he responded to by “shouting”. The Duke then offered William a glass of water, but he says this was rejected, and the Prince of Wales “set down the water” before “coming at” Harry. Harry said: “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. “I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” He went on to claim that William urged him not to tell his wife, with the Prince of Wales allegedly saying: “You don’t need to tell Meg about this.” However, when she did see the “scrapes and bruises” on his back, and he told her about the alleged assault, her response was not one of anger. Harry wrote that she “wasn’t that surprised, and wasn’t all that angry. She was terribly sad". Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace told the BBC they would not comment on Prince Harry's claims.