Novak Djokovic will go up against Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Australian Open final on Sunday hoping to draw level with Rafael Nadal on 22 Grand Slam titles. However, the Serb would already have scaled those heights and more had he not lost 11 times in finals in the past. So Express Sport will now take a look at the five men Tsitipas will be hoping to emulate when they lock horns at the Rod Laver Arena. Many regard Roger Federer to be the best tennis player of all time, even though he’s now third on a list of Grand Slam winners. But Djokovic has lost just once to the Swiss in a major over the years. That was way back in 2007, when Federer was in his prime and Djokovic’s sensational career was only just starting out. Federer won 7-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the US Open final that year - claiming a 12th Grand Slam title in the process. Djokovic has got his revenge ever since, however, beating the Swiss maestro in four Grand Slam titles over the years - with the last coming at Wimbledon in 2019. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Nadal - the reigning Australian Open champion - is the man Djokovic will be hoping to emulate when he steps out onto the court on Sunday morning. And the Spaniard became the second man to stop the Serb in a Grand Slam final when he got the better of him at the US Open in 2010, winning 6-5, 5-7, 6-4, 6-2. Nadal has also proven to be Djokovic’s bogeyman over the years, too. The 36-year-old has beaten his rival four more times in Grand Slam finals since that US Open triumph, with three of them coming at the French Open. Djokovic did, however, win three finals in a row against Nadal between 2011 and 2012. Sir Andy Murray is a shadow of the player he once was, even if he can still offer some moments of magic. And, in his prime, he was able to overcome Djokovic on multiple stages. He got the better of the Serb at the US Open in 2012, winning a memorable five-set clash 7-6, 7-5, 2-6, 3-6, 6-2. And Murray was also able to overcome Djokovic at Wimbledon in 2013, too. Djokovic, however, was still able to beat the Scot in four Grand Slam finals prior to Murray’s injury woes preventing him from seriously competing for the biggest trophies on offer. Stan Wawrinka was once touted as the man to challenge the likes of Djokovic, Nadal and Federer for Grand Slam supremacy. And out of his three triumphs, two were against Djokovic. He battled his way to French Open glory in 2015, winning 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 to secure the trophy against all odds. Then, the following year, he won 6-7(1), 6-4, 7-5, 6-3 at the US Open. Wawrinka also won the Australian Open in 2014, beating an injury-hit Nadal to etch his name into tennis folklore. Daniil Medvedev was able to rock the world when he beat Djokovic at the US Open in 2021. It was an emphatic display from the Russian, who reigned supreme in straight sets in New York. And he was the last man to beat Djokovic in a Grand Slam final, too. Djokovic met Nick Kyrgios at this stage at Wimbledon last year following the withdrawal of Nadal through injury. And despite going a set down, he was able to battle his way to a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 victory.