The majority of the Brits believe that Prince Harry should be invited to attend King Charles’ coronation, a survey has found. According to the latest Ipsos poll conducted for the London Evening Standard, two-thirds of Britons think the Duke should attend the ceremony at Westminster Abbey in May.  It suggested that 30 percent of the public disagree and think he should stay away after the highly personal and potentially damaging revelations made about members of his family in his autobiography. The poll found a striking age gap between those who support the Duke’s invitation to his father’s celebrations and those who do not. The 55 and over age group was almost split in half, with 42 percent against his attendance and 47 percent in favour of it. On the other hand, three-quarters of 18 to 34-year-olds were in favour of the Duke attending, as well as the majority, 65 percent of 35 to 54-year-olds.   The survey comes at the time when Prince Harry’s latest memoir Spare has sparked several controversies due to the statements made by the Duke of Sussex. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have declined to address the allegations the Duke levelled against other members of the family in 'Spare'. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Telegraph, the Duke demanded that his family apologise to the Duchess of Sussex, saying: “Because you know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean and then we could all move on.” However, the memoir has had little impact on the reputation of the Royal family overall, despite the controversies, with 53 percent saying they feel favourable towards the family and 51 percent favourable towards the King. READ MORE: Prince Harry could return to UK for wedding of 'unofficial best man'  Gideon Skinner, of Ipsos UK, said: “Despite not being as popular as he once was, most Britons still think Harry should be invited to the Coronation in May, which suggests some hope for reconciliation.” King Charles III's coronation will take place on Saturday 6 May 2023 at Westminster Abbey in London. During the ceremony, the King will be crowned alongside Camilla, the Queen Consort. DON'T MISS:Oil giants slammed for making ‘obscene’ £160b profit  [INSIGHT]Jeremy Hunt ‘gave a lecture, not a plan’, claims finance expert  [SPOTLIGHT]Jeremy Hunt pledges to boost business in interest of UK [REVEAL] Buckingham Palace has announced various events for the weekend, including a concert and laser light show at Windsor Castle on Sunday. The King will be crowned with the solid gold 17th Century St Edward's Crown. It is exceptionally heavy and only used at the moment of crowning, and was also worn by Queen Elizabeth at her own coronation.  