A Maryland man has been handed a 25-year prison sentence for the murder of a mother of four that went unsolved for decades. Howard Jackson Bradberry Jr., 64, was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison by Howard County Circuit Court Judge Richard Bernhardt after he entered an Alford plea in July to a second-degree murder charge over the killing of 28-year-old Laney Lee McGadney in 1982, according to a press release. An Alford plea allows a defendant to maintain his or her innocence but acknowledges that prosecutors have sufficient evidence to secure a conviction. McGadney, a mother of four, was seen by witnesses being abducted as she walked to the grocery store in Columbia, Maryland. Her body was discovered hours later in a vacant lot. Investigators say McGadney was raped and stabbed to death. Police collected evidence from the scene but were unable to determine a suspect, and the case went cold for decades. READ MORE: 'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho murder house as chilling new details emerge Investigators from the Howard County Police Department recently revisited the evidence, and in 2021, they were able to link Bradberry to the scene using DNA from items discarded at the scene. "The brutal murder of Laney Lee McGadney fractured her family beyond repair and for 40 years there were very little leads in the case with no one being held responsible for her senseless killing," State’s Attorney Rich Gibson said in the press release. "I want to thank Howard County police and our prosecutors for working so diligently on this case. We know today’s sentencing cannot bring back the matriarch of this family, but we do hope it provides some much-needed closure for her 4 kids, 22 grandchildren and 4 great-grandchildren knowing Bradberry will spend the rest of his life in prison for the innocent life he took and heinous crime he committed." At the time of the crime, witnesses described a white male with long hair and a bandana forcefully grabbing the victim and dragging her into a brown Ford LTD. DON'T MISSBiden clamps down on border crossings as pressure mounts [REPORT]California storm set to bring misery to state in coming days [LATEST]New details emerge about suspected Idaho killer [INSIGHT] About three hours later, McGadney’s body turned up in a vacant lot in a cul-de-sac we know today as Water Lilly Way. According to charging documents, she had been raped, stabbed and her throat had been slashed. Detectives found little evidence at the scene except for some napkins with bodily fluids near the victim. Her killer eluded police for almost 40 years. READ MORE: Joe Biden offers condolences for 'tragic shooting' after Utah man massacres family It comes weeks after investigators cracked a Florida cold case from 1994. Eighty-nine-year-old Lillian DeCloe was brutally murdered after she was strangled and sexually assaulted while she was at her Pompano Beach home. For almost 30 years, her family has had no closure not knowing who killed their loved one. This family is now breathing a sigh of relief after learning who the murderer was. The Broward Sheriff’s Office spoke to the media to announce that they have found DeCloe’s murderer and that the case is now closed. At the time, detectives thought this was a case of a simple burglary. The crime would go unsolved for close to 30 years. DeCloe’s niece, June Nicholas, would be the one to find her after she was killed. “It was that bad,” she said. “I would lay in my bed, and I would see her on the floor.” The case was reopened in 2019, and a nightgown that had semen on it was re-tested with technology that has greatly improved over the years. BSO teamed up with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and were able to tie the new findings to a man called Johnny Mack Brown. The new technology is able to connect DNA with that of family members that are already in that database. The DNA results led them to a man, which then led them to Brown, which was his father.