Prince Harry has launched a series of allegations at members of the Royal Family in his soon-to-be-released autobiography, Spare, following leaked excerpts from the book, accidentally put on sale in Spain. Among those the Duke of Sussex has been critical of include his brother Prince William, who he claims physically attack him, and Queen Camilla, who he said had not attempted to forge a bond with him when she began dating his father, King Charles III. Buckingham Palace has not commented on the allegations in the bombshell book, which is due for publication in Britain next week. Some have appeared to question the Royal Family's decision not to publicly speak about the remarks, like Jonny Dymond, the BBC's royal correspondent, who noted in an analysis piece that any other public outfit would have by now released a statement. Harry reportedly voiced how frustrated he and his wife Meghan became when it was made impossible for them to tell their side of their story while inside the walls of royal life. Mr Dymond wrote that according to the Duke of Sussex, those in Buckingham Palace's corridors of power were "undermining them" by not defending them in public. JUST IN: Carol Vorderman in tears over Prince Harry sex revelation The BBC journalist continued: "If this were an allegation made against a government department, a political party, a business or a football team in the public eye, a response would be expected. "The lack of any response or denial would be taken by many as an admission that the allegation was true. So is it true that the office of William and Catherine briefed against Harry and his wife? No comment, says the palace." The motto has been referenced by the likes of Harry and Camilla before, including the former who discussed it during a 2023 interview on US chat show 60 Minutes to publicise his new memoir, set to air on Sunday, January 8. He told host Anderson Cooper: "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto... [Buckingham Palace] will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit [INSIGHT]Taliban tell Harry his 'atrocities will not be forgotten' [LATEST]Harry told 'ball is in his court' after royals offer four olive branch [ANALYSIS]   "But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting." In 2017, Camilla told The Times that she was brought up by her parents to "never complain, never explain... just get on with it". Other highlights to emerge from Spare include the claim that he and William both pleaded with Charles to not marry Camilla, as well as his use of illegal drugs aged 17, and keeping a tally of how many people he killed while fighting in Afghanistan. In total, Harry said he killed 25 people during his stints with the British Army. Detailing the number could lead people to "take revenge" on Harry, retired commander Richard Kemp warned on the BBC.  Katie Nicholl, Vanity Fair's royal correspondent, also spoke out after details from the book were made public, claiming that Harry had "sold out" in order to secure a huge deal with publisher Penguin Random House. She said: "There was a huge amount of money at stake and if you're going to take a multi-million dollar book advance then you're going to have to spill the beans. "And I'm afraid that's what Harry has done in return for the big bucks, I mean the short answer is he sold out." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.