The necklace features a long chain with a huge cross-shaped pendant, called the Atallah Cross. Adorned with amethysts and diamonds, the jewel was expected to sell for up to £120,000, but was bought for a huge £163,800 by Kim Kardashian yesterday, January 18. The Atallah Cross necklace was one of Princess Diana's more unique pieces - she shocked those in royal circles when she donned it in the 1980s, due to its quirky characteristics. On October 27, 1987, Diana attended a London charity gala in an Elizabethan-style black and burgundy dress, featuring a high neck ruff and the dramatic pendant. It was a prime example of the late Princess' experimental fashion sense - she was unafraid of wearing what she wanted and going against royal sartorial norms. Ramsay Atallah - whose father, Naim Atallah, owned the necklace - said: "Few people could carry this piece off but Diana really could. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal "When I was growing up, we’d always have it on the table for Christmas lunch, but it was never worn by anyone other than Diana and it hasn’t been seen in public since she died." Ramsay explained that his father was a friend of Diana's and he would occasionally lend her the piece. The jewel is now one of the few pieces worn by Diana to ever be sold at auction. Kristian Spofforth, head of jewellery at Sotheby's, said: "It’s a standout piece in its own right, but with Princess Diana having worn it, it truly becomes an iconic piece of jewellery. "Twenty-five years after her death, people still talk about Princess Diana all the time." Bidding for the piece opened on January 6, with a guide price of £80,000 to £120,000. Despite being "a truly amazing price that attests to the power of royalty", its selling price, £168,800, "way surpasses the inherent value of the jewel", according to Tobias Kormind, managing director of 77 Diamonds, Europe's largest jewellers. He continued: "But the fact it's a Garrard jewel from the 1920s, and the fact so few of Diana's jewels have ever come to auction, have rendered it much more alluring. "At 77 Diamonds we would charge under £7,000 to remake something in a similar style to this pendant in our Mayfair workshop. "Jewellery with illustrious royal associations has a history of attracting handsome prices at auction. In November 2021, a pair of diamond bracelets hidden by French Queen Marie Antoinette to keep them safe during the French Revolution, sold at Christie’s Geneva for £7.04million, rocketing past the pre-sale estimate. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry "Given how topical the royals are at the moment, the Attallah Cross pendant sold by Sotheby's has succeeded in capturing the zeitgeist around Princess Diana." Tobias added that the necklace "reflects Diana’s enduring legacy and a public, if occasionally complex, love affair with the people’s Princess". In October 1987, Diana wore the pendant to a charity ball in aid of Birthright, the women's health charity of which she became patron in 1984. The event was held at former crown jeweller Garrard’s premises on Regent Street, and so the Atallah Cross was a suitable choice given that it was created by Garrard. Vivienne Becker, author and jewellery historian, explained that the jewel "demonstrated how Princess Diana wore her jewellery with a mix of reverence and playfulness, and more than a nod to fashion as we saw in her mischievous way of wearing both precious and costume jewellery". She added: "The size and impact of this cross, worn unusually on a long necklace, also hints at Madonna’s 1980s style, and at star quality. "Added to this, the amethysts make reference to royalty - amethysts were traditionally associated with both clergy and with royalty." The purple of the amethysts went well with the deep purple of Diana's Catherine Walker dress - a designer she wore much of in the 1980s.