Jeremy Hunt has pledged to boost business in the interests of Britain’s “long-term prosperity”, adding that tax cuts for businesses should be prioritised over those for workers. Speaking to The Times, Mr Hunt said that “his focus was to reduce the burden of taxation on companies as soon as inflation was brought under control.”  He added that while cutting business taxes may not be “eye-catching” for voters, people wanted the government to have a plan to make the UK “prosperous and successful”. Sharing his vision to bolster the economic growth, he encouraged older workers back into the job market. He added that life for those who decide to retire in their fifties “doesn’t just have to be about going to the golf course”. In an appeal to more than three million over-50s who are “economically inactive”, the Chancellor said the Government wanted to make clear that “your country needs you.”   Mr Hunt told the publication: “Many of those people who decide to retire in their fifties will have a life expectancy well beyond 80. “That is a very long time in which a rich and happy life could be one in which work plays a very important part.” The Chancellor also appealed to teachers, who will be joining nurses and ambulance workers in their industrial action to rethink the strike next week. He said: “It’s not helping anyone to harm our children’s education. READ MORE: Do you trust Jeremy Hunt to unleash full potential of Brexit? POLL  “Education is one of the most important things we can do if we want to improve our skills, improve our productivity, improve people’s real wages in future.” He suggested that Government departments would not be given additional money to help resolve pay disputes, meaning that they would have to make cuts to cover the cost of any pay rises. He added: “If we are going to solve the industrial tensions the only long-term way is to bring down inflation so that people don’t get angry about increases in the cost of living.” Defending his focus on tackling rising costs, Hunt said that inflation was “just too high” with core prices excluding fuel, food and tobacco still at about six per cent. In his list of five promises to the nation, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak vowed to halve inflation this year. DON'T MISS:North Korea behind $100 million US crypto theft last year [REVEAL]Truck-size asteroid to make ‘extraordinarily close approach’ to Earth [INSIGHT]Lockheed Martin all set to meet F-16s demand  [SPOTLIGHT] Hunt added: “I think we have to recognise that the battle to bring down inflation is far from over. “When we say we’re sticking to that path it’s not because of delight at the accountancy benefits or the lower inflation rate. “It’s because it means ordinary people will have more money in their pockets at the end of the month.” 