The Australian Open has an extreme heat policy that tournament organisers will be hoping does not need to be used at this year's event. Melbourne can get incredibly hot in January, with nine players notably forced to retire from their first round matches in 2014 after temperatures reached almost 44 degrees celsius. Following criticism of their policy, the rules were revised and a Heat Stress Scale from 1-5 began being used by organisers in 2019. The scale measures the strength of the sun, temperature in the shade, humidity and wind speed and if it hits a 4.0, there will be a 10-minute break after the third set in men's singles matches, a 10-minute break between the second and third sets in women’s and junior singles matches and a 15-minute break in wheelchair singles matches. If it hits a 5.0, matches can be suspended by the tournament referee. Speaking earlier this month, tournament director Craig Tiley rejected suggestions the Australian Open should be rescheduled due to concerns over the heat and tennis' busy calendar. JUST IN: Russian flag on show at Aus Open as Ukraine ambassador wants action "I thought it was absolutely ridiculous, a bizarre claim," Tiley said. "You talk to every player, this is the season. It starts in January, it starts here in Australia. "It finishes with Davis Cup late on the men's side and not as late on the women's side but I do think it's a long season. "We've been talking about that for a long time, but Australia is the summer, Australia is January and this event is - from the players' perspective - one of their favourite places to play. They're coming here earlier, we're now seeing players here for six weeks, for seven weeks and the preparation for the Australian summer is very normalised. DON'T MISSInside Becker's 'brutal' jail time as German returns to TV at Aus OpenNovak Djokovic makes short statement after moving Aus Open practiceDraper shows class as Brit explains reason he didn't retire to Nadal "They know what they need to do." Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic are among the favourites to win the men's singles title, having won the previous two editions. Nadal, who won his second Australian Open title last year, beat Jack Draper 7-5 2-6 6-4 6-1 to advance to the second round where he will face Mackenzie McDonald. Djokovic, meanwhile, is hoping to win a record tenth Australian Open title and will take on Roberto Carballés Baena in the first round on Tuesday.