The Family Pile sees four larger-than-life sisters forced to come together after the loss of their parents. They work together to pack up their house and sell it on, all the while remembering their memories with their mum and dad. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Family Pile on ITV. The Family Pile will be making its debut on Tuesday, January 17, at 9.30pm on ITV. The sitcom is going to consist of six episodes in total with a new instalment coming out in the same time slot every Tuesday night. So the final episode is going to be ready to watch on Tuesday, February 21, on ITV. But there is an alternative if you don't want to wait more than a month to find out what happens. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Once the initial episode airs, the box set of The Family Pile will be released on the channel's streaming service ITVX. This means there is no need to worry if you do happen to miss an episode or two as they'll all be available on the platform. ITVX is a free streamer but it does require subscribers to register their email addresses. Once viewers are given the go-ahead, they can access a library of shows from ITV like Coronation Street, Love Island, A Spy Among Friends and A Murder in the Family. Set in Liverpool, one of the leading ladies in the comedy is actress Amanda Abbington who is behind the eldest sibling Nicole. Abbington is best known for playing Miss Mardle in Mr Selfridge and Mary Watson in Sherlock on BBC One. Her younger siblings are Yvette who is played by Downton Abbey's Clare Calbrait and Ursula is played by Claire Keelan, who featured in The Trip. The youngest of the sisters is former Coronation Street actress Alexandra Mardell. DON'T MISS...EastEnders proposal and exit as Lily Slater's pregnancy rocks Walford [EXIT]Phillip Schofield left flustered as guest walks off This Morning  [VIDEO]Emmerdale's David Metcalfe loses control as he kidnaps young child [SPOILER] Abbington previously opened up to What to Watch about what made The Family Pile appeal to her. She said: "The scripts really made me laugh and I’d worked with the director Fergal Costello on a recent sci-fi show I did, We Are Not Alone and thought he was amazing. "Then when I saw that Clare and Claire had been cast, that was it. "I’ve always loved their work so the opportunity to play one of their sisters was fantastic." In the first episode, the four sisters have some major life changes to navigate following the loss of both their parents. Nicole puts the house up for sale but her siblings aren't exactly thrilled about the situation. She starts showing some prospective buyers around the property but is stunned when she finds her sister in an uncompromising position midway through the tour. The Family Pile premieres on Tuesday, January 17. at 9.30pm on ITV.