The US Secretary of State said that the war in Ukraine is likely to "go on for some time" and urged allies of Kyiv to increase military aid. Antony Blinken said that "ferocious" fighting was continuing in eastern Ukraine but that it was vital that Kyiv was given the military resources to recapture the territories under Russian occupation.  He said: "I anticipate that this will unfortunately go on for some time. "But we're determined together… to make sure the Ukrainians have what they need to regain what they have lost and to deal with the Russian aggression. "That hasn't changed." Mr Cleverly travelled to Washington DC for talks with Mr Blinken about the war and spoke alongside his US counterpart in an attempt to encourage Western leaders to increase their support for Ukraine.  With reference to the 14 Challenger 2 tanks that the UK has sent to Ukraine, Mr Cleverley said it was vital to provide the "right equipment at the right time" in order to help the Ukrainian military effort. Speaking to Washington based thinktank, he said that supplying the Challenger tanks to Ukraine was a way of bringing the war to a conclusion. He said: "This war has been dragging on for a long time already. "And now is the time to bring it to a conclusion.  READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow "We should look to bring it to a conclusion quickly, the conclusion has to be Ukrainian victory. "And that dictates therefore that we need to intensify our support at this point in time." The Foreign Secretary also added that Britain and other allies of Kyiv had a "moral imperative" to do so because “it will cost so much more in human lives and so much more in money, if we allow this to be a long, drawn out attritional war." Mr Cleverly also added that the west needed to "stick with" Ukraine in order to stand up to Russian aggression.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine MP says peace only possible when Putin ‘cannot afford war' [REVEAL] Alarming footage shows horse being whipped during cart race [INSIGHT] Putin reeling as Kremlin forced to deny Wagner Group rift [SPOTLIGHT] He also added that it was clear that Russian President Vladimir Putin believed that Russian stoicism could outlast the west and wanted to continue an attritional conflict in order to drain western support for Ukraine. He said: "What Putin should understand is we are going to have the strategic endurance to stick with them until the job is done and the best thing that he can do to preserve the lives of his own troops is to recognise that." Mr Cleverly also added that Britain had decided to send the Challenger tanks to Ukraine as “what we recognise they need is the ability to push back hard in the east and in the south” in areas under Russian occupation. 