Attendance Allowance is one of the payments from the DWP which is reserved for those of state pension age. Through this support, claimants are able to receive additional financial assistance to pay for the extra costs from having a long-term health condition or illness. However, those on Attendance Allowance have a responsibility to share important life changes which could affect how much they receive. There are a multitude of reasons why an Attendance Allowance claimant will need to report circumstance changes to the Government department. This includes if the amount of help someone needs or their condition changes for the better or worse. If someone goes into hospital or a care home, they will have to share this information with the DWP. In any situation where a pensioner leaves the country for more than four weeks, this will be included as a life change which needs to be reported. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Any state pensioner who has to go into prison will need to share that information with the DWP beforehand. Claimants who change their name, address or bank details must update this information through the proper channels. If a doctor’s details change or someone changes medical practices, this is also considered a noticeable life change. When an Attendance Allowance recipient’s immigration status changes or they are not a British citizen anymore, the DWP has to be told. This payment is delivered at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are handed out depending on someone’s situation. Those of state pension age can claim £92.40 a week if they are entitled to the higher amount or £61.85 if they are eligible for the lower equivalent. Someone who is suffering a severe health condition or illness could therefore get up to £369.60 monthly from Attendance Allowance. It should be noted that to receive this benefit, pensioners must have needed support for at least six months. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly On the Government’s website, the DWP emphasises that someone is eligible for this support if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. As such, someone’s circumstances could affect how much they are eligible to claim from the DWP. How much money someone gets from Attendance Allowance is dependent on the “severity” of their condition, according to the Government department. Queries over claims or reporting changes can be made by calling the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. On its website, Citizens Advice provides guidance for claimants looking for help on reporting life changes. The charity stated: “Once you know about a change that might affect the amount of Attendance Allowance you get, tell the DWP as soon as you can. “The change might increase your payment and you might miss out on extra money if you tell the DWP late. “You should still tell the DWP if you think a change might reduce your Attendance Allowance - you won't save money by reporting it later. If you tell the DWP late you could get paid too much and have to pay your benefits back to the DWP.”