Will Mellor, 46, looked back on his first interview after missing out on the Strictly Come Dancing final, where he admitted he had been “hard on myself.” The Coronation Street star spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk before the launch of the show’s live tour at Birmingham’s Utilita Arena last week. Will candidly confessed that he is a “perfectionist” in his career, which in turn, influences the quality of his performances on Strictly. He said: “I’ve always been a perfectionist in my career. Since I started out, I wanted to be the best version of me as I can. "If I dip from that, it's only me to blame, so I'm hard on myself. "But that makes me driven to be the best I can be, and I think it's not a bad thing.” But while he credits his drive for his professional success, Will also admitted he wants to start being “easier on myself”. He explained how his professional dance partner, Nancy Xu, had been helping him take it easy with his progress during his dance journey. Will added: “I have to learn to be easier on myself, and what this lady next to me [Nancy] taught me is: 'Mondays and Tuesdays are rehearsals where you just learn the dance, so give yourself time'. "Because I used to be beating myself up because I couldn't get it. I wanted to learn it now, so [she said] 'Give yourself time, you don't know it yet!'. "So, she has taught me a lot and the show has taught me a lot but I will always be critical of myself because I think that's how you find the best version of you, no matter what that is." During his exit interview last month, Will reflected on the harsh comments he had received from the judges, who gave them 32 points for their first dance of the night, the Paso Doble. This low score meant that even if they received a perfect 40 for their Couple’s Choice, they would have remained at the bottom of the leaderboard. Speaking on It Takes Two, Will said: “I’m just human and anybody who meets me, you get to meet me - I don’t have another person I can put on. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' [NEWS] “I was disappointed because I worked so hard and we got so far in the competition and the last thing I wanted to do was get it wrong that night.” “It was a great dance,” host Rylan Clark remarked and Will agreed: “From what the judges said I beat myself up and I’ve watched it back and I was too hard on myself. “I’ve always said what I really care about is making sure [Nancy] is happy and if she’s happy then I’m happy.” “It wasn’t as bad as they sort of made out,” the TV star added. After watching a compilation of their best bits, Will and Nancy were both seen wiping tears from their eyes. Host Rylan said: “Guys it’s been so lovely watching your journey I can see clearly how emotional the pair of you are. “Will you’ve gone on so much, and rightly so, [about] how much your family have been supporting you and there’s one little Strictly surprise from us.” “Don’t do it to me,” Will replied, as he became overcome with emotion while a message of support from his wife and children aired.