Following in her father's footsteps, the singer-songwriter reportedly suffered from heart complications. It was on Thursday morning when Lisa fell ill at her home in Calabasas, Southern California. Her 77-year-old mother, Priscilla, said in a statement: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss." According to TMZ, Lisa suffered from a cardiac arrest, which is when the heart suddenly stops working. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) highlights the key signs of a cardiac arrest, in which a person will collapse suddenly and be unconscious, unresponsive, and not breathing normally. "Without immediate treatment, the person will die," the BHF warns. "If you see someone having a cardiac arrest, phone 999 immediately and start CPR." READ MORE: Dementia treatment could be on the way as scientists find way to replace brain cells  What leads to a cardiac arrest? The BHF says "a cardiac arrest is caused by a dangerous abnormal heart rhythm, which happens when the electrical system in the heart isn't working properly". Certain conditions can lead to abnormal heart rhythms, such as: Other causes of a cardiac arrest include: The main difference between a heart attack and cardiac arrest Elvis died from a heart attack, which the BHF describes as a "circulation problem". A heart attack occurs when the blood supply to the heart muscle is restricted, which is often caused by a blood clot in one of the arteries. Meanwhile, a cardiac arrest is considered an "electrical" issue whereby the heart stops working. Aside from death, there can be extreme health complications following a cardiac arrest. READ MORE: The popular drink that could increase mouth cancer risk - labelled 'carcinogenic' by NHS After effects can include permanent brain injury, problems with speech and language, or personality changes. Can you reduce your risk of a cardiac arrest? To help minimise the risk of a cardiac arrest, adhering to a healthy lifestyle is recommended. A healthy lifestyle involves eating a healthy diet, being a non-smoker, drinking alcohol only moderately (or not at all), being physically active and taking any prescribed medication. The BHF adds: "You’re able to get an NHS Health Check for your risk of heart disease, kidney disease, stroke and other issues if you live in England." The NHS Health check involves a health practitioner taking note of your height and weight. Your blood pressure would also be taken, and a blood test for cholesterol, blood sugar, and liver function will be taken. "You'll be given a cardiovascular disease risk score, which is an estimate of how likely you are to get heart disease or have a stroke in the next 10 years," the NHS says. "You'll also find out your possible risk of developing kidney disease and diabetes."