The 73-year-old business executive has starred as Lord Sugar's The Apprentice aide on and off since 2015. Series 17 premiered on BBC One last week and showed both Karren Brady and Claude Littner joining the cast as usual as the business magnate's advisors. However, it's been confirmed that Claude had to step down after episode one due to a health condition. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, close friend Karren gave an update on Claude's health. In last year's series, the first winner of the BBC entrepreneur show, Tim Campbell, stepped in to replace Claude after an injury left him unable to participate in the series. Sadly, health issues would once again render Claude unable to fully be a part of The Apprentice's 17th series. Tim once again stood in for Claude, working alongside Karren in assisting Alan with the weekly tasks. Speaking to the press, Alan stated: "Obviously it's been a great journey starting with [aide from 2005 to 2014 ] Nick Hewer and then Claude. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event "Unfortunately, Claude suffered some medical issues and so I was asked to think of someone else, and who better than somebody who's actually been through the process?" It was confirmed that, thankfully, the first episode won't be the last viewers see of Claude in the series. He will also be in episode 11 - the interviews. Claude frequently partakes in the gruelling annual episode which sees the contestants' business plans metaphorically ripped to shreds by industry experts. Later, Karren elaborated further on Claude's recovery. "Yes, he's really in good health," the business executive commented. "I spoke to him last week, he is in good health and feeling great. He obviously comes back to the interviews." When probed about whether Claude will be back for next year's confirmed series, Karren seemed hopeful. "Potentially," she responded. "It's entirely, I would imagine, up to him and how he's feeling." DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise teases exit for Neville Parker over Sophie romance [LATEST]BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh pleads 'can't do it' as fans 'feel sick' over challenge [REACTION] Karren went on to detail her close friendship with Lord Sugar. "I love helping young people, all the things Alan's passionate about I am too," the 53-year-old explained. "But actually, we have a lot of fun, right? We're all good friends. "We've spent a lot of time together, on and off the screen so to speak. "And [with] Alan, I always say friendship first, football second - because we both have different teams - and politics last because we have different parties, or we used to. "So we have a lot of fun. We really enjoy it. And it's like all friends coming together and just having a good time and having a lot of fun." During the conversations, Alan announced he has already agreed to film another two series of the BBC staple. Next year's 18th series will mark the 20th anniversary of the first-ever show. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.