Gordon Ramsay admitted he will not be tuning into the popular dating show as the famous chef is convinced one of his three daughters could make an appearance on Love Island. The TV legend, who is married to wife Tana Ramsay, is a doting father to his large family. Gordon and his wife Tana, who he married in 1996, have five children together. Megan, 23, Matilda, 20 (who's known as Tilly), twins Jack and Holly, 22 and two-year-old Oscar James. The couple's eldest was born in 1998 and their youngest in 2019. The 56-year-old opened up about his eldest daughters as he discussed his "turn-offs" in a candid new interview. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson shouted at by girlfriend as he 'takes time off' Speaking to Radio Times "And Love Island: thinking that, one day, one of my daughters is going to be on there without telling me." Gordon added: "I don’t watch, just in case." The TV chef's youngest daughter, Tilly, took part in Strictly Come Dancing in 2021.  It has since been rumoured the TV star will follow in his daughter's footsteps and take to the dancefloor. He commented: "I’m only 56! I’m desperate to learn how to dance. Having Tilly doing so well in that competition, training for two hours, studying for two hours, half-hour off, from 9am to 10 at night, all for a two-minute performance on Saturday… it was so impressive. "I would love to get on there. The dream line-up would be me and Louis Theroux. I’d meet him for that… If he does it, I’ll do." Elsewhere, the Hell's Kitchen star recently joked he and his wife Tana had "one more on the way" as he discussed parenthood with Heart FM's Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden earlier this month. DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update[LATEST]Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms[HEALTH]A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news'[INSTAGRAM] "Last time I looked it was five, but one more on the way!" Gordon replied. Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda was audibly shocked, as she gasped: "What?!" but the TV chef insisted: "Seriously!" He then continued with his big reveal, adding teasingly: "Tana’s jeans aren’t fitting her!" When a confused Amanda asked whether it was "Christmas or a baby", he backtracked a little, joking: "Do you know what, I don’t know yet. "I’ll double check when I get back. I’m going to Boots on the way back from here and I’ll double check." "Have you inadvertently just revealed something you weren’t meant to say?" Jamie chuckled in response. "Tana would like another baby and I’m like, 'no, no, no!'" Gordon elaborated. You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.