Seven people have been killed with more injured in a shooting at a synagogue in Jerusalem, according to an ambulance service in Israel. The gunman was shot and reportedly killed and a large police presence was at the scene in the Jewish neighbourhood of Neve Yaakov. The wounded included a 70-year-old who was in a critical condition. It comes after a deadly raid by the Israeli military yesterday that killed nine Palestinians in the occupied West Bank. A 10th was later killed north of Jerusalem. Earlier today Palestinians marched in anger as they buried the last of the people killed by Israeli fire. Hamas spokesperson Hazem Qassem said: "This operation is a response to the crime conducted by the occupation in Jenin and a natural response to the occupation's criminal actions", though he stopped short of claiming the attack. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad also praised but did not claim the attack.  The United States condemned the "apparent terrorist attack", with US State Department deputy spokesperson Vedant Patel said he did not expect changes to Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit to Israel next week. "This is absolutely horrific. Our thoughts, prayers and condolences go out to those killed by this heinous act of violence. We condemn this apparent terrorist attack in the strongest terms. Our commitment to Israel's security remains ironclad," he said. It is a "serious shooting attack, a very complicated attack", police chief Doron Turgeman tells reporters at the scene in Neve Yaakov. He added that the attacker "is a resident of East Jerusalem". READ MORE: Man arrested after car with child in back seat driven off   It happened in the city’s Neve Yaakov neighbourhood at around 20:15 local time (18:15 GMT). Israel's ambulance service reported 10 casualties in total. Calling the incident a terror attack, Israel's police department said the suspected attacker had been "neutralised”. Local media reports say the suspect was killed by security forces as he fled the scene. 