Not only can certain furniture make a home look cheap, painting your walls certain colours can have the same effect. Not only can they downgrade the overall style, some colours will actually make your home look cheap, and uninviting. What’s more, such colours can even lower the value of your home. So, before you transform your walls, these are the paint colours to “avoid” using in your home, according to Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at myjobquote.co.uk. While some shades of beige can offer warmth, experts advise against using brown in the walls of your home. Ryan said: “Dark browns and terracotta shades can make your home feel dark, dingy, and small. With this in mind, it’s best to avoid painting entire walls in this colour. “It’s okay to have a few accents of this colour in your decor. However, it shouldn’t rule any of your colour schemes.” Having brown or terracotta walls has been shown to even “lower the value of your house”, according to the pro, which isn’t great for those planning on selling their home soon. Instead, Ryan suggested: “It’s best to stick to warm neutrals or muted tones.” READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ The shade may be sunny and reflect happiness, but yellow is another colour to be avoided. Ryan said: “Although yellow is a very warm and sunny colour, it’s a colour that should be avoided if you don’t want your house to look cheap. “This highly saturated colour is very stimulating to your emotions, but not in a good way. Bright yellow can leave you feeling overstimulated, over-excited, anxious, or nervous.” The expert also noted that yellow is also “quite distracting” and can “overpower” the room. He added: “It can be very distracting, taking the attention away from other elements of the room. DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [COMMENT] For those who want to apply some yellow tones in their home, Ryan claimed that it’s best to choose just a feature wall or just a few home decor items. Green is known to be a very relaxing, natural, soothing colour. However, it’s best to “avoid moss greens and sage greens”, says the designer. He said: “These colours can make a room seem dark and dingy. Plus, these shades can also make the room feel much smaller than it actually is, which is never a good thing. “Instead, it’s best to choose pastel or muted greens. These alternative greens will help you to bring some life into the room and can help add some tranquillity to the space.” READ MORE: ‘Distasteful and off-putting’ living room mistakes to ‘avoid’ Vivid purple tones are known to be very stimulating colours. While this may be great for an office, it’s not really great for rooms around the home (unless you have a home office, of course). Ryan warned: “Deep purple is especially not great for the bedroom as it is known to bring on vivid dreams and can sometimes even induce nightmares. “Deep purple tones will work better as accent pieces around the room rather than the main wall paint colour.” However, for those who want to paint a room purple lighter versions of purple, such as lilac or lavender, are wonderful options to choose instead. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While some people love the idea of how neutral off-white or eggshell walls appear, Ryan noted that this can make a room appear “lifeless or flat”. He said: “Off-white and eggshell tones were once very popular. However, now they are becoming less popular as people have noticed that these tones make a room seem boring, lifeless, or flat. This is mainly due to the fact that these off tones don’t provide any vividness. “The lighting in the room can also make off-white colours appear lacklustre and cheap-looking. “Off-white colours can also decrease the value of your property. It’s better to choose a brighter white tone or a different colour altogether.” 