Chelsea look set to have one of the most action-packed transfer deadline days in recent memory with a host of deals in the pipeline at Stamford Bridge. Graham Potter has already overseen a radical overhaul of his squad with many more incomings and outgoings expected before the transfer window slams shut at 11pm tomorrow. Todd Boehly has already forked out over £182million over the course of the month but looks set to spend again and here Express Sport details the other business that could be in the pipeline before the close of play today. Enzo Fernandez record deal Even though the club have already spent an eye-watering £430m since Boehly's arrival last May, Chelsea look to be on the verge of the biggest deals in English football history. Reports suggest the club have agreed a £115m fee with Benfica for Enzo Fernandez. The Blues have pursued the 21-year-old since his impressive performances at the World Cup but it now appears he could finally make the move to west London. He would be one of the most eye-catching moves of the transfer window with a host of other clubs including Manchester United and Liverpool linked with his services at times over the course of the month. Moises Caicedo late bid Caicedo is another player that Chelsea have a long-held interest in with Potter keen to be reunited with his former Brighton star. The Blues have already seen a £55m bid for his services rejected this month and London rivals Arsenal appear to be in the driving seat for his signature after offering £70m on Sunday. However, with the Gunners weighing up whether or not to make another bid, there could be an opening for Chelsea. The Guardian reports that the club could make a 'late push' to sign him in the final hours of the window in what would have a transformational impact on Potter's midfielder. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Jorginho, Conor Gallagher and Hakim Ziyech could all leave The spectre of financial fair play regulations is growing ever stronger at Stamford Bridge with any incoming potentially dependent on moving some of their current stars on. The most eye-catching deal is that for Jorginho. The Italian is a target for Arsenal who see him as a potential alternative to Caicedo with some reports suggesting a deal is close. Conor Gallagher is another who could be on the move after Everton offered £45m for his signature. The player is not interested in playing at Goodison Park but could still depart with Newcastle, West Ham and Crystal Palace all interested in his services. Hakim Ziyech is one who appears to be very close to a switch. PSG are in advanced talks for the Moroccan playmaker who has fallen down the pecking order at the club. All three men are ones to keep a close eye on throughout the day with the club's incoming potentially reliant upon them.