Prince William and Kate Middleton will travel to Athens for the funeral of ex-Greek King Constantine II, reports have suggested. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall will likely join members from other Royal Families at the event. Constantine's nephew King Felipe of Spain and his wife Queen Letizia have been tipped for a visit. Sister-in-law Queen Margrethe of Denmark is also poised to be in attendance, according to MailOnline. Other blue-blooded continentals likely to attend include King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden, as well as Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands. Constantine II died of a stroke on January 10 at the age of 82, more than 50 years after being exiled in a military coup. JUST IN: Prince Harry given a roadmap to 'restore his reputation' after explosive memoir  The public funeral will see the King's widow, Queen Anne-Marie, attend. His son Crown Prince Pavlos, who is now the head of the former Greek Royal Family, will also be present. Athens' Orthodox Metropolitan Cathedral will host the funeral service on January 16. The burial is expected to take place in the Royal Cemetery at Tatoi Palace. READ MORE: Duchess blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release  There have also been some Greek media outlets reporting Princess Anne and Prince Edward could be in attendance. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace will not confirm if any members of the Firm will attend as the event is considered to be in a private capacity. Constantine was the Prince of Wales' godfather and was the late Duke of Edinburgh's first cousin. An official statement from his office on Wednesday confirmed his death. DON'T MISS:Iranian backed terror groups remain a threat to all Europe [LATEST]Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's titles 'have to be taken'  [REVEAL]  It said: "It is with deep sadness that the Royal Family announces that HM King Constantine, beloved husband, father, and brother, passed away yesterday, January 10, 2023, while being treated at ‘HYGEIA’ hospital in Greece. "Details will follow regarding his funeral procession and burial." 