Arsenal have reportedly submitted an improved £62million to Shakhtar Donetsk in an attempt to prise winger Mykhaylo Mudryk away from Ukraine. And the Gunners could also try to sign two of five other players to complete the plans of transfer chief Edu and manager Mikel Arteta. Arsenal are said to be keen on a left-sided centre back and have been linked with Eintracht Frankfurt ace Evan Ndicka. The 23-year-old has played 23 times for his club this season and helped them book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League, where they will face Napoli. Ndicka is out of contract at the end of the season, which means Arsenal could thrash out a cut price deal to get their hands on him this month or wait until the end of the campaign to get him for free. The Gunners are also desperate to bolster their midfield as they look to build squad depth at the Emirates Stadium. The likes of Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka have been excellent this season, but the team could struggle should either go down with an injury. Aston Villa ace Douglas Luiz was linked with a move to north London in the summer after impressing for the Villans. He ultimately stayed put, but the Gunners could make another move for the Brazil international following an scintillating season at Villa Park. READ MORE: Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal    Arsenal have also reportedly held a long-term interest in Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans. The 25-year-old is out of contract at the King Power Stadium at the end of the campaign and could arrive in north London in the summer to compete for a regular starting place. Tielemans was the matchwinner for Leicester in the 2021 FA Cup final and also played for Belgium at the World Cup. Another World Cup midfielder Edu and Arteta would surely love to get their hands on is Brighton star Alexis Mac Allister. The 24-year-old was in sensational form as Argentina defeated France in the World Cup final to become world champions for the first time since 1986. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January   Mac Allister started all but one of his country’s matches in Qatar and proved his worth time and time again. But the Gunners would face a huge battle to land the ace, with the likes of Chelsea, Liverpool and Juventus all said to be chasing him as well. If Arsenal fail with all their midfield targets, they could attempt to thrash out a deal with Palmeiras for Danilo. The 21-year-old has starred in Brazil, with the Gunners reportedly making two bids for him in the summer. But Arsenal are said to have cooled their interest in the player as he wasn’t selected in Brazil’s squad for the World Cup. 