Manchester United officials and Erik ten Hag are reportedly all in agreement that they will not look to cash in on Scott McTominay or Harry Maguire this month to raise some much-needed funds. United are hoping to sign a striker this month to replace Cristiano Ronaldo but, with the club up for sale, money is said to be tight. They were strongly linked with a move for Cody Gakpo heading into the January window, but Liverpool's move caught United off guard and they were unwilling to match their offer. Following Ronaldo's unceremonious departure last month, Anthony Martial is the only out-and-out striker at the club. Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga have been utilised in a central position already in recent weeks. But Ten Hag has already stated that he wants to see the club sign a new striker this month. The United boss admitted last week that they'll have to get "creative" in the market with a lack of available funds. "It's always difficult, strikers are expensive, especially in the winter, but you have to set the limits high," he said.  "We're looking for it, we need to be creative and do everything we have in our power to get the right players in, who are fitting in the balance." Selling players on the fringes of Ten Hag's squad would potentially give United the opportunity to reinvest the money into a new striker. Both Maguire and McTominay have struggled for minutes all season long and their futures at the club are shrouded in doubt. The Daily Mail claim McTominay has his 'admirers' at Newcastle while Maguire wouldn't be short of options either following his displays at the World Cup.  But the report adds that United and Ten Hag have no plans to sell the pair this month. The Red Devils boss reportedly feels as though he needs the defensive cover until the end of the season. Maguire was handed only his fourth league start of the season in United's 3-0 win over Bournemouth on Tuesday evening. But he could be set to drop back down to the bench with Lisandro Martinez returning to the club following Argentina's win at the World Cup. McTominay meanwhile is yet to feature since the league season resumed with the Scotland international an unused substitute against Bournemouth.