Tammy Slaton took part in 1000lb Sisters in the hopes of improving her health and shedding her 600+ lbs frame. Her journey was plagued with health issues and TLC viewers in the USA could only watch through their fingers as Tammy even stopped breathing and required urgent medical help in the new season four trailer. But now on the road to recovery and embracing a new lease of life, Tammy has shared a new update. The near-death scare after she was hospitalised and placed on a ventilator at a nearby hospital. Eventually, she was placed in a medically induced coma in order to save her life and her family members were left fearing the worse after she “stopped breathing”. But Tammy sounds optimistic since the ordeal, admitting: "My near-death experience has taught me not to take life for granted. "I now live my life how I want to and not how others want me to." READ MORE: The View crowd told to cheer Whoopi more than others amid controversy Tammy has also explained how the incident led to a change of outlook when it came to how she reacted to others. She added to People: "It has also mellowed me out. I try harder to not get mad as easily and try to figure out a way around the situation. "I'm grabbing the bull by the horns and taking control of my life again and not letting my body defeat me. “I told y'all that this wasn't the end of me. The new and improved Tammy is on the way,” she defiantly concluded. In season four of the TLC series, fans will witness how doctors give Tammy a tracheotomy to help with her breathing. This means doctors had to create a hole in her throat to insert a breathing tube to assist her. However, Tammy’s bullish nature is evident after the operation as she boasts: “I’m still here, b****s.” Tammy is keen to undergo bariatric surgery in order to aid her weight loss but doctors insist she has to lose weight on her own first. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint NCIS LA’s Fatima Namazi star pays tribute to colleague following deathWednesday season 2 release: Jenna Ortega series to stay on Netflix Doctors need Tammy to weigh in at around 500lb before they can proceed with surgery. Dr Eric Smith tells Tammy during season four she has “real risks” which could end up with her health declining further. During her stint on the show, fans see how Tammy is also preoccupied with a blossoming romance rather than her weight loss journey. Tammy has checked into a weight loss rehab facility in Ohio which has helped give her this newfound determined attitude. Tammy struggled with heavy drinking, vaping and depression during her journey to a healthier state. Tammy and her sister Amy will return to screens to share a new update in season four of the TLC show. The first episode will premiere on TLC in the USA on January 17, 2023, although a UK release date is yet to be announced. 1000lb Sisters seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video channels now.