Prince Harry sported a necklace, which he revealed represented the heartbeats of his two children - Archie, 3 and Lilibet, 1 - in a sentimental moment on The Late Show in New York City. The 36-year-old, who is currently in the midst of a media blitz to promote his memoir Spare, made the confession as he discussed a row he had with his brother, Prince William. Harry claimed his brother ripped the necklace off his neck and broke it during a physical alteraction in 2019. The show host Stephen Colbert went down to the matter, asking Harry: "There's a lot of talk about the physical fight, that the two you had - that he pushed you down the kitchen and broke the dog bawl when you fell on it. He says he broke your necklace. What necklace was this that he broke?" The Duke went on to reveal his necklace that was previously hidden under his purple shirt and that has now been "fixed", he said. Asked what is on it, he said: "We've got my kids' heartbeats, which my wife gave me." The Late Show host clarified: "Oh, the cardiogram engraved there." Besides his kids' heartbeats, another pendant showed tiger's eyes, which a friend of his in Bostwana made for him. In his memoir Spare, Harry writes about the physical fight with his brother in 2019, saying: "[William] grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor." He added: "I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." The alleged row erupted after William branded Meghan Markle "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive", prompting Harry to accuse his brother of "parroting the press narrative" about his wife. Harry says William provoked him to fight back but the Duke claims he refused, saying that his brother left and then returned "looking regretful, and apologised". READ MORE: Richard Madeley fumes 'Harry doesn't accept responsibility' in clash This is not the only alleged encounter the two brothers have had, Harry revealed over the last few months, as he claims he wants a reconciliation with his brother and father, King Charles. In the Sussexes' Netflix docu-series released in December, the Duke of Sussex claims William screamed and shouted at him at the so-called Sandringham Summit over his and Meghan's royal exit, while Queen Elizabeth II remained silent. Despite the confrontations and royal wounds, Harry says he hopes he can make amends with members of the Royal Family. He told Good Morning America: "I don't think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there. There's a lot that I can forgive, but there needs to be conversations in order for reconciliation, and part of that has to be accountability." DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton lookalike fears for work amid royal rift [REPORT] Prince Harry claims Palace in campaign to undermine Megxit memoir [REPORT] Prince Harry sends audience wild as they chant 'Harry, Harry, Harry' [REPORT] Harry said he also hopes to have a candid, private conversation with family members. "I just hope that there's a way that we can have a conversation that is trusted within that conversation that isn't then spilled to the British press," he said. "That's where I am." Among other revelations in the book, he claimed he took cocaine several times aged 17, killed 25 Taliban fighters during his time in the army while on his secound tour in Afghanistan and how William and Kate encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a costume party in 2005. Buckingham Palace has not yet responded to the allegations. READ NEXT:Prince Harry ‘hold hands’ with CBS host Stephen ColbertHarry hails Dutch and Norwegian monarchs as modern royalsPrince Harry mocks royal tradition in skit with Tom Hanks Princess Charlotte 'could be teased' over bridesmaid dress row Prince Harry claims he was born if William needed organ donation