Talia Foster, 14, suffered 100 seizures a day as a baby but having overcome the odds to survive has been left with epilepsy, autism and dystonia which causes muscles to contract uncontrollably. She is also blind and unable to speak. Despite a weakened immune system she has fought off swine flu, pneumonia and bronchitis in the last few years and had spinal surgery. Due to her complex needs,Talia requires an array of electronic devices for her care, which are constantly running or charging. But delivery driver Brendan, 47, and wife Clair say the gas and electricity bill for their home in Hartlepool, Co Durham, has rocketed from £2,080 a year to a staggering £8,320. Clair, who is Talia's full-time carer, said: "Everything we use on a daily basis has to be plugged in or on charge so even when Talia is at school I can't switch things off. Weakened "Because her immune system is weakened she needs to have a consistent temperature of 21C, so the heating is always on. "Even in summer, on the warmer days, I have to run air con to make sure she doesn't get too hot, so there's no let up. "I do multiple loads of washing a day and have to dry everything in the tumble dryer. I can't dry clothes on the radiators because it affects her chest." They use medical hoists to move Talia, who has bad reflux that makes her sick, so they can change clothing and bed sheets, as well as get her in and out of bed. Clair, 48, added: "I can't lift her anymore so I rely completely on the hoists to move her around. "We have two CCTV cameras in case she begins fitting and they have to be on constantly." Talia communicates via an eyeoperated device which allows her to say what she wants to eat or what toys she wants to play with. They have a hydrotherapy hot tub which makes a massive difference. But both bits of kit are expensive to run. Clair said: "I used to put £20 on my gas and £20 on my electric a week but that has risen to £60 extra on each a week. So we are £120 worse off a week just for power. Then there's the cost of diesel and rising food prices. "We have an adapted vehicle that has space for Talia's wheelchair for the school run but that costs a lot. We also have a big fridge to make room for all her medicines and special food.  "Talia will only eat jars of baby food and the price of them has gone up, so I'm paying almost £25 a week extra there as well. "There's no other option, absolutely everything is vital." Clair, who is also mum to Danielle, 18, and Callum, 27, is pleading with the Government to help families like hers with complex needs for their children. The Daily Express' End Disability Bills Crisis crusade is calling for an £150 emergency payment for the disabled people to be brought forward. Clair added: "We can't afford to look after our family if these prices keep rising and that terrifies me.We need help."