A 21-year-old footballer has died after the car he was travelling in smashed into the front of a shop. Bakewell Town footballer Kyle Shimwell died two days later in hospital after the Fiat 500 crash, in which he was a passenger. The 21-year-old woman who driving the car has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. She was also detained on suspicion of driving over the limit for alcohol and bailed pending further inquiries into the incident that took place on King Street, in Bakewell, Derbyshire.  Emergency services were called to the scene at around 0.30am on Saturday, January 7. The young man's football club put out a tribute to him on their website, saying they were "devastated" at the loss. The team said: "Kyle has played for Bakewell since he was an under-6, was a commited player of our Development Team & has stepped up into the First Team on many an occasion. "BTFC will do all it can to support Kyle’s family and plans are being put in place to ensure his memory lives on and that we make him proud. Our thoughts are with Kyle’s family and friends at this difficult time." Meanwhile, supporters of the team shared their grief on social media. One person wrote: "Such sad news. Kyle was a lovely young man. Sending all our love and thoughts to the family." Another added: "Kyle your passing has left us with pure heartache but your love has left us many memories that’ll never leave us. Rest in peace."  Other local clubs have also paid tribute to Mr Shimwell, with a spokesperson for Chesterfield Town FC saying: "Everyone at Chesterfield Town is saddened to learn of the passing of former player Kyle Shimwell at the age of 21. Kyle always played with his big heart and will be sadly missed by all those that knew him. "All our thoughts are with Kyle's family, friends and teammates at this sad time." Clay Cross Town Football Club said: "We’re all devastated to hear the sad news this evening of the passing of 21-year-old Kyle Shimwell of Bakewell Town FC. We all send our deepest and sincerest condolences to his family, friends and to everyone at the club that he served for so many years."