Manchester United could strike a deal for another goalkeeper in the January transfer window despite closing in on the signing of Jack Butland. Manager Erik ten Hag is revamping his selection of stoppers with Martin Dubravka's loan cut short and David de Gea nearing the end of his contract. Dubravka headed from Newcastle to United during the summer with Nick Pope laying claim to the No 1 spot at St James' Park. The Slovakian failed to impress during his two Carabao Cup appearances, putting in a particularly shaky performance against Burnley just before Christmas. With prospects of game time looking slim, the Magpies have decided to cut his loan stint at Old Trafford short, leaving Ten Hag to scout out a new deputy. Reports indicate that talks are underway regarding Crystal Palace star Jack Butland and the deal could be concluded quickly. The Red Devils could yet go on to strike another goalkeeper deal in January, however, as 90min claim that the club are still interested in negotiating a pre-contract agreement with Yann Sommer. JUST IN: Man Utd reopen Joao Felix talks, Chelsea's Fernandez delay, Mudryk bid The Borussia Monchengladbach man has long been of interest to United and he could provide real competition for De Gea's starting spot. Sommer, 34, has 80 caps for Switzerland and is into his ninth season as a regular in the German Bundesliga. With his contract into its final six months, United are at liberty to negotiate a pre-contract agreement with the Swiss before a free transfer in the summer. It remains to be seen how that would affect the pecking order at Old Trafford, particularly if Butland signs and De Gea's deal is extended. DON'T MISS... Four Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo Fernandez Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rabiot 'receives massive offer Liverpool 'target' Kim Min-jae to give Van Dijk new partner in crime The Spaniard has made more than 500 appearances for United since joining in 2011 but the club are yet to trigger an option to extend his contract by one year. That's despite United exercising similar clauses for Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw, Diogo Dalot and Fred last month, sparking questions over De Gea's future. The 32-year-old has drawn criticism for his lack of ability with the ball at his feet and he was not selected to represent Spain at the World Cup in Qatar, falling behind Brighton's Robert Sanchez and Brentford's David Raya in the pecking order. As one of United's highest earners, the club seem to be taking their time over whether to stick or twist between the sticks. "I’m very relaxed," he said after victory over Bournemouth on Tuesday. "I just focus on training and perform as best as I can. But, for sure, it's going to end in a good way. I hope so. I was saying this is my club. I've been here many, many years and it's a huge honour to be here and I'm so happy here. "Every save is important. I just have to help the team and try my best. I feel comfortable with everyone. It doesn't matter who is playing, everyone is ready to perform and it's great to have a proper squad."