Starz’s real-life crime drama BMF has finally made its long-awaited comeback to screens with season two. Ahead of its premiere, actress Lala Anthony spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and shared there could be trouble ahead for her character.  After a successful first season, the Flenory brothers are back for another season of guns, drugs and family drama. BMF follows the rags-to-riches story of Demetrius Meech Flenory (played by Meech Flenory Jr) and Terry Flenory (DaVinci Juste) as they became one of America’s most influential crime families. Together they established the Black Mafia Family which pushed their drug trade and money laundering organisation to a global level. However, it wasn’t smooth sailing for the brothers as their choices affected the lives of their loved ones and those around them. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims This was seen throughout season one after their younger sister was almost abducted and witnessed the murder of her friend at the hand of BMF enemy Lamar (Eric Kofi-Abrefa). Meech and Terry also had business trouble after they decided to stop doing business with Pat (Wood Harris) and work with Boom (Peyton Alex Smith). The brothers met Boom at Pat’s party where they were also introduced to his wife Markaisha (Lala Anthony). Although, they were there for work Terry and Markaisha were seemingly smitten with each other despite being devoted to other people. After a brief scuffle between the men, Markaisha approached the brothers and told them they looked too good to be fighting. As season two progresses fans could see Terry and Markaisha getting closer romantically. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Lala teased: “I think a lot of times if people … if they live in their own world it’s like this perfect relationship. “As their relationship progresses, they get to see how it's not this perfect little world that they're living in.  DON'T MISS...Megha ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in scene Prince Harry regrets watching [INSIGHT]BMF star on reason she agreed to Markaisha role [INSIGHT]BMF season 2: Lucille star hints at devastating break up with Charles [INSIGHT] “He has a family, she has her husband, she has kids as well - like there's so many other factors that go into it” She continued: “It can't just be two people saying ‘we just want to ride off into the sunset together’ life doesn't work like that.” After season two was confirmed, it was announced Lala had been promoted to a series regular, which hinted at a major storyline for her character. Deadline reported: “Markisha is the smart, sophisticated and street-savvy wife of a powerful Detroit dealer. “Despite the risk, Terry begins to pursue her relentlessly and they develop a friendship.” At the end of season one, Terry decided to step away from BMF and put the life of crime behind him after welcoming a newborn. However, with Meech handling business on his own, it’s likely he could call on his brother for extra assistance this season. As for Markaisha and Terry, their budding friendship could impede future business with Boom and have a detrimental impact.  BMF season two continues Fridays on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 