You may think that offering birds and other wildlife food in your garden is a way of helping them throughout the year, but if you don't clean tables and feeders regularly, you could be doing more harm than good. While the RSPB recommend taking extra care of garden items in the warm, summer months, it is just as important in the cold winter when more birds flock to enjoy bird feed. Doing so is incredibly quick and easy, and all you need is some white vinegar. A wildlife expert at the RSPB said: "When a large number of birds are attracted into an area to feed, the danger of disease increases. Prevention is always better than a cure and is the best thing you can do to help the birds. "Most diseases are transmitted by droppings. If contaminated droppings mix with food, the birds run a risk of picking up the infection. Since the contamination can originate either from other birds or from animals (such as rats), it's important to guard against infection from both sources in your garden." Whether you've noticed signs of illness in birds visiting your garden, mould spores on your feeders, or simply can't remember the last time you cleaned them, it is recommended that you dot it more frequently as more wildlife flock to your outdoor space. According to the wild bird feeding supply experts at The Backyard Naturalist, a "simple" but "deep cleaning" can be done using white vinegar - which costs just 29p in Tesco, hot water, and some dish soap for good measure. READ MORE: Bedding experts share how often you should be washing your sheets  Start by removing any old food or water from your feeders and baths while wearing a pair of gloves to minimise the risk of touching any lingering bacteria. Dispose of the residue in a waste bin and get started on preparing your natural cleansing solution. While you can use bleach to eliminate harmful spores, white vinegar is much safer for materials like wood which are too delicate for harsh bleach chemicals. To make the cleanser, simply combine equal parts hot water and white wine vinegar in a bucket. The wild bird feeding supply experts said: " Bleach is the best at fighting bacteria. But used to clean a wooden feeder, the bleach smell may linger no matter how much you rinse. "If you choose to use the vinegar solution for your other feeders, plan to leave them soaking for at least an hour for the vinegar to be most effective." DON'T MISS:Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer [INSIGHT]February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [REVEAL]Four ‘efficient’ methods to ‘kill’ weeds on driveways and patios [TIPS]  You can add a drop of dish soap to the mix for a fresher scent though you should avoid using tough degreasing formulas and instead stick to mild products. Before cleaning, you may find it easier to disassemble feeders if you can to ensure thorough cleaning of every part. Using a clean scrubbing brush, lather the vinegar water onto the bristles and scrub the feeder thoroughly to remove all visible dirt. Continue until the feeder or bath appears clean before leaving the feeder to soak in the remaining liquid. READ MORE: Paint colour that is 'always going to work' in homes Soak for at least one hour outside in the bucket until the water goes cold to allow the acidity of the vinegar to get to work. Rinse in clean, hot water after the hour is up and repeat once more if you can still see soap suds on the feeder. Leave the parts to dry completely before assembling them back together and refilling them with fresh feed. The Backgarden Naturalist expert recommended taking the time to clean the area underneath your feeder while it dries.  Cleaning the areas under bird feeders is just as important as cleaning the feeders themselves. To do this, remove old seed hulls and other residues from under the feeding stations and discard them. Once you have cleaned your garden items once, it is important to keep up with the task to ensure birds are protected against illnesses and diseases. The wild bird feed experts said: "Normally, we recommend every two weeks, more frequently as traffic increases and immediately any time you see signs of mould or if you’ve seen a sick bird visit your feeder. "If you’ve seen a sick bird at one of your feeders, there’s a chance it has visited one of your other feeders (or baths), too."