Despite having access to a world of clothes and only the best designers, fans have occasionally spotted their favourite Royal Family members wearing identical outfits. Many of us will take inspiration from our fashionable family members, and the royals are no exception. Princess Beatrice and Sophie, Countess of Wessex are both beloved members of the Royal Family. They are also the ultimate royal style icons, never failing to impress during royal engagements. Both were pictured wearing the same baby pink Emelia Wickstead dress a year apart - but who wore it first? On June 8, 2019, the gorgeous Princess Beatrice stepped out wearing the fit and flare creation. READ MORE: 82-year-old Queen Margrethe wears 'jolly' coat made from tablecloth The gorgeous midi dress costs £418 down from £1,395 on The Outnet, although it has sadly sold out online. The whole dress is baby pink, aside from some black applique going down the sleeves. It has a high, scoop neck, long sleeves and nipped-in waist to highlight the figure of whoever is wearing it. Beatrice accessorised her Emelia Wickstead dress with a black statement headband, complete with a white flower. It is rare to see the royal without an extravagant head or hat band. The Princess also went for some gold jewellery, including a ring on her pinky finger, a gold bangle and what looks to be a pendant bracelet. Beatrice frequently wears clip-on earrings - a style habit she shares with Camilla - as they both famously have not had their ears pierced. However, she went sans earrings on this particular occasion. She sported a head of bouncy curls complete with a side parting, and as for makeup opted for a smokey eye and matte pink lipstick. READ MORE: Kate may make two big changes when she is Queen Royal fans were impressed with this look, with Instagram user @sarada_kathirasan calling her "very beautiful and radiant". While Fergie's eldest daughter did look stunning, she wasn't the first royal to pull off the baby pink look - in exactly the same dress. On June 19, 2018, Beatrice's aunt Sophie Wessex stepped out for the first day of Royal Ascot. She looked equally as ravishing in the fit and flare midi, and her accessories were on point. The Countess opted for baby pink pumps and a clutch bag, with the latter boasting some decorative flowers in white. Sophie's asymmetrical fascinator was truly the show stopper, however, as it complemented the dress down to a T. It was predominantly pink but with black lace all around the rim. The hat was also decorated with a huge flower in the same two colours. Underneath this, she wore her hair pinned into a loose chignon, and as for makeup went for a relatively fresh-faced look including peach-coloured lipstick. Sophie opted for diamond and pearl jewellery as opposed to her niece's gold accessories.