Manchester United fear Christian Eriksen is set for a spell on the sidelines, according to reports. The Denmark international was forced out of his side’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on Friday following a tackle from Andy Carroll. The Red Devils are now open to making a late signing, providing the 30-year-old is unable to take to the field for the foreseeable future. Manchester United were too strong for Reading on Friday, with a brace from Casemiro and strike from Fred giving them a straightforward FA Cup win. But the night was soured after an injury to Eriksen, who was forced to limp out of the showdown. According to the Metro, United now fear the Denmark international will face a spell on the sidelines at the worst possible time. The matches are coming thick and fast for the Red Devils, who remain in contention to win all four competitions they’re competing in. And it’s claimed that if Eriksen’s injury does rule him out of action, Ten Hag is ready to make a late signing at the club. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big No names are mentioned by the publication. But links to Marco Reus and Youri Tielemans, of Borussia Dortmund and Leicester respectively, have been constant ever since the transfer window reopened. Reus is set to become a free agent at the end of the season, despite talk he could renew his Dortmund contract. The Germany international’s representatives recently held talks with United over a potential move to Old Trafford. And though it was claimed United had abandoned their pursuit, a late revival can’t be ruled out while the Red Devils keep their options open. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Tielemans was of interest to the club during the years where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. Like Reus, he’s due to become a free agent at the end of the season with Leicester appearing to be resigned to a potential departure. But both players will likely only be allowed to leave if their respective clubs get a fee in return. And with United only likely to consider loan deals, it’ll be interesting to see what happens as the clock ticks down. The Red Devils have signed two players so far this winter, with Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst both touching down at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Butland has moved as a replacement from Martin Dubravka, who has returned to parent club Newcastle after an underwhelming loan stint. And Weghorst has joined from Burnley following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, who was cut loose back in November. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Stan Collymore expressed a belief United require an upgrade on Eriksen in the middle of the park. "I think Man United need midfield upgrades for Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen,” he said. "On Eriksen – I get why they signed him and why he went to Old Trafford. It was a no-brainer for both at the time. "But I thought, against Arsenal, it was very obvious that he was one of the weak links. "If Casemiro is a nailed-on starter, which he is, then McTominay and Eriksen should be surplus to requirements. "Sunday proved that United's midfield, without the Brazilian, cannot compete with the league's best, such as Arsenal's trio of Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard."