Manchester United are currently a midfielder short following the news Donny van de Beek will be sidelined until the end of the season. The midfielder was recently forced to limp out of a 3-0 win over Bournemouth, much to the frustration of Erik ten Hag. Express Sport now takes a look at four options the Red Devils hierarchy have when it comes to replacing him. Youri Tielemans is a curious case. Despite being obviously talented, nobody has come forward to sign the midfielder from Leicester City - even on the cheap. On Monday, it was reported that United were considering going for Tielemans in the wake of Van de Beek’s frustrating setback. United could certainly do a lot worse and they’ve got a positive relationship with Leicester, having raided them for Harry Maguire in 2019. Tielemans has the quality to play for a big team in the top flight and Ten Hag’s side would be wise to act given his availability and the fact his contract is due to expire in the summer. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Adrien Rabiot was linked with United back in the summer. And though he’s a different type of midfielder to Van de Beek, any potential arrival would allow Fred to play higher up the field. Rabiot’s Juventus contract is due to expire at the end of the season and a new challenge in the Premier League may tempt him into leaving the Old Lady. Many were critical of United when it emerged they were keen on the player prior to the arrival of Casemiro. Yet Rabiot’s performances for France at the World Cup showed just how good he can be when fully fit and firing. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Also on Monday, it emerged that Marco Reus’ agent had been spotted at Old Trafford for United’s 2-1 win over Manchester City. The Germany international used to be a winger but, amid ongoing injury issues, has morphed into a No 10 instead. Reus is another player whose contract is due to expire at the end of the campaign, with the player admitting he’s open to all possibilities. Given his injury record, it would certainly be a risk. But Reus can be one of the best attackers in the world on his day and has done well enough this term with four goal involvements from nine Bundesliga games. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are open to recalling loan players this month to ensure they’re not left short for the rest of the season. Therefore, Hannibal Mejbri could be one potential solution. Ralf Rangnick clearly rated the Tunisia international during his turbulent spell in the dugout and Hannibal has been flourishing at youth level over the last few years. With just three assists from 31 matches, he’s not set the world alight at Birmingham. He clearly has much to learn but United, as his parent club, are able to control his future. Speaking last week, Ten Hag admitted he felt sorry for Van de Beek after his injury setback. "Yes, it is his knee. On the long-term, it is looking really good, he will be back for the start of pre-season. The rest of the season he is out,” he said. "I think everyone was really, thoughts are with him, it is terrible when you are in a middle of a season and you get a bad tackle, bad injury, it is always really disappointing and thoughts, your feelings are with the player, you express that. "Our group did that really well and we are now happy his knee on the long-term is good. Donny is also happy with that. “But in the same moments, there are mixed feelings and disappointment he is out of this season.”