Baga Chipz became one of the nation's most famous drag queens after starring in season one of Ru Paul's Drag Race UK. While she did not win the crown, she left a huge mark on viewers' hearts with her loveable personality and witty one-liners. Although her drag career continues to flourish, Baga admitted she would jump at the opportunity to be a character on Coronation Street.  The 33-year-old, whose real name is Leo Loren, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about her aspirations. She shared: "I know this is a bit far-fetched but I would love to be on Coronation Street, even as an extra. "I know most of the cast and I always go for a drink with them in Manchester. "I’d like to be a character but even just like sitting in the cafe having a cup of tea, saying, ‘You alright love?’" READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation Baga admitted: "I’ve put many hints out in interviews and they still haven’t gotten back to me." Could 2023 be the year Baga gets to star in the cobbles serial drama on ITV? Reflecting on her hectic schedule, Baga said: "Put it this way, I haven’t had a holiday since Drag Race. "I’ve travelled the world and been in hotels, I’ve just done an Australian tour."  She teased about starring in more television programmes in the future but admitted she "couldn't say anymore" about it. If she never became a drag queen, Baga revealed she could have pictured herself as a florist. "I love flowers and I would love to be a florist, I know it’s very stereotypical," she quipped. "But I love dogs too so I’d love to work with animals - not be a vet, but be [working] in a doggy daycare." DON'T MISS...Queen Camilla left Drag Race star gobsmacked after conversation [EXCLUSIVE]Kitty Scott-Claus adds ‘fuel to fire’ over Strictly stint rumours [LATEST]Unique changing room has treadmills and body confidence workshop [UPDATE] At the moment, Baga is looking forward to the 2023 Ru Paul's DragCon in London's ExCel. The spectacle for drag queens and their loyal fans is taking place between January 6 and January 8. Baga said of the event: "It’s all over the world, they’ve had it in New York, but I did the first UK one, and we were at Kensington Olympia and we are getting bigger so it’s at the ExCel. "It’s for all ages, it is for all walks of life and people who just want to express themselves or fans of the show and fans of drag."  She also offered some words of wisdom for aspiring drag queens, adding: "If you’re thinking about doing drag, the only thing I could say is to go for it, it’s brilliant. "I’m very lucky that I get to go to work and get paid to do what I love for a living. "I love performing, but the only thing I’d say if you want to go on Drag Race, is just, be you." Baga warned people not to be "carbon copies" of other queens and advised them to just be "authentic". Ru Paul's Drag Race UK episodes are available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 