Dreaming of dozing on an Italian beach with an Aperol Spritz in hand? British tourists can enjoy a night’s holiday for free if they book their Italian getaway using a special holiday scheme. The See Sicily scheme offers tourists a free night’s accommodation if they travel to the island for at least three nights. Tourists will also qualify for a free excursion, guided tour or dive on the beautiful Italian island. Britons will also qualify for a 50 percent discount on their plane ticket up to a maximum of 100 euros (£87). The exciting scheme is running until September 30 although holidays in July and August are excluded from the flight discount. READ MORE: Tourist fined £439 for breaking rules in Italy See Sicily vouchers are non-refundable and can’t be rescheduled or used at a later date. Situated just off the tip of Italy’s ‘boot’, Sicily has a wealth of attractions and history to explore. History fans can check out the ancient theatre of Syracuse while the mosaics at Villa del Casale offer a glimpse into life in Imperial Rome. Tourists can’t visit Sicily without sampling some of its incredible local delicacies, many of which are unique to the island. READ MORE: easyJet issues travel warning for British tourists Caponata is a saucy aubergine salad while aubergine parmigiana is another classic Italian dish. For dessert, tourists could pick up a cannoli siciliani, a tube shaped pastry filled with ricotta which comes in several flavours. In Catania, tourists will be able to marvel at Mount Etna, one of the world’s most active volcanoes. Sicily’s beaches are some of Italy’s best and Calamosche beach, near Syracuse is one of the island’s most popular. At Isola dei Conigli, or Rabbit Island, tourists might even be able to spot caretta turtles as they come ashore to lay their eggs. Tourists can fly to Catania or Palermo from the UK and use either city as a base to explore the rest of the island. Although the temperature rarely drops below 10 degrees in Sicily, the best months to visit for sunny weather are June to September when tourists can expect highs of 30 degrees. For more details on the See Sicily scheme and Sicily’s many attractions visit Visit Sicily’s website.