Many households would have had their heating on for quite some time now due to the cold weather, while others may have not yet started to use it. In both scenarios, it is a good idea to make sure radiators are working efficiently to ensure heat is not being wasted as well as helping to keep energy bills down. An expert recommended bleeding your radiator to start with. Andy Kerr, Founder at BOXT, commented: “Bleeding your radiators can help you to achieve efficiency and an environmentally friendly home. Despite this task sounding slightly menacing, all it involves is allowing any pockets of trapped air to escape. “If trapped air is left inside your radiators with nowhere to go, it will cause blockages. This prevents hot water from spreading across your whole radiator. “Having to bleed your radiators doesn’t automatically mean that there is a larger or more serious issue with your central heating, so don’t get on the phone with your engineer straight away. “It’s simply something that needs to be done regularly to allow the heating system to do its job - to keep you cosy. READ MORE: Best ingredient to 'soak up bad odours' in an empty fridge “Bleeding your radiators on a semi-regular basis, around every two months, means your central heating can run efficiently, and you can rest easy knowing that you’re keeping a lid on your energy bills.” You’ll know if your radiator needs bleeding by checking for three things, including if your radiator is cold at the top. If there are damp patches or condensation surrounding the radiator or above it, it also needs to be bled. Britons finding their radiators are making funny noises when heating up, it may also be time to bleed it. The pro said: “Start off by turning your boiler on and allowing your radiators plenty of time to fully heat up. This way, you can easily identify which radiators need some TLC and which can be left alone. “Carefully have a feel around the surface of your radiators for any cold patches. If any make a funny noise when heating up, have patches that heat doesn’t reach or you notice a radiator is cold at the top, it is definitely worth blending them. DON'T MISS:Eggshell trick to prevent ‘pesky’ slugs from ruining new plants now [COMMENT]Mum shares 9p ‘trick’ to remove and prevent black window sealant mould [INSIGHT]Effective ‘tea bag’ hack to stop cats using your garden as a toilet [EXPLAINER] “Once you’ve identified the radiators that need some attention, turn the heating off and allow the radiators plenty of time to cool down. “If you attempt to bleed a radiator with your heating on, you risk hurting yourself with the hot air or water from your radiators.” The expert recommended bleeding the radiators downstairs first, then moving on to the ones upstairs. Take an old towel and place a container below the radiator valves to catch any liquids before using an old cloth to twist your radiator key anti-clockwise and open the valve. READ MORE: Eight steps to clean a mattress - ‘kill’ dust mites Don’t open the valve completely or keep it on for too long but slowly turn it enough to hear the hissing noise of air escaping. Allow the trapped air to escape until the sound stops and a steady stream of water starts to leak from the valve. Andy added: “Wipe any excess moisture or condensation once you’re done, in order to avoid any rust forming around your radiator valves. “Double check that your efforts have paid off now. Firstly, check your boiler pressure. It’s normal for your pressure to decrease slightly after radiator bleeding. “However, for reference, it should be around one to one and a half bars when switched off and can rise to around two bars when switched on.” If your boiler pressure appears good, it is then time for a heat test. Boot up your central heating and have another feel of the radiators. There should be no cold patches left anywhere on the radiator. The expert note: “You and your family can now feel the full benefits of a warm home and save some cash on your bills, it’s a win-win situation.” As well as bleeding radiators, homeowners can improve their efficiency by removing any obstructions such as furniture away from blocking the heat source.