Officers accused of killing a man during a traffic stop face disciplinary action after outrage. Tyre D. Nichols, a 29-year-old Black driver, died on January 10 following a traffic stop. The statement did not indicate how many officers were involved. “Make no doubt, we take departmental violations very seriously and, while we must complete the investigation process, it is our top priority to ensure that swift justice is served,” Memphis Mayor Jim Strickland also said in the statement. “We want citizens to know that we are prepared to take immediate and appropriate actions based on what the findings determine.” Mr Nichols, of Memphis, Tennessee, was stopped along a street for reckless driving on January 7. There was a confrontation as officers approached the driver, and the suspect ran before officers again confronted and arrested him. He then complained of shortness of breath and was taken to a hospital by ambulance in critical condition. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Mr Nichols died on January 10, and is conducting a use-of-force investigation at the request of Shelby County District Attorney General Steve Mulroy. READ MORE: Idaho murders: Bryan Kohberger's 'sick social experiment' exposed It comes as Mr Nichols’ stepfather, Rodney Wells, said: “My stepson was brutally killed. “No one should die from a traffic stop.” “It was almost as if he was killed on the scene and they just tried to cover it up,” he added according to FOX13. “We are going to fight. What they did to my brother they might as well have killed us all.” Kenyana Dixon, the man’s sister, also said “they killed my baby brother” as protestors demonstrated outside of a police station on Sunday. Mr Nichols’ family have also retained nationally renowned civil rights and personal injury attorney Ben Crump. Mr Crump became the attorney for the families of Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, and Jacob Blake in 2020. He echoed the family’s calls to see the body camera video from Mr Nichols arrest, and said: “All of the available information tells us that this was the tragic and preventable death of a young man deeply beloved by his family and community. “This kind of in-custody death destroys community trust if agencies are not swiftly transparent. “The most effective way for the Memphis Police Department to be transparent with the grieving Nichols family and the Memphis community is to release the body camera and surveillance footage from the traffic stop. “Nobody should ever die from a simple traffic stop – the footage is the only way to discern the true narrative of why and how that happened to Tyre.”