A man was left enraged by an "entitled stranger" after they had parked in his driveway whilst attending a party in his area. The man, having got home from work on Friday, was left with no option but to park elsewhere. However, rather than find another parking spot, away from his drive, the man opted to take "petty revenge" and block the stranger's car in his driveway. Taking to Reddit, the man said: "I came home from work to find someone on our block was having a large party and someone decided they were entitled to park in my driveway. "Keep in mind my driveway is a single car width lined with a retaining wall on both sides and a garage at the end." He continued: "It is essentially impossible for a tow truck to come pull them out without property damage. "Seeing this and the lack of street parking I took this as a cue to park right behind them in my driveway." After a few hours, the man got a knock at the door from the "entitled parker", who insisted he move his car, allowing her to drive away. However, the man simply wasn't having it. He said: "Seeing as they were demanding, I informed them that I had been drinking and would not move my car. "When the police knocked on my door, I was sure to grab a beer from the fridge before I answered to talk to the officer." "I had informed him that after I got home I was unwinding and had been drinking and was in no shape to drive. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub "At this point their hands were tied because they couldn’t tow her car out, I’m in no shape to drive, and I’m legally parked in my driveway." The man poured salt in the wounds when he told the woman that he wasn't due back to work until Tuesday - in four days time - and that she could collect her vehicle then. UK law does not grant local authorities the power to tow vehicles parked on private property without permission. However, if a car is blocking a drive on a public road, it is likely that the driver is committing a parking offence, so local authorities can get involved and potentially fine the offending driver. DON'T MISSDouble-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over [PICTURES]Alarming footage shows horse being whipped during cart race [VIDEO]Driver parks on neighbour's drive without asking and thinks it's OK [INSIGHT] Reddit users reacted to the spiteful tale, with one suggesting the man didn't take his revenge far enough: "I'd have popped my own tire and said ‘I rolled in and my tire went flat, I can't move it without damaging my car, you'll have to buy me a new tire of you want my car moved because I spent all my money on beer’. Then tell them it has to be a whole set or the car won't handle properly." Another user said: "This is the pettiest revenge ever and we appreciate your efforts." Whilst some users thought the incident would make the "entitled stranger" learn her lesson: "A valuable lesson is being taught to this woman. "Do not park in other people's driveways. I'm sure for the rest of her life she'll remember this."