Tennis star Alexander Zverev has had his say on when he believes Rafael Nadal will retire, after the Spaniard banned the media from asking the question surrounding his future. Nadal had endured a difficult few years, with the majority of his 2021 season being hampered by injury. Following his issues it was unknown as to whether the tennis great would ever play again, due to the toll it had taken on his body. Remarkably though, Nadal bounced back in 2022, winning the two opening majors of the year at the Australian Open and French Open to become the sport’s most successful Grand Slam titleholder. The Spanish star nearly added a third straight Grand Slam title at Wimbledon last summer, before being forced to withdraw at the semi-final stage again due to injury. With the 2023 season underway, Nadal is back to compete once more. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Nick Kyrgios charity clash The 36-year-old will no doubt be out to defend his crown this month, and he is keen to distance the conversation away from his future and instead focus on the tournament at hand. Speaking after a defeat to Cameron Norrie at this month’s United Cup, he said: “So you are very interested in my retirement. “I mean, that, for the moment, isn’t the case. When the day arrives, I’m going to let you know, guys. Don’t keep going (on) with the retirement, because I’m here to keep playing tennis.” One man who has given an update on Nadal’s potential plans is Zverev. Speaking ahead of the Australian Open, the German star believes the Spaniard will call time on his career at this year’s French Open. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal left red-faced after disastrous attempt at forehand gameBerrettini and Tomljanovic lift lid on dating as tennis playerDraper told key to making top 20 as Brit star prepares for Nadal clash He told Eurosport: “Rafael Nadal will announce his retirement at Roland Garros. I don't wish him this, but I think he will play a big tournament, maybe wins it and then says goodbye." Nadal will kick off his title defence in Melbourne next week against British star Jack Draper in the opening round. Zverev meanwhile will begin his tournament against Juan Pablo Varillas of Peru.