A DFS Service Requirement has been published for tomorrow, Monday January 23, 2023 between 17:00 and 18:00. Unlike demonstration tests, it means everyone signed up to the scheme could save money if they reduce power usage during that time. If a person's energy supplier offers the service and they have a smart meter, then they should be able to sign up to the service with them. The National Grid's ESO website states: "If you have signed up to take part in the DFS scheme your electricity provider will contact you before a demonstration test or live event and ask if you want to participate in the following day’s event." The energy regulator Ofgem granted approval for the scheme to run from November 3, 2022 to March 31, 2023 on November 4 last year. The service allows businesses and members of the public to be paid to reduce or move their electricity usage out of peak hours, following a signal from the ESO. READ MORE: Pensioners in their 80s share their fantastic money saving tip For a consumer, it could mean a typical household could save approximately £100, over the five month duration of the service. Fintan Slye, Executive Director of the ESO, said at the time: “We are delighted that Ofgem have approved the use of our Demand Flexibility Service this winter. It will help mitigate the potential risks that the ESO has outlined in its Winter Outlook and will allow consumers to see a financial return for reducing their electricity use at peak times. “As a responsible operator of the electricity system we have developed this innovative Demand Flexibility Service to compliment the robust set of tools we already use to balance the electricity system every day.” National Grid has published a list of providers who are taking part in the ESO Demand Flexibility Service on its website. The following providers are taking part for domestic customers. READ MORE: Man shocked to find out he could claim £200 extra per month - can you? Various test sessions have taken place since the scheme began. On January 19, for instance, Octopus Energy ran a "Savings Session" between 09:00 and 10:00. In December, ahead of another session, the provider said it had paid out more than £1million to energy-conscious customers for just four hours of the flexibility service. More than 250,000 Octopus Energy customers took part in each of the four test sessions, with the top five percent of savers earning almost £20 across all the test sessions that had happened so far. Alex Schoch, Head of Flexibility at Octopus Energy Group, commented: “This is a massive milestone - across just four hours, we’ve been able to pay out £1million to our customers. "Normally, this money would have gone to businesses or dirty gas power plants to balance energy demand, instead it’s helping people lower their energy bills this winter. “We are proud to have pioneered this trailblazing scheme, which is paving the way towards a smarter, greener and cheaper grid for all. "And we’re glad that other energy suppliers are now getting involved, allowing even more people to grab a bargain and lower bills for everyone.”