His Majesty King Charles III is set to have his Coronation on Saturday May 6, 2023, 70 years on from his late mother's which he attended as a toddler. And as announced recently by Buckingham Palace, a special Coronation Concert will be broadcast live from Windsor Castle on Sunday May 7. The stars who will perform are yet to be confirmed but a new report claims The Spice Girls will reunite especially for the historic event for the first time in a decade. The Spice Girls last performed together as a five in the closing ceremony of London 2012 Olympics. The Sun’s insider shared: “Royal organisers are super keen to secure Britain’s biggest girl band and the Spice Girls are seriously pondering a return to the stage as a five piece for such a historical event. Certainly, the reality is that the Coronation is as special as The Olympics - a one off celebration and unique performance. There is a general sense that a reunion could happen for something this significant. Mel B and Mel C are the ring leaders in the group, trying to make it happen.” Mel B has certainly hinted that a Spice Girls reunion is in the works. Last week, Mel B said: “I can’t tell you exactly, but there’s going to be something that is going to be announced pretty soon. I am probably going to get told off. It is a project that we’re very excited about. It will be all five of us.” Additionally, Mel C has said how it was sad that the Spice Girls couldn’t reunite for The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert due to various commitments and responsibilities across five families. So presumably the Coronation would be a great opportunity for them to get the band back together. READ MORE: King Charles Coronation - All the details for three day spectacular King Charles III has a history with the Spice Girls, meeting them at various different events when Prince of Wales. Famously Geri Horner and Mel B broke royal protocol by giving the royal a kiss on his cheek and pat the bottom while saying he was "very sexy" back in 1997. As for other possible performers at the Coronation concert, perhaps Sir Paul McCartney will make an appearance given that he missed the Platinum Jubilee? The King is also a big fan of Diana Ross, who closed the big celebration for his late mother last summer. SOURCE