Newcastle United are reportedly interested in Chelsea trio Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Conor Gallagher and Hakim Ziyech but could face a battle to get their hands on all three with Graham Potter only ready to let the Moroccan leave.  It is no secret that Eddie Howe would like to add to his squad in the January transfer window as he looks to give his side the best chance of maintaining their place in the top four. His main priority has been to sign a midfielder but he would also be keen to sign a winger and a right-back. It is from here that the interest in the Chelsea trio comes with the Telegraph reporting that Gallagher, Loftus-Cheek and Ziyech are all targets. However, there may be difficulties in bringing in the two Englishman with Potter apparently only open to letting the Moroccan depart. The Blues need to shift two non-homegrown players from their Champions League squad following the arrivals of Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile and Mykhaylo Mudryk in the transfer window and Ziyech is seen as one of the players who could go. Gallagher and Loftus-Cheek have more value to Potter for this reason.  Newcastle also hold an interest in Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay. The Scotsman is said to be open to a move to St James' Park after falling out of favour under Erik ten Hag leaving him concerned about his game time. However, they are unlikely to bid for his services unless they receive some encouragement from officials at Old Trafford. Ruben Neves is another to have been discussed internally however Wolves have no intention of letting their captain depart at such a crucial stage of the season. He is also likely to be out of reach financially during the January transfer window meaning any approach may have to wait until the summer where it will still be difficult. The Magpies need to strengthen in central midfield was made more pressing after Bruno Guimaraes left the pitch in tears after twisting his ankle against Fulham with no indication yet to be given on the severity of the injury.   Speaking after the 1-0 win, Howe admitted he did not know too much about the injury he just hoped that it would not result in a lengthy layoff. “He was (in distress), and he was after the game,” the former Bournemouth manager said. “He’s worried about his ankle; it was a twist. He felt he could carry on until the end of the first half when he signalled to come off. Never a good sign from our perspective. “We’ll get it scanned and see what the damage is. We hope it’s not long term but at this moment in time, we don’t know.” It remains to be seen whether or not Newcastle will be able to add to their squad this month but supporters will hope to see at least one midfield addition come in given the uncertainty over Guimaraes. 