Washing machines often get built up with bacteria, fabric softener and hard water deposits. The reason washing machines get dirty is because the dirt on clothes, towels and sheets has to go somewhere. The dirt builds up inside washing machines over time along with leftover detergent, limescale, mould, mildew and old fabric softener. The name given to a waxy buildup of fabric softener and detergent is “scrud”. This isn’t the fault of the machine but is just when the two products come into contact with one another. While some washing machines have a maintenance cycle built-in, many older models don’t. To clean your washing machine effectively, a cleaning expert from Dr. Beckmann has shared their tips and the “signs” that could indicate your washing machine is “blocked”. READ MORE: ‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes Dr. Beckmann spokesperson, Susan Fermor told Express.co.uk: “It’s important to make sure your washing machine gets cleaned regularly, as debris can build-up leading to blockage. “Error messages, loud noises and pooling water are all signs that your washing machine may be blocked. “We recommend deep cleaning your machine every two months, or every 30 washes to reduce the risk of a build-up. “Regular maintenance of your machine can help prolong and protect the lifespan of your appliance. DON'T MISSUnblock toilets easily using simple DIY method - ‘nothing else works’ [INSIGHT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] “Aside from ensuring your appliance remains in good working order, regularly servicing your washing machine can help keep costs down, as the frequent maintenance of your white goods will help to keep any future potential replacement or repair costs at bay.” The experts suggested using Dr. Beckmann’s Service-it Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner. The product claims to cleanse the machine while eliminating 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses. It also removes dirt we can’t see in the internal areas of the machine. READ MORE: Mum's homemade spray to 'remove mould and prevent it coming back' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dr. Beckmann’s Service-it Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner is available to purchase from Amazon, Wilko and Asda for £2.50. However, if you’re looking to clean your washing machine using household items you already have, some experts suggest using white vinegar or soda crystals. To use white vinegar, put two cups of white vinegar into the detergent drawer and run an empty, regular hot cycle. The hot white vinegar combination removes bacteria and unpleasant smells. To use soda crystals, put 500g into the drum of an empty washing machine before running the longest, hottest cycle your washing machine has. The soda crystals work by softening the water in the washing machine. Soda crystals can be bought from Wilko for £1.50 or Savers for £1.25. White vinegar costs £1.50 from Wilko and £2 from Ocado.