Royal fans have rushed to secure a copy of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir, with Google data revealing online searches shot up by 226 percent in just one day. Searches for 'Order Spare' skyrocketed to over double the average volume after explosive excerpts from the book were revealed, new data shows. The unprecedented spike in readers seeking to order the Duke of Sussex's highly anticipated autobiography has been seen across the world, according to analysis of Google search data. The rise in interest also comes after a series of clips from Harry's CBS and ITV interviews were released earlier this week. In one excerpt of Spare, released by the Guardian on Thursday, Harry reportedly claimed Prince William physically attacked him during a confrontation over his wife, Meghan Markle.   According to the paper, the pair were at Harry's home when he claimed his brother called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive", a criticism Harry described as "parrot[ing of] the press narrative". Harry alleged that the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". During his 60 Minutes interview with CBS' Anderson Cooper, Harry also claimed Buckingham Palace had leaked and planted stories about the Sussexes. Based on the Google search data, analysed by CelebTattler, the 38-year-old's explosive comments have increased interest around his new book.  READ MORE: Prince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed A spokesperson for CelebTatler, who revealed the Google findings, said: "Ever since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from working royal life, they have been incredibly selective about the ways in which they share personal information, from a sit-down interview with TV magnate Oprah Winfrey or a Netflix series. "However, these findings highlight that this autobiography from Prince Harry is set to be one of the most highly anticipated projects from the couple with people from all around the world seeking to buy a copy for themselves".  However, the critical allegations directed at the Firm are likely to deepen the rift between the Sussexes and other royals despite Harry's recent pleas that he wants "his brother back". In a clip from his interview with ITV, Harry tells Tom Bradby: "It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting, I want a family, not an institution. "They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. "They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile."  Prince Harry's autobiography Spare, published by Penguin Random House, will be released on January 10.