The Repair Shop first arrived on BBC screens in 2017 with host Jay Blades and several experts including Will Kirk, Steve Fletcher and Sonnaz Nooranvary. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, upholsterer Sonnaz opened up on one of her most emotional restorations that she carried out in one of the show’s first episodes. Sonnaz’s talents see her restoring various pieces of furniture on the show. She explained: “You don't see it now because the series doesn't get viewed, but I did bawl my eyes out once on a reveal [in the] early days, just because there was all too much. “It's heavy. You're really dealing with people's lives and and again that's what's so nice about [the show] “You connect with people on a different level, I think and that's what's so nice about using this platform.” Read more: The Repair Shop star shares ‘simple hacks’ to reduce heat loss at home Sonnaz has partnered with the National Residential Landlords Association to encourage tenants to reach out to their landlords for assistance in reducing energy bills. The Repair Shop star visited a rag market in Birmingham with the NRLA where she was offering advice to tenants on how to keep warm this winter. Sonnaz continued: “That's what I noticed that the rag market was that people talk to you like they know you. “And they say, ‘Oh, when I watched such and such it really made me feel [emotional] and we've got something like that as well.’” The upholsterer said: “So I think it's really a real privilege to be able to be be there, do stuff like this for people but also to be able to connect with the people who are fans wherever you go. “Everyone's like, ‘Oh yeah, I saw that… my grandmother… or they were in the war’ or whatever. “It's nice, it connects people together.” Sonnaz went on to reveal how she became apart of The Repair Shop team when the show began in 2017. She shared: “I did an [upholstery] apprenticeship at the age of 17. I was supposed to study law, but I decided that actually I didn't want to do that and I studied more creative subjects. DON'T MISSThe One Show sparks backlash for 'ruining' The Repair Shop special [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades given 'grief' for ‘breaking protocol’ [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty scolds The Repair Shop stars 'be quiet'  [VIDEO] “My mum used to make all of our curtains and I remember being on her sewing machine as a child, and loving the creativity. “[After the apprenticeship] I got a random phone call from The Repair Shop casting team in 2016 and they were casting for series one. “What's lovely about The Repair Shop is that now I've been a bit more over the years some people sort of have grown to know us as experts, and when we were at the Birmingham rag market quite a few people came up and we're interested in having a chat “We were talking about all these things about making stuff but also giving people confidence.” “The experience has been great to be part of it but also it's great to be able to use that platform to talk about things like what we're doing now.” Sonnaz has put together eight tips for simple and quick ways to keep rented accommodation warmer over the colder months. She advised tenants to install better fitted curtains, interline your curtains and if you have blinds make sure these are fitted beyond the recess. Sonnaz stressed the importance of covering external doors, using draught excluders, avoiding placing furniture in front of radiators, opting for cushions and covers made from natural fabrics and lastly, placing rugs on hard floor surfaces. The Repair Shop airs on BBC One on Monday at 3.45pm.