Many people will look forward to the day at which they can access their pension savings.This often forms a key part of the strategy of retirement planning, and could unlock leaving the workforce for some.  However, an arguably little-known rule is set to upend the plans of potentially thousands of workers in the coming years. The normal minimum pension age (NMPA) is a rule which lays out most people must wait until 55 to access their pension savings flexibly without facing a significant tax charge. However, from April 6, 2028, this age will increase to 57, meaning many Britons will have to wait two years longer for access. According to Sir Steve Webb, former pensions minister and current partner at LCP, this could impact some 100,000 unsuspecting workers. READ MORE: State pension ‘headache’ with triple lock and retirement age chaos He told The Telegraph: “People in this situation will have to wait up to two years longer to access their money. “This could be a particular problem for those in hardship or facing cost of living pressures, for whom accessing a small pension pot could be a useful source of financial flexibility.” It is worth noting the NMPA is not the same as the state pension age - which is also set to rise in future. The NMPA age increase in 2028 has been planned to coincide with the state pension age increasing to 67. DON'T MISSDragons’ Den cast ‘impressed’ as entrepreneur tackles ‘tough time’ [LATEST]Energy bill fraud warning as Britons hit with dangerous email [WARNING]‘Really good value’ option could help you boost state pension [INSIGHT] From 2028 onwards, the NMPA will remain ten years below the state pension age. With both ages rising, it could mean Britons have to seriously reconsider their original retirement plans to take this into account. There are still some circumstances where a person could take money from their pot earlier than the NMPA. This can include those who are suffering from ill health, for example. People should always be vigilant about supposed offers to unlock pension access earlier than the NMPA. READ MORE: first direct offering account with 7% interest rate With the age rising, these offers are likely to be rife, however, they are most likely to be a scam. The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) states: “You should be very wary of any scheme offering to help you release cash from your pension before you’re 55, as it’s almost certainly a scam. “This may also be called ‘pension liberation’ or a ‘pension loan’, as it’s often claimed you will borrow money from your pension fund. “You could face a tax bill of 55 percent, plus other charges, on what you withdraw - and you could also lose all your money.” People will have to pay tax even if they didn’t realise they had broken the rules, or if they offer to put the money back into their pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Taking cash from one’s pension before 55 is unlikely to be in a person’s best interest, the FCA added. Individuals should be aware there has been a ban since January 2019 on unsolicited approaches by phone, text message, email or in person about pensions. This means Britons should not be contacted by anyone about their pension, unless they have specifically asked. Offers of ‘legal loopholes’ or ‘limited-time deals’ are likely to be key signs a scam is taking place. Britons can report these to Action Fraud online or by phone on 0300 123 2040.