With the accidental pre-release in the European country, many extracts from the memoir have been released to the public, including an alleged account of a physical attack by his brother, Prince William. However, according to royal expert Kinsey Schofield, the novel has painted the Duke of Sussex in a negative light. Appearing on Sunday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, hosts Roger Johnson and Nina Warhurst were speaking about Prince Harry’s upcoming autobiography set to drop next week. During their conversation, the duo welcomed American journalist and royal expert Kinsey Schofield onto the show to see how The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are being perceived in the United States. She claimed that the overall reception from the public in the USA has been pretty negative with many well-known celebrities mocking extracts from his book. She said: “Jimmy Kimmel who is one of our biggest late-night comedians who hosts a show on the ABC network has taken a couple of punches towards Prince READ MORE:1923 episode 4 cast    “A skit about the fight, the altercation, Prince Harry talks about with the dog bowl. He did a skit, I believe that was Wednesday night. “Then Thursday or Friday night he did a skit where he made fun of the frostbite story. Jimmy Fallon, another late-night host poking fun at Prince Harry over the frostbite story. “I think he’s become a bit of a punchline and I don’t think that that was the objective with this book.” The altercation the royal expert was referring to allegedly occurred between Harry and William where the 38-year-old claims his brother got physical with him.    In a segment of his memoir, titled Spare, Harry accused his brother of grabbing him by the collar and pushing him to the floor which resulted in him breaking a dog bowl and leaving him with bruises and scrapes. Another story that celebrities are mocking from the book includes a tale from his brother's wedding and the discomfort he was in. Days before the big day, Harry had embarked on a 200-mile Arctic charity walk which resulted in him getting frostbite in certain areas of his body, including his penis. DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Rhino’s identity as Busted star [REACTION] Lorraine Kelly slams scammers who used her to endorse diet pills [VIDEO] Coronation Street spoilers: Daniel Osbourne and Daisy's wedding doomed [SOAP]     An extract from the memoir reads: “While the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn’t. It was becoming more of an issue by the day.” The early release of his novel in Spain comes before the Duke’s in-depth exclusive chat with Tom Bradby on ITV which is set to air on Sunday, January 8. It’s believed that he’ll be discussing the strained relationship between King Charles and Prince William along with his wishes to reconcile. Viewers will also hear never-before-heard details concerning the death of his late mother, Princess Diana.    Touching more on how the royal is being perceived in the States, Kinsey added: “Some of the more liberal media outlets like CNN and the Today show that really supported the Sussexes have been negative about them based on the pages and stories that have come out of the book. “I would say that our country right now, we’re looking at a potential recession, inflation’s at an all-time high, there are strikes on the horizon. “Prince Harry’s complaining about titles and tiaras, it’s very unrelatable to people in the United States.” Harry: The Interview is on ITV1 and ITVX at 9pm on January 8 