Everton owner Farhad Moshiri has given under-fire manager Frank Lampard his full support ahead of this weekend’s relegation six-pointer against Southampton. Responding to a letter from the club’s fans forum outlining their concern about the current direction of the club, the Toffees majority stakeholder said he had no appetite for managerial change. And while he conceded Everton must improve their league position given they will welcome bottom club Saints in the relegation places and on a run of one win in 12 games in all competitions, he insisted there was no appetite to wield the axe. “I have faith in the work being done not only by our manager but our Director of Football (Kevin Thelwell) and our board of Directors,” he said. “That faith is based on my knowledge of the depth and quality of work being done both at Finch Farm and the Royal Liver Building - and of the plan that is in place. I am confident that we have skilled, experienced and focussed professionals at all levels of the club. We are all agreed that our current league position must and will improve.” JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu has hinted at new move for Barca exit-bound Raphinha Moshiri said that in his seven years at the club he has never been afraid of acting decisively with regard to managers. Since taking a majority share in February 2016 he has employed seven permanent first team managers and had five stop-gap interim or caretaker bosses. “We regularly review our performance and initiate change where we feel the club fall short of standard and this has meant we have seen a turnover of managers, Directors of Football and several board members,” he said. “As always we have striven to achieve success. Whilst in virtually every instance, change has been supported and encouraged by fans, stability must be the key to progression.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham and Liverpool 'casting eye' over £20m star Joao PalhinhaLeeds transfer in jeopardy due to £35m Georginio Rutter dealMan Utd 'disagree with Iqbal' with youngster eyeing move due to Mainoo A coalition of Everton fan groups will stage a sit-in protest after Saturday’s game. They are working together as part of the ‘All Together Now’ campaign to urge Moshiri to acknowledge their concerns about the direction of the club. A statement on the campaign’s website read: “The campaign calls on Farhad Moshiri to make sweeping changes at Chair, board and executive levels. It demands he brings in competent, experienced professionals who can reverse the club's decline and make the necessary changes to make Everton competitive once more. “At Everton's critical home game versus Southampton on Saturday fans are pledging their support to Frank Lampard and the team with a resumption of the coach greeting prior to the match and full-bloodied support during the game. “Immediately after full-time, Evertonians from all areas of the ground will join in a large-scale SIT IN which will highlight Farhad Moshiri's failure to change and strengthen Chair, board and executive positions at the club.”