January 16 marks Martin Luther King Day — the day after its namesake's birthday. One of the most prominent leaders in the civil rights movement from 1955 until his assassination in 1968, Martin Luther King Jr, or MLK, laid the foundations for a tide of change in government, and inspired generations to come. His holiday has been observed for 37 years and gives space and time for people from all over the world, not just the US, to reflect on the principles of racial equality and nonviolent social change led by King. Had he lived, he'd have celebrated his 94th birthday this year – here, Express.co.uk reflects on some of the lesser-known facts about one of the world's best-known faces. The speech, held on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C, was initially unrelated to his "dream". But, when gospel singer Mahalia Jackson shouted, "Tell them about the dream, Martin!", so began one of the most iconic moments of the civil rights movement and among the hardest-hitting speeches in US history. Hearing Ms Jackson, King revisited a sermon he had previously delivered in which he described a version of the American Dream — the dream many European migrants had sought in the 1920s — that was equal and accessible to all US citizens. He said: "I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the colour of their skin, but by the content of their character. I have a dream today." It was met with rapturous applause from the estimated 250,000 who had marched on Washington D.C.  Contrary to popular belief, MLK's real name was in fact Michael King. Born on January 15, 1929, he was named after his father. But six years later, his father visited Germany and learned about Martin Luther, the revolutionary religious leader who paved the way for the Protestant Reformation. MLK's father was so inspired that he decided to officially change both his and his eldest son's names to Martin Luther King. JUST IN: California braces for further flooding as POTUS declares disaster A year before World War 2 ended, aged 15, King was admitted to Morehouse College, where generations of his family had studied. The prestigious all-male college was historically majority black, and is to this day located in Atlanta Georgia, where King was born. It was here that, according to the King Institute, he became inspired to fight for social and political equality. While King was described as an "ordinary" student, his passion for justice and equal opportunity motivated him to become a preacher, which would lead to his involvement in social activism. King was arrested 30 times in his 13 years as a civil rights leader. These detentions were mainly for things like misdemeanours and civil protest violations, according to the King Center. After being arrested in October 1960 at a sit-in protest in Atlanta, he was arrested and held in Georgia State prison from where he wrote to his wife, Coretta, that he hoped the "excessive suffering that is now coming to our family will in some little way serve to make Atlanta a better city, Georgia a better state, and America a better country". DON'T MISS Martin Luther King Jr statue worth $10 million receives mixed review [REPORT] Man found alive after three days 'at bottom of the sea' [INSIGHT] BLM founder's cousin dies after being repeatedly tasered by police [ANALYSIS] King is believed to have written five books in his lifetime, and published collections of his letters and sermons. Perhaps one of the widest read, his 1964 book Why We Can't Wait, recalled the string of events which led to the landmark Birmingham, Alabama, campaign to end segregation. MLK's life came to an abrupt and premature end on April 4, 1968, when he was assassinated by fugitive James Earl Ray. It wasn't the first attempt, however. Ten years earlier, King was approached by a mentally ill woman while he was signing copies of his then-latest book, Stride Toward Freedom, in Harlem. Confirming with him that he was in fact the Martin Luther King Jr of the civil rights movement, she presented a seven-inch blade and stabbed him with it. Doctors said he was a "sneeze away from death" after he was admitted to hospital, as the knife had been plunged so close to his aorta. After learning that the woman was mentally ill, King said: "I bear no bitterness toward her," calling for her to be treated better. According to the BBC, Nichelle Nichols, the original Lt Nyota Ohura in Star Trek, was once introduced to someone claiming to be "her biggest fan", a Dr Martin Luther King, Jr. She had left her role just days before meeting the Baptist at an awards ceremony, and when she told him the news, King was steadfast in his opinion that she must not resign, she later told the Television Academy Foundation. Tragically, King's mother, Alberta, was also assassinated. On June 30, 1974, six years after her son's murder, a 23-year-old shot and killed Alberta as she played the organ during a service at Ebenezer Baptist Church. In an interview with Gayle King late last year, actor Julia Roberts revealed that the King family had paid for her hospital bills on the day she was born, in 1967. She explained that her family had become close with the Kings because her parents welcomed MLK's children into their Atlanta acting school. When her family couldn't afford to pay her birth hospital bills, King and Coretta "helped us out of a jam", she said.