A woman named Hayley posted a video to TikTok to describe her Tinder date with accused Idaho murderer Bryan Kohberger seven years ago. In a video which has been viewed more than a million times, she claimed the 28-year-old suspect "kept trying to touch her" and said she had "good birthing hips". She claimed: "We matched on Tinder. We talked for a couple hours and then he was like, 'Hey, you want to go to the movies with me tonight?' "I was like, sure. So we went to the movies." She added Kohberger "invited himself inside" her college dorm after suggesting to watch another film. Hayley went on to claim he "kept trying to touch me". "Not like inappropriately, just like trying to tickle and like, rub my shoulder and stuff." She claimed that Kohberger was attempting to "gaslight me into thinking that he didn't touch me, which is weird." READ MORE: Surviving roommate of Idaho killer defended for delayed police call  She noted that she did not feel in danger and wasn't "scared of him" but did force him to leave by pretending to throw up in the bathroom. It comes as Idaho police pieced together DNA evidence, cellphone data and surveillance video to charge a criminology graduate student with the November slaying of four University of Idaho undergraduates, according to an affidavit unsealed Thursday. The affidavit says DNA matching that of Kohberger was found on a knife sheath recovered at the crime scene, just a short drive across the state border where he is a criminal justice doctoral student at Washington State University. The affidavit also says that a cellphone belonging to Kohberger was near the victims’ home on a dozen occasions prior to the killings, and that while it was apparently turned off around the time of the early-morning attack, cell tower data place his phone in that region of Idaho shortly afterward. Kohberger made his first appearance Thursday in an Idaho court, where he faces four charges of first-degree murder. He did not enter a plea, and was ordered held without bail. The affidavit details a chilling encounter between one of the victims' surviving roommates and a masked intruder the night of the stabbings in Moscow, Idaho. But many questions remain unanswered, including whether Kohberger and any of the victims knew each other, and why police weren’t alerted until nearly eight hours after the killings likely occurred. DON'T MISS Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged ‘Please, come tomorrow’ [INSIGHT]Controversial influencer Andrew Tate loses appeal to end detention [VIDEO]Jailed Ghislaine Maxwell hosting ‘etiquette’ classes for inmates [ANALYSIS] Traces of DNA from a lone male later determined to be Kohberger were found on the button of a leather knife sheath found in the rental home where the victims were killed, according to the affidavit written by Brett Payne, a police corporal in Moscow. Investigators later closely matched the DNA on the sheath to DNA found in trash taken from Kohberger’s parents’ home in Pennsylvania, where he was arrested last week. The sheath had a US Marine Corps insignia on it, though there's no record of Kohberger having served in the military. The attack that occurred in the early morning hours of an off-campus home had spread fear throughout the university and surrounding area for weeks, as authorities seemed stumped by the brutal stabbings. Investigators made a breakthrough, however, after searching for a white sedan that was seen near the crime scene around the time of the killings. Surveillance footage captured near the off-campus house showed that a white sedan — later identified as a Hyundai Elantra — drove by the home three times in the early morning hours of November 13, returning a fourth time at about 4.04 am. The car was next spotted on surveillance cameras leaving the victims home 16 minutes later “at a high rate of speed,” according to the affidavit. The same car was later spotted on a different camera headed toward Pullman, Washington, the town where Washington State University and Kohberger’s apartment are located.