A gang of Bitcoin fraudsters made so much money that they handed out £5,000 gift cards to people in the street and bought cars for people they met in the pub. Stephen Boys, Kelly Caton, Jordan Robinson and James Austin-Beddoes have now been sentenced for their roles in the £22million conspiracy, in which they exploited a loophole to siphon off money from James Parker's trading account on an Australian-based cryptocurrency exchange. Parker, the ringleader, masterminded the racket from his home in Blackpool, Lancashire. He died in 2021 before he could be brought to justice, reports Manchester Evening News. But Parker's corrupt financial adviser Stephen Boys, nicknamed "Rodney" after the character in Only Fools and Horses, helped launder the stolen funds between October 2017 and January 2018. The scam made so much money that £5,000 gift cards were handed out to people in the street and cars were bought for people Parker met in the pub. During the trial, Boys told the court how he took £1million cash in a suitcase to buy a villa from Russians he met in the back office of an estate agent. During the investigation, police recovered 445 Bitcoin, then worth £22million, along with luxury watches, houses, cars and designer goods, including a £600 wine cooler. They also found more than £1million in bank accounts. Boys worked with a UK national based in Dubai to convert the cryptocurrency into cash. It was then laundered through various foreign based online accounts. Detective Sergeant David Wainwright, of Lancashire Police's Fraud Unit, said: "The scale of the fraud in this case is absolutely staggering and led to the suspects literally having more money than they could spend. I would like to pay tribute to all the agencies who worked closely together to bring these people to justice." A Crown Prosecution Service spokesman said: "A very significant amount of the laundered assets have been returned or are in the process of being recovered on the behalf of the Australian cryptocurrency exchange." Prosecutor Jonathan Kelleher added: "These offenders used the internet from the comfort of their own homes to obtain tens of millions of pounds worth of Bitcoin which did not belong to them."  Boys, 59, and from Clayton-le-Moors, Lancashire, was found guilty of converting and transferring criminal property and jailed for six years. Kelly Caton, 45, and from Blackpool, was convicted of fraud, converting and acquiring criminal property and jailed for four-and-a-half years. Jordan Robinson, 24, of Fleetwood, Lancashire, was found guilty of fraud, converting and acquiring criminal property and also jailed for four-and-a-half years. James Austin-Beddoes, 28, and from Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, found guilty of fraud and acquiring criminal property. He pleaded guilty to converting criminal property earlier and was jailed for 18 months, suspended for one year.