Bryan Kohberger's defence counsel will not be able to cite insanity in their argument against accusations of murdering four University of Idaho students last November. The 28-year-old PhD student is currently facing four first-degree murder charges for the death of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, in Moscow, Idaho. Although Idaho courts have not accepted the insanity defence since 1982, former CIA agent and FBI special adviser Tracy Walder reckons the defence will still be able to use his mental state to build a case. Ms Walder said: "He actually cannot use it in Idaho. We're so used to hearing about it because so many States allow it, [but] in this case I think his mental state may mean something to the defence, however, they can't use it in a plea. "We have to be really careful with that because just because you may suffer from a mental illness of some sort does not make one a murderer. "So yes, it gives us insight into perhaps some of the struggle that he had but I'm someone who suffers from PTSD from my time in Afghanistan – that doesn't make someone commit a violent act. "It gives us insight, it may be used towards motive but it's not something that he'll be able to use in any kind of a defence." READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime  Kohberger said he was "eager to be exonerated" following his arrest and he waived his right to an extradition hearing after he was apprehended at his parents' home in Pennsylvania on December 30. He later waived his right to a speedy preliminary hearing, with the Latah County Courthouse judge presiding over his latest appearance in a court setting the date for the hearing for June 26. Ms Walder said the six-month gap between court outings is normal, and suggested Kohberger's defence team will use the time to hire "their own experts" to review available evidence. She added: "Given the sheer volume of evidence, the crime scene and how many people were victims in this case, six months is actually quite typical.  "You wouldn't want to go too much longer than that because that would be depriving him of his right to a speedy trial. "But really what you're going to see is them hiring their own experts, their own witnesses to come in to evaluate the evidence, reevaluate the crime scene, try to do everything they can to poke holes in that probable cause affidavit. "At the same time, you're going to have the prosecution who is also – remember, in that probable cause they don't have to put everything, they just have to put enough information to get an arrest warrant for him – going to be compiling all of the evidence that they have they didn't include in that probable cause affidavit." The probable cause affidavit Moscow Police presented to obtain an arrest warrant for the 28-year-old stated DNA found at the murder scene was tracked back to Kohberger through genealogical testing. DON'T MISSRobert Hur: Joe Biden's special counsel was Trump appointee [INSIGHT]Killer whale weighing over 6,000 pounds dies after beaching itself [ANALYSIS]Multiple fatalities reported as Alabama battered by massive tornado [VIDEO] The affidavit said DNA matching that of Bryan Kohberger was found on a knife sheath recovered at the crime scene, just a short drive across the state border where he is a criminal justice doctoral student at Washington State University. The affidavit also says that a cellphone belonging to Kohberger was near the victims’ home on a dozen occasions prior to the murder and that while it was apparently turned off around the time of the early-morning attack, cell tower data place his phone in that region of Idaho shortly afterwards. Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were found dead in their rooms on the morning of November 13. Two roommates, including one who slept on the same floor as one of the victims, survived the attack and alerted the police when they discovered the bodies. Moscow Police said during the press conference announcing Kohberger's arrest on December 30 they were confident the right suspect had been caught. Police Chief James Fry said: "We have an individual in custody who committed these horrible crimes. And I do believe our community is safe."