Novak Djokovic has called on the Australian Open to alter their schedule after late-night finishes became the talk of the tournament when Andy Murray needed five hours and 45 minutes to defeat Thanasi Kokkinakis at 4.05am in the second round. The Brit pointed out that sleep and rest were essential for players to recover, something Djokovic can agree with as he is dealing with a hamstring injury that is leaving him forced to resort to using “pills and hot cream”.   Murray’s second-round match sparked a debate over after becoming his latest finish and longest tie ever as he came from two sets and 2-5 down to beat Kokkinakis 4-6 6-7(4) 7-6(5) 6-3 7-5. While tournament director Craig Tiley claimed there was “no need” to alter the 7pm night session start, Djokovic has now weighed in and backed the world No 66 before his own prime time showdown with Alex de Minaur. “Well, I think that players' input is always important for tournament organisation,” the fourth seed said in response to Murray’s comments, with the three-time Major winner suggesting that the day session be reduced to two matches instead of three. “Whether it's decisive, we know that it's not because it comes down to what the TV broadcasters want to have. That's the ultimate decision maker.” While the nine-time champion in Melbourne understood the factors going into the scheduling decisions, he continued:  “I would agree with his points. I think we have days when the day sessions go longer, but probably more days statistically in average where they finish, say, 5, 6 max, and you can start night session an hour earlier at least. I agree with him.”  JUST IN: John McEnroe offers after solution after Nadal and Djokovic complaints   And Djokovic explained just how tough it was to recover from a late-night finish, with the Serb knowing better than anyone how important it is to maintain his body while currently struggling with his hamstring. “I think for us players... For the crowd, it's entertaining, it's exciting, to have matches midnight, 1, 2, 3am,” he added. “For us, it's really gruelling. Even if you go through and win, prevail in these kind of matches, you still have to come back. You have your sleeping cycle, rhythm disrupted completely, not enough time really to recover for another five-setter. Yeah, something needs to be addressed I guess in terms of the schedule after what we've seen this year.” He echoed Murray’s sentiment, after the five-time Aussie Open finalist said: “I'm sure if you went and spoke to some sleep experts and sports scientists etc, the people that actually really know what's important for athletes to recover, they would tell you that sleep is the number one thing. That's the most important thing.” DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu can learn from Jelena Ostapenko as Latvian upsets GauffCoco Gauff in tears as she follows Iga Swiatek out of Australian OpenJohn McEnroe rubbishes Australian Open complaint made by Nadal and co  And Djokovic will hope that tournament organisers take note of his and Mruray’s comments as he continues to make his way through the draw while carrying a hamstring injury that has seen him forced to take multiple medical time-outs in his opening three rounds. “It kind of always starts well in the last few matches, including this one, and then some movement happens and then it gets worse,” he said, describing the issue following his win over Grigor Dimitrov.