Piers Morgan addressed the "grovelling" apology  Jeremy Clarkson shared on his Instagram on Monday. Jeremy said he has apologised to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex over his column in The Sun in which he said he "hated" Meghan Markle "on a cellular level". While Piers called Jeremy's comments "completely inappropriate", he also defended the 62-year-old's apology.  During Monday's instalment of Piers Morgan: Uncensored, the outspoken presenter debated Prince Harry's book with his guests. Turning his attention toward Jeremy, Piers said: "One person who has made a very grovelling apology today is Jeremy Clarkson whose now infamous column on Meghan sparked a predictable backlash. "To be clear, the comments he said were completely inappropriate and wrong, he should not have said them. "It was a dumb joke and I think he now recognises it was a moment of madness. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "All columnists have had them, I've had them myself." Piers claimed the lengthy apology on Jeremy's Instagram page "wasn't enough" for Harry whose spokesperson hit back by saying the article was not an isolated incident. The Sun apologised for the column in December and removed it from its website. Within the column, Jeremy said he lay in bed "dreaming of the day when she [Meghan] is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her".  Later on, Piers locked horns with his guest Tessa Dunlop over Jeremy's apology as the TalkTV host defended the former Top Gear presenter. "Here is my problem with it, can't he apologise enough, is no apology acceptable?" Piers asked. Tessa claimed Jeremy apologised following reports Amazon has "axed" Clarkson's Farm and The Grand Tour. Amazon has declined to comment on the claims made about the two shows hosted by Jeremy. DON'T MISS...Piers told Harry is passionate royalist who 'wants to save monarchy' [UPDATE]Piers Morgan tells Prince Harry and Meghan to 'apologise' [LATEST]Lineker gives Arsenal Premier League backing as Morgan gets excited [INSIGHT] When asked if Jeremy should be cancelled from the airwaves Tessa said: "To be honest, we've had a lot of Clarkson over the years, so bring in a fresh lot." She also lambasted "misogynistic" comments Jeremy made within his column in The Sun. However, Piers interjected: "So what about all the hideous misogynistic things Harry says in his book? "I'm talking about the matron he called ugly and greasy and didn't make the boys horny."   Piers said misogyny needed to be taken more seriously and claimed Harry's book is "laced with misogyny". He also referred to the Duke calling the Queen Consort Camilla a "villain" in recent weeks. Harry said he had "huge compassion" for his stepmother but during his 60 Minute interview before he claimed her affair with King Charles III made her the "villain". Spare, Harry's 416-page memoir, was released on January 10. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs on weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV.  