Wout Weghorst has opened up on advice he received from Erik ten Hag upon moving to Manchester United earlier this month. The Netherlands international joined on loan from Burnley, having spent the first half of the campaign at Besiktas. And he’s already on a mission to earn a permanent move to Old Trafford at the end of the season. Manchester United always knew they needed a striker this month to fill the void left behind by Cristiano Ronaldo’s sudden exit in November. Joao Felix and Alvaro Morata were two players to quickly emerge as targets but, in the end, Weghorst arrived instead. The United frontman drew a blank in his first two outings for the club, against Crystal Palace and Arsenal. But he registered his first goal for the Red Devils in their comfortable 3-0 victory over Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night. And Weghorst has now opened up on what Ten Hag told him before his move to United, while revealing he’d love to stay at the club permanently. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big "Of course I want to stay longer,” he said. "I've seen the first week and how big the club is, in everything, the facilities, the club, even the quality in the team and the way we're playing. "There's a lot of quality in everything and that's something you look to work in, to be in a winning atmosphere. "I think the first week went well and it's up to me to deliver and contribute and help the team as much as I can. I'm quite confident I can play a role in it. "This is the situation now. It was for a loan, but this is a massive club, so I will try to do everything as good as I can and if it will work out it will be a good option. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see "The manager told me to deliver and help the team. We were looking for a target man. That was something the club was looking for. “They just wanted to add one - and now it's up to me to take my chances." One player shining at United currently is Marcus Rashford. The England international has netted 18 goals across all competitions, with 10 coming in his last 10 matches. And Weghorst has revealed he’s struck up a positive rapport with the 25-year-old, saying: "He's delivering every week and you see it in training. He's got a lot of quality. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He's also a really good guy, a really open guy. He was the first one who came to me when I scored my goal. "We have a good relationship. You see the qualities he has. He's extremely important for us, the way we play, he's a massive part of it." In a separate interview after United’s win over Forest, Weghorst praised the result. “It's a great result, a great first win in the first match, but of course now it’s a big opportunity to go to the final,” he said. “There’s one match to go. If we play like we did in the second half where we were more calm on the ball, with more easy play, and just controlled the game, then I don’t see any reason to get in trouble next week. “But of course, it’s a match and you saw in the first half, we have to deliver and do things well otherwise you can get in trouble. “We were lucky with the 1-1 [Forest's equaliser] that was cancelled. “We have to be ready and we have to be focused. You’re never allowed to give this away.”