Former heavyweight world champion Joseph Parker defeated England's Jack Massey via unanimous decision with scorecards of 96-93,97-92 and 97-93. Cheered on by his teammate and friend Tyson Fury, Parker rebounded from his recent defeat to Joe Joyce as he improved his record to 31-3. However, he will be disappointed not to stop Massey, who has mostly operated at the domestic cruiserweight level. Parker came out of the blocks looking to make a statement early doors, letting rip with a quick double jab, left hook combination. The former 200lber responded with a good chopping right hand and would be pleased with the way he competed in the opener. In the second, Parker began to let his hands go more and tagged Massey with some good shots while remaining patient. Massey continued to circle the ring as Parker edged forwards with his feet, but the Derbyshire boxer remained tight and compact throughout. Through four rounds, Parker was streaming ahead on scorecards but outside of a few right hands, not much clean was landing. Massey, visibly on high alert, made things awkward for the former WBO heavyweight champion, covering up and smothering the Kiwi’s work. By round six, Massey began to warm into the contest as his confidence grew. Although not doing enough to nick six and seven, the middle rounds were considerably more competitive. But in round eight Massey came out positively and used his speed advantage to good effect, bouncing in and out of range with fast straight shots. It would have likely been the first round he had won, however, the Brit was deducted a point for pushing down Parker’s head. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury boxing 'Paris-sized' Usyk as Brit told wife has bigger shoulders Eubank Jr set for colossal payday versus Smith as fight purses leaked Eubank Jr was once floored in three seconds by bare-knuckle champion In rounds nine and ten, Parker, came forward looking to impose his considerable size advantage and wear down his fleet-footed foe. A big exchange in the final minute buckled Massey’s knee but didn’t do enough to deter the 29-year-old who willingly engaged in an exciting back-and-forth down the home straight. Scorecards of 96-93,97-92 and 97-93 in Parker's favour seemed a little narrow. Although it wasn't his best performance, he should have taken it by wider margins. 