Stefanos Tsitsipas has confessed to receiving a "wake-up call" after Novak Djokovic beat him 6-3 7-6(4) 7-6(5) to win the Australian Open. It was just his second Grand Slam final while the Serb picked up his 10th title in Melbourne and 22nd overall Major, inspiring Tsitsipas to take his career to the next level. Tsitsipas played and lost his second Grand Slam final to Djokovic on Sunday as the Serb needed two hours and 56 minutes to beat him in straight sets. It was a much more one-sided match compared to the 24-year-old's first championship match at a Major where he led Djokovic by two sets at the 2021 French Open before losing in five, but Tsitsipas admitted he was happy to get his "a** kicked". During his runner-up speech, the world No 4 called his opponent the "greatest player" to hold a tennis racket and he doubled-down in his post-match press conference, also throwing Nadal and Federer into the mix as he admitted Djokovic's dedication was a good "wake-up call" for him. "Look, I'm not making anything up. The numbers speak for themselves. It's 22, isn't it?" he started. "We have other great champions, too, like Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer also, in my opinion, one of the best our sport has ever seen. But not only our sport, sports in general.  think we're blessed that we have three big champions like this. I don't want to give the whole title to him, because I believe there are other players that have contributed a lot, and they're the main reason I am here today as well. Novak is one of them, too. I've been watching him as a kid, as well. I really liked the way he did things on the court with his game." JUST IN: Elena Rybakina hits back at 'disturbing' coach comments after Aus Open  Watch every match from Roland-Garros, 28 May - June 11, LIVE and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport While Tsitsipas chose to include the rest of the Big Three he had no regrets over his GOAT claim as he explained how Djokovic's dominance was encouraging him. "But, yeah, I definitely meant it. He has earned it with so much dedication that he has put in, with so much professionalism in his everyday life. It's a wake-up call for me to sort of do the same. I can only learn from that. I can only use that for my benefit. I'm blessed that I get the opportunity to do that," he continued. And the nine-time title winner went a step further as he confessed he thought it was good for his generation to get their "a**** kicked" by players like Djokovic to help them become stronger in the future. Explaining what it was like to face the 22-time Grand Slam champion, he said: "Novak is a player that pushes you to your limits. I don't see this as a curse. I don't see this as something, like, annoying. This is very good for the sport, to have competitors like him, to have champions like him." DON'T MISSAustralian Open boss sends Wimbledon clear message over Russia banRybakina's coach slammed after Kazakh suffers Aus Open final heartacheRybakina tipped to follow in Osaka's footsteps despite Aus Open loss   Tsitsipas continued: "He's very important for us that want to get to his point one day. Getting our a**es kicked is for sure a very good lesson every single time. "He has made me a much better player. He has made my levels of concentration higher and higher every single time I get to play him. You have to be really involved and you have to be dedicated to the game when you play against him. "I find it a very important part of my career, to have a player like him that will help me grow better and do bigger things, speaking for my game." 