Scottish transport tycoon Dame Ann Gloag has been charged with human trafficking offences. Her husband David McCleary and two other members of their family have also been charged.  A news report by the Scottish Daily Mail reported that the 80-year-old multi-millionaire and philanthropist was charged after a police interview on Thursday. Ms Ann is one of Scotland's richest woman and co-founded Stagecoach. She has six children, 13 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. It has been reported that she was accompanied by her husband David McCleary, 72, when she voluntarily attended Livingston Police Station in West Lothian.   Her stepdaughter and daughter-in-law Sarah Gloag, 47, and her son-in-law Paul McNeil were also questioned by detectives investigating allegations of human trafficking and all four were charged. However, all four strongly deny the charges against them. A spokesman for Dame Ann said: “Whilst we cannot comment on the details of an ongoing investigation, Dame Ann strongly disputes the malicious allegations that have been made against her, her foundation and members of her family, and will vigorously defend herself and the work of her foundation to protect her legacy and continue her work helping thousands of people in the UK and abroad every year.” Police Scotland confirmed that four people were charged in connection with an investigation into alleged human trafficking and immigration offences. READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to take action after schoolgirl viciously attacked    A spokesperson said a report would be sent to the Scottish prosecution service, the Procurator Fiscal. Dame Ann, co-founder of the international transport company Stagecoach, served as an executive director with the firm until May 2000. She founded Freedom From Fistula in 2008 and expanded the charity to help more than 20,000 women and children across Africa. The charity is dedicated to helping women and girls who are injured and left incontinent following prolonged, obstructed childbirth. DON'T MISS:Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan [INSIGHT]Elle Edward’s father grieves ‘Christmas will never be same’ [SPOTLIGHT]New poll suggests more than three in five patients support NHS strike [REVEAL] Dame Ann previously helped establish a hospital in Malawi and also founded Kenya Children’s Homes in 2002 which now educates and cares for more than 1,500 children every year. In 2019, she was awarded the honour of Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire by the late Queen in recognition of her business and charitable endeavours. Dame Ann has a combined worth of £730million together with her brother, Sir Brian Souter, 68. She has previously told how she amassed her wealth by "fighting for survival". 