Dehumidifiers are commonly used in areas of the home with high levels of humidity, places where pollutants, allergens and bacteria often develop and thrive. This means they can be used in any room within the home, but are often placed in conservatories, kitchens and bathrooms. With laundry hard to dry during the winter months, I put my dehumidifier to the test to see if it could dry wet clothing alone, without the help of any heating. Dehumidifiers are great electronic devices and work by drawing air from around the room through a series of very cold coils, according to Argos. When warm, humid air hits these coils within the machine, it condenses and forms droplets of water which enter into the collection tank. The air is then reheated before being released back into the home to create a stable humidity level. Laundry can seem impossible to dry in the winter months, especially with the rising cost of living meaning lots of households are being forced to reduce energy usage. DON'T MISS: Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ This means cutting down on the heating used as well as tumble dryers, which can be one of the most energy-intensive household appliances. I purchased a dehumidifier last year to help dry my washing along with heating, but decided to see if it could dry wet washing on its own, without the help of anything else. To make it a fair test, I made sure to wash a variety of different materials, all of different thickness, to see if the dehumidifier worked well. After making sure to do an extra spin cycle on the washing machine, I hung out the wet laundry on two different airers, the Dunelm Concertina Rubber Wood Matt Black Indoor Airer and my Wilko Over Door Drying Rack. DON'T MISS:Four ‘efficient’ methods to ‘kill’ weeds on driveways and patios [EXPERT]Five interior design trends seeing a huge ‘decline’ in 2023 [EXPLAINER]Five steps to prolong the life of your washing machine [COMMENT] I often use two airers to make sure the clothing has enough space on the airer to dry. I then placed my dehumidifier close to the wet laundry, made sure the water tank was empty and closed the door to the room. I purchased my dehumidifier from Argos last year for £130 and it is called the Challenge 10 Litre Dehumidifier. On the website, the description reads: “Are things getting a bit steamy? “Can’t kick condensation to the curb? The Challenge 10 litre dehumidifier will sort it. Turn it on first thing or just before you get some shut eye and let it get to work. “The visible water level allows you to see how much liquid is removed, it can extract 10 litres of moisture per day.” READ MORE: You could be ‘poisoning’ your plants with ‘hard water’ After two hours, I went and checked on the wet laundry to see how it was doing. The smaller items of clothing, such as underwear and socks, were already dry, but the larger items were still wet and needed more time. I decided to leave it another two hours before checking on it again, and by this time, the dehumidifier’s water tank was already half full, showing how much moisture there was in the air. After four hours of drying my clothes with the dehumidifier on, the clothing was dry. It also wasn’t cold to touch, which I often find happens during the winter months. It was completely dry, meaning I could put the clothing straight back into my drawers and wardrobe, without having to let it air out a little. I was so surprised to see just how quick the device worked, considering just how cheap they are to run. While this will vary between households, my dehumidifier runs at around 18p per hour, meaning it costs me 72p to dry a large amount of clothing. This is significantly less than a tumble dryer, which could cost around £1.80 per cycle, depending on your appliance. However, a dehumidifier has so many more benefits to the home than a tumble dryer, although warm and fluffy towels are hard to beat. Argos are now stocking the same dehumidifier for £10, at £140 for the 10 litre device. While they are an initial investment, I believe they are worth it due to the range of benefits they provide. Other benefits include reducing damp, mould and mildew as well as any musty odours which may accompany them. They can also help to remove airborne impurities which can trigger allergies. They may also help those suffering with asthma and help by making homes healthier, drier and more comfortable to be in.