Back on June 6 in 2022 as a beleaguered Boris Johnson just held on to the Tory leadership by the skin of his teeth, Michael Gove came out to tell everyone who would listen that the then Prime Minister was going nowhere and was "focusing on the people's priorities". The line was repeated the next day as Mr Johnson brought his cabinet together. Within a month he had to announce he was going. It appears the people's priorities are a convenient life-raft for under-siege Prime Ministers to grab hold of even if they still do not help them remain afloat. The choppy waters which Mr Sunak is floundering in feature an NHS in crisis, the worst strikes since the 1970s, a cost of living crisis and an illegal migrant emergency which appears to be getting worse rather than better. The opinion polls show the Conservatives are sinking at the moment, with Labour a long way above them - and the weight of a resurgent Reform UK is pulling them down further. So Mr Sunak needed more than talking about "the people's priorities", he needed a plan. Somehow telling people he wants teenagers to learn maths up to 18, while worthy, was never going to float people's boats. Indeed, even before he spoke, former Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, a Boris Johnson loyalist, was out on Twitter pouring scorn on the plan. She Tweeted: "Three years of a progressive Tory government being washed down the drain. Levelling up, dumped. Social care reform, dumped. Keeping young and vulnerable people safe online, watered down. A bonfire of EU leg, not happening. Sale of C4 giving back £2b reversed. Replaced with what? "A policy at some time in the future to teach maths for longer with teachers we don’t yet even have to do so. Where is the mandate - who voted for this? Will now be almost impossible to face the electorate at a GE and expect voters to believe or trust our manifesto commitments." However, Mr Sunak did have a plan. In fact he had a five point plan - halve inflation this year, grow the economy (supporters of Liz Truss sniggered on that one!), reduce national debt, cut NHS waiting times and "stop the boats" of illegal migrants. To be fair on Mr Sunak, if he pulls off that five point plan and can demonstrate to people that things have improved then he may stand a chance of making the unlikely comeback those close to him believe he can still pull off in an election in 2024. It was a change though from the "people's priorities" of Mr Johnson. Reform of social care has been watered down, removing EU red tape is off the list and gone have been those two words "levelling up". Mr Sunak was actually refreshingly honest. "I will only promise what I can deliver and I will deliver what what I promise." He added: "No ambiguity, no tricks". READ MORE: Sunak promises 'no tricks or ambiguity' as PM unveils 5-point plan Essentially, what Mr Sunak was trying to do is lower people's expectations. He has limited himself to making progress in five areas not even completely solving the problems. No wonder the BBC's Chris Mason asked: "Is that it?" But what else can he do? The Government has very little money after paying tens of billions for the covid lockdown, something he ruefully admitted. In getting rid of Ms Truss and keeping Jeremy Hunt as Chancellor he has tied himself to a policy of high taxation in the short term and probably the medium term too. There is little to give away. But what Mr Sunak can do is try to restore the Conservative's reputation for competency. If he achieves his five promses then that will help restore trust. DON'T MISS Varadkar slammed for letting slip 'obvious' EU errors in 'confession' [REVEAL] Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes [REACT] The 'trial of Boris' in 2023 will harm the reputation of Parliament [INSIGHT] The hope is that he does not have to do a Boris and promise the world to beat Labour and Sir Kier Starmer. It is not as if Starmer is a hugely inspiring opponent as Tony Blair was for John Major. And Labour are not coming out with exciting policies which are setting the agenda. Gary Gibbon from Channel 4 News (still in public ownership) asked Sunak if he was the technocrat brought in to save the country, something which he noted had happened twice recently in Italy. While Mr Sunak laughed it is hard to escape the analogy. He may have Boris Johnson's language but he does not have his high vaulting ambition to transform the country or generate the same excitement. But perhaps all that matters is that, unlike his predecessor, he can be trusted to get the job done.