Bradley Walsh, 62, has presented The Chase since it began in 2009, with Anne Hegerty, 64, joining the show as The Governess in its second series. The Governess was asked by Express.co.uk if she could see anyone replacing Bradley on the show, admitting "she can think of a few" in the revealing interview. Anne works on The Chase alongside fellow chasers Darragh Ennis, Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan. Bradley has presented the show since it started and has become an integral part of the famous ITV quiz show. Express.co.uk asked Anne if she could imagine Bradley ever leaving the show, with The Governess opening up about the possibility. She said: "People keep trying to have this conversation with me and I'm just like 'Can't hear you!' READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss "I can't imagine the idea of Bradley leaving us and having to find someone else. "I suppose I could think of a couple of names that might but Bradley is just an integral part of the whole show and his rapport with the contestants and with us. "It's just I can't imagine him being replaced! "He once said to me 'The Chase is my pension' and I really do hope that he regards it that way and he has no plans to go anywhere." The Chase sees contestants go against Britain's biggest brains in a bid to take home the prize money, however, things on the show do not always go to plan. As reported by The Mirror, some things appear to go incredibly wrong on the show, as Bradley doesn't actually get to see the questions any sooner than the contestants. This means they are unrehearsed, making room for the mishaps with the questions Bradley has on the show. Bradley previously told the Radio Times: "If there is a slight misread, I am stopped immediately - bang - by the lawyers. We have compliance lawyers in the studio all the time. DON'T MISSS... Dame Laura Kenny announces baby news with beau Jason Kenny [COMMENT] Richard Gere in rare red carpet appearance with decades younger wife [PICS] Ageless Jane Fonda exercises in tracksuit after positive cancer update [HEALTH] "You have to go back to the start of the question, literally on video tape where my mouth opens - or where it’s closed from the previous question - and the question is re-asked. It is stopped to the split second. It means no time is lost for either the contestant or the Chaser." Bradley also touched on the "speed" he has to ensure he completes his job to make the show fair. He continued: "I have to make sure they get up to speed and they’re getting about 18 or 19 questions answered correctly. That’s the real banana skin score. "Once the Chasers get in a rhythm there’s no stopping them. They can answer 24, or 25 questions in two minutes. We’ve even almost reached 30." Anne makes sure to have a social media presence to comment on The Chase while also sharing her daily thoughts. Recently she responded to a book window display of Prince Harry's book Spare cheekily interspersed with copies of Bella Mackie’s best seller, How To Kill Your Family. Anne then reacted to the post with a "rolling on the floor laughing" emoji, with the caption "PMSL", which means "p***ing myself laughing". You can watch The Chase weekdays on ITV at 5pm