Matty Healy has been accused of carrying out a "Nazi salute" while on stage with his band, The 1975. The accusations follow a video clip which surfaced on Twitter which seemed to show Healy holding his arm out in the same style as Adolf Hitler. Twitter user Nat posted the video which included Healy singing the lyrics from the band's hit song Love It If We Made It. During the performance, he crooned: "Thank you, Kanye, very cool," while he carried out a move that reminded some fans of a Nazi salute. Nat captioned the video suggesting it was a Nazi salute. Representatives for Matty Healy have declined to comment on this story. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives from The 1975 to comment on this story. The song's lyrics have been around since before Kanye's antisemitic comments last month. In December, the rapper appeared on Alex Jones' podcast InfoWars, and during their discussion, the host said: "You’re not Hitler, you’re not a Nazi, so you don’t deserve to be demonised." Kanye jumped in to say: "Well I see good things about Hitler also. I love everyone and Jewish people are not going to tell me: 'You can love us and you can love what we're doing to you with the contracts, and you can love what we're pushing with the pornography,' but this guy that invented highways, invented the very microphone that I use as a musician, you can’t say out loud that this person ever did anything good and I am done with that. I am done with the classifications. Every human being has something of value that they brought to the table, especially Hitler." Fans of Healy and The 1975 were not happy, and have sounded off on Twitter with their disdain. One wrote: "another reason to hate matt healy this man has no self awareness jesus." (sic) A second agreed: “Why are ppl tryna defend matty healy doing a Nazi Salute? Are u hearing urself? Don’t do a nazi salute? No matter what? There’s literally no excuse.” (sic) A third raged: "like what the hell is this? especially during the kanye line like what?" (sic) Further furious fans went on: "Like f****ng hell, doing anything that remotely makes you look like a Nazi, you just stop doing it." (sic) Another went on: "absolutely sickening" before one continued: "this genuinely hurt as a Jewish woman who has loved their music since I was 15.” (sic) The British rockers are currently on tour in Ireland and will soon move over to South America, where they will play Mexico and Colombia. SOURCE / SOURCE