Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has claimed that 'it is not fair' for players and managers to try and intimidate referees. The comments came ahead of Sunday's North London Derby with Arsenal receiving two consecutive charges for failing to control their players in the 0-0 draw with Newcastle and the 3-0 win over Oxford. Tottenham and Arsenal will face off for the second time this season as the two north London rivals aim to claim bragging rights for their supporters. Both clubs have much to play for, with the Gunners challenging for the Premier League title and Spurs fighting for the top four. The mind games have already begun in the pre-match press conferences with Conte suggesting Arsenal's recent behaviour has been 'unfair'. Mikel Arteta's side have received two FA charges in the space of six days for their players' reaction to handball decisions against Newcastle and Oxford. He said: "To intimidate and create a bad atmosphere is not fair. I hate the people who try to do it." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Conte is no stranger to creating controversy on the touchline and has been red-carded twice this season for his behaviour. As a passionate manager himself, he concedes it can be difficult for managers to sit still in the high pressure environment. "I think that everyone tries to live the situation in the way that they like to live," he said. "For sure also Arteta is another coach that shows his passion and transfers this into the pitch and his players, but honestly I'm seeing a lot of coaches involved in the game. "Our job now has become really difficult so to see a coach sat on the bench is very difficult. For sure Arteta is a coach like me, we show our passion and what happened on the pitch is the motion. Nothing is prepared in your mind. Sometimes you can celebrate in a strange way but this passion is a pure passion. Arteta is another coach who likes to live the game." READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change  Tottenham currently sit two points away from the top four with a victory on Sunday vital in helping the club stay within touching distance of the Champions League. He may be able to call on the services of Dejan Kulusevski again after the 22-year-old missed the last three games with a muscle injury while Rodrigo Bentancur and Richarlison are also nearing a return and could find themselves in contention. "The news for sure the situation is going to improve, especially for Deki, for Kulusevski," he said when asked about the injury situation. "He had a training session in the last few days with us. He's going to be ready to play. About Richy and Rodrigo, both situations are improving. "I think at this moment Deki is much more ready to play and especially don't take risks. For us, it is important to have patience ahead of this period and not to risk accelerating and losing them for a long period. We will see. We have another training session tomorrow to monitor the situation with Rodrigo and Richy." Kick-off in the North London Derby is at 4:30pm on Sunday with the game broadcast live on Sky Sports. 