The Big Freeze. The Beast from the East. Storm Ciara. Each terrifying spell of deadly weather brought untold misery to those who were forced to live through it. What would start off as a rare chance to enjoy an afternoon or morning out in the snow, or watch as waves crashed down over the barriers built to protect public areas, soon became a crisis zone, plunging Britain into a state of panic. But there is one often forgot about episode that rocked the British Isles and the whole of Europe, claiming the lives of dozens on this day 16 years ago. Cyclone Kyrill was a surprisingly turbulent windstorm that blew across Europe. Its power stunned meteorologists, as its huge strength saw the low-pressure area become a hurricane-strength wind that hit Britain on January 18, 2007. Having formed over the Canadian province of Newfoundland three days earlier, Kyrill moved over the Atlantic towards the UK and Ireland, reaching its shores on the evening of January 17. After wreaking havoc, it crossed the North Sea, striking land on the German and Dutch coasts by the afternoon of January 18. Then it headed towards Poland and the Baltic Sea later that day, and the following morning, before onward toward Russia. Nations hit by Kyrill suffered widespread damage, and 47 people were recorded dead as a result of its terrifying power. Alongside the deaths were also major disruptions to transport systems, power outages and severe damage to buildings.  The storm itself, reports show, got its name on January 17 of that year from the meteorological department of Germany's Free University of Berlin. It was named after a Bulgarian man from Berlin, whose "family donated to the university's Adopt-A-Vortex" scheme. While its effect on Britain was well documented, with 14 dead, over in Germany the significance of Kyrill was just as harrowing, it becoming the worst storm experienced since 1999. Around 25,000 homes in southern England would lose electricity following damage to pylons on the day Kyrill struck. Later that day, Germany's states of Brandenburg, Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt also succumbed to the cyclone. Kyrill's first victim was Birmingham Airport's managing director, Richard Heard. He was killed when his car collided with an uprooted tree in Shropshire. A branch from the tree crashed through his windscreen, before impaling him. JUST IN: Cold Weather Payments triggered as two areas eligible for £75 Among others to be killed included a two-year-old boy who received severe head injuries after a wall fell on him, and a lorry driver on the A629 who saw her lorry overturn, then blow into a canal. In Germany, at least 52,000 homes sustained energy losses, and Siegen-Wittgenstein, a German district, issued a state of emergency, with schools shut on January 19. By the second day of the storm, the likes of the Czech Republic, Austria and Poland also reported being without power, with millions of homes in the countries hit. In Ukraine, its oil supply was struck, leading to the Druzhba pipeline being halted. The Netherlands activated its storm flood warning system, while Austria's weather service advised skiers and snowboarders on the Alps to seek shelter urgently. Ireland saw flash flooding due to downpours. DON'T MISS:EV drivers should charge cars to at least 90 percent to boost range [INSIGHT]Met Office issues 'thundersnow' warning with intense snow in Scotland [LATEST]Dozens of states on alert for heavy snow and wind [UPDATE] The damage to infrastructure and lives was seismic – as was the impact on citizens' wallets. Reports from Swiss Re predicted the cost of damage sustained in Europe was around €3.5bn (£3.1billion). Across the Channel in Britain, this was thought to be around £350milloin. Though devastating, the size of Kyrill paled into significance when compared 1953's Storm of the Century, which is often described as Britain's worst peacetime disaster. Claiming around 307 people's lives, Britons were not prepared for the untold damage such a storm could create, as no severe flood warnings were in place, and phone lines were down. This led to the public being blissfully unaware of the carnage that was expected to rain down on them on January 31, 70 years ago. Around 1,000 miles of coastline was battered by the torrential rain and winds, leaving some 32,000 people displaced because of flooding.