Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly desperate to strengthen his ranks with the addition of at least one new striker before the end of the January transfer window. A number of high-profile names have been linked with the Red Devils as of late, including the likes of Joao Felix and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting, although the club have been left red-faced from similar deals in the past and will be hoping to avoid signing another dud at the next time of asking.With that in mind, Express Sport takes a look at four underwhelming January additions that failed to score any goals for United after joining in the middle of the season... Chinese forward Dong Fangzhuo became the first East Asian player to sign for United back in 2004 after catching the eye of the club's scouting team with his impressive physical abilities. Big things were expected from Dong as a result of his multi-million-pound transfer fee, but he never managed to hit the heights that he would have been hoping for over the course of his four-year spell at Old Trafford.He failed to score a competitive goal for the Red Devils before leaving to go back to China in 2008 and spent a large chunk of his time on loan at Royal Antwerp due to work permit issues, although he enjoyed limited success in United's reserve team upon his return. It was certainly a move to forget for Dong, who went on to retire in 2014 with a career total of 51 goals from 200 professional appearances. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Manucho was able to impress Sir Alex Ferguson while on trial at United in 2007 to earn himself a permanent move to Old Trafford, although he also suffered from work permit issues during the early stages of his time at the club. He was left battling to make up lost time as a result and never quite managed to get going despite turning plenty of heads with his impressive performances at international level for Angola.A metatarsal injury ruined his chances of breaking through at United during their pre-season tour of Africa back in 2008, while the departure of assistant manager Carlos Quieroz also did not help him to flourish. Manucho ended up making just three senior appearances for United without a goal to his name and has not played for a club since leaving Spanish side Cornella four years ago. Serbian marksman Zoran Tosic joined United back in 2009 but was unable to meet expectations over the course of his spell at Old Trafford before leaving the club less than two years later with no goals under his belt. He revealed back in 2019 that he quickly became overawed with the quality of his United team-mates upon his arrival, with the versatile forward admitting that he knew he was simply not good enough to make the grade at first-team level."I was put straight into the first-team squad and the levels were so high that it felt like another sport," Tosic told The Athletic. "It was very heavy for me in those first weeks in Manchester. The ball moved so quickly in training, the quality was top, top, level. Nobody lost the ball, except me. I was trying my best but it wasn’t enough. This wasn’t the football I knew, I thought I could play for United but there was a reason I was not at their level." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. United snapped up Wilfried Zaha in 2013 after his impressive breakthrough at Crystal Palace but failed to extract the best from the Ivory Coast native in spite of his formidable potential at the time. A lack of first-team football coupled with rumours about him dating the daughter of United boss David Moyes did little to aid his progression at Old Trafford and he was sent out on three separate loan spells, twice back to Palace and once to Cardiff City.Zaha eventually returned to the Eagles on a permanent basis in 2015 and has since established himself as a club legend at Selhurst Park, where he remains to this day. He later accused Moyes of refusing to give him a fair chance to succeed at United after making just two senior appearances without scoring for the Red Devils. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.