Daniil Medvedev discussed the greatness of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer after suffering his ninth career loss to the Serb in the semi-final of the Adelaide International. Despite going down 6-3 6-4, the world No 7 felt positive about his performance against one of the greats as he claimed there was “no shame” in admitting that the Big Three are better players. Medvedev has become one of Djokovic’s key rivals in recent years, with the pair meeting in finals of Grand Slams and Masters. On Saturday they did battle in the first tournament of the season at the Adelaide International, where it was the world No 5 who came through in straight sets after 90 minutes, easily fighting off a late surge from the 26-year-old. The Russian has often been critical of himself following tough losses but was full of confidence following his run to the semi-final in Adelaide despite failing to capitalise on a break point late in the second set, claiming that he would have likely pulled off the comeback against anyone other than Djokovic or his Big Three counterparts. “A few moments when it was tight today where maybe I could get back into the match, I had some matches against him where the momentum was shifting, he managed to put the ball on the line like even the last game, Love-15, 30-15, two serves on the line. Tough to return them,” the third seed explained following their match. JUST IN: Naomi Osaka out of Aus Open as concerns grow over tennis future   “I think the game I lost, what was it, 15-All, return winner, 30-40 I made a double-fault. I don't remember what was it on 30-All. But, yeah, where some other players would not be able to do it, how does he do it? No idea.” The 2021 US Open champion then went on to explain that he thought the same ability was what separated the Big Three from the rest of the field, and claimed there was “no shame” in admitting that the tennis greats were better than him, saying only those with the same number of Grand Slams could disagree. DON'T MISSDjokovic addresses injury concern as he admits Aus Open 'crossed mind'Federer, Nadal and Djokovic successor named that 'ticks every box'Emma Raducanu addresses tearful ending in Auckland as Aus Open unclear “Again, that's why him, Rafa, Roger, it's not even a shame to say that they are better because if you don't say that, then go and win 20 slams and then you can say this,” Medvedev added. “That was not the case for anybody before them. Even the best ones of the eras before cannot talk much that it's a shame for us to not do the same because they didn't manage to have the same results. Yeah, that's the strengths of Novak.” 