After smashing Netflix records out of the park within its first week of release, it seemed almost inevitable Jenna Ortega and the rest of the Wednesday cast would be back for season two of the Addams Family reboot. The news was finally confirmed earlier this month and while fans across the globe were undoubtedly elated, Ortega has admitted the entire experience feels somewhat “surreal”. Ortega is no stranger to high-profile and globally popular projects prior to Wednesday. The 20-year-old has previously enjoyed stints on stalker thriller You as well as big-screen credits for roles in classic horror Scream, for instance. However, Wednesday is well and truly in a league of its own after becoming Netflix’s most-watched English language series in its debut week, seeing off previous record-holder Stranger Things season four. Now, with season two officially in the pipeline, Ortega has addressed the fact her new show has been picked up again, penning on Twitter: “Thanks to everyone who made this upcoming season possible. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce “This has all been pretty surreal,” she added to her 1.2 million followers. It didn’t take long for fans to inundate the star with praise, with the tweet racking up over 650,000 likes within a few days. Even Netflix’s own Twitter account replied: “Thank YOU! A legend every damn day of the week.” Ortega wasn’t the only Wednesday star to take to social media to speak out on the renewal. Tyler Galpin star Hunter Doohan poked fun at the TikTok trend which spawned from the Netflix series. Referring to the renewal, he penned on Instagram: “I’d like to thank everyone who did the Tik Tok trend for making this happen.”  While Joy Sunday, the woman behind Wednesday’s nemesis Bianca Barclay shared: “Yuh! Congratulations to all the creators and the cast. We did it JO. DON'T MISS:My 600lb Life’s Brittani Fulfer unrecognisable after weight loss 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’Yellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint “What y’all wanna see for season deux? Thank you all,” Sunday teased. (Sic) As it stands, Wednesday season two is yet to receive a release date, although 2023 looks like it may be a bit of a stretch. Ortega has previously outlined her hopes for Wednesday in the future and even teased a big change to the character. “I kind of want her to be darker,” she told Entertainment Tonight. “I want her to get more in the nitty-gritty of things and not play things so safe. "Because there are a lot of lines about her saving the school and doing whatever. “But for me, her main drive with the monster is of competitiveness. Kind of, ‘Man, how’s this guy doing this?’" Wednesday season 1 is available to stream on Netflix now.