Entrepreneurs Ole Strohschnieder, Béla Seebach and Daniel Zelaquett founded their business Just Spices in 2012. Just Spices offer home cooks the ability to create great-tasting dishes with minimum fuss. They create spice blends like Avocado Topping, Chicken Seasoning or Potato Allrounder with 100 percent natural ingredients and no additives. During university, the quintessential students only had salt, pepper and a bit of paprika in the cupboard, and they cooked pasta with pesto almost every day. One evening they were expecting visitors and wanted to cook something special - an Indian Dal. So they went to the supermarket and realised that the spice offering was not inspiring or helpful. Ole said: “We needed to buy several spices and our supermarket visit became unintentionally an expensive outing. We thought to ourselves: why are supermarket shelves so lacking when it comes to innovation? “Why can’t we buy spices as a mix and save money rather than needing to buy several different items? And where are the spice cans that not only enhance our food but also our kitchen? That evening Just Spices was born.” READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues urgent warning as customers lose £642 in growing scam They are working with more than 180 employees on their vision to make every dish tasty. After revolutionising the spice market in their home market, Germany where the products are already available in over 11,000 supermarkets, they continued their journey successfully in Spain. In March 2022 they entered the UK market with their online shop and since then have built a community of more than 200.000 people who follow them on their social media channels. Daniel said: “We get lots of great feedback about our brand and products so we consider the entry into the UK has been a success already. READ MORE: 'It's worth it': Martin Lewis suggests how to get better rate on NS&I savings account “Whilst continuing our growth via D2C, our next goal is to work with the retailers to expand our brand and further deliver innovative spice blends solutions to the UK consumers.” Bela mentioned the struggles they faced when growing the business. He said: “In the beginning of any business there are many challenges For example, we used our entire starting capital to build our online shop and didn’t think about the need for a marketing budget. “So of course when we launched nobody ordered. We were virtually broke right from the start with nothing. After that we started with B2B-customers like restaurants and with this profit we invested in our brand again. “Don’t be afraid of making mistakes or failing. When I look back on our journey so far, we have done many things right, but made just as many mistakes. Things don’t always work out the way you think they will. “Mistakes happen - the most important thing is that you learn from them.” Three tips for entrepreneurs who are just starting their business - how best to succeed? Ole explained that it’s usually worse in the head than in reality. “Don’t panic and overthink,” he added. Bela said: “‘Faith moves mountains’ - A saying that is indicative of the beginning of an idea and being a founder. And never forget: focus!” Lastly, Daniel concluded that there is one recipe for achieving goals and dreams and that is the team.