Prince Harry has said he wants to help his brother William's children as "at least one will end up like me". In an interview with Bryony Gordon from the Telegraph the Duke of Sussex, who has just released his tell-all memoir Spare, said he was someone "who likes to fix things" apparently alluding to the Royal Family. Prince Harry, who now lives in California, appears to believe he can "fix" things for his niece and nephews, George, Charlotte and Louis, although he admitted the Prince of Wales has made it "very clear" the children are "not my responsibility".  Harry said: “As I know full well, within my family, if it’s not us, it’s going to be someone else. "And though William and I have talked about it once or twice, and he has made it very clear to me that his kids are not my responsibility, I still feel a responsibility knowing that out of those three children, at least one will end up like me, the spare."  In an expansive conversation with the newspaper from his Montecito home the Duke discusses his feelings for the press and their relationship with the Royal Family, which he says he is trying to "save from themselves". The 38-year-old royal claims he will be "crucified" for making this observation but he says it is his "life's mission" to put right what he calls the "wrongs" that he claims drove out his family from the UK. Apparently blaming the British press for his family leaving the country, the Duke makes reference to the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, and TV presenter and former flame Caroline Flack who tragically took her own life aged 40. He says he reached "breaking point" when he came home to find his wife Meghan in "floods of tears" while she was nursing their son Archie. He said his wife "would be dead" if she read the newspaper stories about them. READ MORE: Police hunt mother and newborn child last seen in London on January 7   This week King Charles, Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, took part in their first public engagements since the publication of Prince Harry's book which has revealed in intense detail his own feelings about them and Camilla, the Queen Consort, Both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have so far refused to comment on the 416-page piece of ghost-written literature. A YouGov poll has found the popularity of Harry has fallen since his book was published with 68% of 1,691 adults, polled on Tuesday and Wednesday, having a negative opinion about him while 24% thought positively. The online research data group said the figures meant the duke had his lowest ever net favourability rating of minus 44, down from minus 38 last week, which had been his previous record low. DON'T MISS: Horror as woman dog walker mauled to death in Surrey beauty spot