Reconciliation with Prince Harry is "most definitely not on the cards" for King Charles III, Piers Morgan has claimed. Speaking on his show this evening, the veteran broadcaster said he had "impeccable sources" who believe the King has not contacted his son, and doesn't plan to. Mr Morgan said that his sources believe Charles is "absolutely livid". And he added they told him there "has been no contact whatsoever" with anyone in Montecito, California, where the couple lives. The narrative from the presenter's sources differs from others, as most insiders believe the King is adamant that he isn't estranged from his youngest son. Speaking on the show, Times royal editor Roya Nikkah said he "absolutely does not want to be estranged" from Prince Harry. Speaking to CNN last week, business consultant and royal commentator Hilary Fordwich, was similarly convinced. READ MORE: Piers Morgan tells Prince Harry and Meghan to 'apologise' She said that King Charles is a "very gentle soul who wants to be reconciled with his son”. While the growing consensus suggests the King wants to smooth things over, Ms Nikkah conceded that he is not happy. She said that there is "no doubt" he and the Royal Family are "livid" following the book's release. But she looped back to reconciliation, stating that estrangement is something Charles "really will not want". Prince Harry is also similarly interested in reconciliation and said in an interview that he believes "100 percent" that this goal is possible. The Royal Family has now reportedly scheduled talks ahead of King Charles' Coronation later this year. Insiders have told The Times that such a meeting would take place "in the coming months" before May 6. The source told the publication that the situation is "fixable" provided the Prince comes to the UK. They advised it would take "flexibility on all sides", with the Prince in the room "with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members" and "some of ‘his people’". And they added: “Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’. The King can do it.”