Prince Harry has been reportedly “written out” of King Charles’ coronation, a news report claimed. A royal insider told MailOnline that Prince William is “burning with anger” after the revelations made by the Duke of Sussex in his memoir, 'Spare'.  The Duke of Sussex has made a series of claims about his brother and father, describing the Prince of Wales as his “arch-nemisis” and accusing the King of being worried he would be “overshadowed” by Meghan's Hollywood star power. According to the Sunday Times, a royal source claimed Harry has been omitted from the proceedings of King Charles' upcoming Coronation in May. News of Harry's removal from the ceremony comes as the Duke appeared on ITV Saturday evening to speak about the guilt he felt following the death of his mother, the Princess of Wales, in 1997. The paper’s Royal Editor tweeted: “Prince Harry has been written out of the script for the Coronation, with no official role in the service if he attends.”   The report further claimed that the King has completely written Prince Harry out of the Coronation script, meaning he will be a mere audience member should he choose to attend the May 6 event. King Charles will not require the six royal Dukes to kneel before him to “pay homage” before touching the crown and kissing the monarch’s right cheek, the outlet reported. Instead, reportedly only Prince William will perform the tradition. It claimed: “Breaking with tradition, Charles will scrap royal dukes kneeling and paying homage to the monarch. Only William will perform that role. READ MORE: Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’  “As things stand, there is no role for Harry in the service.” Meanwhile, friends of William told the Sunday Times that the heir is “burning with anger” but is also “anxious and sad” over Harry's comments, which one friend described as "cowardly". A friend told the publication: “[William] won't retaliate, he never would, because he's dignified and unbelievably loyal. “'It's cruel, cowardly and so sad for William to keep taking the punches. DON'T MISS:A stranger gave a boy with autism a $15,000 piano  [INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s goal is to ‘make Royal Family villainous characters' [SPOTLIGHT]Chinese tracking device found in UK Government car  [REVEAL] “He's keeping quiet for the good of his family and the country.” Another said: “He's anxious and he's sad - he's concentrating on his wife and his children... “He's handling it so well on the outside, inside he's burning." 