Mr Hashemi is raising money for the Mines Advisory Group (MAG), a charity that specialises in the removal of landmines around the world. As Mr Hashemi nears his start date, he is asking other cyclists to join him on his epic ride, one inspired by hearing stories of how children in Ukraine were affected by the littany of mines laid in civilian areas. Multiple children have been reportedly killed by mines deposited in woodlands and fields. Mr Hashemi said that "kids being kids" they occassionally ignored their parent's warnings and went into areas they shouldn't have and it was these stories that made him think of his five year-old-son. Talking to the BBC, he said he was left with the thought "I can imagine my son doing that". READ MORE: Low traffic neighbourhoods removing cars and cutting traffic Mr Hashemi has also been motivated by thoughts of colleagues, some of whom are based in Ukraine and suffering the 24-hour threat of Russian bombardment. In order to complete the journey, Mr Hashemi will need to travel around 140km (87.5 miles) a day. He hopes that his journey will inspire people to think more about how they can support Ukraine in the long term. In a statement, he said: "It's not just about sending weapons or taking in refugees. "I want to raise awareness of the challenges faced by Ukraine not just now, but years into the future."  It is believed that the mines laid today could still be causing havoc more than 10 years after the war ends. Wars causing death and distruction after they have ended is one of the repeated themes of history. For decades after it finished, farmers were still finding large pieces of shrapnel in the fields of France. The extent to which Ukraine has been mined is significant according to the State Emergency Service of Ukraine (SES). DON'T MISS:Ghislaine Maxwell 'evasive' amid claims Prince Andrew photo is 'fake' [COMMENT]Teenager wins £182m EuroMillions jackpot but ticket was not paid for [INSIGHT]'Lawless' UK council estate where residents live in squalor and fear [PICTURES] The SES estimates around 30 percent of Ukraine could be mined as a result of the war. Darren Cormack of MAG said his charity was "working closely with local partners to provide risk education to at-risk groups" and intended to "accelerate efforts to keep people safe". While the 40 mines Mr Hashemi raises money to have removed for may seem small (each mine costs £500 to remove), it pales in significance to the value of the life it could save.