Royal commentators think Kate Middleton's matching polo neck jumper and coat could be a sartorial dig at Meghan Markle. It comes after the former Royal claimed in the recent Netflix documentary that she wore muted colours when working as a member of the Firm in order to not attract as much attention.  The Princess of Wales was wearing a bold, cerise pink Hobbs suit. She arrived alongside husband Prince William at Windsor Foodshare to hear about support offered to struggling families at the food bank on Thursday. The senior royals also helped volunteers to sort food donations and prepare packages for the charity's clients to collect. Meghan said in the Netflix documentary: "Most of the time that I was in the UK, I rarely wore colour. There was thought in that." "To my understanding, you can't ever wear the same colour as Her Majesty if there's a group event, but then you also shouldn't be wearing the same colour as one of the other, more senior members of the family. "So I was like, well what's a colour that they'll probably never wear? Camel? Beige? White? So, I wore a lot of muted tones, but it also was so I could just blend in. Like, I'm not trying to stand out here. "So there's no version of me joining this family and trying to not do everything I could to fit in. "I don't want to embarrass the family."  The engagement on Thursday coincided with the 10th anniversary of Windsor Foodshare this year. The charity provides short-term weekly food parcels to families at risk of going hungry due to being unable to afford basics. The Prince and Princess met those running the service to learn more about the support it offers, and its principles of treating everyone as equals without judgement. Demand for the service has increased recently and last year it fed more than 7,000 residents. Kate is next week expected to launch a new phase of her work, which highlights the importance of early learning and a child’s first five years of life. She added: “I’m really excited for next week. Lot’s coming up. “Today I just want to think about and discuss what next, really. How do we keep this conversation going?  “This campaign is really laying the foundation of why early childhood matters.”