Happy Valley Multi-award-winning drama HappyValley is back for its third and final series on BBC One. Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancaster) faces off against murderous rapist Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton, sporting a nasty-looking facial scar). Expect fireworks. Started Sunday. Stonehouse Real-life married couple Matthew Macfadyen and Keeley Hawes reunite on screen for this ITVX political drama. Macfadyen plays disgraced Labour Cabinet minister John Stonehouse who, while serving in Harold Wilson's government, faked his own death to start a new life in Australia. Hawes plays Stonehouse's wife Barbara. Started yesterday. The Last of Us We probably don't need another zombie horror set in a post-apocalyptic world but Sky Atlantic's The Last Of Us has classy credentials. Co-written by Craig Mazin, the creator of Emmy-winning TV series Chernobyl, it sees survivor Joel (Pedro Pascal) hired to smuggle 14-year-old Ellie (Bella Ramsey) out of an oppressive quarantine zone. Starts January 15. The Gold An infamous heist and the decades-long battle to bring its perpetrators to justice are the inspiration for this six-part BBC One series starring Hugh Bonneville, Jack Lowden and Dominic Cooper. On November 26, 1983, four men broke into the Brink's-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport and stole £26million of gold bullion. The dirty money they subsequently laundered apparently helped fuel the London Docklands property boom. Airs in early 2023.  Obsession Based on Josephine Hart's 1991 novella Damage, Obsession is an erotic thriller about forbidden desire. The mysterious Anna Barton (Charlie Murphy) begins an affair with her fiance's father, William (Richard Armitage), while continuing her plans to get married. Will the pair's big secret be revealed before someone gets hurt? Airs later this year on Netflix. Beyond Paradise This Death in Paradise spin-off follows Kris Marshall's DI Humphrey Goodman after he leaves the fictional Caribbean island of Saint Marie to follow his sweetheart Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) back to the UK. After the pair settle in her hometown, DI Goodman discovers it's in a crime hotspot. Due early 2023 on BBC One. Maternal Three female doctors balance demanding jobs and family life as they return to post-pandemic frontline medicine from maternity leave. Parminder Nagra, Lara Pulver and Lisa McGrillis star in the six-part medical drama on ITV this month. Secret Invasion Marvel's newest series, released in early 2023 on Disney+, boasts a star-studded cast including Samuel L Jackson, Olivia Colman, Martin Freeman, Emilia Clarke and Don Cheadle. Jackson plays Avengers founder Nick Fury who's on the case of the Skrulls, a group of alien shapeshifters who have for years been impersonating Marvel superheroes.  Great Expectations This may be the umpteenth retelling of Charles Dickens' classic tale about ambition and social class but expect an edgy aesthetic from Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight. The six-part BBC One period drama stars Olivia Colman as Miss Havisham and Fionn Whitehead as Pip, with Ridley Scott and Tom Hardy serving as producers. Nolly Helena Bonham Carter stars as the late Crossroads star Noele 'Nolly' Gordon in this three-part mini-series set to air on ITVX next month. Written by Russell T Davies, Nolly covers the moment Gordon was famously axed from the ITV soap at the height of her fame in 1981. Mark Gatiss, Con O'Neill and Richard Lintern also star. Better After a family tragedy, a corrupt Leeds detective vows to put things right after 20 years of wrongdoing. But will she betray the powerful gangster whom she helped to rise to power and loves like a brother? Leila Farzad and Andrew Buchan lead the cast of this new BBC One thriller from the writers of sci-fi drama Humans. Due later this year. The Catch Jason Watkins stars as local fisherman Ed Collier whose life spirals out of control when the boyfriend of his daughter Abbie (Poppy Gilbert) threatens to take her away from him in this Channel 5 psychological thriller based on TM Logan's best-selling novel. Airs in early 2023.   The Sixth Commandment Timothy Spall plays doomed teacher and novelist Peter Farquhar who was murdered by his churchwarden student and subsequent partner Ben Field (Éanna Hardwicke) in this true crime drama out on BBC One later this year. The following events are based on a pack of lies Recently bereaved fantasy fiction author Cheryl is worlds apart from working mother and lifelong Madonna fan Alice - except for the one that ties them, a con man called Rob. Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Rebekah Staton and Alistair Petrie play the central roles in this BBC One drama. Six Four Set in Glasgow, this tale of kidnap, corruption and betrayal follows police detective Chris O'Neill (Kevin McKidd) and his wife Michelle (Vinette Robinson) whose teenage daughter goes missing as Chris uncovers a break in a long-standing missing girl investigation. Meanwhile, Michelle, a former undercover officer, takes on her own private investigation. Based on a bestselling Japanese thriller, it's due on ITVX this year. Django Loosely based on Sergio Corbucci's classic 1966 western of the same name, Django follows its eponymous hero (Matthias Schoenaerts) as he searches for his daughter Sarah following the murder of his family eight years earlier. Due on Sky Atlantic and Now on January 16. Noomi Rapace, Nicholas Pinnock and Lisa Vicari also star.  Ten Pound POMS Michelle Keegan, Faye Marsay and Warren Brown star in this six-part series as post-war Brits in search of a new life in Australia for the cost of a £10 ticket. Promised a new life, they soon find things are not so easy down under. The six-part series is set to premier on the BBC later this year. Welcome to Chippendales The seedy, corruptive world behind the Chippendales strip-tease phenomenon is laid bare in this true-crime drama landing on Disney+ on January 11. It follows the rise and fall of the male dance troupe's founder Somen 'Steve' Banerjee (Kumail Nanjiani) as he battles with his choreographer Nick De Noia (Murray Bartlett) with murderous results. Look out for the Beckham's daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz too. A town called Malice Taking its title from The Jam's hit song A Town Called Malice, this Eighties crime thriller follows the exploits of South London gangster family The Lords as they're forced to start over in the Costa del Sol. Packed with high drama and a banging soundtrack, it's bound to brighten your nights when it's released on Sky Atlantic later this year. Blue lights Inspired by the experiences of serving police officers in Northern Ireland, Blue Lights follows three rookie cops on the Belfast front line as they get to grips with their uniquely difficult jobs. The drama is created by the Belfast-born writers of The Salisbury Poisonings,Adam Patterson and Declan Lawn. Airs on BBC One in late 2023.  Masters of the Air Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks are exec producers on this long-awaited follow-up to 2001 war drama Band of Brothers. The action, as the title suggests, is set in the skies and based on the US Eighth Air Force so you can be assured of plenty of action. Elvis actor Austin Butler is confirmed to star with No Time To Die director Cary Fukunaga at the helm. Due to air on Apple TV+. Black cab A down-on-his-luck taxi driver becomes obsessed with a late-night radio host as he ferries passengers from one end of Liverpool to another in this four-part Channel 5 thriller. Robert Glenister plays 50-something cab driver Tony, who has lost his teaching job and marriage, with Sean Pertwee as radio DJ Lawrence. Airs later this year. Bodies Four detectives across four different eras of London investigate the same murder - an unidentified body in Whitechapel - uncovering a conspiracy that spans 150 years in Bodies, based on Si Spencer's graphic novel. Peaky Blinders actor Stephen Graham plays a major character yet to be revealed in this eight-part Netflix mystery series due later in 2023. Archie The life story of Hollywood's greatest leading man Cary Grant is to be retold in this ITVX drama. Jason Isaacs plays Grant, who was born Archibald Alec Leach in Bristol, England, and joined the vaudeville circuit to escape his unhappy childhood. Support from Henry Lloyd-Hughes, Ian Puleston-Davies, Ian McNeice, Jason Watkins and KaraTointon. Airs later in 2023.  Queen Charlotte This Bridgerton prequel explores the story of how the young Queen married King George and sparked a societal shift that created the high society in which Bridgerton's characters live. Netflix is eyeing a May 4 release. Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny The much-delayed fifth film in the Indiana Jones series will be Harrison Ford's last. Set in 1969, Indy is forced to act after learning the US government has hired ex-Nazis to beat the Soviets in the space race. Phoebe Waller-Bridge provides the laughs as the hero's granddaughter Helena with Mads Mikkelsen playing villainous ex-Nazi Jürgen Voller. Released on June 30. Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One Expect death-defying stunts, runaway trains and explosions in the eighth instalment of the high-octane action franchise starring Tom Cruise as agent Ethan Hawke. Also aboard for another crazy mission are Ving Rhames, Hayley Atwell and Simon Pegg. Released on July 14.  Barbie Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling head the cast as Barbie and Ken in a live-action film exploring the dark side behind the Mattel doll. Fed up with the constraints of Barbie Land, the pair leave for a new start in the real world with Mattel CEO (Will Ferrell) intent on bringing them back. It is released on July 21.  Wonka Timothée Chalamet stars in this Charlie and the Chocolate Factory prequel chronicling how Roald Dahl's flamboyant Willy Wonka met the Oompa-Loompas. Paul King, writer and director of both Paddington films, directs so expect chuckles. Olivia Colman, Sally Hawkins, Matt Lucas, Rowan Atkinson and Jim Carter also star in the film, released on December 15. Maestro Bradley Cooper stars, directs and co-writes this 2023 biopic based on the life of West Side Story composer Leonard Bernstein. The Netflix original film, which counts Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese as producers, sees Carey Mulligan play Bernstein's wife, Chilean-born actress Felicia Montealegre. Jeremy Strong, Maya Hawke and Sarah Silverman also star. Due to be released later this year. Dune 2 The next chapter of the dystopian space desert saga sees Paul Atreides (Timothée Chalamet) seeking revenge for the death of his father, aided by Chani (Zendaya) and the Freman. Joining the cast is Florence Pugh as Princess Irulan. Released in cinemas on November 3.  Spare by Prince Harry Prince Harry tells his side of the story (yet again) in his new memoir, Spare. Expect more on the family feud that has rocked the Windsors. Published January 10. The Shards by Bret Easton Ellis The American Psycho star returns with his first novel in 13 years, a fictionalised memoir taking inspiration from his Los Angeles prep school days before morphing into serial killer territory with the arrival of 'The Trawler', drawing ever closer to Bret and friends. Published January 17. The Mysterious case of the Alperton Angels by Janice Hallett The best-selling author of The Appeal and The Twyford Code delivers another thoroughly twisty mystery. This time featuring a book within a book about a notorious cult who brainwashed a teenage girl and convinced her that her newborn baby was the anti-Christ.Will leave you scratching your head. Published January 19. Victory City by Salman Rushdie Having survived a brutal on-stage attack last year, the SatanicVerses author returns with his eagerly awaited 15th novel - an epic tale featuring a grief-stricken young woman named Pampa Kampana who, in 14th-century southern India, has a divine encounter with the goddess who shares her name. Published February 9.  Old Babes in the Wood by Margaret Atwood These 15 tales represent Atwood's first short stories since 2014's Stone Collection and are thus highly anticipated. Expect humour, uncertainty and stirring social commentary. Published March 7. Romantic Comedy by Curtis Sittenfeld After 2016's Eligible, her modern retelling of Jane Austen's 1813 novel of manners, Pride and Prejudice, the US author now shares her take on the modern rom-com. Late night comedy writer Sally Milz swears off relationships, only to fall in love with a pop star. Expert lots of laughs and dry irony. Published April 6. Crook Manifesto by Colson Whitehead The Underground Railroad author returns with a sequel to 2021's Harlem Shuffle featuring furniture store owner and occasional bad boy Ray Carney as he tries to keep his head down and survive as crime rockets across New York. Published July 18. 