Dancing On Ice judge Christopher Dean, 64, was taken to hospital following an accident ahead of the ITV show starting this weekend. The pro skater had to be seen by medics after breaking his finger just days before the 2023 series is set to begin. Sharing a picture of his bandaged finger to social media, he penned: "We were trying the Iron Lotus, but ended up doing a Half Nelson [referencing a fictional move in Blades of Glory] or did I just fall over a suitcase in the middle of the night." Christopher sits on the show’s panel alongside his skating partner Jayne Torvill, 65, as well as fellow celebs Oti Mabuse and Ashley Banjo. The show returns this weekend with contestants including Michelle Heaton, Mollie Gallagher and Joey Essex. Christopher’s fans and followers rushed to social media to send their best wishes to the star, who should be back on our screens on Sunday night. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle “Hope you heal quickly! Poor you,” Ophelia penned, while Deborah added: “I hope you’re on the mend soon.” “I would go with the iron lotus story. Makes it look more heroic,” Jemima commented with a laughing emoji. “Thank goodness it was only your finger,” quipped Zoe, while Abbey added: “Speedy recovery.” Lynne advised: “Not sure these days but treatment for a finger fracture used to be strapping the fractured one alongside the one next to it to 'splint' it.  “Might be more comfortable and help it to heal,” she added. Other celebrities joining the Dancing On Ice line-up on Sunday night include Darren Harriott, The Vivienne, John Fashanu, Carley Stenson, Nile Wilson, Siva Kaneswaran and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. The show will also welcome back its hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, who ITV viewers know best from This Morning. The pair first started hosting the skating-based competition together all the way back in 2006, before they earned a permanent spot on the This Morning sofa in 2009. READ MORE:Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [INSIGHT]Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS]Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row [REACTION] Oti joined the judging panel for the first time last year after previously becoming a favourite on rival channel BBC One. The dancer rose to fame after her stint as a professional on Strictly Come Dancing, which she won for two consecutive years in a row. The star lifted the glitterball trophy in 2019 with Kelvin Fletcher and in 2020 with Bill Bailey. The dancer replaced former judge John Barrowman on the panel and appears to be a hit with ITV fans. Meanwhile, legendary duo Torvill and Dean will be on hand to offer the celebrities their decades of experience, which includes their five victories at the world professional championships. After Torvill and Dean’s triumphs in the 1984 Winter Olympics and at other competitions, the pair turned professional. In the 1994 Games, they managed to secure a bronze medal. Dancing On Ice starts this Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.