Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, stepped out today in Merseyside - and straight away royal fans noticed that the couple had coordinated their outfits to match. The Prince and Princess of Wales opted for green and blue colours as they opened a hospital in Liverpool. with a navy belted dress from Cefinn and matching Gianvito Rossi heels for her first public engagement of the year. She accessorised her look with her Mulberry Amberley bag and Princess Diana's sapphire earrings. Molly Elizabeth Agnew, the founder of Eternal Goddess Fashion Publication, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain why the couple chose these colours specifically. She claimed: "Blue and green are colours heavily associated with peace and calm, whether we consciously register that or not. These muted winter tones don’t scream in our faces, they are relaxed and, most importantly, down to earth. "This is a colour combination we’ve seen Kate lean quite heavily on in recent months, wearing a stunning tartan dress from Burberry during their visit to Boston." READ MORE: Prince William and Kate allow Prince George to adopt 'protector role'  Ms Agnew explained why the Prince and Princess matched their outfits today for their first joint engagement of 2023. She opined: "Kate and William will no doubt be leaning on each other for support currently and their styling team will have made a conscious effort to show their unity through their clothing choices. "The couple regularly match their outfits, with William often choosing a tie that matches his wife’s outfit etc. "Fashion is a wonderful tool to speak without words, and matching like this says everything that needs to be said. They’re showing themselves as a team."   Kate accessorised with a beautiful pair of sapphire and diamond oval drop earrings that previously belonged to Princess Diana, which she has worn before. Ms Agnew explained their significance for today's important outing. She suggested: "Kate regularly wears items that once belonged to, or were once loaned to, the late Princess Diana. "Kate does seem to have an eye for sapphire pieces and has worn these oval sapphire earrings on numerous occasions before. "Of course, they match her world-famous engagement ring! She may have chosen these today as a very subtle nod to the late Princess of Wales." READ MORE: Body language expert compares royal Christmas card photographs  Megan Watkins, the Head Stylist at SilkFred, also spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain why Kate and William may have matched their outfits today. She said: “Blue and green are both colours of nature and symbolise peace. On an individual level, green can represent new beginnings and blue can represent calmness. "The colours are deep in colour and quite regal in nature, which suggests the Prince and Princess are determined to carry on with their duties as per the usual routine, despite the current media storm surrounding Prince Harry and the Royal Family.” The expert continued: “This isn’t the first time we’ve seen William and Kate choose complementing outfits for royal duties, and it won’t be the last. However, the timing of this following Prince Harry’s book release does seem to suggest the couple are putting on a united front.”  Bella Hignett, the Founder of Bella Hignett Styling, added: "They are trying to present a united front wearing those colours - all very carefully thought through. A carefully curated togetherness. But safe and non-ostentatious, just like them. Not giving too much away. "Green usually represents security, love and growth, and has been worn a lot by royals over the course of history to present calmness and stability. "Blue represents authority (blue blood etc), trust, intelligence and loyalty. A lot of politicians wear navy suits when they are delivering important speeches and messages. "This all reminds me so much of Princess Diana who wore clothes to such a powerful effect. Clothes can subtly say so much." 