Aston Villa winger Leon Bailey could hold back the tears after producing one of the misses of the Premier League so far in the dying embers of Wednesday's draw against Wolves. Julen Lopetegui's relegation-threatened side held Villa to a 1-1 draw, made all the sourer by Bailey's horror blunder. Bailey would've seen his name in the headlines at the climax of a hard-fought Midlands derby at Villa Park. After latching onto a sumptuous long ball, the Jamaica international left Jose Sa stranded and looked destined to end his four-match goal drought. He rounded the Wolves stopper with the goal at his mercy, only needing the slot the ball between the posts to lift the roof of the expectant stadium. But, oh no. It went wrong. Bailey connected with the bobbling ball but could only direct his effort to the wrong side of the right post, prompting Wolves celebrations and Villa disbelief. There was no greater bearer of disbelief than Bailey himself, though, and he couldn't help but collapse to the ground, staring at the grass with his head in his hands in response. JUST IN: Tottenham star Son Heung-min expresses sorrow for team-mates He repeated the same when the final whistle agonisingly blew 20 seconds after, hiding his face and bursting into tears, with Danny Ings among the Villa team-mates to console him quickly. Bailey left the pitch, still crying, after so narrowly missing the chance to net a memorable goal to hand the Villa faithful bragging rights over their Molineux rivals. Later in the evening, Bailey took to Instagram to apologise to the Villans' supporters for his costly miss. He wrote a heartfelt message, reading: "I am really sorry, Villans. I feel at blame for not coming away with all three points tonight. It's really hard to take, and I'm really disappointed in myself. READ MORE: Kieran Trippier rates Newcastle's title chances after Arsenal draw "Surely will be very difficult to sleep tonight, but I'll try to keep my head up. Thanks for the great support tonight. #UTV." Villa boss Unai Emery would've been disappointed not to seal back-to-back league wins after his side were the better on the night. But the stalemate sees Villa leap into 11th ahead of Crystal Palace on goal difference after the Eagles' 4-0 thrashing by Tottenham Hotspur. Emery's men host Stevenage in the FA Cup third round this weekend before Leeds United visit Villa Park next Friday night. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here