Abdulrahimzai was accepted into the UK in December 2019 after lying to the Home Office that he was 14 rather than 18 years old. The court heard that soon after he arrived in the UK, Abdulrahimzai posted a photo of himself holding a knife and was filmed on another platform assaulting a man. Among other incidents included were getting into street fights for money and assaulting his foster carer the court heard. The court also heard that seven years before he murdered Thomas Roberts, a 13-year-old Abdulrahimzai had made his way to Norway before making his way to Italy. Whilst there, he was convicted of drug dealing and given a non-custodial sentence. During the trial, the court heard of multiple opportunities and failings in the Home Office which could have prevented the Robert's murder last year. Under Home Office guidelines it was stipulated that if an individual looked like an adult they could be treated as such. While the evidence suggested Abdulrahimzai was indeed an adult, officials reportedly decided to give him the benefit of the doubt believing he was actually 18. Sources also added that Abdulrahimzai "messed around" officials by not attending interviews and delaying the submission of his statement of evidence used to support his asylum claim. Reports suggest a Merton test was carried out more than two years after he arrived in the UK, and just a month before the murder of Thomas Roberts. The Merton test, also known as a Merton Compliant Assessment is a form of age assessment used for all those wishing to seek asylum in the UK.  The result of the Merton test judged Abdulrahimzai's age to be around 21, seven years older than he claimed. Before arriving in the UK in 2019, Abdulrahimzai had criss-crossed Europe going from Serbia to Norway to Italy, back to Serbia and Norway again before heading to Cherbourg and then Poole in the UK. Originally from Afghanistan, Abdulrahimzai has alleged both his parents were killed by the Taliban and that his uncle helped smuggle him out of the country in October 2015. Furthermore, while Roberts was Abdulrahimzai's first murder on British soil, it was not the first time he had taken a life the court heard. On the night of July 31, the court heard how Abdulrahimzai walked into a shed on the edge of the Serbian town Drobinci and shot dead two Afghan men in cold blood. Jurors were unaware of this when he was on trial. Prosecutor Nic Lobbenberg said of the double murder: "An argument broke about the business of transporting migrants. He was armed with an automatic assault rifle, two others had pistols. One of the group said ‘who is the smuggler?’ and then aimed their weapons at the victims. He shot 18 rounds of a 7.62 calibre Kalashnikov. It’s a military weapon with great firepower and rapid rate of fire. The range of the shooting was said to be relatively short, three to 10 metres.” The prosecution said Abdulrahimzai fired six rounds into each victim and subsequently fled Serbia after committing a murder a UN-backed report had described as "disturbing". Abdulrahimzai was subsequently sentenced to 20 years in prison by a Serbian court in his absence.