Prince Harry said he was "probably bigoted" before his relationship with Meghan Markle. The Duke of Sussex was speaking about racism in the media following the Sussexes' coupling up. The Duke said that he had been "incredibly naïve" over how the British press would cover his relationship with now-wife Meghan Markle. "What Meghan had to go through was similar in some part to what Kate and what Camilla went through – very different circumstances," Prince Harry told Anderson Cooper in a clip released Thursday. However, Prince Harry claimed that "race" was a determining factor in how British media covered the couple's relationship and Meghan's entrance into the Firm. He said: "You add in the race element, which was what the press - British press jumped on straight away. I went into this incredibly naïve. I had no idea the British press were so bigoted. Hell, I was probably bigoted before the relationship with Meghan." Anderson Cooper then put the question directly to the Prince: "You think you were bigoted before the relationship with Meghan?"  "I don't know. Put it this way, I didn't see what I now see," Prince Harry responded. Prince Harry is now slated to appear in three TV interviews ahead of the release of his novel, Spare - one with ITV's Tom Bradby and one with Anderson Cooper on 60 minutes and another with Michael Strahan on Good Morning America. In clips released for his interview with Anderson Cooper, Prince Harry also accused the Royal Family of "briefing" against him and Meghan while "planting" stories in the media. "They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent. And that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story. And at the bottom of it they will say that they've reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting," said the Duke of Sussex. READ MORE: Harry reveals why ex Chelsy Davy was 'different' from the rest  He added that he felt "betrayed" by the Royal Family's "silence" over Meghan's treatment in the press. Prince Harry's interview with Anderson Cooper will air Sunday at midnight GMT on CBS's 60 minutes. CBS is not available in the United Kingdom but clips of the sit down will likely appear on the network's YouTube channel. The Duke's interview with Tom Bradby airs on ITV at 7pm GMT, also on Sunday. He will also appear on Good Morning America with Michael Strahan on Monday, January 9 at 7am EST. This will be followed by a special, "Prince Harry: In His Own Words | Michael Strahan Reporting" later on ABC News Live. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10. 