The bathroom is one of the most high-maintenance rooms in the house when it comes to cleaning - particularly if you struggle with mould. Whether it be in your shower or around the sink, keeping the area free from green and black residue is easier than you may think without using harsh chemical products. In fact, according to domestic cleaning experts, all you need is some fresh lemons. Moisture and humidity provide the perfect environment for bacteria and fungus to thrive, so it's crucial to keep on top of cleaning your bathroom and kitchen if you want to eliminate mould. Wiping the unsightly residue from walls, tiles and ceilings is easy to do but it can be much trickier to scrub it away from the rim of taps and faucets. An expert at FK Domestics said: "You may have noticed a dark build-up around your taps in the bathroom. Mould grows fairly quickly in dark and moist areas. The best way to prevent it from developing is to keep the bathroom well-ventilated by keeping the windows open or turning the extractor fan on." When it comes to removing mould that's already growing, the cleaning professionals recommended ditching harsh bleach and other chemicals for more natural remedies. READ MORE: 'Brighten dingy whites' with 99p ingredient - it's not baking soda They noted that using half a fresh lemon to wipe the area around your taps is an "easy way" to remove the fungus spores - and you can buy them for just 30p in Tesco. Simply cut the citrus fruit in half and scrub the visible dirt away using the half with the juicy flesh. The cleaning experts said: "Let the citric acid work against the mould for a few minutes and wipe away with a scouring pad or a rough sponge. "Make sure that you dry the area completely.  You can further prevent mould from developing around the sink or walls by drying splashed water with a towel after every use of the bathroom." It's not just mould growth around taps that can be treated with lemon juice. In fact, it can also be used on shower curtains too. DON'T MISS:Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [INSIGHT]‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' [TIPS]Baby oil could prevent dust 'build-up' on surfaces in your home [REVEAL] First, take the curtain down and soak it in warm salt water for 15 to 20 minutes. Hang it back up to drip dry over the shower basin or bath and while the curtain is still wet, rub it with a cut lemon or sponge dampened with lemon juice. For extra power on tough stains, you can add some salt to the lemon half before scrubbing it over the mouldy surface. Be sure to use table salt for this as it will stick to the juice more easily and act as a gentle exfoliant. READ MORE: Best method to prevent mould and mildew - cleaner's key product Lemon juice is also great for removing stains as well as targeting mould growth, particularly on stainless steel and metal taps. As a natural bleaching agent, combining it with water creates the perfect DIY cleanser for your home. To make your fresh lemon cleanser, you will need an empty spray bottle, four lemons and some water. Squeeze the juice of the fruits into a jug and sift out the pips before measuring out four tablespoons. Dilute these in one cup of water and continue to fill the bottle using the same ratio of lemon juice to water.  Shake well to combine the ingredients and spritz liberally onto taps, shower heads, and around any other metal stainless steel fixtures in your home that are prone to mould and limescale. Buff with a clean cloth for a polished finish, repeating weekly to keep mould at bay. While you can keep the lemon juice spray for around two weeks, you will need to replace it after this to keep the fresh fragrance and boost its cleansing properties. If you don't have lemons, limes will also work in the same way against mould - it's really the acidity that does the job. 