Daniel Ricciardo has admitted a private conversation with Michael Schumacher was one of the biggest moments of his F1 career. The former McLaren star said the seven-time champion congratulated him after the pair battled for points at the 2012 Japanese Grand Prix. Ricciardo defended against the Mercedes driver in the closing stages to hold on to only his fourth points finish in his career at the time. The Australian stressed getting the better of Schumacher gave him a “lot of confidence” and was even more ecstatic when the German pulled him in for a chat. The 33-year-old even revealed he thought of Schumacher as a “God” despite the former Ferrari star heading into his final few races in the sport. He made the revelation to Speedcafe while opening up on the best moments of his decade in F1. He explained: "One left of field is Suzuka, 2012. I defended Schumacher in the last part of the race, and I won the last point in 10th. I was still intimidated by him at that time; obviously I was like, he’s God. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher sends touching message to dad Michael “When he caught me, if there was live betting, I wouldn’t have bet on myself that I was going to keep him behind for the next 10 laps of whatever! The fact that I did that, and the level of comfort I felt defending him, I kind of surprised myself with my race craft. “From that, I grew a lot of confidence. That was a very important race for me which is not talked about because I finished 10th. But personally, for me, it was really big. It was followed up by him congratulating me [at] the following race on the drivers’ parade, I remember he came up and said ‘good job last week defending’. “That, for me, getting a bit of confirmation from someone like that, at that age, and that point in my career was huge.” DON'T MISSGerman F1 fans told they should be 'ashamed' with post-Schumacher era [INSIGHT]Schumacher's wife recalls private conversation over huge career move [ANALYSIS]Martin Brundle explains how Verstappen is 'Michael Schumacher-esque' [COMMENT] Ricciardo has stepped away from full-time F1 after he was ditched by McLaren over the summer. He will return to Red Bull as a test driver for 2023 where he achieved seven race wins in his spell at the team. Ricciardo has previously revealed he would be targeting a race return in 2024 despite his Red Bull contract not promising a drive. He commented: “I think right now, sitting here, I don’t feel completely done. “I think I’ll want to get back on the grid, but time will tell. I’m not going to say, ‘Yeah, I can have every seat I want’, but ultimately it’s my decision if I want to be back.”