Just days after the Duke of Sussex's bombshell memoir, which was released on January 10, rocketed already-existing tensions with the Royal Family, Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice headed back into their work schedule. The two daughters of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson both undertook solo work, just days after the release of Spare. The eldest of the two sisters, Princess Beatrice, 34, attended the World Economic Forum, while Princess Eugenie, 32, opened a new music and sports centre at a grammar school. Following Eugenie's appearance, Wilson's school said regarding the opening, which took place last week: "We were delighted to celebrate the Grand Opening of our new music and sports facilities in the Britton Centre on Tuesday, in the presence of Her Royal Highness Princess Eugenie. "It was fitting to welcome a direct descendant of King James I, who gave permission for Edward Wilson to found our school in 1615, on this most special occasion. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha Markle launches another attack on sister Meghan "The Grand Opening marked the culmination of the most ambitious building project in the school’s recent history." Princess Beatrice attended the World Economic Forum on Monday. Following her visit, Dr Anjhula Mya Singh Bais shared a picture of herself and Beatrice, captioning the picture with "royals and activism, Princess Beatrice". Both sisters are mentioned in Prince Harry's memoir. Harry documents Eugenie's encounters with some of his girlfriends, including with his wife Meghan Markle. READ MORE: Prince Andrew wants to use HRH titles again after 'reaching understanding' with King In his bombshell memoir, Prince Harry shared details of Eugenie's first encounter with Meghan at Nottingham Cottage, explaining how the duo got along "as if they were sisters". Also sharing Eugenie's bond with Harry and Meghan, the couple shared unseen pictures from a Halloween party with Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, in their Netflix docu-series. Halloween was Meghan and Harry's final night out before their relationship was revealed. DON'T MISS Piers Morgan accuses Harry and Meghan of playing 'victims' [REPORT]Kate and William lost opportunity to counter Harry's narrative–expert [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton says Clarkson made a mistake but shouldn’t have apologised [REVEAL]  The couple, speaking of the party, said they "wanted to pull the pin on the fun grenade". On the docu-series, Meghan said: "His cousin Eugenie, her boyfriend Jack and my friend Marcus were there too. "It was so great, just silly fun."