A violent thug has from Wigan confessed to his mum he "may have murdered someone" just hours after he left a woman for dead in a country park. Shane Woods, 33, brutally strangled the woman after she made a joke about his son, a court has heard. He has now been jailed for 11-and-a-half years with an additional five years on extended licence.  The sentencing comes as the senior judge deemed the man to be a “dangerous" offender. Information about the brutal incident, which took place in Haigh Country Park on May 21 last year, was shared during a sentencing hearing at Bolton Crown Court yesterday. The Honorary Recorder of Bolton Judge Martin Walsh said Woods met his victim in the early morning after chatting to her on social media. The two drank alcohol and had cocaine before going to the park. The victim did not recall the start of the assault but said she regained consciousness at one point when she saw Woods's hands on her throat. She said she drifted in and out of consciousness and at one point came around and believed she had suffered a stroke because of the swelling in her face. Woods arrived back home at 7.30 in the morning and asked his brother to wash his clothes before heading to bed. The woman was discovered, propped up against a tree and crying for help by a passer-by at 9.00am. At this point, she was still losing and regaining consciousness. The attack left the woman with horrific injuries around her body and after being rushed to hospital, was diagnosed with a stroke due to her brain bleeding and mild hypothermia. Hours after coming home, Woods told his mum he "may have murdered someone" and asked her to call 999. The court heard that Woods also made reference to showing the authorities "where the body was" after he was arrested. During the interview with police, Woods said he assaulted the woman because he had "taken offence at a joke which she made about his son". The victim's injuries included severe bruising on her face and head. Her right eye was also swollen, shut and badly bruised.  She also suffered deep and extensive bruising to her neck and spinal tenderness at the back of her neck. There was also swelling above her right eye socket and cheek and she had a cut along the right jawbone and on the inside of her upper lip, which was also swollen. A CT scan after she was rushed to hospital also revealed a small subarachnoid haemorrhage – a stroke due to brain bleeding. The woman said she had "significant continuing physical and psychological impact" as a result of the attack and mentioned further surgery will be required.  Woods denied that he wanted to kill the woman or cause her really serious harm. He was first charged with attempted murder but pleaded not guilty and admitted to inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent at a hearing in October. His admission was accepted by the Crown. Manchester Evening News reports Judge Walsh detailed Woods' "troubling antecedent history" during the hearing, which included an incident in 2009 when he attacked another man with a knife "without any apparent motive". He also committed robbery in 2013, and affray, possession of a knife, and making threats to kill in 2015. Judge Walsh read from a pre-sentence report, which deemed Woods as posing a very high risk of causing serious harm to the public. The report read: "Due to the static and dynamic risk factors in this case, including the seriousness of the current offence, the seriousness of his previous offending, substance misuse, emotional difficulties, significant domestic violence concerns underpinning attitudes of resentment towards females and a propensity to extreme aggressive and violent behaviour...it is my assessment that Mr Woods poses a very high risk of serious harm" Explaining his sentence, Judge Walsh said: "This is clearly a case of high culpability involving strangulation of a vulnerable victim as part of a sustained assault which took place in a remote location. "The impact upon your victim is severe and although she survived the strangulation, it is quite clear from the photographic evidence and the account of the complainant herself that the strangulation, which was an integral part of a sustained and violent that this case attack in which she suffered extensive injury, was itself life threatening." For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 