TalkTV presenters Richard Tice and Isabel Oakeshott stood in for Piers Morgan on his Uncensored show on Tuesday and were joined by former RMT boss Steve Hedley. However, the pair were left infuriated when he accused them and their friends of offshoring money, deviating from their conversation about what he wanted out of the rail strikes. As Steve was explaining his expectations, Richard interjected and claimed that what Steve was aiming for was unrealistic. This infuriated Steve and left him to enter a target, claiming: "The realistic world is you and your mates. "You come on here as reporters for have got massive tax breaks, you're offshoring money!" Confused as to where he got the accusation from, Richard asked: "What are you talking about? What are you talking about?" READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Confident in his answer, Steve repeated: "You are offshoring money, you're avoiding tax," as Richard denied: "Steve, you have no idea what you are talking about." Steve added: "I am talking about the Brits in this country who offshore tax, are you trying to say that doesn't happen?" Offended, Isabel interjected and exclaimed: "Hang on a minute, you were talking about us two!" but Steve denied her claims: "No I wasn't, I said your mates." Knowing what she heard, Isabel reiterated: "You were, you said you and your mates and you just accused us!" Sensing her anger, Steve teased: "Sorry have I rattled your cage?" as she shouted back: "Yes, you have!" Steve continued to push their buttons and asked: "Have you got something offshore as well?" Isabel defended herself and explained: "Absolutely nothing whatsoever, although quite frankly I'd like to have it offshore, because I don't think my taxes are well used in this country." Steve interrupted: "Have you not? Okay... I bet you would! Why don't you leave then?" Richard added: "Why do you assume that I have mates that run rail companies? You said mates in the system who run the railways!" DON'T MISS...Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [ANALYSIS] Steve claimed: "I didn't say that, I said your mates offshoring money, you have mates offshoring money, don't you?" Richard simply stated: "Nonsense," as Isabel asked once again: "What are you talking about?" The debate continued to get heated with Steve claiming that Isabel and Richard were fascists, prompting Isabel to laugh. Shutting down the interview, she said: "Listen this is actually a joke, he is a joke," as Richard added: "You are an embarrassment to your industry. "You are an embarrassment for your union, how can you justify yourself?" Isabel concluded: "It is actually laughable, I think you have dug your own grave, I think we will move on." Steve walked off the set whilst Richard and Isabel were setting up the next segment and reading off of the autocue. Viewers of the show were also left stunned, with @rmhurn tweeting: "#stevehedley representing rail workers. Dreadful dreadful dreadful. How do people like this get to represent workers? Full of bile and hate." @Natster75 added: "I’m still in shock with this bloke, an absolutely awful man, clearly has communist views." @Emma48905371 fumed: "That guys was terrible. He just wanted to disrupt the conversation. Didn’t plan to answer any questions." (sic) Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.