An alleged machete attack in south east London has left two teenage boys injured this afternoon. Police have confirmed that one boy, 17, received "slash wounds" while another, 16, has suffered "knife injuries", and was taken to hospital. Emergency services raced to the scene after being called just after 2pm on Bonfield Road. Police are continuing their inquiries into the incident, but have made no arrests so far. The boys' injuries are not believed to be life threatening. The manager of a local pizza restaurant told MyLondon: "I came out the shop and saw lots of police. I'm not sure exactly where it happened, but people are saying a fight broke out in a chicken shop further up the road, near the Nando's." One witness tweeted: "Saw a huge brawl in a chicken shop in Lewisham on my way home, bout 10 kids involved, all under 16," adding that one had a "very large machete." The London Ambulance Service sent two ambulance crews, a medic in a fast response car and an incident response officer to the scene. A spokesperson for the Met said: "Police were called by London Ambulance Service [LAS] at 14:02hrs on Thursday, 26 January to reports of a man stabbed at Bonfield Road, SE13. Officers and LAS attended. "At the scene a 16-year-old male was found with knife injuries. A second male, aged 17, was found with slash wounds to the hand. The 16-year-old male was taken to hospital by LAS. Neither victim’s injuries are life threatening. At this early stage there have been no arrests. A number of youths at the scene have been spoken to. Enquiries are ongoing."  The spokesperson added that a Section 60 and Section 35 order under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 had been authorised for the surrounding area. The Lewisham branch of the Met added on Twitter: "A Section 60 & 60AA CJPO Act search authority has been authorised by Insp Evans in the SE13 area. Serious violent disorder involving the use of a machete has occurred." A Section 60 Act gives police power to stop and search someone if they reasonably believe that serious violence may be about to take place that could be prevented by police - or if someone is "carrying dangerous instruments or offensive weapons in any locality in his police area without good reason." The order will be in place until 2.15am tomorrow, with details provided of the area on the force's Twitter. Anyone with information or footage relating to the machete attack is encouraged to call police on 101 or Tweet @MetCC, quoting 3797/26JAN. 