Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is reportedly set to leave the club at the end of the season when his contract expires, despite ongoing negotiations about a new deal. The Italian is said to have fallen out of favour with the higher powers at the club due to how he makes his issues public. Spurs are currently fifth in the Premier League and starting to lose tabs on the top four, with their squad evidently lacking quality and creativity. Despite leading 2-0 at half-time, Tottenham were beaten 4-2 by Manchester City earlier this week and face a tricky task on Monday night in the shape of Fulham. Conte has been vocal about how he has realistic ambitions for this season with his Tottenham squad, whilst also insisting that the team is far from the finished product. The former Chelsea boss has not shied away from difficult questions and also made it no secret that some signings were made without his opinions in mind. Reports have circulated that talks are ongoing with Conte to extend his stay at Tottenham beyond this season, with his current deal expiring in the summer, though the Italian is unlikely to pen a new deal according to the press in his homeland. Journalist Gianluca Di Marzio told his ‘L’Originale‘ program on Sky Sports: "The news I can tell you with certainty is that Antonio Conte will leave Tottenham at the end of the season.  "There was no spark, his contract is expiring and the club has not asked him for a renewal. The club does not like the frequent jibes. "Conte wants players to win, while the club prefers to trade, the feeling with the club has not clicked. His family, among other things, has remained in Italy.”  Tottenham are expected to remain busy in this month’s transfer window, with hopes that reinforcements could spark a reaction out of the squad and they can return to the Champions League places. Though arrivals may only seen to best effect when a new manager arrives at the club. Former Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has been heavily linked with a return to north London previously and has discussed in interviews about how he is manifesting being given the opportunity to lead the club to a title charge one more time. The Argentine has been out of work since he was sacked by Paris Saint-Germain last year, biding his time to pick his next venture despite several approaches.