During 2022 domestically we had a bruising time for leadership, with three Prime Ministers in such a ridiculously short period of time. The current PM Rishi Sunak (remember him?) and the leader of the Opposition Sir Keir Starmer therefore thought it would be a good time to set out their agenda so that voters could have a choice when the next election comes. A couple of problems present themselves, however. Firstly, to state the obvious, both men are as dull as dishwater. Secondly both men want to sound serious and sensible so therefore come across as dull as dishwater (see point one). READ MORE: Harry is a cowardly whinging insufferable little wimp - CAROLE MALONE Thirdly, and perhaps most significantly, the story everyone is interested in is not what Sunak or Starmer think are the priorities for the year ahead but rather what the latest mad allegation or utterance is from the “Spare” himself, the artist formerly known as Prince Harry. I never thought, as an ardent monarchist, that a member of “the Firm” would do so much damage to the institution that means so much to so many of us. But it is not just the damage to the monarchy as an institution that is so difficult to watch and listen to, (although to be fair I try to avoid either watching or listening to anything which comes from that direction). Prince Harry has also set himself on a self-destruction mode with an institution he says he cares deeply about and that is the armed forces. The crass comments in his upcoming book, “Spare” about his actions in Afghanistan have a number of consequences. Firstly, for a man who says he wants to protect his family he is incredibly reckless with his comments about the killing of 25 Taliban insurgents. He said he didn’t see them as human beings rather as chess pieces which had to be removed. READ MORE: This new betrayal will be Harry's epitaph Obviously, all soldiers must rationalise the actions they take in combat, but this is no ordinary soldier. This is a member of the British Royal family, many of whom have served with distinction in various theatres of war; even his uncle, Prince Andrew kept his counsel over his active service in the Falklands War as far as I am aware. Harry, however, for a rather large sum of money has laid bare what happened in Afghanistan, regardless of the consequences. This predictably brought a response from the Taliban, and I have to say it says something when the Taliban look reasonable in their response to something said by a member of our Royal Family. In my opinion there is no doubt that Harry has now put his own family in danger from reprisal. As well as putting his own immediate nuclear family in danger he has spectacularly let down his military family, who we are led to believe thought very highly of him, for his down to earth attitude to service. Various military analysts and former leaders have expressed their views which vary from pity to disgust. Not a good look for a man who claims to value empathy, comradery and humility. Lastly, he has let down the Commander in Chief of the armed forces with his comments. The current Commander in Chief is of course his father and as a parent myself I can only imagine the pain his father is feeling at this early point in his reign. The King is a good and kind man, and I am so sad that his son could treat him in this way. But for 70 years our Commander in chief was her late Majesty the Queen, and I for one am thankful that she is not on this earth to witness the meltdown of her beloved grandson. We are told that the late majesty was very fond of Harry and very much enjoyed his sense of fun. How desperately sad that he has betrayed her memory with his ranting and ravings as well as the pain inflicted on her son, our King. We are told the late Queen’s mantra was “never complain, never explain”. If only Harry had taken that advice, we could all have been “Spared.”