The cost of electricity has risen in the UK and Brits are looking for cheaper alternatives to using tumble dryers. While air drying is free, it can take days for clothes to fully dry in the winter and a dehumidifier can also help prevent condensation from wreaking havoc on homes. According to research from NimbleFins, the average cost of electricity for January 2023 is around 34p per kWh. A study led by financial experts compared three appliances from Argos to see whether using a dehumidifier and heated airer would be cheaper to run than using a tumble dryer. The experts found that the Challenge 0.5 Litre Mini Dehumidifier on Argos was cheaper to run over the Bush Condenser Tumble Dryer and Argos Home Heated Clothes Airer, and if used for eight hours straight would cost £0.06 per load to run. And now shoppers can buy it for as little as £32.50 up with a deal from Top Cashback, which saves up to £17.50 off its original price of £50. The energy needed to run the dehumidifier is very low at 22.5 Watts per hour, compared to 230 Watts for a heated airier and 2,006 Watts for a tumble dryer. NimbleFin experts confirm that while a dehumidifier might be an extra cost in addition to a heated airer, it is still much “cheaper to use” over a tumble dryer. Top Cashback is offering shoppers a deal that they can use to save £15 on it when they sign up to be a new member. New Argos shoppers can buy it for only £32.50, while existing Argos shoppers will be able to nab it for £34.17.  Here’s how to redeem. 1. Join Top Cashback and sign up here. 2. Search for Argos and select “Get Cashback Now” 3. Shop on Argos, add the Challenge 0.5 Litre Mini Dehumidifer or spend at least £15 or more, then checkout as usual. 4. The sign up bonus and cash back will appear in your Top Cashback account within seven days of your purchase. The cash back will become payable after the Argos returns period is over and they have paid Top Cashback the commission for your purchase. With over 900 reviews, Argos shoppers praise the dehumidifier and some 86 percent of shoppers would recommend it as a product. ol1v3rk said: “I use it for a couple of hours each day and it doesn’t seem to use a lot of electricity. Very easy to set up and use, empties very easily and is very quiet. Jude added: “Small but mighty.” Natters also added: “Works well with the door closed and is very quiet.”