A model in her seventies has taken it upon herself to motivate other women her age to adopt whatever fashion style they fancy. 73-year-old Colleen Heidemann embarked on a modelling career only four years ago and has since promoted opportunities for older women. In a sign of her growing success, Ms Heidemann has signed with NEXT Management, a premier modelling and talent agency that has previously signed celebrities like Alexa Chung, Dua Lipa, and Billie Eilish. Colleen, who goes by the handle @colleen_heidmann, was spotted in a recent video sporting a glam ensemble of thigh-high boots, a tiny black dress, a stylish leather jacket, and a giant pair of sunglasses. Colleen wished her fans a happy new year and captioned the video: "I DRESS MY AGE HOWEVER I WANT!!!," defying the artificial "rules" that dictate what is considered to be age-appropriate clothing. Against pounding music, the clip's voiceover declares: "Let them not define you. We are powerful. We're not undetectable. I choose how to dress for my age." Since its release, the empowering video has garnered over 27K views and a tonne of positive feedback from viewers.  Jannette Ortega took to TikTok to comment: "Beautiful" followed by Signorasavage who applauded Colleen by saying: "WOW!!! Looove the audio, love the outfit, love everything about this." Other TikTok users agreed, responding: "Exactly right! And you wear it well. Happy New Year." Kare, a 60-year-old woman, said she shares the same struggle of being told to dress her age and praised Colleen for "always looking fabulous", adding: "I’m 60 dressing my age is whatever I pull out of my closet!" Other followers described her look as "georgeous", "wow", "elegant", "pioneer", some praising the 73-year-old for breaking barriers and inspiring other women. Judy_is_70 said: "We are Redefining Aging! We are making history as a young beautiful generation, no age limit" with the hashtag "Itscooltobeold". READ MORE: Madonna kisses Jack Black while Diplo flashes guests in raunchy video Lovelandsoul said: "My new hero!" The septuagenarian model, who now has 319.4k followers, has been sharing her modelling journey towards accepting herself as a stylish 73-year-old on her TikTok account since 2021. Fellow user and "talented" friend @paintedbyspencer, who advertises beauty products on his TikTok account, introduced her to the world of the social media. She has since spread messages of love and self-acceptance on the platform to her hundreds of thousands of fans with countless videos of her wearing all sorts of outfits, make-up and working out. In a video showing her without make-up, she thanked make-up artist @paintedbyspencer for "so many dream-like moments within my lifetime". DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice wows in her mother Fergie's jacket [REPORT] Queen Maxima divides fans with 'inappropriate' accessory [REPORT] Meghan Markle's most symbolic jewellery 'protects her from evil' [REPORT] The model also shares tips on how to stay healthy and look fashionable in all circumstances, captioning her videos with inspiring messages. One says: "Don’t let anyone tell you who you should be or how you should dress… BE YOU!!" with a video of her walking confidently as Sia’s song Unstoppable plays in the back. Sia’s song appears to be a motto of hers, as it is played in multiple clips of her exercising at the gym and walking on the streets. Another sign of her growing popularity on TikTok is the millions of viewers she attracts to her videos, with some clips garnering up to 4.7 million views. In her latest post, she said: "Never give up!! It is such an important message!!! Especially as we get older, we can not afford to stop moving." READ NEXT:Stylists 'simple' tip to 'look younger straight away'Charles Leclerc lifts lid on what he and Lewis Hamilton discussPrince William would 'suit a short beard' despite slamming Harry'sPrincess Beatrice owns 'lush' accessory in most colours - picturesHolly Willoughby's most controversial Dancing On Ice gowns of all time