Rishi Sunak has ordered his independent ethics adviser to launch a probe, after it emerged that Nadhim Zahawi paid a penalty to HMRC over unpaid tax while he was chancellor. He has described the error as "careless and not deliberate". Meanwhile, Labour is calling on Rishi Sunak to "come clean" about his tax affairs, saying his position at Tory Party Chairman is "untenable".   According to the Guardian, the former Chancellor paid back tax he had owed as well as a 30 percent penalty, with a total settlement amounting to £4.8m. The tax was related to a shareholding in YouGov, the polling company he co-founded in 2000 before he became an MP.  In a statement following the announcement of the investigation into Mr Zahawi, the Prime Minister said: "Integrity and accountability is really important to me, including in this case, there are questions that need answering and that is why I have asked our independent advisor to get to the bottom of everything – to investigate the matter fully and establish all the facts and provide advice to me on Nadim Zahawi’s compliance with the Ministerial Code.    "I am pleased Nadim Zahawi has agreed to that approach and has agreed to fully co-operate with that investigation." Last Wednesday, Mr Sunak said Tory Party Chairman has "already addressed the matter in full and there is nothing more that I can add". Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Lib Dem Deputy LEader Daisy Cooper have all called for Mr Zahawi to resign. DON'T MISS:EU taking UK fish as British fishermen 'screwed over' by bureaucracy [INSIGHT]EU desperate for Starmer to take over from Rishi Sunak as UK's next PM [REVEAL]Tony Blair shredded for 'hypocrisy' as ex-PM touted as new 'Mr Davos' [REACTION]  Sir Keir said it is "obvious" that Mr Zahawi can't stay as Tory Party chairman, calling for Mr Sunak to "show some leadership" and "sack him today". Meanwhile, Ms Cooper said: "The gear-change from ‘nothing to see here’ to ordering a major ethics investigation in just a few days, puts Sunak’s own judgment in the spotlight once again. "If Sunak won’t do the decent thing and sack Zahawi, the least he can do is suspend him for the duration of the investigation." 