Dancing on Ice is back with a new bunch of celebrities pulling out all the stops to win over the panel and viewers at home. The ITV skating competition will welcome the second half of this year's contestants to the ice rink before someone is eliminated from the show. Express.co.uk has all there is to know to watch the second episode of Dancing on Ice. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Dancing on Ice. Dancing on Ice will return for its second episode on Sunday, January 22, at 6.30pm on ITV. The show will have a running time of an hour and a half, with the episode coming to an end at 8pm. Once Dancing on Ice is done and dusted with for this week, a new episode from Vera season 11 will air. What makes this second episode of the contest even more important though is the fact someone is going to be leaving for good. READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years In the premiere, six of the 11 contestants and their partners took to the ice for the first time. These were Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer, Patsy Palmer and Matt Evers, Michelle Heaton and Łukasz Różycki, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Brendyn Hatfield, Nile Wilson and Olivia Smart and Siva Kaneswaran and Klabera Komini. Gracing the top of the leaderboard was gymnast Nile Wilson who scored an impressive 29.5 points for his performance to Harry Styles' Sign of the Times. On the other end of the spectrum was former Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton with her routine to Waking Up Dreaming by Shania Twain which won her just 19 points. However, it was last year's Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu who got the least amount of votes on the night. When asked how she was feeling by presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, she simply said: "I’m just sad but it’s fine. Just keep going.” It's not over just yet for Ekin-Su as she will have to face the dreaded skate-off against another celebrity this weekend to determine her fate. The judging panel, made up of Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean, Ashley Banjo and Oti Mabuse, will then have to decide between the two who should be sent packing. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [UPDATE]Coronation Street boss details 'everyone should be worried'  [SPOILER]James Martins warns to 'never put eggs in the fridge' for key reason [WARNING] But before fans find out who is the first to be voted off the show, there are five more routines to look forward to. The remaining celebrities and skaters to perform are Mollie Gallagher and Sylvain Longchambon, Darren Harriott and Tippy Packard, John Fashanu and Alexandra Schauman, The Vivienne and Colin Grafton and Carley Stenson and Mark Hanretty. Once again, the public must vote for their favourites and the couple with the least votes will go head-to-head with Ekin-Su in the skate-off. Each week, Torvill and Dean take it in turns as the Head Judge, so in the event of a tie, it will be up to them who stays in the show. Speaking of the new series, host Holly Willoughby explained how she felt anxious watching the skaters perform live. She said: "The only thing that makes any of that better is the fact that I’m watching it on a monitor backstage. "When it’s the skate-off, it’s the only time that me and Phil are rink-side to watch the skates. "I hate it – I stand there with my eyes shut and especially if I know there is a move or headbanger coming up!" Dancing on Ice continues on Sunday, January 22, at 6.30pm on ITV.