Penguin Random House publisher has announced that Prince Harry’s new book ‘Spare’ has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever in just one day. The only other book that has beaten the royal’s memoir is the “Other Harry” from JK Rowling’s Harry Potter series.    On Tuesday, Prince Harry’s autobiography ‘Spare’ was released at midnight, and after a full day of sales, it has been announced that 1,430,000 copies were sold just in the US, Canada and the UK. These figures include both physical print versions of the book, as well as e-book and audio versions sold. Larry Finlay, the managing director of Transworld Penguin Random House, said: “We always knew this book would fly but it is exceeding even our most bullish expectations. “As far as we know, the only books to have sold more in their first day are those starring the other Harry [Potter].”    Prince Harry has done a handful of interviews since Sunday evening to promote the book and made an appearance on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert on its release date. The book was also accidentally leaked early in Spain, which caused the media to cover some of the most dramatic stories before January 10. It has been announced that a second print of the book is currently underway after an original print run of two million copies. The drama-packed memoir enabled Prince Harry to make several claims about relationships with other members of the Royal Family, as well as reveals intimate details about his own life, such as why he and his wife Meghan Markle decided to step back as working royals in 2020. READ MORE: Prince Harry lookalike is 'worried' for his safety after Taliban claim    The book is being sold for £14, not the original retail price of £28, in shops such as Waterstones, WH Smith and Amazon However, one expert in the publishing industry has said it is “quite normal” for a “big hardback” not to be sold at its original price. Philip Jones, the editor of the publishing magazine Bookseller, said Spare has been one of the biggest pre-ordered books in the last decade. He said: “It is likely to be one of the biggest books of the year in terms of sales and impact.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle failed to 'get their story straight' [REPORT]Harry claims Charles carried teddy everywhere due to 'loneliness' [REVEAL]Prince Harry slammed for ‘embarrassing the UK’ with new Megxit memoir [INSIGHT]    Gina Centrello, the President of the Random House Group, announced the sales figures of ‘Spare’ this week. She said: “While many books by public figures can be fairly categorised as ‘celebrity memoir,’ Spare is not that. “Vulnerable and heartfelt, brave and intimate, Spare is the story of someone we may have thought we already knew, but now we can truly come to understand Prince Harry through his own words. “Looking at these extraordinary first day sales, readers clearly agree, Spare is a book that demands to be read, and it is a book we are proud to publish.”   