Jeremy Clarkson held his hands up and issued an apology to Meghan Markle for saying he wanted to see her "paraded naked through the streets", writing on his Instagram account: “I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on.” But the words were not well received by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who rebuked his behaviour and accused Mr Clarkson of “writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny” according to a statement from their spokesperson. The column has since been removed from The Sun’s website and Amazon is no longer going to work with the presenter beyond the two seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ‘want to see Clarkson suffer’ READ MORE: Clarkson's apology gave Harry and Meghan 'open goal', expert claims But what do you think about his apology, should he have made one or should he not have made the remarks in the first place? Express.co.uk readers have made their opinions clear. One Express reader who goes by the username whateveryousay argued that the apology should have never happened in the first place. They commented: “Jeremy should never in a million years have apologised to the very people who choose to bring others down. Shame on Harry and Meghan for not being gracious in their reply. Expected nothing less to be fair.” Another Express reader, under the username EnoughAlready, agreed that it was a mistake for Jeremy Clarkson to apologise. They wrote: “Unfortunately JC will be remembered for shooting himself in the foot, big BIG mistake apologising.” However, one reader under the username sleepythemackem claimed the former Top Gear presenter deserves the backlash he has faced. They commented: "Clarkson makes a habit of insulting people then apologising when public opinion turns against him. This time he's come unstuck. Serves him right." Some social media users got involved in the episode and accused Mr Clarkson of caving to wokery by issuing an apology, asking if it was really worth it. Figures in the public eye are also piling into the row, with former UKIP leader Nigel Farage arguing on GB News that it was wrong for Mr Clarkson to say sorry, highlighting the episode as a real example of cancel culture. He said: “They used the opportunity to accuse him of being a conspiracy theorist, a misogynist, and a hate-monger. You begin to understand this is what cancel culture is actually all about.” However, Phillip Schofield came under fire from This Morning fans after being accused of defending Mr Clarkson's actions, sparking backlash on social media from those who felt it was the wrong thing to do. What do you think? Was Jeremy Clarkson right to admit his mistake and issue an apology? Share your thoughts in the comments section below