Donald Trump has claimed "very good things happening" for the Republican Party while he revealed "intense but smart negotiations" are taking place behind the scenes. Following the Grand Old Party's taking of the House of Representatives in last November's midterms, a Republican will now likely be elected to the role of Speaker of the House. However, the leading contender Kevin McCarthy has failed to secure the majority of 218 votes needed for victory after six rounds of voting. The House has now voted to adjourn for the night by 216 to 214, after every Democrat and four Republicans voted to keep the session going. In an update on his own social media platform Truth Social, Mr Trump said: "Very good things are happening behind the scenes for the Republican Party. "Intense but Smart (sic) negotiations between GREAT and PATRIOTIC people are ongoing.  "They all love our Country, and want something to go forward, ASAP. "This "event" will end up making the Republican Party STRONGER and more UNITED than ever before. "OUR NATION IS AT STAKE. Stay tuned and, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"  READ MORE: Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes The ex-POTUS pleaded with his party to "close the deal, take the victory", and "not turn a great triumph into a giant and embarrassing defeat" after 20 party members held out for another candidate. Congressional business cannot begin until a Speaker is elected, so the process must be completed before other members of the House are sworn in. This is the first occasion in 100 years that a Speaker has not been chosen in the first round of voting.  DON'T MISS:Tories accused of creating 'chasm' with Northern Ireland due to Brexit [LATEST]Prince Harry showed signs of 'suppressed anger' in interview footage [ANALYSIS]War ‘likely’ to worsen as Putin accuses West of 'destroying Russia' [INSIGHT] President Joe Biden has condemned the situation as "embarrassing" as he left for a visit to Kentucky. Speaking to reporters after landing at an airport in the Bluegrass State, he said: "To be able to have a Congress that can't function is just embarrassing. We're the greatest country in the world. How can that be? "And we've had a lot of trouble with the attacks on our institutions already." 