But the move would require Russia’s air force to threaten aerial domination for them to be deployed. It follows a key meeting of the European Air Group at its UK headquarters in High Wycombe Air Command last week. The defence club was originally formed by the UK and France following the first Gulf War, and now includes Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, Italy and Spain. All seven, including Britain, have agreed to make contingency plans to deploy a total of around 50 fourth-generation Eurofighter Typhoons or F-16 fighter jets or to provide training and logistics packages. Sending the F-35 Lightning II, a fifth-generation Joint Strike Fighter, however, is “not on the table”, sources say. “The view expressed at the meeting was that the Air Forces of these seven countries must be ready to act quickly if a political decision were taken to provide air cover,” added the source. Last night, one former RAF Air Commodore dubbed the move – which would follow the agreement by Nato members to gift around 130 main battle tanks – as a “logical progression”, while another urged training to begin now. Ukraine has made it clear it wishes to add combat jets to its arsenal, and has made a direct request to the UK. The Netherlands has publicly stated it would consider sending F-16s, and the US has confirmed it will not stand in its way. While German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has already publicly ruled out the deployment of fighter jets, this would not prevent the country’s air force – which operates Typhoons – from playing a vital role in training and logistics. And this is just one of the severe challenges which may yet dissuade London and other capitals from giving the green light. One aspect is the role of such an air force has not yet been determined. Air Commodore Dai Whittingham, formerly deputy commander for Nato’s Airborne Early Warning and Control Force, said: “Heavy armour allows infantry to advance and it is infantry which holds the ground. You’d expect air cover to be tackling the front line ahead of their advance. “Some may say deploying Typhoons is a major escalation but, while it’s not inevitable, it is really just a logical progression.” But although Western air doctrine places air cover as a crucial component to supporting deployments on the ground, neither Russia nor Ukraine have been able to establish air superiority as both possess very capable ground-based air defence systems (Gbad). Air Power expert Justin Bronk, of the RUSI think tank, said: “The provision of Western fighter jets won’t make a difference now to what is essentially a ground war. “Russia has a significantly larger force of modern fourth-generation fighter aircraft, which are comparable to F-16s. “Their pilots have combat experience, and even they cannot effectively provide close air support to their ground forces because of Ukrainian Gbad capabilities.” Depending on the role assigned to the aircraft, training of pilots “to an effective standard” could take eight months. But logistical groundwork for spare parts and training engineers could take even longer. Another option, to persuade Bulgaria, Poland, Hungry, Romania to follow Slovakia’s offer to send Soviet-build Mig-29s – already in service in Ukraine – would cut this drastically, but offer no advantage. Mr Bronk added: “At some point Western fighter jets will be sent – the question is determining at what point it becomes worth committing resources involved given other pressing priorities, That time is not now.” Last night it was claimed satellite photos showed Russia is planning a fresh offensive ahead of the first anniversary of the invasion on February 24. Oleksiy Danilov, the secretary of Ukraine’s national security and defence council, said: “Now they are preparing for maximum activation, and they believe that by the anniversary they should have some achievements.”