Arsenal have reportedly been following the progress of Montpellier striker Elye Wahi. Mikel Arteta is keeping his options open as he searches for a potential stand-in for Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal are set to be without Jesus for several months due to the knee injury he picked up at the World Cup. Eddie Nketiah is left as the only fit striker at the club. Nketiah has scored in each of his two appearances since the resumption of top-flight football after the World Cup. But Arteta is wary of his lack of options up top. Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix is linked with a potential loan move to the Emirates. However, Chelsea are also keen on the Portugal international. READ MORE: Arsenal made aware of 'new price' for Mudryk after second bid  A new potential target for Arteta is that of Wahi. French outlet Foot Mercato claims the Gunners have followed the 20-year-old 'phenomenon' for several months. An immediate offer is not on the cards as of yet as they continue to scout the player. Montpellier are not keen on letting Wahi leave in the middle of a season after he has become an integral part of their team, starting 15 of their 16 league matches so far. The report claims he will only leave in this window if a fantastic offer arises. A summer exit is deemed as far more likely, with him already valued at over £26.5million (€30m). Wahi has 20 goals in 73 appearances for Montpellier since making his debut for the club in December 2020. Seven of those goals have come this season and he became the second-youngest player to reach 20 career goals in Ligue 1 with his strike in the 2-0 win at Lorient last week. DON'T MISSWhat Man Utd are 'looking for' after Saudis pull out and contract cut shortGuardiola hints at training ground issues as Man City trio continue to be left outRonaldo hands Man Utd parting gift with 'January loan' on the cards  Only Kylian Mbappe has reached that landmark at a younger age than Wahi. Top clubs in France, as well as the likes of Tottenham, Manchester United and Liverpool, are all also said to have shown an interest in Wahi. Wahi still has two-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at Montpellier. He signed an extension to his deal last March. If Arsenal did sign Wahi, it may raise some doubts over the long-term future of Folarin Balogun. The England under-21 international is currently on loan in France with Reims and has an impressive 10 goals in 16 league appearances this season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here