During Elvis Presley’s final eight months in 1977, his last girlfriend Ginger Alden lived at Graceland with him and Lisa Marie Presley – when she was home for the holidays. The King’s daughter was just nine-year-old when her father’s lover discovered his body on the floor of his upstairs bathroom. Elvis had suffered a heart attack on the toilet and died at just 42. Tragically, his daughter suffered a cardiac arrest yesterday and followed her father at 54. Tributes have been pouring in for Lisa Marie over the last 24 hours, including from Ginger herself. Ginger posted on her official Facebook page: “It's not always easy knowing all/what to say in moments sometimes but here goes. As many of us share with extremely saddened hearts today the passing of Elvis's daughter, I wanted to reflect. My time with Lisa Marie was unique for me and special. I grew to care deeply for her and felt the same from her. We didn't have years together but it was quality time spent for sure when she visited Elvis and me at Graceland as a young child in ’77 and was able to join us on some tours and visit with me at my family home. I will always remember riding in the golf cart with Lisa at her father's home, something she loved so very much and taking her to good ol’ McDonalds’ for a burger.” Ginger said of their trips to the local theme park, which The King would book out for private sessions: “We went to Libertyland, rode rides, something we all loved to do. I understood her feelings and appreciated notes she wrote to me.” She also shared a memory from the private upstairs of the Graceland mansion, when Lisa visited her and Elvis in his bedroom. The space remains off-limits on tours to this day, but The King’s daughter had her own personal key and admitted before she died that her father’s sanctuary felt like the safest place in the world to her. READ MORE: Elvis star Tom Hanks and wife 'broken' after Lisa Marie Presley dies Ginger added: “I remember Lisa coming into Elvis's bedroom one evening, sitting on his bed and as she stared at the television, he tapped me silently behind her, ‘She has the same look in her eyes as me’, he said. That look is not far away from her father's now. I truly wish we could have spoken later in life as I am sure she had many questions. May you rest in peace Lisa. You were loved and will be deeply missed.” Linda Thompson, Elvis’ live-in girlfriend from 1972-6 has also posted a tribute to Lisa Marie, who she helped raise at Graceland. In response to the death of The King's daughter, Linda posted a picture of Elvis with her as a little girl and simply wrote: “My heart is too heavy for words…” DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley and Elvis movie star celebrate King’s birthday [ELVIS BIRTHDAY]Elvis fans heartbroken for Lisa Marie as she honours King's birthday [LISA MARIE]Elvis ex 'erased' from biopic shares photos with King on his birthday [LINDA THOMPSON] Lisa Marie leaves behind her mother Priscilla Presley, 77, and three daughters. They are Riley Keough, 33 and 13-year-old twins Harper and Finley. The trio of Elvis’ grandchildren will inherit Graceland and Elvis’ possessions now that their mother has died. Their brother Benjamin Keough, who died at 27 in 2020, is buried by his grandfather in the Memphis mansion’s Meditation Garden. Lisa Marie said long before she died that there’s a space for her final resting place there too. This could be next to her grandmother Minnie Mae, or potentially her son.