Jeremy Clarkson has been in the media spotlight for more than a month now after his controversial column on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. As a result, the former Top Gear presenter's shows are being axed but with season three of Clarkson's Farm and more Grand Tour episodes already in the works, he won't be taken off air until 2024. This hasn't been the only difficulty Clarkson has faced over the past 12 months either with more challenges on the farm itself. Clarkson's Farm first made its way to Amazon Prime Video in 2021 with Clarkson giving subscribers an insight into his new life on Diddly Squat Farm. The show was a surprise success with fans loving to see Clarkson figure out how to run a farm with help from his co-stars including Kaleb, Jeremy and Lisa. After a two-year wait, Clarkson's Farm is back with a new set of problems that the 62-year-old comes up against. One new challenge he decided to take on was introducing cows to his farm but soon discovered it wouldn't be that simple. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Clarkson's Farm season two sees the host purchase a herd of cows for Diddly Squat Farm but it isn't too long before he regrets his decision. Recalling the disaster he faced, Clarkson explained: "I don’t know anything about cow farming. Literally nothing at all. I wanted to get Friesians, and apparently, they’re used to make milk. "I didn’t know. I didn’t know anything. I ended up with a fleet of shorthorn cows. Everyone nods and says, 'Oh, they’re good.' I don’t know why. It’s been a year of total disasters on the cow front. "Absolute disasters, because I didn’t know anything, I shouldn’t have had cows. It was a mad thing to have got." Bar Clarkson's lack of knowledge of cow farming, his cattle soon comes up against the threat of TB thanks to infected badgers. "That was one of the most difficult areas to cover because the badger is much-loved by most people in the country," he said. "In fact, the only people who absolutely hate badgers are farmers and people who work in the countryside. "We thought, 'What do we do?' because if you want to make a popular show you have to say, 'Oh, look at the little cuddly-wuddly badgers.' "But I thought: no, it’s a farming show, and you’d lose your core audience, the farmers, if you went around, saying, 'Look at these sweet little animals.' DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [HEALTH]Jeremy Clarkson saved farmer from 'going under' with Diddly Squat shop [EXPLAINER]Jeremy Clarkson’s return to Who Wants to be a Millionaire confirmed [UPDATE] Clarkson added: "So, I actually called them b******s and showed people what they actually do. It’s truthful. These are not nice animals." Season two of Clarkson's Farm is going to consist of eight episodes like the first series. Similarly, the entire box set is expected to come out in one go for fans to binge watch. Of course, this will be the beginning of the end with one more season left to air after series two. Filming for season three started in October last year and is believed to have already been wrapped up. So far, a return date for the docu-series hasn't been announced by Prime Video. However, it is thought that Clarkson's Farm is going to make one final comeback later this year. Clarkson's Farm season 2 will premiere on Friday, February 10, on Amazon Prime Video.