Prince Harry, 38, and Meghan Markle, 41, have enraged Caprice, who blasted in a recent podcast that she feels the only way the pair can remain "relevant" in the USA is to "rat on Harry's family". The 51-year-old Vogue cover model argued that they are playing the victim instead of being "appreciative". The star, once named the sexiest woman in the world, didn't hold back when she candidly chatted to Ellie McKay for her On a Mission podcast. "The whole Harry and Meghan thing - argh, I just want to vomit!" she exclaimed. "'I didn't have a blessed upbringing' - don't play the whole victim thing!" Caprice continued to fume. "Get your finger out of your backside mate, you know? Be appreciative." READ NOW: Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island She then asked why the Spare author "keeps harping on about the negatives" instead of focusing on plus points and acknowledging his privilege. She lamented that he had "the power to really make a significant difference and change in the world" but that if he didn't "practise what [he preaches]", then he would lose it. Meanwhile, in a blow to Harry, Caprice - who admits she is a royalist - insisted that key working members of Britain's "most powerful family" weren't simply "walking around with their royal tiaras". Praising King Charles, Harry's brother William and his wife Kate Middleton, she added: "[They] are really trying to create a significant change with climate and health awareness." In contrast, detractors have argued that Harry and Meghan are "hypocritical" for preaching climate change yet travelling in private jets. Yet Harry previously defended that the decision to use carbon-guzzling jets was necessary for his personal security as a high profile figure. Caprice made it clear where her loyalties lie when she declared his estranged father "amazing". She also cautioned Harry based on her own personal experience of living in LA that he would soon find the celebrity circuit "soulless". DON'T MISS... Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer [LATEST] Piers Morgan 'should be banned from the internet', claims Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE] Only Fools and Horses' David Jason's struggle shared by Sue Holderness [INTERVIEW]  "The only way he can make money or be relevant [in the USA] is ratting on his family, which is absolutely vile and disgusting," she shuddered to OK! Magazine. She warned that although she "loved" LA initially, she soon became disillusioned with the "superficial" lifestyle. "My soul was being eaten alive because it's soulless," she insisted. As polls show that support for Harry and Meghan is starting to dwindle in the USA, Caprice asserted that the pair will get "sick of" living there soon. The Dancing on Ice star also voiced her point of view that he would miss his family after "karma hit". It is as yet unknown whether Harry will join the rest of his family at King Charles' coronation later in the year. In an ITV interview to promote his tell-all book about the tribulations of his life as a royal, he said that anything could happen between now and May, when the much-awaited event takes place. It has been rumoured that Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, has been asked to negotiate a deal allowing him to attend. One Twitter user, @SussexHenryVIII, claimed: "One of two sons missing isn't great at the ceremonial start of your reign!"