Netflix’s continuation of the smash hit Vikings drama hasn’t been quite as successful as the original History series, which wrapped up in 2020 on Amazon Prime Video. Fans were hoping the second season could get the franchise back on track, but this year’s outing has been hit with even more backlash thanks to the adventures of Freydis Eriksdotter (played by Frida Gustavsson). Freydis’ storyline in the latest episodes of Vikings: Valhalla has been slammed as a low point for Netflix’s medieval drama. At the end of the first instalment, the shieldmaiden had begun a relationship with Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) despite their religious differences. However, season two kicks off when Freydis decides to leave behind her partner and her brother Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett). Knowing Harald’s goal to become the King of Norway, Freydis kept her pregnancy hidden and travels to Jomsborg to declare a new Uppsala. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession While her story still featured plenty of thrilling moments, some viewers clearly thought her scenes took away from Harald and Leif’s main quest. Several fans took to online forums to complain about the series, which they felt has been a huge step down from the original Vikings so far. Reddit user jonsnowKITN called Freydis’ arc the “weakest and most boring storyline” of season two. “I just don't care about her and the fact they keep bringing up the keeper of the fate thing is so annoying and pointless,” they continued. “Her fight with Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) was comically bad and the pacing was just off. “I get this show is the end of the Viking age but man I wish we spent less time on her. The actress doesn't do any favours either.” StabigailKillems replied: “I actually really enjoy the actress who plays Freydis but I have been wildly confused about her storyline this season. “I can't tell if I'm missing something or if it's just bad writing.” DON'T MISS:The Rig fans distracted by ‘terrible’ accent [BACKLASH]Outlander season 7 update confirms fan-favourite return [LATEST]Thandiwe Newton’s daughter on The Last of Us pressure [INTERVIEW] Intafadah added: “There were so many moments in the show that were so poorly written. “One especially horrible noteworthy moment was when Freydis comes back to the town for revenge and screams ‘I’m not leaving without my son!’ “However the scene before that she literally rolled out of the back of that bin and left her son behind! This season was an absolute fail on so many levels.” Kingjavik said: “I liked Freydis in season one but this season her storyline is not great.” “Her chemistry with Harald felt off and even the acting feels worse than before. Separating her from Harald and Leif was not a great choice in my opinion.” “She annoys me and seems to have the same ending every season,” InteractionNo9 added. “She fights the big bad wolf. And repeat.” Although Led_Zed argued: “I really enjoy Freydis' arc and most of her faith-related scenes are actually quite moving in a sense that it makes me think about my own faith.” Season two has definitely been a mixed bag for the Vikings franchise, but, hopefully, the already confirmed third outing can win back some of the fans’ goodwill. Vikings: Valhalla seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.