A collision on the M25 has sparked huge delays with drivers expected to be sitting in an hour of traffic. The incident occurred anti-clockwise on the M25 between J6 (Godstone) and J5 (M26). Three out of four lanes on the busy motorway have been closed while emergency services work. According to National Highways, lanes 2, 3 and 4 (of 4) will remain closed until recovery takes place. Road users have been advised to seek alternative routes if possible. The organisation also advised drivers to plan their journeys in advance and to allow extra time. In a press release, National Highways warned: “There are 4 miles of congestion on approach causing delays of 60 mins above normal travel time.” “Further information is available from National Highways by visiting our www.trafficengland.com website and travel apps, or via our regional twitter feed. “Our 24/7 contact centre team is also available to provide up to the minute information on 0300 123 5000.” In an update posted around 7pm, National Highways South East, wrote on Twitter: “Traffic is being held on the #M25 anti-clock between J6 and J5 so vehicles involved in the earlier collision can be moved into lane 1. “Following this lanes 2,3 and 4 will be open and lane 1 closed for recovery. There are currently delays of 75 mins above normal travel time.” READ MORE: Mick Lynch calls for coordinated strike in major dispute escalation  Elsewhere on the motorway, a huge five-car breakdown saw the stretch of motorway in north London experience 11 mile queues of traffic. The incident occurred clockwise between J25 (Enfield) and J23 for South Mimms with lanes now having reopened. According to traffic website Inrix: “Long delays and queueing traffic due to earlier multi-vehicle incident on M25 clockwise after J25 A10 Great Cambridge Road (Enfield). “Congestion to J23 (South Mimms / Bignell Corner). Travel time is 30 minutes. All lanes have been re-opened.” DON'T MISS: Starmer nearly doubles lead over Sunak in best PM tracker poll [POLL]Rishi Sunak urged to recall Parliament to ‘sort out mess’ of NHS [INSIGHT]Sunak refuses to rule out firing striking NHS workers in new crackdown [SPOTLIGHT] Regarding the same incident National highways East tweeted: “Lane 1 (of 4) is closed on the #M25 clockwise between J25 #Enfield and J26 #WalthamAbbey due to a multi vehicle incident. “Traffic Officers and recovery are on scene. “There are 8 miles of congestion on approach causing delays of 30 mins above normal travel time.”