Leeds United are on the verge of completing an eye-catching deal to sign Hoffenheim youngster Georginio Rutter, according to reports. The Whites are thought to be putting the finishing touches on their second transfer of the window this evening with Rutter's medical scheduled in the next 48 hours. Leeds have already struck once this month with sporting director Victor Orta moving to sign Max Wober from RB Salzburg. Comfortable at left-back or centre-back, the Austrian international should help to solve manager Jesse Marsch's defensive issues after a rocky start to the season. Goals haven't been a problem at Elland Road this term with 25 scored in 17 Premier League games, including 10 from in-form striker Rodrigo, but that hasn't stopped Leeds from pursuing a blockbuster deal for Rutter. Sky Germany claim that a transfer package of up to £35million has now been 'confirmed' and Hoffenheim are poised to green-light the player's move to the Premier League. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo The final details of the switch, including paperwork formalities and finishing talks, are expected to be completed on Monday evening with Rutter set to be put through a medical in the next 48 hours. The French youngster would likely be Masrch's marquee signing of the January window as he looks to fight his way clear of relegation danger. Leeds finished narrowly clear of the drop zone last campaign thanks to a final-day victory over Brentford. Star player Raphinha joined Barcelona in the summer and although the money was reinvested in the transfer market, injuries have forced the club's hand in seeking reinforcements. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand Summer signing Luis Sinisterra has only started six Premier League games this season with just four starts to Patrick Bamford's name, suggesting to Marsch that his side would be well-served to bring in high-quality back-up. Rutter certainly falls into that category and could slot straight into the starting XI, even if Rodrigo's fine form forces him out wide. The 20-year-old can play through the middle or on the flanks with shades of Bayern Munich star Serge Gnabry to his attacking play. Rutter came through the ranks at Rennes before joining Hoffenheim in 2021 and he is capped up to France U21 level. Recent signings have already revamped Leeds' forward line with Brenden Aaronson and Wilfried Gnonto both making strong impressions this season. The Whites scored in second-half stoppage time against Cardiff City on Sunday to force an FA Cup third-round replay. The Premier League has not been overly kind to Marsch and co with no wins in their last four matches. Leeds are currently two points clear of the relegation zone as the season approaches its halfway mark.