Indeed it kicked off even more distastefully than usual with both sides seeking to make political capital from the awful death of Zara Aleena, the 29-year-old who was stalked and murdered by sexual predator Jordan McSweeney just days after he was released early from prison by a probation service clearly unfit for purpose. Zara's death is a dreadful, terrible thing which requires swift and serious corrective action to our probation system, but for the Leader of the Opposition to weaponise it - even in earnest - felt ugly. "In light of the case of Zara I don't think the Prime Minister should be boasting about the protection he is putting in place for women, and I'm not going to take any lectures from him about that," said Sir Keir, shamefully making it all about him. It was an odd and ill-judged issue to open what should have been a coconut shy session for Labour given the week the Tories have had. Indeed we were a full 10 minutes in before we got to the man of the moment Nadhim Zahawi- pointedly nowhere to be seen at PMQs. I have to confess when I read the papers this morning I was slightly disappointed our sister publication the Daily Star hadn't slapped a lamb chop with a sell by date on its front page - in the style of the now legendary Liz Truss lettuce. Because surely Nadhim Zahawi is indeed facing the chop any day now. And my money would be on the longevity of the lamb chop over the minister without portfolio. (NB to my friends at the Star, you can have that one for free.) "Does the Prime Minister agree," Sir Keir finally got around to saying, "that any politician who seeks to avoid the taxes they owe in this country is not fit to be in charge of tax-payer money?" No names, no pack drill, but the cheers from the Labour benches left no-one in any doubt which currently troubled member for Stratford-on-Avon we were talking about. What Zahawi needed was the PM to get right behind him - and he duly did. About 1,000 miles behind him actually. It would be hard to see how Rishi could have distanced himself further from his troubled minister, rambling not only about due process but actually boasting he could have sacked him already. Mr Zahawi is surely toast, in days if not hours (another Daily Star comedy front page right there too surely). Because of course what the YouGov millionaire's "careless not deliberate" tax troubles do is bring the spotlight back to Rishi's own messy tax issues vis-a-vis the non-dom status of his wife (now corrected) which his PR people had long thought forgotten. It also gave Starmer another reason to fire his favourite barb, that the Prime Minister is weak. "That he has failed to sack him," the Leader of the Opposition almost thundered, or more accurately muttered in that disappointed teacher manner he does so well, "when the whole country could see what was going on shows how weak he is". He followed up with a wonderfully passive aggressive: "Is he starting to wonder if this job is just a bit too big for him?" That one hit home. Sunak looked like he was trying to smile while sucking an entire bag of Haribo sours. Of course as we were all smiling wryly, tutting loudly and nodding knowingly as our betters in Parliament went through their weekly Punch and Judy show it oddly fell to Dr Liam Fox to bring some perspective. He brought up the issue of Ukraine's desperate bid for tanks, reminding us that if the experts are right, we are about to enter a real war in Europe of the kind not seen since 1945. Almost simultaneously, in Berlin, Chancellor Olaf Scholz was formally announcing German tanks - lots of them - were being sent to Ukraine. We are involved in this war and we will become more involved. And, very soon, events in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing will make the tax status of a probably soon-to be ex-minister (shocking as they are) feel very unimportant indeed.