Then, just occasionally, one of these PR things comes along and you think "blimey, that's a good idea, why aren't we doing this?". But a bit of context first. Britain's NHS is palpably in crisis right now. But, I have been a hack for more than three decades and I cannot remember a single moment the NHS has not been in crisis. And if a crisis is 30 years long it's not really a crisis is it? It's business as usual. Which is pretty much a scandalous admission of abject - and continued - failure. I started writing stories about the NHS in the late 1980s and I really cannot remember ever penning the headline: "NHS perfectly fine - no more money wanted." Nope, you can add it to Ben Franklin's ubiquitous one-liner about the only certainties in life - death, taxes and the NHS in crisis. But wait, I hear you cry, this year the NHS is in REAL crisis. It's in super-crisis, mega-crisis, the worst crisis since crises began. Which, of course, is also what I have been writing for 30 years. And it's all just staggeringly predictable. The problem is we all know somebody nice in the NHS and we confuse being appalled at the organisation with being appalled with our nice friends. So, like Mogadon-dosed lemmings, we continue to trot out the mantra that the NHS is the envy of the world and simply dare not criticise a hair on its imbecilically-run head.  And the further problem with this of course is it makes us utterly blasé to unnecessary death on a massive scale (500-a week is the current estimate - that's 500 real-life grannies, grandads, mums and dads dying in 21st century Britain because our health service isn't up to treating them). It makes us inured to waste, to ineptitude and incompetence and makes us cravenly accepting of a second-rate service. There, I said it: second-rate service. Sacred cow killed. For the money, and we pay a lot, the NHS really isn't all that. My sister-in-law was over from Spain recently and we, unfortunately, had occasion to visit a Victorian-era hospital in the north. She was properly flabbergasted. She was used to the clean, modern hospitals of Madrid and simply could not believe how ancient and decrepit the NHS kit was and how no one seemed to know what was going on one day to the next. To me, of course, it was just another day in the NHS - six-hour wait, sent home, returned for an eight-hour wait, finally treated. And what do the apologists for this organisational shambles blame? Lack of cash of course. Criminal underfunding - largely by those nasty Tories but to be fair by Tony Blair etc too. But it's not is it? Never was really.  The NHS budget roughly matches the entire national GDP of a medium-sized nation like Hungary or Morocco. It is a nation within a nation. It's not the pile of money that is the problem, it's the way the pile of money is spent; it's just plain old poor management. It's time to look properly at the post-war NHS model we have cherished - a model genuinely from another age - and admit it needs root and branch overhaul to re-shape it as fit for purpose in the 21st century. And some of Bevan's holy writ will have to be torn up - or at least seriously re-written. (No one in Britain needs a £4.50 prescription for a 28p box of paracetamol. No-one. Yet we spent £100 million on exactly that last year.) My friend, who has worked as a nurse, said: "The NHS is like a fat man who insists the reason he is out of shape, has type 2 diabetes and can't walk upstairs without panting is because he doesn't earn enough money rather than the more obvious reasons that he is lazy, greedy and has no desire to change." Ouch. And, happily, it is this lack of desire to change which brings me to where I came in and that interesting PR hustle. Most experts seem to agree beds, or lack of them, is the key problem facing the NHS in this current crisis.  A&E departments are overwhelmed, spawning horror stories of 99-hour waits on a gurney or children being treated in public waiting rooms, and this is largely because about 13,000 beds are currently taken up by older people who should be in care homes or, even better, being self-sufficient at home (or at least looked after by their families). That's 13,000 unnecessary patients costing £5,500,000 A DAY. And the poor people in these beds are stopping patients in A&E from getting transferred to wards and stopping people on ambulances from being discharged into A&E. And most of them absolutely don’t want to be sitting in hospital. In many cases, it actually impedes their recovery. It’s the worst of all worlds. But the hospitals dare not discharge them because there are simply not the numbers of care workers to cope in the traditional way. Which is where the little gizmo - and I'm sure many alternative gizmos just like it, before you think I'm on a percentage - being pushed by the PR person seems like a total no-brainer. A £100 device (called an Oysta Pearl+ if you must know), was used as part of a pilot scheme in Camden, London. It's basically an advanced monitor and communicator - it can sense if a patient has a fall for example and immediately alert a team of carers to hot-tail it to the address.  Now, so far 200 Camden patients, who would normally be "bed blocking", have been freed to spend time at home or with family... or pretty much wherever they want, just not on a ward. So, the technology exists already to ease this "worst NHS crisis for 50 years". Labour councillor Anna Wright - who is also a governor of the Royal Free - is a fan. She said: "“These Help at Home devices have allowed people to return to their own homes faster." So if new-tech devices like this are good enough for Camden and Cllr Anna why aren't they being rushed into service at Covid-crisis speed to end the bed-blocking? Because all change requires that someone put their head above the parapet. Change needs courage and it entails risk. And these are all qualities which have seemed notably absent from the greater NHS for pretty much my entire working life. In a high-profile speech this week Rishi Sunak pledged to the nation: "NHS waiting lists will fall and people will get the care they need more quickly." Only if you and your NHS bosses have the courage to grasp the nettle of change Rishi. 