The rumours were true! Samsung has now officially confirmed that its next big Galaxy Unpacked event will take place on February 1 and it's fully expected that the global event will showcase the new S23 and S23 Ultra range. Announcing the news on its website, Samsung said, "A new era of Galaxy innovation is coming. Our innovations are designed to enable incredible possibilities for people today and beyond. The new Galaxy S series will be the epitome of how we define the ultimate premium experience. We’re raising the bar and setting new standards for what’s epic." Along with the post, an image has also been revealed that shows three round spotlights shining bright which could suggest that the S23 is set to get a major triple-lens camera upgrade with improved video capture. Of course, full details will be revealed at an online event on February 1 but, along with that camera boost we do have some other ideas about what might be included. One of the biggest hints yet is that all versions of the Galaxy S23 will be powered by the latest Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 from Qualcomm. Although this has not been officially confirmed by Samsung, Qualcomm boss Christiano Amon recently teased during an investors call that, "In handsets, we entered into a new multiyear agreement with Samsung, expanding the use of Snapdragon platforms for future premium Samsung Galaxy products globally. "We expect in the March quarter also to see the benefit of our increased share of Samsung." Those comments were backed up by Qualcomm's Chief Financial Officer, Akash Palkhiwala, who added that the firm's share of chips from Samsung's Galaxy S22 will rise from 75 percent to 100 percent with the launch of the S23. If the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 does feature, it will not only make things a lot faster but could also mean that the S23 might be able to send texts to space with this chip now fully capable of emergency messaging via satellites. That's an upgrade Apple users have been able to enjoy on their new iPhone 14s for a while and it's likely that Samsung will want to battle back against its biggest rival. Other upgrades that are rumoured include a boost to battery life along with a brighter screen and faster charging plus we can expect a refreshed design and new colours to choose from. Express.co.uk will be bringing you all the news live from Galaxy Unpacked on February 1 so watch this space if you want to know more.