Chelsea manager Graham Potter has given supporters something to cling to by claiming that new signing Mykhaylo Mudryk could be involved against Liverpool on Saturday. The Ukrainian recently signed in a bumper £88million deal from Shakhtar Donetsk and the 'exciting' talent could be thrown straight in at the deep end against the Reds. Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly completed an audacious transfer hijack last weekend by stealing Mudryk from under Arsenal's noses. According to Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna, the 22-year-old is already one of the best wingers on the planet and fans will be desperate to see him in action. They may not have much longer to wait as a Premier League heavyweight clash between Chelsea and Liverpool is scheduled for Saturday lunchtime. Mudryk hasn't played a competitive match since November but Potter claims that the new recruit is training positively and excited to get started. "He hasn't played so much football recently but has been training well," Potter told reporters. "There's a chance [he could make his debut against Liverpool]. We've got to help everybody understand that he is coming from a different league and has to adapt. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss  "He is a young player that has a lot of potential but he has had good experiences already. He is an exciting player. He's very happy to be here. He is looking forward to his career here and looking forward to getting started." Potter's claim that Mudryk is in good spirits may come as a relief to some Blues supporters, given that the winger previously dropped several social media hints that his preferred destination was Arsenal. The Gunners were gazumped in negotiations for the youngster by offering less preferable payment terms to Shakhtar and initially failing to contact the Ukrainian side before proceeding with talks. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo sparks boos after withdrawing from All-Star XI vs PSG matchChelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downChelsea face £13.5m bill to release Bakayoko as club 'ready' for exit Chelsea are expected to announce the signing of outgoing PSV Eindhoven star Noni Madueke imminently, but Potter refused to provide any further detail on the move. The former Brighton boss also revealed that the Blues are unlikely to bring in many more players before the end of the month following a second successive transfer window blowout. Liverpool and the Blues are both struggling Premier League heavyweights with Jurgen Klopp's side in ninth and Chelsea one place behind. Saturday's game is therefore a crucial one and Potter was in positive spirits with several key players soon to return from injury, and he provided updates on Reece James, Ben Chilwell and Ruben Loftus-Cheek. "We've been through a really tough time but are still together as a club," he continued. "That is very positive. There are things to look forward to in terms of players coming back from injury. "The understanding we have together has improved because of the time we've had. We just have to focus on the next game. Ruben was on the bench in the last match but he's a lot closer now. Reece has joined team training but won't be involved at the weekend. Same for Ben Chilwell."