The Metropolitan Police has opened a major review to investigate more than 1,600 cases of alleged domestic violence or sexual offences involving police officers and staff. The probe comes following revelations about PC David Carrick, who has confessed to 49 charges of sexual offences, including 24 rapes, over an 18-year period, making him one of Britain's worst sex offenders. The Met are now preparing to review 1,633 cases involving 1,071 officers and staff. Scotland Yard confirmed officers whose cases are under review will remain on duty without restrictions while the reviews take place. A Met spokesman said: "In the event that information was to emerge from a review that raised concerns then an officer or member of staff's status would be reconsidered without delay. "All new allegations against officers and staff are subject to robust risk management including restrictions and suspension where appropriate." No10 described Carrick's offences as "appalling" and called on all forces to identify and handle any officers guilty of sexual offences "to restore the public's trust which has been shattered". Sir Mark Rowley, the Met Police Commissioner who last year replaced Dame Cressida Dick following a string of scandals involving officers, said the force had "failed". Carrick, who was known to colleagues as "B*****d Dave", should “not have been a police officer", Sir Mark also said. Sir Mark had previously expressed concern the Met was riddled with hundreds of corrupt officers who needed to be removed. Carrick, it has emerged, came to the attention of the Met over nine previous incidents which included claims of rape and domestic violence. Despite this, he never faced misconduct hearings or criminal sanctions over the allegations. Carrick joined the Met from the Army in 2001, and was vetted in the same year. He was also vetted in 2017. He passed both vetting tests. The 48-year-old met his victims on online dating apps, such as Tinder, as well as during social events. Using his position as a police officer to win women's trust, the officer kept his victims locked in a cupboard under the stairs in his home in Hertfordshire. Carrick, from Stevenage, whipped one victim with a belt, urinating on others and controlling when they could eat and sleep. Carrick also controlled his victims financially and prevented them from speaking to other men and their own children. In his role in the Met's parliamentary and diplomatic command, Carrick was armed and tasked with policing parliamentary premises. He was only suspended after a second rape claim made against him in 2021.