Extraordinary has stood out amongst other superpowered fares on Disney+ thanks to sharp scripts from Emma Moran and a breakout cast, including Máiréad Tyers as Jen, one of the only people in the world without her own special ability. The series also stars comedy legend Siobhán McSweeney in her first major sitcom role since Derry Girls came to an end on Channel 4 last year. McSweeney was stunned when she received a call confirming she had landed a role in a Disney+ series. The acclaimed new comedy was also released via Hulu in the USA and has already caused a storm amongst superhero and sitcom fans alike. However, the Derry Girls star was clearly stunned when such a major streamer scouted her for a recurring role as Jen’s mother, Mary. “My agent called and said, ‘You’ve got a part’,” she recalled at the series’ London premiere. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss “And I went, ‘Oh, that’s nice. I don’t remember auditioning. Did I go to an audition drunk again?’” The actress and presenter admitted she was initially in the dark about the role as she hadn’t auditioned. However, showrunner Moran and Extraordinary’s producers were clearly fans of her work on Derry Girls and already had her in mind for the role. “He was like, ‘I don’t know, Siobhán. I don’t know what’s happened. Disney has offered you a part’,” she continued. “And we laughed for 20 minutes. We literally laughed for 20 minutes and he went, ‘I’m so confused. I don’t know what’s happening.’ “And I went, ‘Well, I have no f*****g idea either! I certainly don’t know’. But I said, ‘I suppose we’ll do it.’” While Jen is still struggling to find her power, her mother Mary has the ability to control technology with a simple gesture. Meanwhile, her younger daughter Andy (Safia Oakley-Green) discovers she has the power of super-strength on her 18th birthday, much to Jen’s frustration. DON'T MISS:Power Book 2 stars spark frenzy with season 4 first-look [LATEST]The Bachelor hits back after being branded ‘boring’ by fans [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan announces new project with Graham McTavish [VIDEO] While the show’s disgruntled protagonist still hasn’t developed any abilities by the end of season one, Extraordinary has already been renewed for a second season to give her another chance at finding herself. At the show’s launch in January, McSweeney was clearly pleased with the news and begged the producers “don’t fire me” ahead of the follow-up. Thankfully, the actress had nothing but high praise for the series and seemed more than willing to reprise her role in season two and beyond. “I remember reading the scripts and going, ‘I can’t believe how rich the world is. How accomplished it is,'” she said. “The idea of the superpowers was almost incidental to the storyline on it.” “And they were, I’ve said this loads of times, the funniest scripts, genuinely, I’ve read since Derry Girls.” Sadly, Derry Girls has since come to an end, but fans of the iconic Irish sitcom can rest assured McSweeney has plenty more projects in the pipeline. Extraordinary season 1 is available to stream on Disney+.