CBS’ long-running drama NCIS saw the recent return of Special Agent Dale Swayer (played by Zane Holtz) who desperately needed Torres’ (Wilmer Valderrama) help. Although the two initially butted heads, they eventually formed a close bond, which long-serving star-turned-director Rocky Carroll hinted could be the future of a new friendship.   Big Rig saw the NCIS team work together on an impromptu undercover mission following Sawyer’s mysterious disappearance. He had crossed major lines after informing Torres about his undercover op and although they were frenemies, Torres burst into action after Sawyer went missing. For this episode, Leon Vance star Carroll was behind the cameras and led the cast as director. Speaking on the storyline he shared: “Every once in a while, we get to really see the humanity of these characters. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star    “Torres has been dealing with and really coming to terms with his own issues, facing his demons and confronting them.” Carroll noted: “And he begins to form a very unexpected bond with another person.” As Torres had experience working undercover, Sawyer went to him for advice as he began to crack under the pressure of living as two different people. Although Torres offered him a way out, Sawyer revealed the case would collapse without him and mentioned the trains had been keeping him up at night.   The team got a call about a dead body found at the apartments where Sawyer had been staying for the mission. After seeing the torched corpse in the burnt car, Torres worried the body could belong to Sawyer and began feeling guilty as he had turned down the task. After medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) had a look, he revealed it was Greg Parlamis, an agent who worked undercover with Sawyer. Much to Torres’ relief the two eventually reunited after he took on the case and pulled Sawyer out of the undercover op. DON'T MISS...Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [INSIGHT]NCIS 20 delayed: CBS drama set for hiatus [INSIGHT] NCIS Los Angeles season 14 finale release date is fast approaching [INSIGHT]  Detailing Torres’ new friendship, Carroll continued: “Instead of being this lone wolf, you really see him starting to really connect and take stock in what he has.” Reflecting on the episode, he highlighted: “We get a visit from Zane Holtz, who has appeared in several episodes before as Agent Sawyer, but I don’t know if audiences know that he and Wilmer have worked together on other projects, so they are old and good friends. “And because of that real-life connection, I didn’t have to manufacture any chemistry between the two. “It was a director’s dream because they’ve been buddies for a long time, and it shows on-screen,” Carroll added to TVLine.  With a new bromance for Torres, fans made calls to see more of Sawyer who brought out a light-hearted side of the troubled agent. Torres had been deep in work, focusing on his sobriety and dealing with the hurt that came from Ellie Bishop’s (Emily Wickersham) exit. He was also particularly hurt after Gibbs’ (Mark Harmon) departure, as he left for Alaska without saying goodbye. With Sawyer’s repeated return to the NCIS team and his newfound bond with Torres, fans could see a new dynamic for the two characters. NCIS season 20 returns to CBS in the USA on Monday, February 6 and continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 