Mould is unsightly and destructive, and if left unattended it may cause irreversible loss to decorations, furnishings and fabrics, as well as compromising air quality. Living with mould can be unhealthy and potentially lead to health issues especially in the vulnerable. With this in mind, Dave Johnson, Head of Technical at The Underfloor Heating Store, has shared how to keep mould at bay this winter - one way being through the temperature of your home. The heating expert said: “Damp is often the precursor for mould in the house and is often the result of excess air condensation in the winter. “Mould in the home can cause a number of problems and pose a large risk to our health. In most cases, this can be easily removed by homeowners but too much mould may require professional attention.” Amid rising energy bills and colder temperatures, it may seem harder to keep mould at bay. However, David noted that one of the “most effective preventative measures” is constant heating and ventilation. So what temperature should a house be to avoid mould? The expert said: “We recommend always keeping your home temperature above 14C. READ MORE: Five ‘easy’ methods to prevent condensation, dampness and mould “We recommend that rooms with typically colder features such as tiles should be kept at slightly higher temperatures (roughly 2C higher).” This trick also helps to slash energy bills, as it helps your home stay at a more manageable temperature rather than going between being too hot and too cold. Unfortunately, winter is a “prime time” for mould to infest homes because householders unintentionally obstruct the necessary ventilation by keeping windows and doors closed more often to stay warm. This then causes an increase in condensation which later facilitates mould growth. David suggested: “When comfortable to do so, we recommend opening windows and other outlets for short periods of time in order to assist the ventilation process. DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [COMMENT] “Kitchens and bathrooms, typically, are at the greatest risk of mould infestation due to the high amount of steam and moisture produced in both. “When using either of these rooms, it is wise to also confine the produced moisture to this site (leaving doors open will allow the moisture to travel into different rooms, which will cause more issues in sites that are typically safe and dry). “We also recommend introducing dehumidifiers into sites that often fall victim to excess moisture. “It is also incredibly important to carry out frequent checks for potential damp spots (often at the base or behind appliances) as any leaks or cracks can bring excess moisture into your home unknowingly. READ MORE: Strip towels of ‘unpleasant’ smells with ‘effective’ kitchen staple “We also recommend clearing any airing cupboards and tight spaces of clutter as this can also obstruct ventilation, too.” Identifying mould isn’t as simple as it may seem. While black, green or blue patches do indicate mould, there are other “key signs” of mould growth that are more subtle. A musty odour emitting from walls or floors is a key sign mould is growing. This unpleasant odour can easily be combated with a home remedy of distilled white vinegar spray, followed by soaking the site in hot water and baking soda. White vinegar is a mildly acidic product that cleans, deodorises, and disinfects. It can also kill 82 percent of mould species, including black mould, on porous and non-porous surfaces. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea From absorbing odours in the fridge to relieving heartburn, baking soda has many uses around the house — including black mould removal. It’s safe for your family and pets, and it not only kills black mould, but it also absorbs moisture that attracts mould. Another key sign is fluffy or wet-feeling fibres on soft furnishings and clothing. Tackle this issue by immediately washing all affected items and working to improve ventilation. The heating expert added: “Overall, ventilation is the most cost-effective option for mould prevention ahead of the approaching cold season. “Following this advice, with frequent checks of any potential damp spots, and the occasional home remedy - your home should survive the winter season!”