The parents of Natalie McNally worry that her killers may have fled Northern Ireland. She was 15 weeks pregnant when she was stabbed on December 18.  Her mother Bernie told Sky News: “All her presents we had for her, all wrapped up, they're all upstairs and you look at them, it's heart-breaking. "This was an innocent girl and her baby's life and I have to think God, in her last few minutes, was she pleading for her life? Was she pleading for her baby's life? "This all comes into your head. “What were her last few minutes like?"   Her father Noel says women in the community "must be terrified that there's a monster still out on the streets" but that it's possible the killer has fled the jurisdiction. Noel McNally said: "Somebody's bound to know the killer and if you kill somebody that way, you can't just go home and act normally. "If they could just find it in their heart to give up loyalty and just go straight to the police. "You can't be loyal to someone that has done this to a wee girl because he could do it to someone else and you wouldn't want that." READ MORE: Murder trial hears teen 'kicked victim's head like a football'  On Thursday, police said they believed they had recovered the weapon used in her murder and that it came from her home. Investigating officers believe she knew her killer, that they had a pre-existing relationship and that she was comfortable allowing him into her home. Police also believe it was a targeted attack towards Mrs McNally. Det Ch Insp Neil McGuinness said he was "keeping an open mind" as to whether it was a planned attack or something that developed when the killer arrived at Ms McNally's home. DON'T MISS:Buffalo Bills head coach offers ‘glory to god’ in first public comment [SPOTLIGHT]Harry 'wanted his face to be the first thing Lilibet saw'  [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as over 20 Russian diplomats and spies defected  [INSIGHT] "I don't believe Natalie's door was locked," he added. "I believe the killer entered her home as soon as he walked up to her door." Police previously released CCTV footage of a suspect near Ms McNally's home on the night she died and continue to appeal to the public for help identifying the man in the footage. 