Liverpool may be about to sign a new Adam Lallana for Jurgen Klopp as the Reds look to rebuild their midfield this summer. Matheus Nunes and Jude Bellingham are top targets, but emerging as another intriguing option is Chelsea's Mason Mount, who could be the perfect left-sided No 8 for Klopp in Liverpool's 4-3-3 system. The Merseyside outfit are tracking the England international with the view to a potential summer move, per the Guardian. Mount's contract expires in 18 months' time and the Blues and the player are currently some distance apart in discussions about his wages. Chelsea - having spent over £400million in the past 12 months - will be looking to offload players to balance the books. Mount is one who Graham Potter would much prefer to keep and the Londoners remain hopeful of reaching an agreement for their academy product. But the £75,000-a-week No 10 wants to feel better valued at Stamford Bridge which could open the door to an exit unless Chelsea up their wage offer. If they do not satisfy the player, Liverpool could swoop, and in doing so land themselves with a midfielder of immense potential. Mount would be capable of being the pressing trigger but also a creative attacking force from the middle, the exact kind of player that Lallana was in 2016-17. The now-Brighton midfielder was named England Player of the Year in 2016 and one of Liverpool's finest performers that season. MUST READ: Liverpool have five options to replace Salah as Chiesa tops Klopp list He produced eight goals and seven assists in 31 league matches and was pivotal in the club qualifying for the Champions League for the first time under Klopp. And the 24-year-old could most definitely be the functional yet technical talent that Lallana, 34, was. Lallana himself said last November that his compatriot is "a manager's dream" and conceded he is a huge fan. He added: "I have a soft spot for Mount because I see some similarities in how we play and what managers ask us to do." Lallana also said Mount "would improve any team in the world" and said: "That ability to give the ball to someone who is in a better position as quickly as possible — that is the essence of what the game is about. If only everyone did that." DON'T MISS...Everton exploring alternative winger signing as Spurs snatch DanjumaChelsea target Gusto 'en route' as Boehly spending set to continueMan Utd using Chelsea's own transfer tactic against them in January That Mount is homegrown would also be a huge benefit to Liverpool, who may lose as many as three such players this summer in Nat Phillips, James Milner and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. Premier League teams cannot name any more than 17 non-homegrown players in a 25-man squad. Mount would not come cheaply, though. Transfermarkt value him at £65million and even with his contract up in 2024, because the Reds are direct rivals, Chelsea may demand a fee in the region of that figure. Yet he could just be perfect for Klopp. The German could transform Mount similarly to how Gini Wijnaldum became such a utility player at Anfield, despite having arrived from Newcastle as a goalscoring attacking midfielder. If he could become as productive as Lallana was seven years ago, Mount could be a very fine signing indeed - if Liverpool can get a deal done. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE