Prince Harry will be challenged by ITV interviewer Tom Bradby in Sunday's interview about whether or not he will attend King Charles' coronation in May. An extended trailer for the interview dropped today where the Duke of Sussex said: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then.  "But the door is always open, the ball is in their court. There is a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." Harry also vehemently voiced his support for the monarchy when asked if he still believed in it, however, said "I don't know" when probed if he would take part in its future. Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about whether or not Harry was genuine in his responses to Mr Bradby's questions. She claimed: "Does Harry genuinely want to come to the coronation?  "In this clip, Harry talks and uses body language to suggest a man who intends to fight his way to any possible truce. "His head shaking and his shoulder shrugs imply he has no intention of asking or pleading to be invited. "Instead he seems to signal stubbornness and a very intense belief that he is the one totally in the right here." According to Judi, Prince Harry is asking for reconciliation but is failing to prove he means this with his body language.   She opined: "There is nothing conciliatory about his body language. "His message is more: 'They can come to me', which implies a desire to call the shots and to be the one asked or begged to go rather than the other way round." Judi suggests that Prince Harry's accusations towards "people who don't understand" come with "pompous gestures". She claimed: "The pompous gestures he uses when he talks about ‘people who don’t understand or don’t believe’ are telling in this trailer.  "His right hand performs a precision pinch gesture that he uses as an emphatic baton to show how in the right he believes he is. "He emphasises and prologues the words ‘understand’ and ‘believe’ to point out his ‘rightness.'" The Duke's "delivery", according to Judi, gives no sign of "backing down". She argued: "Looking at his delivery here it would be hard to see how he would back down at all without feeling he’s losing face.  "He might feel the power is all with him now and think that if his father and brother want him to stop and to broker a truce they will need to be the ones apologising to him. "He said the ball is in their court, which are not the words of someone happy to compromise to reach any middle ground."  Prince Harry's interview with Tom Bradby will air on Sunday on ITV One at 9pm. This will be one day before Harry's book Spare will be released to bookshelves worldwide.