Interior designer Jordan Samson has claimed one popular home design style could "officially" be heading out of fashion in the coming year. Jordan, who shares interior design tips and tricks on his TikTok page @jordansamsondesign, explained how the pandemic could make an impact on home design moving forwards. In a video posted for his audience of 69.5K followers, Jordan said: "Open concept is officially closed...well, sort of. "We are seeing a shift towards a hybrid of a semi-closed-off floor plan and I think this is a direct result of the pandemic and people wanting more privacy. Maybe you want to work at the dining table and not have to listen to the horrible TV show that your partner is watching." Open-plan living spaces have become popular in recent years, connecting the most important rooms in the home to create a large space perfect for socialising and bringing the family together. Open-concept homes also tend to be lighter and brighter, but since the pandemic, the rise of working from home means more people are beginning to use their living space for new purposes. READ MORE: Pensioners forced to tear down decking for second time in planning row According to the Office for National Statistics, the proportion of people engaging in hybrid working has risen from 13 percent in early February 2022 to 24 percent in May 2022. Workers were asked about their future plans in February 2022, after government guidance to work from home when possible was lifted in England and Scotland. More than eight in 10 workers who had to work from home during the coronavirus pandemic said they planned to hybrid work. In the same period, 14 percent of Britons were found to be working exclusively from home. Jordan's predictions have been well-received by many of his followers, with some commenters celebrating the end of open-plan layouts. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's childhood home now worth whopping £748k [PICTURES]Mum's oven cleaning tip will keep it 'cleaner for longer' [EXPLAINER]10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [COMMENT] "I hated open concept. Good riddance," wrote one video viewer Another named Magdalena added: "Here for the hybrid floor plans. Love my privacy and I get my own office in my house instead of one giant room on the first floor." Nish said: "I haaate open concept so I am thrilled about that one." [SIC] And it seems the interior designer himself is also pleased with the shift towards more closed-off floor plans. He said: "My introvert self can't handle the 'great room' concept. As well as the design concepts going out, Joran also predicted that statement stone will be on the rise, especially in kitchens and bathrooms. This bold feature is a great way to add character to a room and may even brighten up a closed-off space. "Usually [it will be] marble with heavy veining but I think we're going to see a tonne of this in 2023," said the expert. "This is just a natural response to the simple white quartz we have been seeing for a really long time. Be warned, this is a statement and it's not going to work in every style home so make sure you absolutely love it before investing." Jordan's prediction was echoed by interior designer Geri from Limerick-based Geri Designs, who shares home decor tips, tricks and insights on her TikTok page @geridesigns. She said: "Heavy veined marble, love it or hate it, I don’t see it going anywhere for the next while. I have had marble on the island in my studio for the last four years and I still love it now. So, if you are into marble now is the time to introduce it."