A royal expert has questioned Prince Harry's claims he wants a relationship with Prince William after his latest explosive allegations about his brother. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams spoke about a contrast between Prince Harry's most recent claims he was attacked by his brother and comments he made in the trailer for the upcoming ITV interview, which is set to air on Sunday. Speaking of Harry's most recent claim, reported in the Guardian, that William attacked him in 2019, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "This is an tremendously damaging allegation." He added: "[Harry] said on Netflix that William briefed against him and also 'screamed' at him at the Sandringham Summit. "It is the height of hypocrisy to say he wanted a relationship with his brother in a trailer and then reveal these allegations which are intended to damage both William’s reputation and the monarchy. "It is also hypocritical to get contracts with Netflix, Spotify and [Penguin] Random House because they are members of the royal family and then trash the institution." READ MORE: 'The heir was jealous of the spare': Prince Harry shares royal 'truth' in latest interview The royal expert continued by stating what he thinks may happen if the Sussexes attacks continue. He said: "Also, as we learn more, we will undoubtedly also ask, how much of what they reveal is the truth or 'their truth'." In the trailer, which saw Harry being interviewed by Tom Bradby, the 38-year-old spoke about wanting his father, King Charles III and elder brother, Prince William "back". Whilst making these comments, the Duke added that he wants "a family, not an institution". READ MORE: The 7 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews—what we know so far In a Guardian article posted on Thursday morning, Harry claimed, in the book, that he was left with a visible injury, in the form of "scrapes and bruises" on his back, after William grabbed him by the collar and knocked him to the floor. According to the Guardian, the scene is "one of many" documented in Spare and the newspaper revealed that it was able to obtain a copy of Spare despite "stringent pre-launch security around the book". DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] Harry is set to appear in, not one, but two televised interviews on January 8, two days before the book's release. Aside from the ITV interview, Harry will sit down with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes, which airs on NBC. Harry's 416-page book will be available worldwide on January 10 and in 16 languages.