The Los Angeles Lakers could, and probably should have beaten the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday night, but Russell Westbrook missed from close range with just seconds remaining. Westbrook has said he was fouled by Embiid, but fans aren't buying it. The Lakers almost beat the 76ers on Sunday night, but Westbrook missed a potential game-winning shot with just seconds remaining. With the score at 113-112 in the favour of the 76ers, the ball was with Westbrook who was tasked with winning the game. Lakers head coach Darvin Ham decided not to call a final timeout, and the game was in Westbrook's hands. But the Lakers star made a meal of it, although he protested that he was fouled by Embiid, and should have gone to the free throw line. The officials didn't think anything of it, and LeBron James has spoken about his frustration for missing opportunities to win games. READ MORE: LeBron James passes 38,000 points as LA Lakers ace moves closer to all-time scoring record Westbrook attempted to dribble towards the hoop before being stopped by Embiid, who stopped him from getting a decent throw at the hoop. The 76ers then held possession until the clock hit zero, and the Lakers passed up a huge chance to win. "I was trying to get my hand up," Westbrook explained after the game. "I couldn't get my hand up to shoot because [Embiid] was grabbing it. But it's all good." DON'T MISS: However, Embiid was having none of it, as he explained his side of the story. "I don't think I fouled him," Embiid said. "Physical play on both sides. You could have called a foul on the other end, too, on the bump. So, it goes both ways. "They were pushing the ball in transition and he was in front of me and I just waved everybody else off. I believe I'm a great defender, so I believe I can get a stop on anybody. "[Westbrook] was actually unlucky because he lost the ball and then from there, he kind of had nothing else going. Yeah, I would say it was unlucky." James scored 35 points on the night, but appeared disappointed at Westbrook's attempt to win the game. "It's just frustrating," James said. "Getting in those positions and not being able to come out with the victory. We're playing good basketball. We're just not winning games."