A former Playboy model has been sentenced to 10 to 25 years in prison for her role in killing a California psychiatrist and stuffing his body into the boot of her car after he stopped paying her rent. Kelsey Turner, who appeared in Playboy Italia and Maxim, was handed the lengthy sentence after being found guilty of second-degree murder. She appeared in court on Tuesday for the horrific crime, which she is accused of carrying out with her then-boyfriend, Jon Logan Kennison, who was sentenced to 18 to 45 years in prison. The pair were arrested in 2019 after police found Dr Thomas Burchard's body stuffed in the boot of an abandoned car, which belonged to Turner, on State Route 147 near Lake Mead outside Las Vegas. The 71-year-old child psychiatrist had been dating the former Playboy model, who was just 25 at the time, and reportedly gave her an allowance to fund her lifestyle totalling an estimated $300,000, according to KLAS. Following the police's grim discovery, Turner entered an Alford plea, which is a guilty plea while maintaining innocence, to second-degree murder.  Before his death, Burchard had reportedly stopped payments to Turner and travelled to Las Vegas from California to end their two-year intimate and transactional relationship. But prosecutors said Turner, now 29, directed her then-boyfriend to attack Burchard. He beat him to death with a baseball bat before both perpetrators stuffed his body into the back of Turner's Mercedes-Benz, KTVN reported. The psychiatrist had been financially supporting Turner and her children by giving her money and paying for her $3,200 a month rent, according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. During the sentencing hearing, Chief Deputy District Attorney Pamela Weckerly said: "There’s certainly room for a lot of salacious speculation as to what the nature of the relationship was. READ MORE: Controversial influencer Andrew Tate loses appeal to end detention “I think the facts of this case demonstrate though that with regards to Ms Turner, that this was a transactional relationship, to whatever extent.” Burchard's other girlfriend of 17 years, Judy Earp, said her then-partner had been providing for the model for several years, describing her Turner as "as evil as Charles Manson" in a KTNV interview. Following his death in 2019, she said: "The last conversation I had with him, he had to go to Las Vegas to check things out because she was a compulsive liar". Kennison, Turner's then-boyfriend, initially maintained his and his girlfriend's innocence, pointing the finger at Turner's former housemate, Diana Pena.   But he went on to admit the crime and entered a guilty plea in July last year, and was sentenced to 18-45 years in prison. Turner and Kennison's roommate, Diana Nicole Pena, 34, pleaded guilty to being an accessory to murder after testifying that she helped clean the crime scene before fleeing Las Vegas with the couple. Police said evidence placing the three defendants at the scene included a broken door; blood and cleaning supplies in the defendants' home; blood, footprints and more cleaning supplies in the garage; and white and blue bath towels at the defendants' home that matched those found with Burchard's body in Turner's Mercedes. A baseball bat, along with Pena's and Kennison's fingerprints, were also found in Turner's vehicle. 