For original fans of All Creatures Great and Small, they will fondly remember Carol Drinkwater, who played the beloved Helen Alderson. The actress worked alongside Christopher Timothy, who played her onscreen love interest James Herriot at the time. In the Channel 5 series, Rachel Shenton portrays Helen, while Nicholas Ralph has taken on the role of the iconic vet. The first series ran between 1978 and 1990, however, Carol didn't stay in the series for its full run. The actress left the show in 1985 after appearing in 42 episodes. Speaking in a new interview, Carol reflected on her time playing Helen. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash She admitted she never expected the series to be as successful as it was and that it "changed my life". The 74-year-old said: “I’m amazed it is 45 years. None of us could have ever imagined it would be so well-loved. “I remember the script advisor at the time saying to me, ‘This is going to make you a household name'." “I didn’t really grasp what that was," she said to the Daily Mirror. "I didn’t understand that it meant that I couldn’t go out in my dressing gown to buy a pint of milk. It completely changed my life.” The actress went on to detail why she thinks All Creatures has been so successful. She said: “You believe in the spirit of humanity when you watch these programmes. You believe that man is going to help man." In another interview, Carol, who was replaced by Lynda Bellingham, admitted if she could go back, "she wouldn't have left". DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as couple leave village  [SPOILERS]Vera's Brenda Blethyn confirms DCI Stanhope's past will be exposed [THEORY] “I was already thinking about leaving because I felt that there was no more stretch for Helen," she explained. "They wanted to stay very strictly to the books because Alf was alive and at that stage, he was quite adamant that they did. “And I didn’t feel that there was anywhere else I could take Helen, I thought that I’d reheated that teabag – ‘Oh James, let me make you a cup of tea’ – enough times and unless there was new material for me I felt that it was time for me to move on." “And I was getting lots and lots of offers because the series was very successful," the Helen Alderson star added to The Yorkshire Post. It is unclear when season four of All Creatures Great and Small will be back on screens, but fans were treated to a festive special at Christmas. However, viewers were left in tears following the exit of Tristan (Callum Woodhouse). It was an emotional moment for all as Tristan said goodbye to his brother, Siegfried (Samuel West). All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on Channel 5.