She joined Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley to put important questions to former Health Secretary Matt Hancock. He appeared on the show to discuss his I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! stint and his book, Pandemic Diaries. However, Kate came down hard on Matt as she explained why the public is still annoyed with his decision to appear on the ITV show back in 2022. Kate expressed: "You know when you talk about the moment that you fell in love and was seen, well caught, falling in love and whether it was stylised and legal. "And you say that's irrelevant what it was in the sense because you morally feel that you did wrong. "I suppose the problem is that because you were Health Secretary and because of that time, I couldn't visit Derek in hospital, he couldn't see his kids. "Thousands of others couldn't go and see the people they love for various reasons because they were following the guidelines," she said. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Kate continued: "You have to understand that it was all very muddled at that point for us out here in the world. It gives the impression that you still don't get why we're cross. "You see what I mean, you still don't see why people are upset because that amount of money is vast to everybody. "And I am sure there are many other people that went into the jungle when you did that maybe got more, maybe got less, I don't know. "But they are holding you to more account because you are probably only there because you were Health Secretary at the time making these huge decisions, do you see what I mean?"  "Can you explain now, because I am not sure people yet feel comfortable as to why you did it?" Matt explained: "Oh I see. Absolutely, I get all of that, I really do and I feel it and the reason I think it is important I wrote the book in particular, with the enquiry coming later. "I have to be completely open about what I did, and why I took the decisions that I did so that we can learn as much as possible. I feel really strongly about that." However Kate interjected and pressed: "Well what have you learnt?" DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital   [LATEST] Matt continued: "Well one of the things if I can contribute anything now to the future of making sure this doesn't happen as badly again, it is making sure we really learn the lesson on how to handle these things. "Because there will be another one and I feel very strongly about that because it is my duty, we are all human and we all make mistakes." Viewers of the show were left unimpressed that Matt couldn't give a straight answer when being quizzed by Kate. Taking to their Twitter accounts, @tigerax commented: "Only one reason Matt Hancock does these interviews....and it's as he says in his book. He doesn't give a toss about anybody but himself." @Angie___ expressed: "Put me in the mind of a worm, always wriggling out of answers. He wouldn't be any good as a TV presenter, because he doesn't know what honesty means, I'm so angry with this man, as many many more are....." @DanBurgess fumed: "Horrible him. Absolutely zero realisation (or care) of what he has done. Just trying to flog his book and himself. Absolute dirtbag." David John said: "Hancocks still lying now." Tracey Hall added: "All his answers are 'like I wrote in my book' HE DOESNT CARE about anyone but himself." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.