Todd Boehly's first eight months as owner of Chelsea have certainly not been a quiet affair for the wealthy American investor, who purchased the Blues from Roman Abramovich in May of last year. The 49-year-old's short spell at Stamford Bridge has been packed with no shortage of controversial moments, while the Blues have also spent considerably more than any other Premier League club on new players since Boehly arrived on the scene.Express Sport takes a look at some of the biggest talking points from Boehly's turbulent time at Chelsea so far... Chelsea have spent a combined total of £389million on new signings under the guidance of Boehly, who has been playing a relatively hands-on role in player recruitment. A total of 14 additions have been made by the Blues over the last eight months, with the likes of Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella, Wesley Fofana and Mykhaylo Mudryk among their most expensive purchases, while Boehly has also failed to strike a handful of other lucrative deals for top players including Benfica starlet Enzo Fernandes earlier this month.Boehly has certainly demonstrated that he is not afraid to delve into his pockets to improve Chelsea's squad and is expected to keep doing so over the next few transfer windows in order to boost Graham Potter's ranks even further. The likes of Marcos Caicedo and Denzel Dumfries have been linked with the west Londoners in recent weeks, which suggests that their big-spending habits are showing no signs of slowing down as of yet. JUST IN: Everton 'couldn't afford Danny Ings' as West Ham near £15m transfer Boehly was ridiculed by the football world last year when he floated the idea of a North vs South all-star game in the Premier League, which would be a similar event to those seen in many American leagues such as the MLS and NBA. The idea failed to catch on and has since been largely forgotten, although it remains to be seen whether he will renew his interest in staging the fixture at some point further down the line."People are talking about more money for the pyramid," said Boehly in the summer. "In the MLB All-Star game this year we made $200m from a Monday and a Tuesday, so we’re thinking we could do a North versus South All-Star game for the Premier League for whatever the pyramid needed quite easily." Chelsea have appeared to struggle with injuries to a greater degree since the completion of their takeover last year and there is evidence to suggest that this is no coincidence. The club's fitness problems have ramped up since Boehly decided to outsource some of the work to a private physiotherapy company, with former medical chiefs Paco Biosca and Thierry Laurent having been relieved of their duties.This decision, which has resulted in nonsensical situations like Fofana having to fly to America for his medical, has preceded a sharp rise in first-team injury concerns at Chelsea in recent months. They currently have a large number of hugely important players on the treatment table, with Sterling, Fofana, Denis Zakaria, Reece James, N’Golo Kante, Ben Chilwell, Armando Broja, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Christian Pulisic and Edouard Mendy all unavailable for selection as things stand. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Boehly raised plenty of eyebrows when he decided to sack himself as Chelsea's interim sporting director earlier this month after successfully appointing several new directors to the board. He initially placed himself in control of player transfers upon his arrival at Stamford Bridge, with long-term director Marina Granovskaia having left the club with Abramovich towards the end of last season.The Maryland native filled the role for a number of months before stepping down after welcoming the likes of Christopher Vivelli, Joe Shields, Paul Winstanley and Laurence Stewart to the boardroom at Chelsea. He will be hoping that his new recruitment team will be able to keep acquiring the best talent from across the globe in order to help rebuild the playing squad, which has looked stale and in desperate need of more quality for much of the current season. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Todd Boehly can raise £145m to fund two huge signings Boehly's most controversial move at Chelsea so far was undoubtedly the sacking of Thomas Tuchel, who managed to win the Champions League with the Blues less than two years previously. The move was highly divisive, with many Chelsea fans critical of Boehly's ruthlessness after hoping for a change to the club's trigger-happy managerial policy that was in place during Abramovich's time at the helm.The decision made even less sense given that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was signed to work with Tuchel just days before the German manager's dismissal, which came after a narrow defeat at the hands of Dinamo Zagreb in the Champions League group stages. Former Brighton boss Potter was quickly drafted in to replace Tuchel and the jury still remains out on the 47-year-old, who has failed to set the world alight during his time in west London as of yet. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.