The UK is donating 14 Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine in its fight for freedom. Major Mark Lambert, of the King’s Royal Hussars, said the fighting machines “excel” in firepower, manoeuvrability and survivability. He said they “work really well” in wooded areas but can also hit targets two and a half miles away in open areas. The British Army say the Challenger 2 prioritises “firepower” and “protection”, with its L30A1 120mm gun deadly accurate. It holds the record for the furthest distance to destroy another tank. Major Lambert said: “Ultimately, the Challenger 2 was designed to fight Russian t-series in Eastern Europe. That is what it is going to do. “It is a fantastic tank. Any tank is judged on firepower, manoeuvrability and survivability. The Challenger 2 excels in all of these.” The Challenger 2 is slower than Leopard 2 tanks. Many armies in Europe use the Leopard 2 tanks. It is fitted with Chobham Dorchester armour and the exact composition of it remains a secret. Four troops, a commander, a gunner, a loader/operator and a driver. Major Lambert added: “In terms of firepower, it carries 49 rounds. Each of these rounds has a 97 per cent chance of a first round hit. “It is capable of compensating for all weather conditions and the temperature of where it is. It has a 12,000 horsepower V-12 engine. “That is simply better than most of the other tanks out there. “The Chobham armour is still World-beating. There is yet to be a tank destroyed or a crew killed whilst they are serving in the Challenger. “Absolutely, it is better.” Defence Secretary Ben Wallace insisted tanks must be used in conjunction with other armoured vehicles, artillery units and troops to ensure they are not quickly destroyed. Major Lambert added: “So the Ukrainians have been asking for tanks, a squadron of tanks and it allows them to field independent combat sub-units “We have been here six years and we have learned some lessons on how to use them in the Winter. They work really well in the woods and forests in combination with the infantry. “When you break out into open areas, their firepower allows them to engage with targets up to four kilometres and destroy them.”