Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli has reportedly agreed a new contract at the Emirates, committing his long-term future to the Gunners amid transfer links to both Real Madrid and Barcelona. The Brazilian has been one of Mikel Arteta’s star men so far this season and the Spaniard will be delighted that Martinelli has signed a new deal. Martinelli’s previous contract was set to expire in 2024, though Arsenal did have a two-year option to extend that deal. The 21-year-old has agreed to commit his future to the north London club until the summer of 2027 according to The Athletic, with the draft deal in the process of being finalised. Arsenal fans could have been worried following the January signing of Leandro Trossard, as the Belgian predominantly plays on the left and though the former Brighton star was bought to add quality in depth to the Gunners’ forward line, he could have eased the blow if Martinelli did opt to move to one of the La Liga giants. Spanish outlet Sport had previously reported that Barcelona had been keeping tabs on Martinelli’s progress this season and monitored him throughout the World Cup when he was part of the Brazil squad. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Arsenal had previously been warned that it was “inevitable” that Martinelli would outgrow them and move on to the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus by former Chelsea midfielder Ramires. “It’s inevitable that huge clubs like Real Madrid and Juventus will come knocking on the door,” Ramires told Ladbrokes last month. “At Arsenal, he is playing for a huge club with lots of ambition, but of course, there’s always going to be another level. “I’d say it’s down to Martinelli and what he wants, you know, it’s natural for players like him to think about teams such as Real Madrid, the size and stature of that club, and how it was maybe a childhood dream to play for them. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided "There’s always going to be talk around him. even in Brazil, people are wondering where his next move is going to be. Arsenal must do everything they can to keep hold of him, because he’s an amazing player.” Earlier in the season Martinelli publicly stated his desire to sign a new contract at Arsenal. “I’m very happy at Arsenal,” he told reporters before the Gunners' Europa League clash with FC Zurich at the start of November. “I’ve said it many times. This is my club. I love to be here. I love the city, I love the club, I love everything about Arsenal. So I want to stay, I’m very happy.” When he was asked if a pen was all he needed to get the contract signed, he responded: "Yeah, I just need a pen!"