Yellowstone season five has gone down a storm with Paramount+ subscribers in the UK and Paramount Network viewers in the USA. The Western drama has been filled with romance, fights and deception, as always, with the latest episode giving viewers an insight into Rip Wheeler's (played by Cole Hauser) bond with the Duttons. Here's all there is to know so far about Yellowstone season five coming back following episode eight. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Yellowstone. Yellowstone season five, episode eight, is coming out on Sunday, January 1, in the USA on Paramount Network. As with previous weeks, the same instalment is then going to be shown on the streaming service the following day for those living in the UK. A Knife and No Coin is the show's midseason finale so viewers are expecting some big things from this episode. Sadly, this will be the last episode of Yellowstone for quite some time, so it seems. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation So far, it is not known when Yellowstone season five, episode nine, is going to be released on Paramount+ or Paramount Network. To make matters worse, according to Summer Higgins actress Piper Perabo, filming hasn't even begun on the second half of series five. Therefore, Yellowstone fans are most likely going to have to wait several months until it makes a comeback on the small screen. Perabo stated to TV Insider that even she doesn't know what will happen when the show returns for more. Perabo said: "There's a lot coming. Things are on the move. "I can't wait to get back to the back half just because I want to know what happens. "I personally only know what happens up to the midseason finale up to that last second, and I don't know what happens when we come back... "I think you can tell that things are going really south because [the seventh] episode doesn't end at the fair; it ends with him practising that speech. "And Taylor's very good – if you're paying attention, he's telling you where the trouble's coming from. "I think the fact that he ends with that scene is, for those paying attention, he's showing you." DON'T MISS...1923 teases Harrison Ford exit following major Dutton death  [EXIT]1923 star shares exposes ‘unspoken’ rule between Duttons [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene [THEORY] Season five is going to be made up of 14 episodes in total, making it the longest series so far. Previously, even with the coronavirus pandemic affecting filming, the four past series have all had 10 episodes each. So this could be a sign of exciting and or shocking things to come for the Dutton family. The latest episode delved deeper into Rip's past and his connection with the iconic cowboys. In a flashback, young Rip is seen to be defending young Beth's honour but a brawl leads to him killing his opponent. Rip doesn't end up hiding the accidental murder though, instead telling Beth's father John Dutton (Josh Lucas) exactly what happened. As he was defending Beth, John saw this as complete loyalty to their family, explaining why they are still so close all these years later. Yellowstone season 5 continues every Sunday on Paramount Network in the USA and every Monday in the UK on Paramount+.