Merlin Griffiths, 47, opened up about the hardships of his bowel cancer battle as he took to social media to share an update. The First Dates star revealed his relief as he got discharged from hospital yesterday after receiving treatment. He took to Twitter to update his 60,800 followers on his recovery, which he acknowledged “will not be fast” as he is set to undergo a stoma reversal. According to the NHS, a stoma reversal “will only be carried out when you're in good health and have fully recovered. This will usually be at least 3 months after the initial colostomy surgery.” The process involves a cut around the stoma so the surgeon can access the inside of the abdomen before the upper section of the colon is then reattached to the remaining section of the colon. Merlin heaped praise on the Coventry and Warwickshire University Hospital's team for looking after him during his hospital stay. He wrote: “Phew. Getting discharged from hospital today. It's been a tough and fraught week. Recovery will not be fast, but I'll get there. “And I've got much better TP at home! Thank you @nhsuhcw, exemplary as always.” Merlin added the hashtags: “#bowelcancer #stoma #reversal #norectum #NHS.” Fans of the TV star appeared delighted to hear the positive update as they replied to Merlin’s tweet to send their well-wishes. AdeleRoberts said: “Congratulations Merlin! Keep smashing it and so happy you’re on the mend. “Thank you so much for sharing your recovery xx” Reido90 added: “Hope everything heals up fast Merlin! Hope it’s better than my reversal, going under the knife again this week cause of cancer. Take your time (and loperamide).” JonGale4 tweeted: “Good to hear that they are letting you out. I expect the hard work will continue for a while. READ MORE...Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer  [NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE]Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT] “I don’t envy you. I think that part of my reason for electing to keep my stoma after 2.5 years was fear. “Good luck Merlin and keep us posted. We are all rooting for you.” Merlin announced he was diagnosed with bowel cancer back in September 2021, revealing he had been told he had a 75 per cent chance of living beyond five years. He began suffering from stomach pain back in June, but put this down to a scar tissue stemmed from a car accident aged 20. For peace of mind, he underwent X-rays and a CT scan but the result was all clear.  The following day, he was given an urgent sigmoidoscopy which found the tumour and is now undergoing chemotherapy. Merlin is best known for working behind the bar and putting dating hopefuls at ease on the popular Channel 4 show First Dates.