If you want to keep your Wordle winning streak alive, then you'll need to work pretty hard to solve Wordle 591. It's not the most obscure word, but judging by social media reactions it's ending a few winning streaks. Fortunately, this is where Express Online comes in. If you need help solving Wordle 591 for January 31, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck, because you're going to need it. A fantastic game that's taken the world by storm, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. An addictive game with a huge following, Wordle would go on to spawn dozens of clones. There's a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 591 hints, check out the latest clues for the January 31 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 591 hints and clues for January 31... 1. Wordle 591 starts with the letter C. 2. Wordle 591 contains one vowel. 3. One of the letters appears twice.