Ghost (played by Omari Hardwick) and Tasha St Patrick’s (Nature Naughton) love story on Power was fraught with tension, affairs and, in the end, death. Starz fans didn’t get their happy ending when it came to the St Patrick family as Tasha ended up taking the fall for her son Tariq’s (Michael Rainey Jr) part in the murder of his dad, setting the stage for spin-off Book II: Ghost. But while Omari may have moved on to pastures new since Power, Naturi has proven their bond remains as close as ever since leaving the show. Naturi remains a part of the Power universe after appearing throughout the first few seasons of Book II. And she isn’t alone as a number of the Power cast have reprised their roles in further spin-offs, from Joseph Sikora’s Tommy in Book IV: Force to Shane Johnson returning as Cooper Saxe in Book II as well. With fans worldwide anticipating the next chapter of Tariq’s story in Ghost season three, Naturi has recently taken a trip down memory lane. In her latest post on Instagram, the actress posted several snaps of herself with co-star Omari from their early days of working on Power. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event She captioned the post: “This pic was my FIRST day of work and one of the FIRST scenes I shot with you nearly 10 YEARS AGO on #Power “And now we have a LIFETIME of friendship! Happy Birthday @omarihardwickofficial. “I love you, I honour you, I SEE you,” Naturi added, followed by celebratory emojis. The Power star continued: “We laughed together, cried together, fought together, taught each other, broke records together, made history together!” “Love you, my friend and POWERful teammate! Have the best birthday. You deserve all the love and joy! “#ThereWillNeverBeAnother #TashaAndGhost #omarihardwick #manyblessings #grateful,” the caption finished, again followed by a number of love hearts and party emojis. Omari took to the comments with his own tribute, writing: “I was just commenting on your heart the other day. Golden heart. “I’m proud to know you, to have been able to challenge you and grow with you, to be challenged by you.” DON'T MISS:The Rig’s Mark Bonnar recalls hypothermia ordeal [VIDEO]Tulsa King star ‘wasn’t prepared’ for huge finale twist [INTERVIEW]Outlander stars ‘cheated’ to film iconic Claire and Jamie scene [INSIGHT] “You have had my back and having it through a lot of the journey of learning not everyone was or is a you…was critical. And I am always appreciative. Bless dem steps ahead. Love you Turz.” Several fans also took to the comments after spotting the Power favourites’ glowing messages for each other. @cakeladystudios replied: “Happy birthday!! Y’all played these roles so good, made me feel like y’all should have been together in real life! Lol #salute.” @yooohypemommy said: “He needs to wake his GHOSTLY A** up out that coma and come back to POWER immediately. Happy birthday tho (in my feels).” “These pics are so dope!” @keesha0721 exclaimed. “Happy birthday @omarihardwickofficial, wishing you many more blessed birthdays.” And @idiayelilian said: “I'm tearing. I love you guys Tasha and Ghost.” Although Omari’s time on the show came to a fatal conclusion, there are still plenty of fans who are still hoping Ghost will make a miraculous return somewhere down the line. Power Book II: Ghost season 3 premieres March 17 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.