Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has confirmed the club are open to late transfer business. So, with that being the case, it’s possible the Red Devils will make a surprise signing late in the window. That’s been the case in previous years, of course, with Radamel Falcao and Anthony Martial certainly two cases of being bolts from the blue… Manchester United have had a solid, if unspectacular, January transfer window so far. Jack Butland was the first to arrive, with the goalkeeper joining on loan from Crystal Palace until the end of the season. And the Red Devils then proceeded to recruit Wout Weghorst on a temporary basis, with the forward touching down from Crystal Palace. United are, however, in the market for another attacker ahead of Tuesday’s transfer deadline. Speaking ahead of United’s FA Cup clash with Reading on Friday, Ten Hag confirmed United were open to more reinforcements arriving. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it,” he said. “But it's not only up to me. I think that always has to be the approach at this club. "Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. “I’m looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad." The problem is, however, that speculation has gone quiet for the time being. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United did recently hold talks with the agents of Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus, whose contract is due to expire come the end of the campaign. Yet the Red Devils aren’t currently in negotiations for the Germany international as the clock winds down. The same can be said for Youri Tielemans, too. United have admired the Leicester star for a number of years, dating back to when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. But there’s nothing to suggest they’re in for the Belgium international right now, especially in the wake of Donny van de Beek’s season-ending injury. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here With Ten Hag open to more signings however, and having ‘profiles’ on his radar, it’s possible United’s late business may include a signing out of the blue. Certainly, that’s something they’ve done on a few occasions in previous years. United landed Falcao out of nowhere in 2014, with no speculation arising prior to his arrival. It was only on transfer deadline day itself when news of United’s interest in the Colombia international emerged, though he’d end up disappointing with just four goals to his name. The following year, United needed a new No 9 to replace both Falcao and Robin van Persie. And that was when they proceeded to land Martial, who was unknown at the time despite impressing at Monaco. Even in January 2020, United allowed themselves to be linked with a plethora of different forwards before bringing in Odion Ighalo. So, as the clock ticks down, it’ll be interesting to see what happens. United will strike if the right opportunity arises, with Ten Hag determined to bolster his ranks. With funds in limited supply at a time where the club is on the market, however, there’s no telling what will happen.