Meghan Markle was believed to be at home while her and Prince Harry's hometown of Montecito was ravaged by severe storms forcing Hollywood stars to flee their homes. Thousands of local residents, including Hollywood stars such as Ellen DeGeneres and Oprah, were told to flee the deadly conditions after authorities ordered a full evacuation following flash floods and mudslides. Prince Harry was reportedly filming a late-night talk show interview in New York at the time of the evacuation. Montecito locals were told to completely evacuate on Monday night as the freak weather continued to wreak havoc on residents, two of whom are the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Meghan and Harry's $25 million home sits in the southeastern part of Santa Barbara County where heavy precipitation has continued throughout the night. On Monday evening, Prince Harry filmed a late-night talk show interview in New York as part of his media campaign to promote his new book, Spare. Meanwhile, it is thought that Meghan decided to remain at their California home with children Archie, 3, and Lilibet, 1, when the warning was issued.   On Monday, the local fire department said on its website: "LEAVE NOW! This is a rapidly evolving situation. Please pay close attention to emergency alerts. "Over the last 30 days, Montecito has received 12-20+ inches of rain across the community, exceeding our yearly average of 17 inches." Heavy rain has continued to fall over California as the ongoing bout of strong storms rips through the state, causing flash flooding, toppled trees, and at least 14 fatalities. Among to casualties is a five-year-old boy who remains missing after being swept away by the floodwater. READ MORE: Hundreds queue up to buy Prince Harry's book Fellow Montecito resident, Ellen DeGeneres, shared a worrying video of herself seeking shelter amid the severe weather. In the video, posted online, she said: "Montecito is under complete evacuation, the entire town. This is crazy! We are having unprecedented rain. We have horses ready to evacuate. "This creek next to our house never ever flows. It's probably about nine feet up, and it's going to go another two feet. We need to be nicer to Mother Nature. Stay safe everybody. Yikes."  On January 9, 2018, a series of mudslides focused around the Montecito area killed 23 people, although one body was never found. 