Prince Harry’s interview showed the same “sad resignation” Princess Diana did more than two decades ago. Judi James, body language expert, analysed the Duke of Sussex’ CBS interview with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes for Express.co.uk, where the royal promoted his new book ‘Spare’. In the interview, Harry appeared to show “echoes of his mother”, who in a 1995 interview laid bare her broken relationship with the now-monarch King Charles III. In the CBS interview, Harry accused the Queen Consort Camilla of “sacrificing” him on “her personal P.R. altar”. While speaking to Anderson Cooper in the broadcast, Ms James noted the Duke’s body language, “as well as his words at times”, appear to “have echoes of his mother during her own TV interview years ago”. She told Express.co.uk: “Talking of Camilla, Harry produces a similar body language state as his mother did, of sad resignation with raised brows and shrugs, although Harry then goes on to produce some micro signals of an anger that was missing from his mother’s interview. “Stating that Camilla needed to ‘rehabilitate her image’ there is a small angry grimace with a baring of the lower teeth. “When Harry says it was ‘not necessary to marry’ he performs a tongue-poke gesture that is often associated with rejection or disgust. “When he refers to Camilla as ‘his person’ though, the echoes of Diana return as she referred to Camilla as ‘his lady’ when speaking of Charles.” The body language expert then noted Harry’s comments where he said Camilla “paved her way for marriage”. She pointed out the remark “comes with an eye stutter and a sucking in and biting of the lips that hints at anger and an attempt to supress or conceal”. “The quote ‘bodies left in the street as she traded her way’ is pure Harry though”, the expert added. Speaking to Mr Cooper, Harry said: “She was the Villian. She was the third person in the marriage. She needed to rehabilitate her image.” READ MORE: King warned Harry claims 'could mark beginning of the end' of monarchy The Duke also confirmed he and Prince William asked Charles not to marry Camilla because they “didn’t think it was necessary”. He also said her “need” to rehabilitate her image “made her dangerous because of the connections she was forging within the British press”. “If you are lead to believe as a member of the family that being on the front page, having positive headlines, positive stories written about you is going to improve your reputation or increase the chances of you being accepted as monarch or the British public, then that’s what you’re going to do”, he added. In 1995, speaking to the BBC’s Martin Bashir, Diana confirmed Charles and Camilla’s relationship, saying: “There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded”. In December, royal author Phil Dampier told the Express that the King may cut ties with Harry if he attacks Camilla. If Harry is "too critical of Camilla" or "places too much blame at Charles' door", he will pass the point of "no return". Mr Dampier said: "I am sure it is right that Charles will go to great lengths to maintain a relationship with Harry but there is a limit King Charles would pretty much forgive Harry for anything – except dragging Camilla through the mud. "If Harry's account of his parents' divorce is too critical of Camilla, or places too much blame at Charles's door while painting his mother as a saint, that will be the point of no return. "At that point what sanctions are on offer? What choice do they have but to say, 'OK, you've crossed a line here and there is no way back. It's time to go your own way, but not as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex'." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.