The BBC drama returned with a bang last week as fan favourite childhood sweethearts Donte Charles (played by Adam Thomas) and Chlo Grainger (Katie Griffiths) enrolled their daughter into a school that subsequently rebranded as Waterloo Road. However, in a tragic turn of events, Chlo died after hitting her head in a traffic collision earlier in the episode. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Katie opened up on returning to the BBC drama and her character’s tragic death. Katie began: “It was short and sweet. For me, to be able to come back, to be on set with Adam again, see the amazing Scarlett, amazing Teddy and how amazing they all are. “And I think it’s an amazing thing this show it's a big deal to a lot of fans out there and there's a new audience and the old audience. “It's got so much love for it so to be able to just come back even for an episode and be a part of that again is a real heart warming feeling.” Read more: Here's the lowdown on the cast of the new series of Waterloo Road The actress admitted her early departure in the new series was “sad” but was excited to see what was next for Waterloo Road. “It is sad because she was a massive part of my life, she was the first character that I played,” she shared. “But the overriding effect is that I'm very, very happy for the show. “The new action that you've got here and the younger cast are just going to completely dominate and it's going to be fantastic.” Chlo star Katie admitted she was surprised to learn Waterloo Road had gained a whole new audience over lockdown. Reflecting on the moment she was asked to return, she said: “It was a complete pinch yourself moment. “This was a massive part of our lives, what feels like a lifetime ago and actually when we left we felt, ‘That's it we won't go back.’ “And then naturally the show found its feet in other parts of the country and it has accumulated lots of other fans. DON'T MISSWaterloo Road fans in uproar as beloved character killed off [INSIGHT]Waterloo Road season 11 will be the shortest in the show's history [INSIGHT]Waterloo Road return date confirmed as Chlo and Donte deal with riots [SPOILER] “There's this really dedicated, passionate following, and then you have the success on iPlayer over lockdown, which I was completely oblivious to.” “It's just really exciting that it’s found a new audience so you've got the old audience that really want it back and this new lease of life and it's just very exciting to that we get to be a part of it,” she added. In next week’s episode, the school is rocked when they find out Chlo has died. Headteacher Kim Campbell (Angela Griffin) opens up about her personal life teaching Shola Aku (Chiamaka Ulebor) a life lesson in the process. Meanwhile, Danny Lewis’ (Adam Abbou) first day back in school gets off to a terrible start as he fights with Dean Weever (Francesco Piacentini-Smith) and is blamed for another incident he had nothing to do with. After rebranding the school in the season premiere, Kim faces backlash from staff. Will she be able to bring everyone together to move the school forward? Waterloo Road continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 8pm.