Leeds United have reportedly initiated transfer talks with the representatives of Juventus midfielder Weston McKennie. The Whites' sporting director, Victor Orta, could use the American connection at Elland Road to land the 24-year-old, who would form a dynamic partnership with fellow USA international Tyler Adams in midfield. Adams became an instant hit at Leeds after completing his move from RB Leipzig during the summer. He was joined by another American international in Brenden Aaronson, who has also sparked excitement among the fanbase with his directness and quick feet. The USA duo are coached by another compatriot in Jesse Marsch, and a fourth party could yet be thrown into the mix amid reports that Leeds have initiated transfer talks for McKennie. The all-action star has been linked in the past but transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio claims that new contact has been initiated this month as Orta tests the waters. Aston Villa and Arsenal are also rumoured to be weighing up a swoop for the Juventus midfielder, who has supposedly been deemed expendable by boss Massimiliano Allegri, providing the Turin giants can raise at least £18million. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends direct message to board over future after Fulham win McKennie rose through the ranks with Schalke, making just shy of 100 appearances for the Bundesliga outfit before heading to Juve in 2020. Since then, he has struggled to nail down a consistent first-team spot with a host of other talented stars competing for minutes under Allegri. The Washington-born maestro has already racked up 41 caps for the USA and started all four of their matches at the World Cup in Qatar, impressing in a midfield trio which involved Leeds' Adams and Valencia youngster Yunus Musah. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Reports indicate that talks between Leeds and McKennie's representatives will continue over the coming days as they look to reach a compromise that satisfies all parties. The Whites have been active in the transfer market this month with two major signings - Max Wober and Georginio Rutter - already bedding in at Elland Road. Marsch is under pressure to turn results around with Leeds only one point above the relegation zone, and a goalless draw at home to Brentford on Sunday was hardly the result to spark a major turning point. After the final whistle, Marsch claimed that his side were heading in the right direction but former Arsenal defender Martin Keown wasn't so sure.  "I don’t see any game management," he told Match of the Day 2. "I don’t see any control. I think the manager has got good characteristics. But when you don’t win games, it’s like codswallop, isn’t it?! It’s just baloney. We are just hearing this propaganda. It’s like he is clinging on. "They need to get results. There is a message, all the interview from the players is the same, there is momentum. We are building. We are moving in the right direction. Two wins in 16 games is not moving in the right direction."