A married delivery driver with three children said she feels "reborn" since transitioning to a woman after 60 years of keeping her "incredible desire to be female" hidden. Melanie Taylor, who thought marriage would be the "cure" for her misery before attempting to take her own life, said she thanks her wife for footing a £68,000 bill for surgeries.  Melanie, 61, transitioned to a woman at the age of 61. She said she could never have afforded the surgery without her "beautiful wife" and will "forever be in her debt". The delivery driver, from Australia, said her wife was made redundant and received a large payout which she used to pay the surgery bills. Melanie knew she was "different to other boys" at five or six years old and wished she could wear "frilly dresses" and have long hair and ponytails. She recalled feeling "a deviant or some strange, sick individual" but decided she would take her secret "to the grave". Growing up in Parramatta, Australia where she would live until her early 20s, she became convinced she had "something wrong with her". The Australian said she would look in the mirror and that all she would see "was a girl". READ MORE: Man's petty revenge after neighbour steals parking space he'd just cleared of snow  She also wasn’t into the other things the boys were into. She said she "hated being dirty" and wasn't an average rough and tumble boy but explained she was growing up at a time when little was known about transgender people. It was only after a conversation with her wife who asked "do you want to be a woman?" that she was rescued from what she called "living hell" caused by the confusion. She said: "In my teens when I was still very confused as to why I was in a male body and my brain was telling me the opposite, a girl I had known for many years became my girlfriend and, at the age of 20, we were married. "I thought that this relationship would cure my desires to be a female. "For a few years it did to a point, but the desires and feelings came back stronger than ever." Despite the intense emotions, Melanie couldn’t stand the idea of hurting her wife so decided to continue hiding her dreams of being a woman. Melanie said: "I did keep my feelings and thoughts very private through fear of alienating and ostracising myself from all my family, friends and work colleagues. "This had a huge effect on my mental health, as the thought of letting anyone know I wanted to be female became harder and harder… (and so) I came to a decision I would take my secret to the grave rather than become an outcast."   Her turmoil became unbearable during her 40s and 50s when she became "very anxious" and was diagnosed with chronic depression. She ended up trying to take her own life because she saw no way out of her negative emotions and was taken to a mental health facility. She said: "I was struggling terribly dealing with this secret, the incredible desire to be female. "I contemplated taking my life rather than suffering the humiliation of coming out and becoming an outcast. The following few years I attempted suicide twice, but fortunately, both these attempts failed."  After her release from the facility, Melanie and her wife of 45 years, had a cathartic discussion about the underlying issues which led to her suicide attempt. Melanie said the conversation changed her life forever as the long-held secret had been "released". She said; "In this discussion, she asked me a question which was to change my life forever. She said: 'Do you want to be a woman?'" Melanie added: "At that very point, I thought, what do I do? (Do I) continue to keep my secret, or finally be released from the living hell I have been in for 60 years. I took a risk and I answered, 'yes'." To this day, the couple does not know "where this question came from" – but at the age of 61, and with her wife's "total support", Melanie began her transition. She started taking hormone replacement therapy and was prescribed oestrogen patches with a testosterone blocker. After a year of HRT, she went to Melbourne for a consultation with a plastic and reconstructive surgeon before gender reassignment surgery in February 2021. She also had breast augmentation surgery in July of that year and in February 2022 had facial feminisation surgery in Marbella, Spain, and electrolysis to remove facial hair. Melanie said she could never have afforded the treatments without her wife who used money from a "large payout" after being made redundant. She said she "will forever be in her debt". "She had no hesitation in deciding to pay for everything involved with my transition – a very kind decision that I could never repay. I will forever be in her debt and will never forget." 