Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy and Qatar Sports Investments did not discuss stadium naming rights during alleged talks over a possible investment deal, according to reports. QSI already own Paris Saint-Germain and hold a minority stake in Braga, but they are supposedly determined to branch out into the Premier League. Huge ownership changes could take place over the coming 12 months with both Manchester United and Liverpool thought to be up for sale. QSI are supposedly keeping tabs on multiple situations as they scout out the best opportunity to make their first foray into the Premier League. Middle Eastern influence is already in the English top-flight with Abu Dhabi in the Manchester City boardroom and Newcastle United backed by Saudi Arabian wealth, while QSI have their own lucrative project in full flow with PSG boasting one of the most talented front-lines in football history. Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Neymar are all at Parc des Princes and Spurs fans would naturally love to see that level of talent turning out in north London on a weekly basis. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo That may one day become a reality amid reports that QSI have held talks with Levy over acquiring a minority stake in the club. According to CBS Sports, stadium naming rights were concretely left off the the table, while Tottenham deny that the meeting revolved around a potential investment opportunity. The Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, as it is currently known, is held by many to be the finest stadium in the world and it set the club back a whopping £1billion to build. The mammoth cost is just one of the reasons why the Spurs hierarchy could consider auctioning off the naming rights, even if it has not been discussed with QSI as yet. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand Manager Antonio Conte was backed comprehensively during the summer with a raft of new signings but the Italian has kept the pressure on his superiors, calling on the board to consistently improve the squad at regular intervals. Spurs currently sit fifth in the Premier League table with bitter rivals Arsenal boasting a five-point lead at the top. Man City had their stadium renamed after coming under the ownership of Sheikh Mansour, when the City of Manchester Stadium became Etihad Stadium. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta recently auctioned off the Nou Camp's naming rights to help the club out of a financial hole, with the stadium now known as the Spotify Camp Nou in a deal worth £4.4million per year.  Tottenham are majority-owned by ENIC, a company controlled by Bahamas-based billionaire Joe Lewis, but Levy remains the face of the operation in north London. With a net worth of over £4bn, Lewis is reported to be one of the richest people in the UK. Lewis' company ventured into football in the 1990s when they bought stakes in the likes of Slavia Prague, Vicenza, AEK Athens and Rangers. Tottenham chiefs aren't thought to be seeking a full sale of the club and an investment fund reportedly failed with a £3bn approach early last year.