Princess Kate has revealed the latest ritual she shares with her three children every morning before heading to school. The Prince of Wales had already confessed that he and his family of four have a full-on kitchen dance party to one of the children's favourite songs, Shakira's Waka Waka hit from 2010. In one of her latest public engagements, the mother-of-three revealed that she uses a trampoline to stay fit with her children - Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4. Princess Kate is well-known for her rigorous exercise regime, which includes everything from running to tennis, and during a recent engagement, she revealed a previously unknown activity. During a visit with England's wheelchair rugby league team this week, the mother-of-three revealed that she stays fit by jumping on the trampoline, giving one of the players insight into her workout routine. Asked if she went to the gym, the 41-year-old said her morning routine with her three children was already a workout in itself. She said: "It's running around after the children - I do it all, whenever I can squeeze in exercise I do, even jumping on the trampoline with my children before school."  Prince Louis' favourite sport was also hinted at by the Princess of Wales who said: "They all love sport and Louis is mad about rugby. They are at an age where they just love running around." Tom Coyd, the team captain, echoed the Princess' praise of Louis' abilities on the field. He said: "She said Louis is doing tag rugby at school. She was saying that it is quite basic at the minute, that he is just getting to grips with the passing and the running around. But when you are four-and-a-half you just want to get the ball and run in any direction." William had previously shared their ritual of throwing dance parties.  During a special Christmas episode of Apple Fitness+’s audio podcast series Time to Walk, William said: “Most mornings there's a massive fight between Charlotte and George as to what song is played in the morning. "And I have to, now, basically prioritise that one day someone does this one, and another day it's someone else's turn. So George gets his go, then Charlotte gets her go. Such is the clamour for the music." The proud dad also revealed that Charlotte takes advantage of the opportunity to demonstrate her dancing abilities. The 6-year-old has been known to take private ballet lessons. He said: "Charlotte, particularly, is running around the kitchen in her dresses and ballet stuff and everything. She goes completely crazy with Louis following her around trying to do the same thing." DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's bitter pill to swallow after taking revenge on Kate [REPORT] Sophie and Kate 'share close bond' - inside property where duo 'relax' [REPORT] William warned he could never rise to throne after crushing poll [REPORT]  William added: "It's a really happy moment where the children just enjoy dancing, messing around, and, and singing." These morning dances sometimes lead to disputes between Charlotte and George as to what song gets played in the morning, confessed the father, whose two children now take turns to pick their favourite song. Shakira recently tweeted about learning that she was a favourite in the royal household, saying: "I’m so pleased you like my music Princess Charlotte." READ NEXT:Kate and William risk losing face with public after Harry bookPrincess Kate’s new £825 gemstone necklace has hidden meaning Meghan, Harry, William and Kate face popularity ‘death knell’ Kate should avoid 'unhealthy rivalry' between children to prevent riftKate overjoyed as Army Captain breaks world record in first for woman