Fans won’t have to wait much longer for more adventures with the Frasers, as the seventh season of Outlander is confirmed to hit screens this Summer on Starz. However, during the hiatus, die-hard fans have been returning to the original book series by American author Diana Gabaldon and exposing some huge moments which were sadly not included in the small-screen adaptation. A key scene between Young Ian Fraser (played by John Bell) and Brianna Mackenzie (Sophie Skelton) was omitted from the sixth season of Outlander. In Diana’s series of novels, Ian and Bree clearly share a much tighter bond compared to their on-screen counterparts. Near the end of book six, Ian takes Bree on an expedition to find some woolly mammoth bones and tells her about his time with the Mohawk tribe. He confides in her about having to leave his wife Emily (Morgan Holmstrom), though for the series this was changed to a conversation with Jamie (Sam Heughan). READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Redditor Bubbly-Outcome9437 began: “So this isn’t meant to be the typical rant about how awful season 6 is. (However, compared to the books it did kinda suck). “But I’m on chapter 70, almost 900 pages in, reading the mammoth chapter with Ian and Bree. “And oh my god so many tears. Why didn’t they put this in the show?!” (sic) Clearly, the writers for the TV series wanted to highlight Ian’s relationship with Jamie, who has been a surrogate father for him during their time in America. However, some fans believe this was a wasted opportunity to explore Bree’s friendship with her adoptive cousin, as they haven’t shared much screen time up to this point. “It was such a good moment between them,” the post continued. “It made me ball my eyes out. “I’m kinda mad they left this out,” they added. “Even if they’d left the mammoth out they could’ve had the conversation.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone boss casts Morgan Freeman for new drama [NEWS]Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [COMMENT]Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role [VIDEO] “I guess they had a lot to fit in a little time but it makes me mad they left this particularly out in favour of some other stuff I feel like didn’t matter as much.” Due to Covid restraints, Outlander’s sixth season was significantly cut down to just eight episodes. Thankfully, fans will be treated to twice that amount for season seven, although it still means a lot of important moments were cut from the TV adaptation. ClubExotic replied in the comments: “In my opinion, it’s because they simply can’t fit all the cool stuff in the show. I would love a more book-faithful show!” “I agree,” LadyGethzerion added. “I know the show doesn't have a lot of time, but I do miss that close cousin relationship between Bree and Ian on the show. “They spent more time showing Bree with Marsali (Lauren Lyle) and as much as I like Marsali, I just adore how much Bree and Ian love each other.” Season seven will be adapting the rest of book six which couldn’t feature in last year’s shortened outing so, hopefully, Bree and Ian will get more time together in the coming episodes. Outlander season 7 will premiere in the summer of 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.