Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be stripped of their royal titles, according to a biographer. Tom Bower tore apart the Duke's suggestion it would not make a "difference" when he was probed on the issue during a publicity blitz for his tell-all memoir Spare, with the investigative journalist insisting it would make a "complete difference". Mr Bower, author of royal book Revenge, also said the California-based Sussexes should not be invited to the King's coronation in May. The biographer told Express.co.uk: "They should lose their titles, they shouldn't be invited to the coronation, they should just be expelled. "When he was asked would he give up the titles he said it wouldn't make any difference. Of course it would make a complete difference." The contentious issue of the Sussexes' royal titles came up earlier this week during Harry's interview on CBS News's 60 Minutes. Host Anderson Cooper asked: "Why not renounce your titles as Duke and Duchess?" Harry fired back: "And what difference would that make?" The Sussexes have faced ongoing calls to relinquish or be stripped of their royal titles in the wake of Megxit. But Harry's memoir, which was released earlier this week, has sparked fresh demands for the couple's Sussex titles to be removed. The explosive tome, which has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in history, comes after years of tensions between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. The book contains a series of further revelations about the monarchy, with Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace so far remaining silent. Harry takes aim at his older brother Prince William, father King Charles and stepmother Camilla in his autobiography. He has also given a string of interviews both in the UK and across the pond to promote the memoir. It comes after a YouGov poll last month following the Sussexes' six-hour Netflix marathon suggested almost half of the British public think the Duke should be stripped of his royal title. The survey of 1,672 adults conducted from December 20 to 21 found 44 percent of respondents said Harry should have his title removed. Some 32 percent disagreed. Harry and Meghan kept their Sussex titles as part of Megxit but agreed to stop using their HRH styles.  REVENGE: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors by Tom Bower out now in paperback, ebook and audio.