Snooker chief Jason Ferguson has put a timeframe and outlined the process of a match-fixing probe which has rocked the sport and overshadowed this week's Masters. Former UK Champion Zhao Xintong became the 10th Chinese player suspended before the tournament as part of an ongoing match-fixing investigation which began in October.  Liang Wenbo was the first player suspended as part of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) investigation with nine further players also banned pending the findings. WPBSA chairman Ferguson has said that the investigation will be completed in 'one-two weeks' when it will be decided if any of the 10 suspended players will be charged. WPBSA chairman Ferguson told the BBC: "I think we’re one-two weeks away from the completion of that inquiry. It won’t take long to assess whether there are charges to be levied against any of those players after that. "Then we will establish an independent tribunal, which will be a properly formulated sports tribunal and it will be that tribunal which stands independently to judge this. That may all take another month or so. There’s never a good time for this, but we’re really pushing this process every day. READ MORE: Snooker left reeling on another dark day as Yan Bingtao becomes seventh player suspended   "We’ve been on this since October, day in day out, trying to push it and push it. New things have come to light that we’ve had to look at, but we won’t be too much longer." Xintong, Wenbo, Lu Ning, Li Hang, Zhao Jianbo, Bai Langning and Chang Bingyu, Yan Bingtao, Chen Zifan and Zhang Jiankang are the 10 players which are currently suspended. If charges are made then an independent tribunal will come to a verdict.  DON'T MISS: David Gilbert was drafted into this week's Masters after Bingtao was suspended along with Xintong ahead of the invitation event. The match-fixing scandal continues to overshadow this week's event and Shaun Murphy previously stated that anybody found guilty of match-fixing should be 'terminated' from snooker. Gilbert told the Metro: "I totally agree with what Shaun Murphy said. 1000 per cent. I don’t want to comment much because we don’t know, we’re all speculating, guessing. But my thing is, if you’ve put money on yourself to lose a frame or matches, you’re gone forever." 