 Announced in 2020, the School Rebuilding Programme (SRP) is a decade-long scheme that will modernise 500 schools and sixth-form college buildings across England. In December, a further 239 were added to the list of confirmed projects. Check Express.co.uk’s table below to see if your local school will benefit and use the map to see how many are due for a fix-up in your area…   Thousands of pupils at 239 schools are set to benefit from “transformative” new buildings under the SRP. First unveiled in June 2020, the plan was described to the Commons by then-Education Secretary Gavin Williamson as a “10-year, multi-wave rebuilding programme for schools,” with the aim of replacing “poor-condition and ageing school buildings, with modern, energy-efficient designs.” This latest set of confirmed projects adds to a list of 161 previously announced, with construction works nearing completion on the most advanced sites. This means 400 of the programme’s 500 total have now been given the go-ahead. Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said the announcement would “transform hundreds of schools across the country and ensure they are fit for the future”. READ MORE: Tony Blair and Jamie Oliver demand No10 expands free school meals  Of all the regions in England, the North is set to benefit most from the rebuilding project – accounting for 37.5 percent of the total number of schools where work is due to commence. Of the 400 total, 60 are in Yorkshire and the Humber, 51 are in the North West, and 39 are in the North East. When compared to the school-aged population that works out at around nine schools being renovated per 100,000 pupils across the North East, and around six in Yorkshire and the Humber. This compares to around five per 100,000 pupils in the East Midlands and West Midlands, four in the North West and the South West, and around three in the East of England, the South East, and in London. The Department for Education (DfE) last year pinpointed the most desperate need to be in the East and West Midlands, with an estimated £11.4billion needed to get the region’s school buildings in shape. At the local authority level, more schools in Birmingham are on the list than anywhere else, 15. Check our table and map below to see how many schools in your neighbourhood are part of the refurbishment project.   The latest announced additions to the SRP list come as the DfE’s annual report found there to be “a risk of collapse of one or more blocks in some schools”. The report claimed the risk was mostly in buildings built between 1945 and 1970 which were “at or approaching the end of their designed life-expectancy,” with the result that “structural integrity is impaired”. As such, the country’s school buildings have been prioritised under the SRP according to their condition – chief among them being buildings with the potential to cause significant harm to pupils or staff. The first 50 schools were selected to be part of the programme in February 2021, with 50 more chosen in July that year, followed by a further 61 this July. Although 100 places on the list remain, nominations closed in March. DON'T MISS:Andrew Tate’s pizza box may have triggered arrest [LATEST]Dog has been trapped down 'mine shaft' since Boxing Day [REPORT]Ex-Pope Benedict could cause problems for the Vatican [INSIGHT]Martin Edwards takes on Jeremy Paxman's University Challenge [BREAKING]  The programme will see old facilities replaced by “modern education environments” including new classrooms, science labs, sports halls and dining rooms. The DfE says all new buildings will be net-zero in operation and “more energy efficient for future winter resilience”. Ms Keegan added: “Education is a top priority for this Government. That is why, despite facing challenging economic circumstances, we are investing a record amount in our schools and colleges.” The Government has pledged £19.4billion of capital funding for the education sector over the next three years. However, the lion’s share of this investment is for further education, not schools, according to Sky News.   During the 2021 to 2022 financial year, DfE capital spending came in at £4.9billion – the lowest amount in over a decade. In real terms, this figure is half what it was at its 2010 peak. Cabinet Office figures show schools receive the least money for building upkeep per square metre of area. Despite making up more than half of state buildings in terms of floorspace, schools are only awarded around 15 percent of the annual running costs budget. However, planned capital spending for the education sector between 2022 and 2023 is set to increase by 29 percent on the year in real terms to £6.4 billion. The Government has also announced a £2.5billion funding boost for mainstream schools and an additional £1billion for children and young people with complex special educational needs and disabilities by 2025. 