Alex Jones opened up about her various mishaps before her debut on The One Show in 2010, most notably with King Charles. The BBC presenter went on to address Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Netflix docuseries, before podcast host, Elizabeth Day, urged the broadcaster to "move on". It comes after Alex revealed she had accidentally locked Charles inside a toilet before addressing the Duchess of Sussex. After explaining the blunder, podcast host Elizabeth quizzed: "Well, thank goodness you let him out. Imagine how the course of modern British history would be different if he was still in there. "Do you think it will be in The Crown? When they get to that point? They'll have someone playing you." Alex mused: "Yes, maybe it will be Meghan. She's looking for a job on Netflix." READ MORE: Nicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death The mum-of-three referenced Harry and Meghan's docuseries which was released on Netflix last month. Speaking on the How to Fail podcast, the One Show host said the incident with the then-future monarch happened during her first job as a researcher for a TV production company. Charles was opening a project after the company had received a grant to give young people in disadvantaged areas of Wales opportunities and training in the media. Alex she knew the river next to the building "had a bit of a stench to it" which came through the window in the men's toilet.  Taking "the initiative", she said, Alex went to get the key to lock it so the prince didn't smell it. "There was this massive sense of panic and they were like we don't know where he is. Prince Charles has actually disappeared," she said. "And I was like 'there must be an aide or something that knows where he is' and they were like 'no we can't find him either' and I was like 'oh weird'. Alex said she then heard knocking from inside the men's loo, revealing where the prince had been. DON'T MISS... Nicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death[LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles[ADMISSION]Gary Lineker's ex-wife complains he's been ‘ignoring’ her[INSTAGRAM] The broadcaster said he was "lovely" and "just saw the funny side" adding she's got the royal's "back". During her candid chat, Alex also opened up about her husband's recent health battles. The One Show presenter watched the insurance broker's mental health "fall apart" after becoming seriously ill with Lyme Disease and viral meningitis. The BBC presenter said the family had been "knocked for six" and felt pressure to be the main breadwinner. Alex said: "It's my husband's own story to tell, so I won't go into detail, but he suffers with his mental health and we've just been through a really bad period where, bless him, he had Lyme Disease and then he had viral meningitis. "Lots of things happened recently." The couple met at a party in 2011 and married four years later, and went on to welcome Teddy, five, Kit, three, and Annie, 17 months. The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm.