Former Crawley Town manager John Yems told Muslim players that 'their people blow stuff up with vests' as details behind his 18-month ban from football emerge. Yems admitted one charge and was found guilty of 11 others for making racist comments towards his players, while four other charges went unproven. Yems was accused of making 16 comments relating broadly to race, nationality or religion during his reign as Crawley Town boss between 2019 and 2022. An independent regulatory commission found 11 of them to be proven earlier this month. That landed him with a complete ban from all football-related activity until June 2024. The FA have since published further details along with the written reasons behind his ban, while 'accepting that Mr Yems is not a conscious racist'. "Mr Yems' 'banter' undoubtedly came across to the victims and others as offensive, racist and Islamophobic," the report continued. "Mr Yems simply paid no regard to the distress which his misplaced jocularity was causing." JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd in advanced talks, Arsenal exit on cards, Newcastle £89m probe Following the investigation, the FA concluded that Yems' controversial comments included telling Muslim players 'your people blow up stuff with vests', saying that an Iraqi youth international 'would probably blow up the stadium' and commenting about another player 'carrying a bomb in his bag'. The 63-year-old was also found to have deliberately mispronounced the second half of Arnold Schwarzenegger's name to emphasise the word 'n*****', as well as commenting to one player about 'how dark his skin is' after a trip to represent Grenada at international level. DON'T MISS...Liverpool star Mo Salah's 'meeting with Nasser Al-Khelaifi' explainedMykhaylo Mudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay the priceChelsea 'submit firm £44.5m offer' for Zidane to replace Potter Yems' playing career ended due to injury and he occupied several roles outside of football management before his appointment at Crawley in 2019. Having served as a scout with Torquay United and a coach with Gillingham, he spent six years as football operations manager with Bournemouth. London-born Yems was initially suspended by Crawley in April last year before parting company less than two weeks later, after the FA announced that it would be investigating the claims made against him. "[Yems] is a man of jocular disposition," the FA report continued. "His aim is to encourage bonding among players by cracking jokes and joining in fun with them.  "[But] he has no appreciation that much of the sort of language which might have been in common usage some 40 or 50 years ago has no place in modern society. There was a considerable weight of evidence to the effect that Mr Yems was in the habit of, in his perception, cracking jokes which were perceived as racist by those who were the butt of the jokes. "Probably, Mr Yems gave no thought at all to the effect of his language on those at whom the 'jokes' were aimed. Nor did he give any thought at all to the likely reaction of others to the language he used." 