Kate, Princess of Wales has been praised by royal fans for her "inspirational" appearance meeting England's wheelchair rugby league team, who recently won the World Cup for the first time since 2008. Kate took over as patron of the Rugby Football League and the Rugby Football Union from Prince Harry after he stepped down as a working royal. She met members of the squad and coaching team to celebrate England's 28-24 victory over France last November. The team scooped the trophy thanks to a late try from captain Tom Halliwell. Kensington Palace shared a picture of the event, captioning the post: "A delight to celebrate with @England_RL’s Wheelchair Rugby League World Champions and their families today. "This history-making, record-breaking team are champions on and off the pitch. Well played!"  Royal fans gushed over the princess in the comments, with user @liberocerte writing: "Inspirational on every single level!" Another user @MrsSobersides tweeted: "Congratulations to the team on your fantastic achievement! "Her Royal Highness once again demonstrating her effortless charm, good humour, and stylish dress sense. Such a credit to the UK."  READ MORE: Meghan & Harry told recognise royals 'hesitancy' to reconcile User @Shirley_Perez added: "Congratulations!!!! Also I love that burgundy suit!!!" Another user @Beaudica1 posted: "She lights up the room." Kate told the squad that her whole family were keen sports followers, with the youngest Louis being a big fan of rugby.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry’s ‘contradictions’ in tell-all memoir laid bare [LATEST]Harry slammed by royal experts for 'outrageous' comments [SPOTLIGHT]David Crosby, Byrds and Crosby, Stills and Nash Co-Founder, dies at 81 [REPORT] She said: "We're always slightly competitive with each other. "They all love sport and Louis is mad about rugby. They are at an age where they just love running around." She added: "I do it all: whenever I can squeeze in exercise I do, even jumping on the trampoline with the children before school." 