Tottenham Hotspur are in talks over investment from Qatar Sports Investments as the Paris Saint-Germain owners accelerate efforts to fund another football club. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has held a meeting to discuss the avenue as Qatar seek involvement in English football. Middle Eastern influence is growing in the Premier League, with Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia at the helm of Manchester City and Newcastle United, respectively. And Qatar could soon join them, with PSG's ownership looking to branch out into another of Europe's elite domestic leagues. According to CBS Sports, Qatar Sports Investments is going ahead with plans to invest a minority into another club this year. The process is in its early stages, but talks have already taken place between Levy and Nasser Al-Khelaifi earlier this week, where the Qatari chief explored the opportunity. QSI hasn't settled on Spurs yet, though, and the discussions in London were just part of a widescale search involving different Premier League outfits. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But the gulf state is expected to land in the Premier League in 2023, expanding its presence in Europe, currently owning 23 per cent of Braga. South America is also being eyed for investment. The report claims Qatar Sports Investments is actively speaking with Premier League clubs to weigh up their options before pressing forward with concrete plans. Liverpool and Manchester United automatically come to mind, with Fenway Sports Group seeking investment on Merseyside and the Glazer family hoping to complete a full-scale sale before May. However, it has been claimed that Liverpool aren't one of the clubs QSI is in discussions with. The news will excite Tottenham fans, who are desperate to see the club financially compete with Chelsea, Manchester City and United. DON'T MISS: Jude Bellingham pay demand set to 'flush out' Man Utd and Liverpool Levy has backed Antonio Conte with almost £200million in his first two transfer windows as head coach. However, the Italian is desperate for more investment in his playing squad as Spurs fight to keep their top-four hopes alive. Investment from QSI would not only boost the club's transfer kitty to ensure they cement their status as a Champions League stalwart. But it would also strengthen their relationship with PSG, which should only result in positive outcomes down the line, given the talent the Ligue 1 giants possess. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here