Hulu's controversial miniseries Pam and Tommy, which aired on Disney+ in the UK, sparked a huge debate as it depicted the moment Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee’s sex tape was stolen and leaked for public consumption. During a recent interview, the actress and model, Pamela finally gave her thoughts on the drama.  Pam and Tommy made headlines last year after Lily James and Sebastian Stan underwent major transformations to become Pamela and her then-husband Tommy Lee. The limited series detailed their three-year marriage but heavily focused on the illegal distribution of their infamous sex tape. The couple had privately recorded it on their honeymoon but the footage was stolen from inside their mansion. Although the event took place in 1995, the sex tape was brought back to the spotlight with the release of Pam and Tommy. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap  Since the premiere of Pam and Tommy, Pamela has finally spoken out and shared her thoughts on the show. When asked to describe the network bosses and people behind the series, she labelled them “a**holes,” describing the depiction as “salt in the wound". Pamela has no interest in the show as she revealed she hasn’t watched a single minute. However, she noticed Lily and Sebastian’s shocking transformation on billboards, as Pamela told Variety: “It just looked like a Halloween costume to me.”    While the show was heavily criticised, Pamela made it clear that she did not want to be a part of the show. At the time of its release, Courtney Love fiercely defended her friend as she slammed the biographical drama. In a furious rant on Facebook, she called the show: “F*****g outrageous." Courtney wrote: “My heart goes out to Pammy further causing her complex trauma. “And shame on Lily James whoever the f**k she is.” DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]Pamela Anderson details how first boyfriend kicked her out of speeding [INSIGHT]Pamela Anderson claims she spotted Jack Nicholson having a threesome [INSIGHT] During the interview, Pamela revealed he ex-husband Tommy had reached out to comfort her during the release of Pam and Tommy. She disclosed: “I remember Tommy writing me a note saying, ‘Don’t let this hurt you like it did the first time.’ “Because he had heard through the kids that I was kind of struggling with the idea of bringing this all up again. I don’t think he was portrayed kindly. I just know that I refuse to watch it.” Although the sex tape “ruined lives,” Pamela had no hard feelings towards Lily.  The actress extended an olive branch to Lily: “I said to Netflix, ‘I’d love to invite Lily to the premiere of the movie.’ “I’ve got nothing against Lily James. She was just doing the job. But the idea of the whole thing happening was just really crushing for me.” Lily and Sebastian were among a star-studded cast which included Taylor Schilling, Seth Rogen, Nick Offerman and Adam Dice Clay.  Pam and Tommy is available to stream on Hulu in the US and Disney+ in the UK. 