Kaleidoscope is airing on Netflix and the anthology TV series follows a high-octane heist. Netflix randomises the episode order for each viewer so everyone has a unique experience. But fans are keen to know whether there is a preferred order to watch the instalments. Viewers were surprised to find out they may have started the story in a different place than that of their friends. The series may have begun with the thieves years before the heist, or it could have started during the planning phase. On Netflix, the series always finishes with the episode titled White. However, there are numerous ways in which the show can be followed, as Express.co.uk explains. READ MORE: The true story that inspired Kaleidoscope on Netflix According to Polygon.com, the best order is to watch the heist ahead of its aftermath. They have listed the best episode order as: Yellow Violet Orange Green Blue White Red Pink This order follows the team as they get together, giving viewers some background information on each member before they set up the big heist. Gamerant has listed the episodes in chronological order, which some viewers may prefer. Again, it sees the heist episode come before the finale, but still in the latter half of the season. Their order is as follows: Violet Green Yellow Orange Blue White Red Pink DON'T MISS... Kaleidoscope takes Netflix viewers ‘out of their comfort zone’ [INSIGHT] Meet the star-studded cast of the Netflix heist series Kaleidoscope [EXPLAINER] Meet the star who plays Gil in Ginny and Georgia season 2 [INSIGHT] The Tab shared the "block order theory", with fans believing the episodes bunch together into different era blocks. The time periods include before the heist was planned, to after it was carried out. The order is as follows: Yellow Orange Blue Violet Green Red Pink White There is a timeline that explains when each episode is set in relation to the actual heist. Violet- Set 24 years before the heist takes place Green- Set seven years ahead of the heist Yellow - Set six weeks before the heist is carried out Orange - Set three weeks before the plan kicks off Blue - Set five days ahead of the heist White - The actual day of the heist Red - The morning after the heist Pink - Six months after the heist There is no officially correct order to watch the series, with these being some of the preferred options.  Kaleidoscope is airing on Netflix now.