The man charged with the brutal murder of four university students in Idaho used heroin in the years before the bloody murders. Bryan Kohberger's former friend and colleague said he "got high" with the accused killer a "couple of times" before he believes he got clean and went on to study at university. Rich Pasqua said he helped get Kohberger a job at a pizza shop and worked with him for a while. He described the accused murderer as just your "average guy" while speaking with Fox News host Lawrence Jones on Saturday's 'Cross Country'. Mr Pasqua said: "I met him through some friends and they told me that he was a little weird and he was a little socially awkward, I guess you could say, but he wasn't a bad guy. "He needed a job, so I worked at a pizza shop at that time and they were hiring and I said, ‘Yeah, come on in and apply.’ And he did, and he got the job. So I worked with him for a little bit, but he was quiet, though." Mr Pasqua claimed he and Kohberger were both heroin addicts. He said: "I got six years clean now. I work in treatment and everything, but back then I was using. And so that's how I know for a fact he was using. I've got high with him a couple of times and used with him." Two of his other former friends, from school, backed up claims Kohberger was a heroin user. Casey Arntz and Bree, who asked to keep their surnames private, said Kohberger was "self-destructive" and started using heroin in the years before the horrific slayings. READ MORE: 'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho house Mr Pasqua said Kohberger must have got off heroin and "cleaned up" for him to go on and study at university. He said: "I haven't heard from him in so long, and then I heard about this and they said that he was going to college. "I said, I haven't heard from him. I guess that's what he's been doing. He must have cleaned up, I know he was in and out of rehab a couple of times, but he really did, he cleaned up and was going to college all these years." Mr Pasqua's wife went to school with Koberger, who had gone on to study a master's in criminal justice and was pursuing a PhD in criminology before he was arrested for the murders of four University of Idaho students.   He is accused of killing Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Maddie Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, who were stabbed to death in their off-campus home in Moscow, Idaho. Mr Pasqua said: "They [his wife and Kohberger] graduated together and she doesn't remember him ever having a girlfriend, and I don't remember him ever having a girlfriend and he didn't have many friends. So he, like, would do anything to fit in and would do, like, you know, he just wanted to be liked by everybody. "But he wasn't a bad kid, like, you know, he was alright. And I knew his sister. I went to school with his sister and I knew his father worked for the school. And I believe his mother did, too. "But his family, they were just, they were all nice people. And, you know, his dad was always really nice to me. Very polite, but, I just — I never thought that he would do something like that." Officials have not yet disclosed a motive or a connection between Bryan Kohberger and the victims. 