Lana Jenkins made her Love Island debut on Monday alongside nine other Islanders. The Luton-based make-up artist has spoken out about her acting experience, admitting she would never return to it ahead of entering the South African villa for the ITV2 reality show. Lana opened up with Express.co.uk and other publications about being filmed in the villa for the series. She said: "It’s a weird concept to be in front of the camera but I am sure I will get used to it." "I’ll just be myself but it’s a weird thing to think of myself being on TV," she continued. "I think I have a bit of imposter syndrome, you know when you are like, ‘Should I actually be here? What’s going on?’" READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz When asked about her career prospects, Lana ruled out returning to acting. "No more acting work, no," the make-up artist stressed as she described her brief stint on Benidorm. Lana featured on the first-ever episode of the ITV series when she was a child. Lana quipped: "I think it was literally like one second and you will miss it on the first ever episode [of Benidorm].  "I must have been about 2ft tall so you probably would not even recognise me." Lana revealed the opportunity arose as she was living in Spain at the time with her family. "We grew up in Spain, I lived there for about nine or 10 years, I don’t know how far away from [Benidorm]. "I have seen the clip and sometimes my family puts it on [the television]." DON'T MISS...Love Island bombshell Zara shared a heartfelt message on her birthday [UPDATE]Love Island's Anna-May issued warning over x-rated behaviour in villa [EXCLUSIVE]Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [REACTION] Lana is fluent in Spanish and moved there when she was about four years old. She said regarding the Love Island contestants: "If I can find someone else who can speak fluent Spanish that would be great as we can do code together. "Hopefully, I will be able to use it. It’s like a little sexy thing for boys so maybe I can use it if I don’t feel like I am getting enough attention." Lana said she became fluent in Spanish within six months after she was moved to a Spanish-speaking school.  On Tuesday night's instalment of Love Island Lana had to choose the Islander she fancied the most around the firepit. Rather than choose Ron Hall, who she was coupled up with, she selected Shaq Muhammad. When she stood in front of Shaq she ripped her skirt while dancing in front of him. Speaking about the mishap, she said: "My skirt split right open, right down the middle of my crack." Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm. 