Premier League clubs chasing Rafael Leao's signature have been handed a significant boost in their hopes of signing the highly-rated Portugal international as he's reportedly demanding a release clause in any new contract, which he wants to be just £61million. Leao is regarded as one of the brightest talents in the Serie A having played a key role in helping Milan win their first top-flight title in over 10 years last season. He's continued that excellent form this campaign with eight goals and six assists so far. Milan have been desperate to tie down the talented 23-year-old to a new contract for several months now. It was thought that a few months ago Leao was leaning towards signing a new deal, but new reports in Italy indicate there has been a breakdown in negotiations. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Milan have offered Leao a new four-year contract. But the £130million release clause in that new contract has reportedly put Leao off signing on the dotted line. The forward is said to be hoping that the release clause be more than halved to a fee in the region of £61m.  Milan are said to have put their foot down in not giving into Leao's demands, suggesting talks have broken down. He has just 18 months left on his current contract, meaning interested parties could strike a bargain in the near future. Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal have all been linked with a move for the Portuguese winger in recent weeks. Both Arsenal and Chelsea have already signed wingers this month with Leandro Trossard and Mykhaylo Mudryk respectively.  But Leao is regarded as an elite talent bound to join another European giant in the near future and the battle for his signature is set to be fierce. United are expected to be busy in the summer transfer window and improving Erik ten Hag's attacking line is said to be a priority. Leao does play on the same wing as Marcus Rashford though, who has hit a rich vein of form since the season resumed after the World Cup. The England international has scored 10 goals in his last 11 matches to become United's main focal point in attack. Wout Weghorst was signed this month on a short-term loan from Burnley to help provide another option in the central attacking position.