Kamala Harris has been keeping Republicans eager to impeach Joe Biden at bay with fears of her succeeding the US President in the White House, it has been suggested. The Vice President is the first in the line of succession if POTUS is removed from office either because of illness, death or congressional proceedings. Republican Lauren Boebert believes Biden is using Harris's poor popularity as an "insurance policy" to ensure there are no attempts to oust him from office. Boebert said: "Kamala Harris is Biden’s shrewd insurance policy. "Joe Biden has failed the American people, and he’s keeping some members from calling for impeachment by having a historically unpopular vice president." She told Fox News Digital: "Both have failed to faithfully uphold and execute the law, and both should be held fully accountable." Express.co.uk has contacted both President Biden and Vice President Harris's offices for comment. JUST IN: Republicans blast Biden cheeseburger stunt as Democrat Party spirals into chaos A YouGov popularity poll of 1,214 American voters conducted between January 14 and January 17 found 52 percent of respondents had an unfavourable view of the Vice President. Harris has been assigned one of the thorniest issues facing the Biden administration as she was handed the immigration brief within days of the President being inaugurated in 2021. But her perceived lack of action has attracted the criticism of the Border Force, whose members have accused the federal government of failing to intervene to tackle the persistent flux of immigrants putting pressure on the border. And Biden has been weathering a storm of his own as he faces demands for more clarity over the discovery of classified documents dating back to his days in the Obama administration at his home and private office. READ MORE: What is the debt ceiling and will it affect you? Biden refuses to back down on limit The White House announced only last week that the Biden legal team had discovered files marked as classified at his Penn Biden Center office in Washington DC. Special counsel Richard Sauber confirmed the White House and relevant authorities had been alerted as soon as documents were found. He later confirmed further files were discovered at the President's private residence in Delaware. An additional five pages of a classified nature were then found on Saturday. After the initial disclosure, the President, 80, said he was “briefed about this discovery and surprised to learn that there are any government records that were taken there to that office”. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST] Biden said he takes the handling of classified documents very seriously. He has not commented publicly on the further existence of documents. White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre insisted that the President was focused on his job. Jean-Pierre said: “He wants to make sure that he’s continuing to deliver for the American people." White House counsel’s office spokesman Ian Sams told reporters the White House was releasing information it deemed “appropriate". Sams said the White House was trying to be mindful of the “risk” in sharing information “that's not complete”. He added: “We’re endeavouring to be as transparent and informative to you all in the media, to the public, as we can consistent with respecting the integrity of an ongoing Justice Department investigation."