Manchester United lost in the Premier League for the first time since November, with Arsenal beating them 3-2 at the Emirates Stadium. Marcus Rashford put the Red Devils ahead, only for Eddie Nketiah and Bukayo Saka to strike for the Gunners. Lisandro Martinez's header looked to have earned his side a point - But Nketiah struck again at the death. Express Sport will now take a look at four things we learned. At the beginning of the season, many were surprised and critical of United's decision to spend £47million on Martinez. Not least Jamie Carragher, with the Sky Sports pundit claiming the Argentina international was too short to play in the Premier League after a 4-0 thumping at the hands of Brentford. But Carragher has been proven wrong, with Martinez's header in the second half sending out a message that he well and truly belongs at this level. The centre-back's leap to guide the ball into the net was impressive, especially when you consider how many bodies were in the Gunners box. Nobody is questioning United's decision to sign Martinez now and his impressive block to deny Martin Odegaard was another memorable moment, too. Overall, he was unlucky to be on the losing side and was the Red Devils' best player on the day. United have seen Antony score five goals across all competitions since his summer arrival from Ajax, having paid a huge £86million for the Brazil international. But his decision-making has been infuriating at times and that was evident again this afternoon. Antony has talent and trickery in abundance, that much is clear. Yet he too often makes errors in the final third and he was a weak link in the Red Devils' attack. Alejandro Garnacho already seems to be ahead of his team-mate in that area of his game and the Argentine was unlucky not to start. Ten Hag would perhaps be wise to tinker and Jadon Sancho will be another strong option once the United star is deemed physically and mentally ready to return. At the beginning of the campaign, many were calling for Rashford to be sold after he'd struggled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. However, nobody is scrutinising the 25-year-old now. Rashford took his goal excellently in the first half, bamboozling Gabriel with some fine trickery before rifling an unstoppable shot into the bottom corner. It means he's now bagged 17 goals across all competitions, too. Without him, United would certainly struggle to find the net. Rashford is currently one of the best players in world football, not just the Premier League. If he carries on at this rate then he'll be a guaranteed contender to be named Premier League player of the season. How United could have done with Casemiro today. The Brazil international has arguably been United's player of the season, shining ever since his move from Real Madrid back in the summer. And had Casemiro been available for today's game, then United would undoubtedly have benefitted. Whisper it quietely, they certainly wouldn't have lost. The game was chaotic at times and Scott McTominay, while a decent enough player, simply doesn't have the same aura in the middle of the park. In Thomas Partey, he was up against someone stronger and better. United brought on Fred to help McTominay but both players pale in comparison to Casemiro. His return in the next game will give Ten Hag's side a massive boost.