The long-running medical drama returned to screens at the start of January with viewers keen to see what’s in store for Nikki (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack (David Caves) after the duo seemed to get closer last series. Although all eyes will be on the two newbies Gabriel Folukoya (Aki Omoshaybi) and Velvy Schur (Alastair Michael) Viewers are about to see Dr Nikki and the team face more tough investigations in the upcoming 26th series along with the help of two new additions. One of which includes Velvy Schur, who is an Anatomical Pathology Technologist trainee who finds his feet throughout the series. Fans will learn Velvy recently left his ultra-Orthodox Jewish community and is now trying to find his own path in life. When speaking about his first few days on set, actor Alastair revealed he was extremely tired at the time of filming as it was taking place in the middle of his one-person show. READ MORE:EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist Alastair said: “On my first day on Silent Witness, I travelled to London from Hereford overnight to film for half a day. “Then in the afternoon, I had to travel to Bristol for three performances of the show. So what I remember above all else is being very tired! “Also the theatre show that I was doing was very physical, and I had picked a bit of an injury in Hereford. “So on my first day on set, I was nursing a neck injury.” However, despite having a wounded neck, the actor revealed he was still excited and nervous to be joining the BBC show. He added: “I remember almost immediately forgetting where I’d put my water bottle on set because I was so overwhelmed by everything. “But it was great. Everyone was so lovely and welcoming. That was the first time it felt really real.” When speaking about what he’ll take away from playing Velvy on Silent Witness, the actor confessed it allowed him to connect to his personal Jewish roots. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [ROYAL] Call the Midwife viewers 'work out' Lucille Anderson's exit [REACTION] Bridgerton season 3 filming ‘postponed’ after 'dark' storyline axed [INSIGHT]  He said: “I am Jewish, but I grew up not being strongly connected to a Jewish community. “Playing Velvy has given me a real opportunity to reconnect more deeply with my own sense of Jewishness. That's something I'll always remember.” With the first part of the show kicking off on January 2, a summary of what viewers can expect to see has been released. It reads: “A man is thrown from a high-rise building, an incident that may be connected to a notorious organised crime syndicate. “Aided by the National Crime Agency, Nikki and her team set about uncovering the truth. “As they descend deeper into the murky depths of the investigation, Nikki soon finds herself caught in the organisation's web, with deadly consequences.” The second part of the episode continues on Tuesday, January 3 at 9pm on BBC One. Episode three will then air next Monday at the same time with the second part continuing the following day. Silent Witness continues Tuesday, January 3 at 9pm on BBC One.