Felix Auger-Aliassime has laughed off talk of a supposed 'Netflix curse' affecting the Australian Open, with a number of players who featured in Netfllix's new 'Break Point' documentary series already out of the tournament. The series focused on ten different players and eight of them are already out of the Australian Open before round three. Nick Kyrgios, Paula Badosa and Ajla Tomljanovic all withdrew before the tournament began due to injury, while Casper Ruud, Ons Jabeur, Taylor Fritz and Thanasi Kokkinakis lost in the second round. Matteo Berrettini was knocked out by Andy Murray in the first round, leaving Auger-Aliassime and Maria Sakkari as the series' only featured stars left in the tournament. Auger-Aliassime did come close to suffering a similar fate in his second round match against Alex Molcan. However, the 22-year-old Canadian produced a brilliant comeback win - from two sets behind - and is now set for a fourth round clash with Jiri Lehecka, who eliminated Britain's Cameron Norrie. And after Auger-Aliassime beat Francisco Cerundolo in the third round, he was asked about the supposed curse. JUST IN: Cam Norrie admits he 'peaked too early' after Australian Open exit "My girlfriend showed me today," Auger-Aliassime replied. "I wasn't aware. I was aware that players were losing, I'd see players were losing, but it didn't cross my mind until, yeah, she showed me the thing this morning. "I thought it was funny. I don't know. I don't think it's connected. I don't know. Maybe the players that lost, maybe they do feel like it's connected somehow. "I don't think they do. I don't think it's connected anyhow. But, yeah, so funny how things work out sometimes." DON'T MISSAndy Murray had just four-hour sleep after 4am Australian Open winAndy Murray startled Cam Norrie as Brit tipped for Aus Open title runCam Norrie falls short of copying Andy Murray in Aus Open exit Sakkari, who takes on Lin Zhu in the third round, also laughed off talk of the curse, saying: "I personally have to say that they only bring us luck, and I enjoyed my time with them because they are nice people. Trust me, they are very, very nice. "You know, if you let these thoughts and this energy affect you, then it's when bad luck comes. I would say that because they are all very nice and they are all very respectful, they have only brought me good luck."