Many cost-conscious families who have seen household budgets battered by the cost of living crisis will plump for all-inclusive deals in a bid to make their money go further. Travel agents are expecting an unprecedented rush this weekend and many have vowed to stay open seven-days-a-week to cater for insatiable demand.  Mark Tanzer, the chief executive of travel Association Abta, said: “The start of the year usually brings lots of enthusiasm for bookings and we know many people will be really looking forward to getting away. Appetite for holidays has remained remarkably resilient despite ongoing pressure on people’s finances, though there’s definitely a strong focus on securing great value for money.” Last night British Airways was offering seven nights at a slew of all-inclusive four-star resorts in Dalaman, Turkey, for £379 per person while those in the Caribbean could be snapped up for £779. EasyJet also got in on the act, promising customers they could save up to £300 on holidays until October next year <<2024>> with eat and drink as much as you like deals in Greece from £348, Spain from £400 and Portugal from £430. Dame Irene Hays, the owner of Hays Travel, the UK’s largest independent travel agent, said: “We are ready for a very busy weekend and the next six weeks - traditionally the busiest period of the year for holiday booking. “Our customers are looking for great value for money, exceptional customer service and the widest possible choice available from an independent travel agent.  “We are already seeing increased numbers of people enquiring and booking right up to Christmas 2024 and we’re ready to help whether it’s winter sunshine, a world cruise, family holidays or city breaks they’re looking for. “There are great bargains to be had and with current low deposits and direct debit to spread the cost it’s a great time to book.” Industry research shows two-thirds of Brits plan to head abroad this year with one-third saying they are expecting to book earlier than usual to get the best price for their holiday. Today is expected to be the busiest booking day for years now holidaymakers are no longer facing the burden of battling Covid travel restrictions. Bans were enforced after the pandemic struck in 2020 stopping many families from enjoying traditional summer breaks. But the draconian restrictions have only reinforced a lust for travel with many promising to prioritise a holiday ahead of any other discretionary spending, like eating out or new cars.  Short and mid-haul destinations like Spain and Turkey remain red hot, but destinations including Mexico, Thailand and Australia are long-haul favourites. Balearic tourism minister Iago Negueruela said: “The islands are much more than sun and beach. They are the ideal destination. Over the last few years, we have been increasing our proposition and have developed more experiences in three niches: active, gastronomy and culture as well as authentic villages and beautiful landscapes.” Industry experts predict roughly one in three of the UK population will head for foreign shores in a desperate attempt to banish the misery of successive lockdowns. Many want to go away for more than seven nights to make up for lost time, with 10 and 14-night holidays firm favourites. In response to the cost-of-living crisis, Turkey is one of the fastest-growing travel destinations due to the exceptional value for money it offers, as the Turkish lira tanks against the pound.  In an example of the pent-up demand for travel in the post-Covid world, some five million Brits left the misery of winter behind and headed abroad over Christmas and New Year. The Canaries, southern Spain, Turkey, Portugal, Egypt,Jamaica, Barbados, the Dominican Republic, Dubai and Mexico were the most popular destinations for fleeing families. More than three million passengers, both arriving and departing, passed through Heathrow in the final two weeks of last year. By the time most set off this summer more than 1,200 days will have passed since Britain was plunged into its first lockdown. In the last peak season, Portugal was the only realistic southern European sunspot on the UK approved list. Travellers to Spain, France, Greece and Malta had to self-isolate for up to 10 days after returning home. The UK lost £320 million for each day the US and the Caribbean remained off limits. BA could fly to only around five of 30 US cities.  ● 7 nights all-inclusive at Blue Sea Montevista-Hawai in Lloret de Mar, Costa Brava, Spain from £243 per person with loveholidays ● 7 nights all-inclusive at four-star AluaSun Cala Antena in Mallorca, Spain for £379 per person with British Airways ● 7 nights all-inclusive at four-star Royal Garden Beach Hotel in Alanya, Antalya, Turkey, from £441 per person with easyJet ● 7 nights all-inclusive at four-star Club Marmara Dar Atlas, Marrakech, Morocco, from £467 per person with British Airways ● 7 nights all-inclusive at the four-star Impressive Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, from £779 per person with British Airways * Prices correct as of January 6 