It is clear to see from the body language of Joao Felix that he is ready to embrace a new challenge after three-and-a-half rollercoaster seasons with Atletico Madrid. The nimble Portuguese attacker is a luxury player in many ways, a unique talent worthy of building any team around but that is not something ever likely to materialise at the Wanda Metropolitano - certainly while hard-nosed tactician Diego Simeone remains in charge.  Tonight in Atletico's 1-0 La Liga defeat to Barcelona, Felix looked disinterested in attack. There is evidently undeniable frustration at the lack of quality service he receives while in the final third. Atletico are what they are; a dogged outfit that would rather outrun and out-battle their opponents as opposed to outclass them. Felix simply does not belong here, certainly if you are tasking him with leading the line. It's been a baptism of fire for the £113million signing in La Liga and at times, you could be forgiven for wondering whether he selected the right club when departing his boyhood club Benfica. But one thing is clear. He now looks like a player in desperate need of a change of scenery and the deterioration of his relationship with head coach Simeone has evidently not helped his cause to fulfil his potential with Atletico. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE This is where a potential gamble from Arsenal comes into play this January after the Gunners opened talks with Jorge Mendes over a loan swoop for the technical forward. On the basis of Felix's performance here against Barcelona, they would be signing a player short of confidence and in need of some playing time before he is firing on all cylinders. Arsenal cannot give him that at the moment. The current reality in north London is that Mikel Arteta wants to sign some reinforcements that can help his side from the bench and in the event of injury. Felix would more than likely have to settle for a bit-part role to begin with unless he could successfully leapfrog Eddie Nketiah in the Arsenal attacking pecking order and that would only be until Gabriel Jesus returns. DON'T MISSArsenal submit Joao Felix request with Jorge Mendes after opening loan transfer talksMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced'  This is where a potential gamble from Arsenal comes into play this January after the Gunners opened talks with Jorge Mendes over a loan swoop for the technical forward. On the basis of Felix's performance here against Barcelona, they would be signing a player short of confidence and in need of some playing time before he is firing on all cylinders. Arsenal cannot give him that at the moment. The current reality in north London is that Mikel Arteta wants to sign some reinforcements that can help his side from the bench and in the event of injury. Felix would more than likely have to settle for a bit-part role to begin with unless he could successfully leapfrog Eddie Nketiah in the Arsenal attacking pecking order and that would only be until Gabriel Jesus returns. At the same time, there are also huge positives in Felix's clear desire to change clubs this winter. It provides Arsenal with the encouragement that they can get this deal done should they be willing to pay up. The player is ready to turn over a new leaf, in a new division and country to ensure he starts enjoying his football once again after a sad demise at Atletico following the 2020/21 La Liga title success. On the other hand, Arsenal will also be mindful that this loan deal feels like a major risk - particularly given the numbers involved. Atletico are thought to be demanding in excess of £13m to agree to a loan move this winter - a ridiculous sum for a six-month deal.  That is without even considering Felix's £250,000 per week wages, that Arsenal would be expected to cover. Felix needs to be part of a team that plays a particular style of technical football to his strengths. Arsenal can certainly be that club but while the shoe may fit from the outset, there are specific logistics that suggest this could be an opportunity worth swerving. This is where Arsenal need to be brave because the reward would certainly be worth it if Arteta was able to work some magic as the Gunners dream of winning the Premier League title. A statement January transfer window could prove the difference between staying ahead of Manchester City and falling behind between now and May.