The mass in question was being held for Fresia Calderon, 50, and her daughter, Sara Sanchez, 20 who died from leukaemia last year. More than 300 people had gathered to pay their respects. Reports suggest a man who helped a Colombian cartel deliver cocaine into the UK was the target for the gunman, detained hours after the shooting occurred on Saturday afternoon as mourners left the church to watch the release of doves. Among the six people injured in the attack was a seven-year-old girl who has not been named. Video footage that went viral on social media showed mourners fleeing the church with people screaming "We need to go". It has since emerged that the former husband of Calderone, Carlos Arturo Sanchez-Coronado, was jailed in 2009 for helping launder money into the UK for Colombia's Cali cartel.  Such was the influence of the Cali cartel that the price of cocaine rose by 50 percent after it was taken aparrt. Sanchez-Coronado is believed to have played a minor role in his function as a money launderer. After arrest, he became the first person to be extradited from the UK back to Colombia. Pleading guilty at Southwark Crown Court, he was jailed for fieve and half a years along with other UK based gang members.After release, he returned to South America and died in his mid-50s. As police begin their investigation, there are a growing number of questions about the motive behind the attack. One leading theory is that the gunman may have been undertaking a revenge plot, but Scotland Yard has said it will not discuss motives. Meanwhile, attentions have turned to those injured in the attack, including a seven-year-old girl. She remains in a stable condition in a local hospital. Another girl, 12, was also struck in the leg. However, she is expected to make a full recovery. Four others were treated, with one suffering potentially life changing injuries according to the police.  Meanwhile, the priest attending the service, Father Jeremy Trood spoke of what occurred inside the church. Speaking to Sky, he said: "I was inside the church and suddenly there was an enormous bang and people rushed back into the church screaming and saying shots had been fired. "There are no words that can describe what had happened and I can't imagine why anybody could possibly do such a thing. There were hundreds of people in the church coming out. It was pandemonium." He talked of how some sought safety inside the church as the gunman opened fire: "They were very scared, people sheltered in the church until the police said they can leave, but some of them were so scared they had to wait a while to get their confidence back up to go outside" In a statement, the London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: This is a deeply distressing incident and my thoughts are with those who were injured and their families. A police investigation is now under way and I am in close contact with the Met Police to determine what happened. I urge anyone with information to call 101, giving the reference 3357/14JAN. Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111."