Meghan Markle and Prince Harry The new survey showed 45 percent of respondents now support plans for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles to be removed. Prince Harry received the title upon his marriage to Meghan Markle in 2018. He was also made the Earl of Dumbarton and Baron Kilkeen. By virtue of her marriage, Meghan is also entitled to use the feminine version of the titles and she would still remain The Princess Henry if they were removed as Harry's status as a Prince of the United Kingdom would not be affected by any changes. The support for the couple to be stripped of their ducal titles marks a net swing compared to only December 5, when an earlier poll by the company showed 43 percent of respondents wanted them to remain the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. JUST IN: Charles’s May Coronation will be ‘half the size of Queen’s’ as new details revealed In the poll, conducted for Newsweek, only 26 percent is now in favour of Meghan and Harry's status remaining unchanged while 28 percent "don't know" whether the King should take steps to strip them of the titles. Under the current rules, King Charles III would require Parliament to table a new legislation proposal requesting the removal of the titles, and for it to clear all stages of the parliamentary process before giving his assent. The popularity drop in the United States follows the exponential plunge towards negative figures Harry and Meghan have been experiencing in the UK. While the royal pair retained a strong level of support in the immediate aftermath of their departure, the figures have slowly careened to the bottom. An Ipsos Mori poll conducted this week showed the Duke of Sussex's 70 percent popularity rate had dropped to only 23 percent, with over half of respondents admitting to having an unfavourable opinion of the royal. The Duchess of Susses suffered a similar fate, with 55 percent of survey respondents holding a negative view of the royal. READ MORE: Moonpig launches Prince Harry-inspired cards ahead of Valentine's Day The stark U-turn in opinion follows a busy month for both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as the couple saw their first major Netflix project released and Harry's memoir being published. The couple opened up further about their rift with senior members of the Royal Family, and Prince Harry focussing part of his book on his decades-long rivalry with his "arch-nemesis", Prince William. He also shed further insight into the skirmish between Meghan and Kate, the Princess of Wales over flower girls' arrangements made for their wedding in 2019. The Duchess and Princess of Wales have been dogged by persistent rumours about the origin of the rift, with Meghan seeking to offer some clarifications during their first interview with Oprah Winfrey two years ago. DON'T MISS:William should make a statement in a 'regal manner' [EXPERT]William takes back control on trip close to heart after Harry's book [PICS]Harry issued plea over Lili and Archie after airing dirty royal linen [LIVEBLOG]  She dismissed suggestions claiming she had made Kate cry, revealing the then-Duchess of Cambridge had been the one to bring her to tears. Meghan said Kate had later offered her flowers and apologised. But in Spare, Prince Harry candidly admitted the Duchess later enraged both the Prince and Princess of Wales by dismissing her behaviour as the result of "baby brain." Kate had only recently given birth to her youngest son, Prince Louis, when the exchange is claimed to have happened. The Duke claimed Kate hit back at Meghan's comment pointing out "we are not close enough for you to talk about my hormones" as she demanded an apology. He wrote: "Meg’s eyes got wide too. She looked genuinely confused. ‘I’m sorry I talked about your hormones. That’s just how I talk with my girlfriends."