NCIS Hawaii season two is well underway with the main cast from series one all returning for the new episodes, including Agent Jesse Boone (played by Noah Mills). He used to work as a police officer in Washington before training at FLETC and getting recruited by NCIS' Hawaiian headquarters. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about actor Mills, including his height. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Agent Jesse Boone is portrayed by Canadian actor and model Noah Mills. Back in 2014, he was ranked as one of the Top 10 Male Models of All Time by Vogue.com. In terms of his acting work, Mills has been in Sex and the City 2, 2 Broke Girls, The Brave, The Enemy Within and The Baker and the Beauty. Two years ago, he was also behind Nico in The Falcon and the Winter Soldier on Disney+. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap NCIS Hawaii star Noah Mills is 1.88m tall, which is equivalent to almost 6ft 2in. He is believed to tower above most of his co-stars, including David Sola star Beulah Koale who is 5ft 8in and Alex Tarrant actor Kai Holman who is reportedly 5ft 7in. Meanwhile, Mills' female co-stars, actress Vanessa Lachey is 5ft 7in and Tori Anderson who is 5ft 8in. Yasmine Al-Bustami, who is behind Agent Lucy Tara, is the shortest among them at 5ft 3in. Earlier this month, Mills was part of the NCIS franchise's first-ever three-way crossover. The casts of NCIS, NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS Hawaii all mixed, working together on an investigation that impacted them all. Talking to Looper, the 39-year-old opened up on what it was like shooting these episodes. He said: "A lot of times when you're on a show, you don't get the opportunity to be part of a universe like that. "It's cool that CBS and Paramount are feeling free and loose to mix us." DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION]NCIS' Agent Dale Sawyer actor Zane Holtz has four children [CAST]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Alex and Cassandra split ‘sealed’  [THEORY] Mills continued: "We are all in the same show in the same universe. I was excited. Wilmer's [Valderrama] amazing. "That guy's been in the business forever, so as a fan and somebody who got to work with him, to see how he works and to hear about how they do stuff at the 'NCIS' mothership, it was really cool. It was a nice break. It's new blood. "Katrina [Law] was amazing, too. It was fun to mix the shows and know that we can do that again in the future." NCIS Hawaii season 2, episode 12, is entitled Shields Up and will air on Monday, January 23. The synopsis reads: "When an elite special forces Marine captain is murdered, the NCIS team finds a suspect in a really unusual place." After this, NCIS Hawaii will be taking a one-week break before returning on Monday, February 3. NCIS Hawaii is available to watch on CBS in the USA.