A mum says her complained after claiming her 10-year-old son is constantly coming home hungry due to being fed "tiny" portions that "wouldn't fill a five-year-old". Leanne Pengelly has slammed the meals at her son's school, and has released a picture showing a paltry-sized lunch consisting of just potatoes, veg and gravy. Her son, who goes to Millbrook Primary School in Newport, North Wales, is eligible for free school meals which are subsidised by the government.  But Leanne, 43, was furious when she realised how small the portions were after picking her child up early from school one day. “My son wasn’t well so I went to pick him up from school and they gave him his lunch to eat and I was shocked at how little there was," she said.  "He has always said the meals are small, and he's starving when he gets in from school." The mum says she has since raised her concerns with school staff, with one teacher suggesting she would raise the issue with her local council. "I brought it up with Millbrook a few years back, but nothing got done and I had never seen the size of them," she added. "My son gets free school meals, but it costs me extra money to go out and buy stuff for packed lunches because he's so hungry. "After picking him up from school I had to make him more food because he was still so hungry, so I can't imagine how he must feel every day at school. "He is a 10-year-old boy and they wouldn’t fill a five-year-old up.”  READ MORE: Australian Open bans all Russian flags while play stopped for hours Children at the school are currently being taught at the former Brynglas Adult Training Centre two miles away from the original site, there is no confirmation on when they can return. A spokesperson for Millbrook Primary School and Newport City Council said: “All school meals supplied by Newport City Council’s contracted catering company have to meet Welsh Government’s quality standards. “They are nutritious, freshly cooked and affordable. We are sorry this parent felt this meal, which included a pudding, was insufficient but we would urge her to raise her concerns directly with the school. “The school sent the meal home with the child, who was unwell, as a gesture of goodwill. It is not something they are legally required to do.” 