Prince Harry has admitted to taking cocaine, cannabis and magic mushrooms, adding that the drugs allowed him to see “truth”, a news report has claimed. The Duke's revelation is one of many to emerge as excerpts from his memoir, Spare, were released on Thursday.  The Telegraph reported that he claimed that under their influence, he was able to see there was “another world where the red mist didn’t exist”, adding that the that drugs had helped him both escape and “redefine” reality. He revealed that after the drugs wore off, he was still able to see this other world that was "just as real and twice as beautiful”, reinforcing his belief that “this is not all there is”. According to The Telegraph, the Duke also cited various incidents where he has taken drugs. The memoir has gone on sale in Spain, where the Telegraph bought a Spanish language version.   The report claimed that Prince Harry described smoking joints on multiple occasions. However, it also shared details of his many conflicts with the tabloid press, which the Duke felt was “hunting” him. The report claimed that in the memoir, Harry alleged that one editor would not stop until his “balls were nailed to her office wall”. The report also mentioned an incident in January 2016, where Prince Harry said that he went to California with friends and found himself getting drunk on tequila and taking magic mushrooms. The Duke recounted how he started hallucinating, believing a bin in a bathroom was staring at him before growing a head. READ MORE: The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews  The lavatory then also became a head and began talking to him, the report claimed. The Duke said he had "taken cocaine" during a shooting weekend in the summer of 2002 when he was 17 and did "a few more lines" on other occasions, according to the Times. He claimed it was not fun and it did not make him feel as happy as it seemed to make others. However, it did make him feel different, which was his main goal. Previously, the Duke of Sussex has described using drink and drugs to mask the pain he felt when his mother died. DON'T MISS:Firm's silence will make Harry's Megxit memoir 'shallow storyline' [INSIGHT]Russia announces temporary truce in major Ukraine war turning point [SPOTLIGHT]Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan to tie knot on June 1  [REVEAL] During his bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, he had said: "I was willing to drink. “I was willing to take drugs. “I was willing to try and do the things that made me feel less like I was feeling." 