Wrexham went up against Sheffield United in Sunday night's FA Cup match, with supporters on both sides watching with bated breath, including Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds. Many were delighted to see the actor in the stands, getting worked up throughout the game which ended with a draw. But not everyone seems to be as happy for the 46-year-old's popularity and success. BBC Breakfast host Jon Kay, Sally Nugent and sports presenter John Watson were sat on the iconic red sofas this morning, discussing the events of last night's match. "It's great, who would have predicted it?" John commented. "These two guys from Hollywood, bowl up, buy up this club with such a rich history but perhaps feeling a little down on their luck and they seem to be turning it all around. "Yesterday, with this FA Cup tie they had with Sheffield United, a team that's 70 places above them, it really was a Hollywood script writer's dream, wasn't it? "And they came so close to what would have been a memorable outset." READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show The sports journalist went on to point out Reynold's wife tweeting about watching her husband at the match. He said: "We know it's a family affair football, Blake Lively, Hollywood actress, Ryan's wife, said she bought the game in the States to watch live, just to see her husband 'experience crippling anxiety live'. And it was worth it clearly!" The three hosts went on to discuss how popular Reynolds had become since buying the club and openly showing his enthusiasm and support for the game. Sally commented "not that many" football club owners had such a big fan base as him. John agreed: "I know and only growing in popularity, I think with every kind of waking moment." BBC Breakfast's Jon then joked under his breath: "It makes you sick, doesn't it?" They all laughed with Sally questioning, "Do you hate him?" The sports journalist then went on to sarcastically state: "I know, what is it about the Hollywood star and the millions in the bank and the lovely family life and the humour and the comedy he brings." Shutting down the conversation, Sally added: "Alright lads, alright." DON'T MISS...Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly [CAST]Gorka Marquez addresses 'furious' reaction to Strictly result [EXPLAINER]Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [UPDATE] Reynolds and McElhenney purchased the club two years ago and now their journey from Hollywood to football will be told through a Disney+ documentary called Welcome to Wrexham. In the documentary, the Deadpool actor revealed he decided to invest more than two million euros into the project for a very personal reason. He said: “The main area of life where I got the most support from my father was when he was good at sports. "So I played sports way past the point where I was really motivated to do it just to get their buy-in. My father has been dead for years, but these things don’t go away. "I’m sure he would have thought that all this was crazy,” he added. Tweeting his experience of the match last night, Reynolds posted: "When @RMcElhenney and I got into all this it felt so impossible. "But impossible is @Wrexham_AFC's favourite colour. That was one of the most exciting things I've ever seen. "Thank you to each and every Wrexham supporter who came out and aimed your heart at that pitch tonight."