On Monday, the characters from all three shows of the NCIS franchise appeared on screen together for the very first time. The three-hour crossover proved to be a success as millions of fans tuned in to the record-breaking instalment.  After months of anticipation, NCIS, NCIS Hawaii and NCIS LA found themselves in the same room for a multi-office team-up. The agents were in Washington DC at the retirement party of a beloved FLETC instructor who wound up dead and it was up to the team to investigate the mysterious death. The first episode was part of NCIS season 20 and saw the agents jockeying for power as Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) was the special agent in charge of the entire Pacific Rim. Yet, LA’s Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and Callen (Chris O’Donnell) gave Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) permission to move the body. READ MORE:  GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash    NCIS fans were undoubtedly thrilled to see the major crossover as many took to social media to share their glee. In December, there was disappointment when bosses confirmed the episodes had to be pushed back, however, this seemingly re-ignited the excitement as millions turned to CBS. According to TV Line, the crossover kicked off with 7.7 million total viewers and a 0.5 demo rating. NCIS completely smashed its ratings record for the current season and was the largest audience since October 2021.   As the special continued, NCIS Hawaii kept the momentum with 7.2 million viewers and a 0.5 demo rating, also a new record for the spin-off. NCIS LA concluded the crossover with 6.7 million fans tuned in, making it the largest audience for the show since April 2020. While the agents were able to get to the bottom of Dale Harding’s (Robert Picardo) death, things took a turn during NCIS Hawaii. Tennant and Palmer arrived on the island with black bags over their heads and tossed into a cell where Sam was being held.  DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]NCIS LA boss explains reason for Hetty’s return [INSIGHT]NCIS' crossover saw the agents investigate Simon Williams [INSIGHT] They were met with CIA agent Melina Devlin (Dawn Olivieri) who wanted to interrogate the NCIS team. The agents soon learned they were dealing with a deep fake after Alden Parker (Gary Cole) and Jesse (Noah Mills) find Mel Cano's body in the trunk, and then they're approached by CIA agent Melina Devlin. However, it was a different Melina Devlin (Maya Stojan) from the one with the kidnapped agents. She lied and told them she was running an off-books op to track the rogue agents who carried out the kidnapping of their teammates.   The mysterious case continued over on NCIS LA where Fatima (Medalion Rahimi) and Roundtree (Caleb Castille) found themselves under gunfire. They were dispatched to Kilbride's (Gerard McRaney) impersonal house and attacked by gunmen who captured Roundtree and left Fatima shaken. Thankfully a familiar voice returned to help the team, as Sam and Callen unlocked a cryptic text which unveiled Hetty Lange’s (Linda Hunt) secret message. With her help, the agents were able to her lead to find Roundtree and Kilbride. NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the US. Season 20 premieres on January 18, 2023, on Disney+ in the UK.  