A body language expert has claimed that the Duke of Sussex's nonverbal communication shows he is more "relaxed", compared to previous interviews with Meghan Markle. Prince Harry appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert amid the worldwide release of Spare. During his appearance, the 38-year-old delved deeper into topics from his new tell-all memoir. Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, body language expert Darren Stanton said: "I have found that Harry appears a lot more relaxed and humorous while doing interviews on his own. "He seems to be a lot more on edge when he’s around Meghan." He added: "While I don’t think this is down to Meghan’s presence, I think it is natural for Harry to go into protective mode around his wife. "He is obviously concerned about any questions she may be asked and what approach the interview may take.” READ MORE: Prince Harry told he is ‘missing the point’ after being handed ‘working royal privilege’ Speaking of Harry, Mr Stanton added: "Harry is very good at conveying his thoughts and feelings and opinions in a coherent way, especially when it comes to talking about his time in the military. "There were some other interesting moments throughout the course of the interview, including when Harry started to discuss the negativity he’s received from some of the public." He added: "He flashed massive contempt at this point, which was indicated by his one-sided smile. "His body posture came across as extremely open and he displayed lots of open palm gestures, which is a psychological gesture to denote honesty." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Charles urged to ‘cut off’ Harry and Meghan as US to ‘lose interest’ Prince Harry also appeared in a number of other televised interviews to promote Spare. In the US, Harry sat down alongside Anderson Cooper, who asked about the difficulties the Duke and Duchess of Sussexes have faced with the Royal Family. Mr Cooper asked: “Why not renounce your titles as Duke and Duchess?” To which Harry responded: "What difference would that make?" DON'T MISS Prince Harry’s memoir made Royal Family ‘stronger and more respected’ (REVEAL)Has your opinion of the Royal Family changed since Spare? POLL (POLL)Harry barely conceals 'anger' over lies about Meghan (INSIGHT) Spare highlights Harry's life as a member of the Royal Family, starting from the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana, in 1997, up until the present day as a husband and father-of-two. The couple announced their decision to step down as senior royals in early 2020, before beginning a new life in the US with their two children.