Christian Horner has claimed Red Bull are “selective” about partnering with other companies as he opens up on a breakdown of talks with Porsche. Red Bull looked set to join forces with the iconic German manufacturer for 2026 but negotiations came to a close. Instead, Red Bull have decided to design their own power units when the new rules package is introduced. Speaking to RacingNews365, he said: “We're always going to be selective about the partners that we're going to want to work with. "I think that there's a commitment from the group with the engine up to 2030. We've made that commitment, and anybody that we work with will need to be there on merit and because it's the right fit, both technically and commercially." However, there are fears Red Bull Powertrains (RBPT) could be considered a new manufacturer and handed a range of benefits. New constructors like Audi are expected to be given extra funds and fewer constraints on the development of their power unit. READ MORE: Christian Horner moans about penalty as FIA back Red Bull into corner However, this could be seen as unfair considering Red Bull already has a technical partnership with Honda. This has led to opposition from rivals including Ferrari who are considering using their long-held F1 veto to ban RBPT. The Scuderia is understood to be so angry they have refused to sign up for F1’s 2026 engine regulations. The deadline for a supplier to confirm their entry into the 2026 power unit rules was set for October but was pushed back after little interest. By the end of November, Audi, Alpine, Honda, Mercedes and RBPT have all agreed. Red Bull’s Porsche deal collapsed back in September after disagreements over the future of the team. DON'T MISSRed Bull 2023 car details leaked after Horner comments. [INSIGHT]David Coulthard tells Christian Horner to expect more criticism [ANALYSIS]Helmut Marko opens up on effects of Red Bull's budget cap penalty  [COMMENT] Porsche had pushed for an equal partnership with Red Bull but this was denied. Horner stressed he was not happy to “diminish or dilute” the independence of the racing team with any deal. He has now conceded any new partnership with the championship winners had to play a vital role with the team and their new powertrains division. Horner added: "I think it's got to be able to bring something to the party. "It's got to complement the Red Bull brand. It's got to complement the Powertrains business and I think that they're the prerequisite to any potential partnership."