Richard Cordwell, 52, purchased the limited edition Rubik's Cube on ecommerce site eBay for £12. The Leeds native then went on to successfully sell the popular 3D puzzle for more than £1,000. Many people across the country are turning to websites, such as eBay, to carry out money making schemes. Mr Cordwell sold off the unique Rubik’s Cube which featured unique pictures of the Police, the frontman fronted by Sting. He made the decision to buy the Rubik's Cube online and quickly realised it was one of only 144 after doing some research. Upon making this discovery, the 52-year old chose to relist it on eBay and ended up making over 100 times what he had originally paid for the puzzle. Speaking about his money making endeavour, Mr Cordwell shared how his eBay sale was carried out. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come The online entrepreneur said: "The auction went crazy, especially in the last 10 seconds. It went from £560 to £1,028. “The guy I sold it to told me he had been looking for one for years. [He] was so happy to have it." Collecting puzzles has long been a hobby of Mr Cordwell since the 1980s, however, he started to explore it more seriously in the turn of the millennium. The collector saw the Police-branded Rubik's Cube in May 2022, and decided to roll the dice and buy it. He learned it was a rare collectable and was handed out during a promotion run in Smash Hit magazine during the eighties. In December 2022, Mr Cordwall put the Rubik’s Cube on eBay for a £50 minimum prize tag and quickly saw the price rise. The eBay seller added: “I collect sequential movement and twisty puzzles and I spotted this one on eBay. “I didn’t know much about it, but did some research and noticed the box was numbered 51 out of 144. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “They made 144 puzzles and 25 were given away to Smash Hits winners. We believe this to be one of them. “I bought it to have a look and then put it up on eBay and thought I’d be cheeky and list it for £50. It was quite exciting once I started getting silly and realising it was something special." After speaking to other fans and experts of puzzles, Mr Cordwell believes the final selling price may be record-breaking for a Rubik's Cube. Currently, the Masterpiece Cube is considered to be the world’s most expensive Rubik’s Cube and is priced at over £2million. However, Mr Cordwell believes the famous puzzle has been sold off which therefore potentially makes his sale the most expensive transaction. The collector explained: “I’ve been chatting to other Rubik’s Cube fans. We think [mine is] the most expensive Rubik's Cube that’s ever sold. “I don’t mind The Police - but I wouldn’t say I’m a huge fan. And I wouldn’t spend £1,000 on a Rubik’s cube to be honest.” Addressing the sale, a Guinness World Records spokesperson admitted that it does not monitor the world’s most expensive Rubik’s Cube.