Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly been 'banned' from making his Al-Nassr debut tomorrow night. Ronaldo was officially unveiled by Al-Nassr on Tuesday evening in front of a packed-out crowd.  And Ronaldo's arrival had sparked huge interest in Al-Nassr's next match against Al Ta'ee on Thursday. All 28,000 seats were reportedly sold with fans hoping to catch a glimpse of Ronaldo's potential debut. But the Daily Mail claim Ronaldo has been 'banned' from featuring in the Saudi Pro League clash. The report states that Ronaldo is still yet to serve the two-match ban imposed on him by the FA for smashing an Everton fan's phone back in April. The English FA had only decided on Ronaldo's punishment a day after the striker unceremoniously left Manchester United. Having not yet served the two-match ban, FIFA's rules state it will be carried over to his new club.  Article 12.1 of FIFA's Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players reads: "Any disciplinary sanction of up to four matches or up to three months that has been imposed on a player by the former association but not yet (entirely) served by the time of the transfer shall be enforced by the new association at which the player has been registered in order for the sanction to be served at domestic level." The FA's case against Ronaldo made reference to the possibility of Ronaldo leaving United back in November. In the 11-page document signed by Christopher Quinlan QC, it read: "We note the Player has participated in a recently published interview in which he has criticised MUFC. "We know not what effect that may nor will have on his future with that club nor whether it will take disciplinary action in respect thereof. The suspension we have imposed must have effect. "In other words, it applies to MUFC’s first team competitive matches for which he is eligible for selection. Should he leave MUFC before it completes two first team competitive matches the balance of the suspension will apply to any new club he should join." Ronaldo will now have to potentially wait until January 14 to make his debut when Al-Nassr play rivals Al-Shabab. The Portuguese sensation is still set to be paraded around the pitch in tomorrow's match as the report states that he wants to see his new team mates in action. Al-Nassr sit top of the Saudi Pro League and have former European league stats in their squad such as David Ospina, Alvaro Gonzalez, Talisca and Vincent Aboubakar. The Saudi side are aiming to win their first league title since 2019 this year, but the top five teams are all separated by just four points. 