Manchester United are continuing to be linked with a move for Joao Felix now the January transfer window is open. And the Red Devils are also being tipped to pursue goalkeeper Yann Sommer, especially in the wake of Martin Dubravka’s loan to Newcastle. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at how Erik ten Hag’s side could look if the pair arrive. United have seen David De Gea impress this season, with the Spain international keeping eight clean sheets from his last 11 outings. But, should Sommer be signed, the veteran’s time as No 1 could be over. The Switzerland international won’t want to leave Borussia Monchengladbach to be a deputy, especially as he enters the twilight years of his career. So, should he end up moving to Old Trafford, it’s possible he’d actually take De Gea’s spot between the sticks. The 34-year-old is also being linked with Bayern Munich but Monchengladbach would likely prefer to sell to United instead, or any other team outside of the Bundesliga. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United have seen Diogo Dalot shine this season, with the Portugal international a regular over the past year or so. And though Aaron Wan-Bissaka has done well in recent weeks, the right-back slot will surely be Dalot’s to lose once he returns from injury. Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez are Ten Hag’s first-choice centre-back pairing, with Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof regularly missing out. And Luke Shaw, at the current moment in time, seems more of a reliable pick than Tyrell Malacia. Malacia’s time will come in the future but, once everyone is fully fit, the United star is likely to be demoted to the bench. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see For years, midfield has been United’s problem position. Yet with Casemiro and Christian Eriksen arriving back in the summer, the pair have now brought some much-needed steel and creativity to the team. Casemiro has been a huge hit since his move from Real Madrid, while Eriksen is shining for a big team once again less than two years on from his cardiac arrest. Playing ahead of the pair most weeks is Bruno Fernandes. Though he isn’t scoring at the same rate as when he first moved to Old Trafford, the Portugal international remains a vital player and has become an even bigger leader under Ten Hag. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Though United have seen Antony struggle this season, they won’t be giving up on the Brazil international just yet. He initially hit the ground running but has now gone 12 games for club and country without a goal or assist, much to the annoyance of fans and former players alike. Yet given he played under Ten Hag before, the right-wing still looks like a position that is very much his to lose. Likewise the left and Marcus Rashford, who has netted 11 goals across all competitions so far this term. Should they get a deal for Felix over the line, then he’ll feasibly play down the middle - even though he may have to bulk up to prove himself in the Premier League. According to reports, United have held talks regarding a potential deal for Felix this month. But a deal is far from straightforward, with Atletico Madrid looking for a fee of £18million to let him leave on loan. Right now, that’s a bit too much for United - especially with the Glazers looking to sell the club after over 17 years of controversial rule. Regarding Sommer, United expressed interest in the veteran back in the summer. And whether they land him as a replacement for Dubravka remains to be seen.