The start of a new year is a great time for a fresh start, and for many people, this means taking on a home decor project. However, in 2023, some design features from bygone eras could be set to make a major comeback. Jordan Samson is an interior designer who shares his property design predictions and tips on his TikTok account @jodansamson with an audience of 68.9K followers. He believes that trends are already leaning towards a 1970s resurgence, with homeware retailers already selling products that nod to trends of the decade. In a video, Jordan said: “2022 was the way of archways, organic everything, and so much boucle. “And in 2023, the 70s are officially back with a modern twist and we are already seeing this at pretty much every retailer, from the smoked glassware to the funky shapes of sofas and armchairs. All of which are heavily inspired from the 70s.” However, the trend doesn’t stop at furniture items, and Jordan believes people will soon be incorporating more design features of the 1970s on their walls and in their kitchens. READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how “I think we are going to see a tonne of dark brown kitchens in 2023 inspired by the warm 50 shades of brown from the 70s,” he explained. “However, unlike its 2010s counterpart, I think we are going to see a lot more emphasis on the woodgrain.” Although the 1970s were renowned for bright, bold colours, wooden features were also a mainstay of the kitchen. Jordan predicts the rich wooden palette of the decade will likely return, however, this doesn’t mean every detail of the space needs to be brown. “If you don’t want to fully commit to a brown kitchen you can try two-tone cabinets,” he said. The interior designer anticipates this wooden trend to spill from the kitchen and onto the walls of other areas of the home. DON'T MISSPest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [EXPLAINER]Protect our villages from property developer invasion [INSIGHT]Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ [COMMENT] “Next up is wall panelling and it wouldn’t be the 70s without it,” he said. “There are many iterations of this from modern to more traditional and our walls are getting some much-needed love after a decade's worth of white paint.” While floor-to-ceiling, dark wooden panelling might seem dated, there are numerous ways to incorporate wood panelling into the home in a modern way. Oak or light composite can be used to create a contemporary, slatted wall panel. Alternatively, wood panelling can be used to elevate a wall by creating patterns with the slats or as an opportunity to introduce a secondary colour to your space. As well as making a room prettier, wall panelling is also a functional addition, providing an extra layer of insulation. However, the 1970s wall trends don’t stop at the wood. Jordan also predicts wallpaper will make a big comeback. He said: “Of course wallpaper, we have already seen this creep up but I think it is just going to get bigger and better.” Abstract patterns, huge flowers and bold, rich colours were all key elements of 1970s wallpaper and Jordan suggests some of these trends could be set to return. “There are so many amazing prints and patterns and creative ways to install it and I am absolutely here for it,” he said. While the interior designer's predictions offer a lot of opportunity for creativity, not all of his viewers were sold on the return of certain trends. A commenter named Kristen said: “Nooooo it wasn’t good the first time!” [SIC] Another named Nina added: “Please don’t commit to the 70s darkness in the expensive materials. Buy your smokey glass but say no to the dark brown wood and panelling.”