Leeds Building Society has announced today (January 27) that it will be hiking the interest rates offered on multiple savings products. These pending changes to savings accounts will be implemented next week on February 1, 2023. This follows the recent decision by the Bank of England to raise the country’s base rate which has seen widespread increases to interest rates among high street banks and building societies. Following this latest rate rise, Leeds Building Society’s Children’s Savings Accounts now pay interest of 3.90 percent. Furthermore, the new interest rate for the financial institution’s Regular Saver Account is 3.70 percent. Additionally, Leeds Six Access Saver and ISA will pay an interest rate of 2.40 percent as of next week. The building society’s Online Access Saver & ISA is set to pay savers a rate of 2.35 percent following this decision. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Leeds’ Access Saver Account will now pay a 1.70 percent interest rate with the minimum savings rate for members being the same. Matt Bartle, the director of Products at Leeds Building Society, shared why the financial organisation is raising rates at this time. He explained: “Following the recent Bank of England base rate increases, we have made the decision to increase rates on our range of savings products. “Now is a great time for savers to review their accounts to ensure they have the best solution for their current needs.” All eyes will be on the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) next week with another base rate announcement on the horizon. This is the rate at which the central bank charges other banks, building societies and other lenders when they borrow money. As such, the interest rate paid on savings accounts, mortgages and debt repayments are affected considerably. While this is a “great time for savers”, according to Mr Bartle, homeowners and people in debt have been adversely impacted. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, outlined what the likely base rate hike will mean for those with easy access savings accounts in particular. She said: “The rate rise will be a boon for easy access savers, who’ll see rates continue to edge up. “They’ve done so for the best part of a year now, and although they’re moving in tiny increments, if you haven’t switched for a while, you could make substantially more by tracking down a competitive deal. “We won’t see any major shifts as a result of the rate change, because banks are keen not to attract too much cash, but it’ll still be worth keeping your eye out for deals.” The savings expert noted that the rate paid on fixed rate accounts will likely not be affected by any decision by the Bank of England tomorrow due to the cautiousness of banks and building societies.” Ms Coles added: “It’s already priced in, and the banks are more concerned about what’s going to happen to rates further ahead. “The market now expects rates to peak at 4.5 percent, and then fall back as the country wrestles with recession. It means they’re factoring in lower rates in future, so they’re repricing deals and we’ve lost some of the best.” The Bank of England’s MPC will announce further changes to the UK’s base rate on February 2, 2023.