BBC series Call the Midwife saw the departure of yet another character recently after it appeared nurse Lucille Anderson (played by Leonie Elliott) was bowing out of the series. The character was having a hard time after she suffered a miscarriage and struggled to conceive again. The baby loss sent her spiralling into depression and she even contemplated taking her own life. Additionally, racial tensions were running high across the country amid politician Enoch Powell’s incendiary ‘River of Blood’ speech in reference to immigration to Britain during this period. This all left Lucille struggling with her mental health while facing racial abuse as she tried to live her daily life and work. Her husband Cyril (Zephryn Taitte) saw the toll all of this was taking on Lucille and bought an open ticket to Jamaica, so she could go home and visit her family for as long as she needed. The storyline seemed to signal Lucille’s exit from the show with fans upset and curious to know if it was curtain for the character. READ MORE: We look Sister Frances' exit from Call the Midwife Taking to Twitter, the 34-year-old actress told her 16,000 followers in a heartfelt message: "This season was incredibly difficult to film. Thank you for all your kind words. “It's my hope for people watching that if they can see the good in her, maybe they can extend that to people in real life." She went on to say: “I care about her deeply. Many share her story of miscarriage and depression, and many share her experience of abuse, racial or otherwise. “Many of us face mental health challenges, I hope we can continue to love one another, support and listen to each other. Look after yourselves and each other." READ MORE: Here's a look at Jenny Agutter's life away from Call the Midwife Moreover, Elliott posted a similar message to her 28,000 Instagram followers, saying: “Some have asked about Lucille’s journey this season, I guess this is what I hope we hold onto…” She then shared the statement and a photo of a pensive-looking Lucille from episode two. Elliott’s words didn’t seem to confirm whether or not Lucille had walked away from the show for good. Given Lucille and her husband have an open ticket back from Jamaica, there’s nothing to suggest they won’t come back to the UK and the show in the future. But for now, it seems Lucille needs to take some time out and recover in her home country after suffering from so much trauma. Elliott has been part of Call the Midwife since 2018, appearing in 46 episodes during her time on the series. She was the first West Indian nurse at Nonnatus House after working as a librarian in Jamaica. During her time on the show, Lucille proved her mettle as a talented nurse with a good sense of humour. Lucille isn’t the only character to have departed from Call the Midwife with the Christmas special also seeing another nurse exiting. DON'T MISS...GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [VIEWER REACTION]ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [INSIGHT]GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [VIDEO] Sister Frances (Ella Bruccoleri) walked away from Call the Midwife after suffering an accident when she crashed her bike on the snowy streets of Poplar. The nun was racing to get back up to assist her when an expectant mother’s labour hadn’t gone quite to plan. Sister Frances had to take some time out to recover after breaking her arm and was seemingly out of action. On top of this, Sister Hilda (Fenella Woolgar) made an off-screen exit from Call the Midwife before the Christmas special aired. Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm