Princess Charlotte "cried" after trying on the dress she was meant to wear at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding. The Duke of Sussex spoke about the much-debated bridesmaid dress row between Kate, Princess of Wales, and the Duchess of Sussex in his newly-released memoir, titled Spare. In the book, released today by Penguin Random House, Harry reported private texts between Kate and Meghan dating back to mid-May 2018 - just days before the Sussexes' nuptials. The exchange between the Duke's sister-in-law and future wife centred on the gown Charlotte, now seven, would have donned at the service held at St George's Chapel in Windsor. The flower girls' gowns were all "French couture" and had been crafted without a fitting, so it was expected for them to need some adjustment, the royal wrote. The row happened at a very stressful time for Meghan, as she was dealing with the news her father had faked paparazzi pictures, was suffering from health issues and could no longer attend her big day. In his book, Harry wrote he found his then-bride-to-be "sobbing on the floor" following a text exchange with Kate. Recounting the incident in the much-anticipated memoir, Harry said Prince William's wife sent Meghan a text reading: "Charlotte’s dress is too big, too long, too baggy. She cried when she tried it on at home." Kate, Harry went on to claim, was seemingly not willing at first to meet Meghan's tailor at Kensington Palace to have the dress resized, as the changes needed were too many and all the bridesmaids' gowns had to be remade. The Duke also claimed Kate had discussed the issue of the dresses with her "own wedding designer" who agreed with her take on the issue. Harry continued: "Meg asked if Kate was aware of what was going on right now. With her father. "Kate said she was well aware, but the dresses. And the wedding is in four days!" READ MORE: King could punish Harry and Meghan with 'nuclear option' after claims Harry then reported his wife texting to Kate: "I'm not sure what else to say. If the dress doesn't fit then please take Charlotte to see Ajay. He's been waiting all day." Kate, the Duke claimed, simply replied saying: "Fine". Harry added: "A short time later I arrived home and found Meg on the floor. Sobbing." While seeing his now wife in such an state left Harry "horrified", the then sixth-in-line to the throne wrote he didn't see the issue as "a catastrophe" but, rather, a temporary upset fuelled by the stress caused by both the upcoming nuptials and the concerns surrounding Thomas Markle Snr. The Duke added: "It was intolerable but temporary. Kate hadn’t meant any harm, I told her." As Meghan told Oprah Winfrey in the Sussexes' interview held in early 2021, Kate apologised to Meghan the day after the text exchange, showing up at Nottingham Cottage with a bouquet of flowers. The bridesmaids' dresses were not the only topic of discussion between Kate and Meghan ahead of the royal wedding, Harry suggested. Speaking about the row between the two royal spouses, Harry also claimed Kate had "problems with the way Meg was planning her wedding. Something about a party for the page boys? It went back and forth." Reports of a row between Kate and Meghan started circulating in late 2018, however at the time it was claimed it had been the Duchess of Sussex who had made her sister-in-law crying.