Holly Willoughby was ringside at the Misfits Boxing match featuring singer KSI and YouTuber Faze Temperrr when she called out Emma Bunton as someone she would love to fight. The This Morning presenter was part of the star-studded crowd at Wembley Arena. She was sitting very close to the action happening in the ring and had her say on who she would love as her opponent. The presenter told DAZN: "Do you know what? I know one of my very good friends, who is normally on stage in here - Spice Girl Emma Bunton - is watching this at home with her son Beau. "So I'm calling her out you, Emma Bunton." In a YouTube video from Misfits Boxing, she admitted she did not know much about boxing.  READ MORE: Call The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on set  She added: "It's unbelievable in here. I've never been to anything quite like this before. "I walked in and I'm not even in the ring but my adrenaline just went through the roof. "There's a real atmosphere in here, everyone just has fever-pitch excitement. It's amazing." Fans took to Twitter to describe the star as acting "wild" during the event. @zoeallott_ said: "A wild Holly Willoughby in the #KSITemper crowd." @ROSEGOLDJESS wrote: "Still makes me laugh that Holly Willoughby sat and watched a KSI fight. What an icon." KSI, 29, stole the show as he called out: "I said I wanted to KO, I said I wanted round one. People need to understand the levels." The social media star is ever closer to a dream match against arch-rival Jake Paul, 25. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albumsHolly and Phil spark outrage over 'jealous' holiday remarksHolly Willoughby points out Charles branded Queen ‘unaffectionate' He said: "I need to be tested. I need more tests until I reach the final hurdle, Jake motherf****** Paul. "That's the end-game ladies and gentlemen, I said I wanted him at the end of the year and I will get him, trust." Spice Girl Emma has not responded to Holly's jibe but the crowd responded well to the light-hearted joke. Back in 2019 she joked about why she could "no longer be friends" with the Spice Girl.  Emma burst into nervous laughter after being put on the spot by Phil Schofield on This Morning as he asked her: "How was Frozen 2?" But before Emma could even answer, Holly cut in with: "I'm not sure we can be friends anymore! What happened?!" Emma admitted while watching the film with her children, she had fallen asleep. She explained: "It was because I'd had a very early morning with the children, we'd come up to town, we had a wonderful day, in the evening we thought 'oh we'll round it off and we'll watch Frozen.'"