Kate Garraway, 55, reportedly decided to stop smoking in a bid to be healthier for her children as her husband, Derek Draper, continues to battle long Covid. The Good Morning Britain presenter received a “wake up call” about her wellbeing that led her to ditch cigarettes for good. According to a source, Derek’s health has “remained in this declining state for a while now,” leading to Kate’s decision. They said: “Derek’s health has remained in this declining state for a while now and has faced a lot of setbacks in recent weeks and it’s given her a wake up call that she needs to be fit and well for her kids." "She wants to focus on looking after herself as well as Derek this year," they added to OK! magazine. "The stress of caring for him has caused her to gradually lose a lot of weight and she knows that smoking isn’t the right means of helping her to cope, so she’s making her own health the priority as she hates the thought of becoming ill herself and her children having to cope with two parents that are unwell." Express.co.uk has contacted Kate Garraway's representatives for comment. Derek spent 13 months in hospital after contracting Covid in March 2020, but Kate and specialist nurses take care of him at home now. The claims come as Kate opened up on her experience with the NHS with shadow attorney general Emily Thornberry. She discussed her husband’s battle on Thursday’s instalment of GMB, suggesting that the government should continue to facilitate private hospitals offering NHS patients beds for free when NHS hospitals don’t have the capacity. “Frankly if I had to have a hip replaced I don’t care where I get it done as long as it’s done,” Emily remarked. “And that happened during Covid, didn’t it?” Kate said. “I know that from personal experience when Derek was first sick there were no spaces on any wards for him to go for the treatment he needed.” She continued: “So at that time in effect, everything was nationalised. DONT MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [UPDATE]Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears [NEWS]Lorraine Kelly distracted by Prince Harry's voice in ITV interview [LATEST] “All private hospitals had to take NHS patients at the cost of an NHS patient and he went in. “But after a while the private hospitals said they couldn't make it pay and therefore it came to an end - it reverted back. "That seemed like a sensible way to go. So, what was the argument against that?" Answering her own question, she added: “I would have said that the argument against that is that people with private insurance wouldn’t be able to jump queues.” Last December, Kate opened up to Lorraine Kelly about why she no longer updates viewers on her husband’s condition. “The thing I’ve been really aware of is people saying, ‘Oh she’s talking about that again,’” she said. “I don’t want to go on about it because what I’ve learnt is you don’t really know what it feels like until you’re there. “I now get contacted every day, which makes me feel less isolated, by thousands of people saying, ‘Please say more because we are struggling.’” Good Morning Britains airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.