Sky Sports pundit and former Liverpool and Tottenham midfielder Jamie Redknapp has hit out at the Spurs fan who attacked Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale as the Gunners claimed a 2-0 win in the north London derby on Sunday. After the full-time whistle, the Gunners goalkeeper appeared to have been kicked by a member of the crowd as he attempted to retrieve his water bottle from the side of the pitch. The incident saw several players get involved in unsavoury scenes, as Redknapp called for a ban for the fan. "It’s completely unacceptable from the Spurs fan," Redknapp said. "He’s been getting stick all game as he said, he reacts, you can see Richarlison gets involved as well. "This is part of football, that, a little bit of stick, but for a fan to come and do that as we see it unfold, come on and try and kick a player on the pitch is completely unacceptable. He’s got to get his water bottle, he’s got to get his gloves, and I’m sure that Spurs will act accordingly. He shouldn’t be allowed in the football stadium, that guy, and it’s completely out of order and unacceptable." After a fan was spotted attacking Ramsdale, the goalkeeper reacted and attempted to find the supporter before he clashed with Spurs star Richarlison and several players got involved before the Gunners' stopper was dragged away by boss Mikel Arteta. Ramsdale explained the incident in his post-match interview. “The Spurs fans gave me some throughout the game. I was giving some back," he told Sky Sports. "The people I did give it to greeted it in sportsmanlike terms but one fan tried to give me a little punch on the back. “It is a shame as it is just a game of football at the end of the day. Both sets of players tried to bring me away but thankfully nothing too drastic happened. It is a sour taste but I’m sure we will enjoy it when we go back into the dressing room.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move The Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) released a statemtent after the incident. "Violence towards players is completely unacceptable. These types of incidents are happening far too often," the statement read. "Players have a right to be safe in their place of work. When a player is attacked we expect the laws and regulations that are in place to protect them and to be properly enforced. "As the players' union we treat this as a priority issue. We will be continuing to work with the authorities to demand that players and staff are better protected in their place of work." 