Novak Djokovic survived a scare to outlast Enzo Couacaud 6-1 6-7(5) 6-2 6-0 in the second round of the Australian Open. The fourth seed needed a medical time-out for his ongoing hamstring injury in the second set before losing it in a tiebreak but battled through to book his place in the third round after three hours and four minutes while being disturbed by rowdy members of the crowd, calling for them to be kicked out. Djokovic arrived on Rod Laver Arena with his thigh heavily strapped once again, despite removing the taping for his practice session. But it ended up being his opponent who struggled with injury early on in the match as Couacaud turned his ankle in the fourth game of the match and needed a medical time-out to get it strapped up. It came after a cat-and-mouse rally which saw the Frenchman up at the net trying to defend when he was broken by the fourth seed, but the world No 191 opted to play on despite concerns that he could quit the match after half an hour. Couacaud failed to win another game in the opening set but he won four points in a row from 0-30 down to open the second set with an important hold of serve. The 27-year-old continued to shake off the earlier injury fears as he was able to hold with no issue until the nine-time champion won three points in a row from 15-40 down on Couacaud’s serve at 3-3 to set up the first break point of the second set, but the Frenchman served himself out of trouble and held. It was suddenly Djokovic who was the one struggling with injury as his hamstring issue flared up in the second set, with the 35-year-old looking uncomfortable as he winced and stretched his leg towards the end of the set. JUST IN: Rublev rages at umpire after being accused of swearing in Russian  Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport As Couacaud held for a 5-4 lead, the Serb called the physio to court and asked to have his strapping re-done, leaving the court for a medical time-out. He re-emerged minutes later but continued to appear slightly hindered, though he managed to set up two more break points at 5-5 that were saved by the inspired Frenchman. The set went to a tiebreak where Djokovic raced to a 3-0 lead but dropped the next three points and it was the qualifier who stunned Rod Laver Arena as he took the breaker 7-5 to level things with the nine-time champion. But the 21-time Major winner responded immediately, winning the first eight points in a row to take a 2-0 lead before it quickly became one-way traffic for Djokovic, who raced to take the third set 6-2 and regain a lead in the match. Throughout the match, one loud spectator could be heard shouting out when Djokovic was trying to serve and the world No 5 grew tired of it by the fourth set. He had laughed it off during the third when another fan responded by shouting out "shut up" which prompted the Serb to thank them, but it was no longer amusing for Djokovic who approached umpire Fergus Murphy to complain and said: "The guy is drunk out of his mind, from the first point he's been provoking me. He's not here to watch tennis, he just wants to get in my head. You heard him at least ten times, I heard him 50 times. What are you going to do about it? Get him out of the stadium." DON'T MISSRuud admits he and Nadal may have made same error before Aus OpenAus Open wildcard in tears after upsetting Fritz in front of home fansAlexander Zverev left embarrassed after bird poos on him at Aus Open The spectators in question were thrown out a few points later and Djokovic - who was already leading in the fourth set - didn’t drop another game as he cruised through the remainder of his match to earn a 6-1 6-7(5) 6-2 6-0 victory in more than three hours. With the win, he extended his streak of match victories at the Australian Open to 23 and will now face 27th seed Grigor Dimitrov in the third round. The pair have faced off ten times before with the Bulgarian winning just one of their meetings at the Madrid Masters ten years ago. While it was a statement performance in the final two sets, concerns over Djokovic’s hamstring injury remain after it hindered his performance in the second set. Tim Henman pointed out that it was worrying for the world No 5 to be struggling so early on in the tournament, saying: “I think the concern is that this is at the start of the tournament. “You know, sometimes you play four or five matches when you might get a niggle but you’ve only got a couple of matches to go whereas we’ve been aware of this for certainly the whole of this tournament and we’re only in the second round.” 