Liverpool's lineup to face Brentford on Monday has been leaked prior to kick-off, as Jurgen Klopp has not named new signing Cody Gakpo in the team for their first game of 2022. The German expressed doubts that the potential £50million signing could be registered in time, but has made three changes from the team that defeated Leicester 2-1. Gakpo was not spotted getting off the coach in Brentford with the rest of the squad, while Andrew Robertson has been replaced by Kostas Tsimikas, Fabinho has come in for Jordan Henderson, and Ibrahima Konate starts in place of Joel Matip. Klopp admitted prior to the game that Gakpo was unlikely to make his debut at Brentford. “What I heard now – so we are obviously very early, which is good – there might be a chance for Brentford,” he told reporters. “But I think not really, because the 1st of January is a Bank Holiday and, all the papers, other people have to sign on the 2nd until lunchtime. I’m not too positive that that will happen! We will not rush it anyway, so probably [against] Wolves.” Robertson is set to miss out also against Brentford, having come off in the win over Leicester with an injury and has been unable to recover in time. Tsimikas replaces him at left-back, while skipper Henderson is also on the sidelines as Fabinho returns to the team. The Brazilian missed Friday's win over Leicester due to the birth of his child, but returns at the heart of midfield alongside Harvey Elliott and Thiago. With Gakpo unavailable, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain resumes his spot on the left wing. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January  Gakpo was not spotted coming off the coach at the Gtech Community Stadium but Robertson was, and Klopp named in on the bench alongside the returning Curtis Jones, while Henderson is not in the squad. Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez were both seen in Brentford, and will make up the front three alongside Oxlade-Chamberlain, who could have a battle to hold onto his spot following the Gakpo signing. The former Arsenal man is into the final six months of his contract at Anfield, and is expected to leave the club at the end of the season on a free transfer despite starting both of Liverpool's Premier League games after the World Cup amid injuries to Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz. Liverpool XI to face Brentford: Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Van Dijk, Tsimikas; Elliott, Fabinho, Thiago; Salah, Nunez, Oxlade-Chamberlain. 