Owen Jones has hit out at Sir Keir Starmer after he delivered a brutal snub to Jeremy Corbyn. The Labour leader, who is an Arsenal fan, was grilled during an appearance on The News Agents podcast on who he would pick to sit next to at a football match out of his former boss and outspoken broadcaster Piers Morgan, who both support the Gunners. Sir Keir opted for the TalkTV presenter, but his answer sparked a furious reaction from left-wing activist Mr Jones. He tweeted: "Three years ago, Keir Starmer was serving in Jeremy Corbyn’s Shadow Cabinet and supposedly trying to make him Prime Minister. "In the leadership election, Starmer called Corbyn a 'friend' and denounced how the media demonised him. "Just a very two-faced politician!" Sir Keir made the comment during a round of quick-fire questions with hosts Emily Maitlis and Jon Sopel during an interview on the podcast from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Mr Sopel asked: "You're an Arsenal fan. I'm going to give you the names of two diehard Arsenal fans and you've got to choose who you'd rather sit next do - Piers Morgan or Jeremy Corbyn?" Without hesitating, Sir Keir responded: "Piers Morgan." The trio laughed as Ms Maitlis said: "That was quick!" Mr Sopel added: "That was very quick." Sir Keir served as shadow Brexit secretary when Mr Corbyn was Labour leader. But since taking over the party leadership, Sir Keir has sought to distance himself from his predecessor. Mr Corbyn currently sits as an independent MP after having the Labour whip removed in 2020 over his response to the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) report into antisemitism in the party. Earlier this month, the Islington North MP was grilled by ITV's Robert Peston over whether he will stand as an independent candidate at the next general election. But Mr Corbyn repeatedly dodged the question, saying: "I was elected as the Labour MP for Islington North in the last general election as I have been in the previous nine general election. So 10 times I've been elected. "I think the people of Islington North and the Islington North Labour Party members should be able to make that choice." 