Booking.com used its wealth of reviews and data to find the world’s most welcoming city. Britons won’t have to travel far to find it as it’s right here in the UK. READ MORE: Simon Calder explains how to get ‘best deal’ York was named the world’s most welcoming destination, beating out other popular spots like San Sebastian and Australia’s Gold Coast. A spokesperson from Booking.com said: “Celebrating the best of Britain, travellers can transport themselves back to medieval England when travelling to York. “This destination was founded by the Ancient Romans, and has been preserved by city walls. “York has a great selection of things to do for any traveller, from historical, picturesque buildings to quirky tea shops, a visit to York won’t bore anyone. “The heart of York’s historic core is The Shambles, a 14th century cobbled street known for its timber-framed houses with the cosy cafes, sweet shops and boutiques. “The seventh-century cathedral of York Minster is the city’s architectural crown jewel, with its Gothic-style facade towering above everything else in the city. “For travellers who would like to experience the spookier aspects of the city, a Ghost Bus Tour will show some of York’s most famous landmarks while learning about a more creepy side of their history.” York Minister was recently named England’s most beautiful building, making it a must-visit on any trip to the city. READ MORE: Superyacht crew told to ‘step it up’ as items go overboard Italy took the second spot on the list with a beautiful city on the country’s southern Adriatic coast. The spokesperson said: “Polignano a Mare is a picturesque town perched on a limestone cliff above the crystal-clear waters of the Adriatic, known for its beautiful beaches and white coloured houses. “This southern Italian destination is perfect for cliff diving. The most famous export of Polignano a Mare is Italian legend Domenico Modugno, who wrote and sang numerous classic songs, of which the catchy song ‘Volare’ is the most internationally known.” Tourists could also book a table at Grotta Palazzese, a restaurant located in a sea cave, which has gone viral on social media. Taiwan’s Hualien City was third on the list and has the stunning national park, Taroko, on its doorstep. Spain’s San Sebastian took fourth place and is known as the country’s foodie capital as well as for its golden beaches. Dresden rounded off the top five and is often called the ‘Florence of the North’ as it has a similar look and feel. Although the city was destroyed during the Second World War, it was rebuilt and restored in baroque style.