Shakhtar Donetsk chief executive Sergei Palkin has claimed that Arsenal were in contact with Mykhaylo Mudryk 'every day' before approaching the club with an initial transfer offer. Chelsea's ruthless hijack of the Mudryk deal will have been all the more frustrating, given the time Arsenal committing to signing him this summer. Chelsea stunned the Gunners last weekend by quickly agreeing an £88million deal with Shakhtar for the 22-year-old winger. According to The Athletic, Arsenal were convinced Mudryk's arrival would boost their surprise Premier League title challenge and give Mikel Arteta one of Europe's most exciting attacking regiments. Technical director Edu accelerated his efforts to lure the Ukrainian starlet to the Emirates Stadium. He was confident he could strike a compromise on the £88m valuation to seal a deal. And Shakhtar chief Palkin has revealed the extent of Arsenal's interest, claiming Arteta and Oleksandr Zinchenko contacted Mudryk almost two months before making their interest known to the club. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He said: "Arsenal contacted the player almost one and a half months before they contacted us. "Can you imagine, for example, to have Mikel Arteta, Oleksandr Zinchenko and the sporting director calling you, to have Arsenal calling you almost every day, every two days, every three days? "You can want or not want the move, but you follow this kind of reception and contacts." Palkin also told The Athletic that he met Arsenal more than he did Chelsea, receiving three bids from the north Londoners. The most recent offer arrived as recently as Thursday, worth £62m plus £26m in add-ons. However, Shakhtar didn't accept the structure of payments or the terms to trigger the add-ons. DON'T MISS: Tottenham could save millions in swap deal instead of signing Porro It made talks challenging and, fatally, Arsenal had handed Chelsea the mark to beat, which the Blues had stated their willingness to do earlier in the window. Todd Boehly was happy to sanction a more suitable payment structure and stole a march on the Premier League leaders. Mudryk's regular social media rescue pleas to Arsenal made it seem like he preferred a switch to the Emirates. But Chelsea's offer was too good to turn down, and one Arsenal were unprepared to match, making him the latest star to narrowly evade the latter to land at Stamford Bridge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here