Arsenal have reportedly had a breakthrough in their bid to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakthar Donetsk this month after holding 'very positive talks' with the Ukraine side on Monday. The Gunners have already had two bids rejected by Shakthar, who are said to be holding out for an offer in the region of £88million. Arsenal have been reluctant to meet those demands so far, but they've not given up hope of signing their No 1 target. Mikel Arteta has been reliant on both Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka this season, with the pair starting every one of Arsenal's Premier League matches. Emile Smith Rowe's return from injury gives Arteta another option, but Mudryk is seen as the missing piece for the Arsenal boss in their bid to hold off Manchester City at the top of the table. And talks are now heading in the right direction for Mudryk to seal his dream move to the Emirates, according to transfer expert Ben Jacobs. Mudryk's representatives have been in London holding talks with both Arsenal and Chelsea. But the Gunners are said to have a free run at signing the winger with Chelsea not placing an offer on the table yet. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  It's said that 'very positive talks' were held between Arsenal and Shakthar on Monday and a third offer is being discussed. Arsenal are prepared to increase their bid beyond their last £62m offer, although remain adamant they won't pay the full £88m being asked for. The main sticking point is said to be what Shakthar want in upfront costs while the overall fee will feature several add-ons. The Gunners are said to be hoping to include 'less gettable' clauses in their third offer to the Ukrainian side.  Arsenal are also being reliant on Eddie Nketiah to lead the line for Arsenal with Gabriel Jesus out injured. It's not yet clear when the Brazilian will be fit to return but it's been reported that he won't be back available until March at the earliest. Nketiah has impressed since being given the opportunity to lead the line for Arsenal, scoring four in as many games. But Arteta has been unable to operate a Plan B without another striker in his side and the Arsenal boss has made it clear that he wants reinforcements. "The problem is that we have only one striker and to cope for that many months until Gabby (Jesus) is back is not easy", Arteta said. "But we have to get the most out of the players that we have at the moment. If we can have some reinforcements, great." 