 Britney Spears, 41, caused a stir by posting snaps to Instagram earlier this week, showing her getting tattooed in what seemed to be her Maui, Hawaii hotel room. At the same time, the Gimme More singer posted about former NSYNC member and ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake, leading many to believe the two were connected.  After fans rallied in confusion, believing the singer had added a tattoo to her collection in tribute to her ex-boyfriend, Britney took to Instagram to explain herself. She said on her Instagram story on Thursday evening: “I simply did it because I wanted to! “The pic with my ex is a time where there was less confusion on what it meant to be together. “It is what it is!" READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge details struggles at famous French home  On Wednesday, Britney excitedly shared a clip of her getting her brand new tattoo. She appeared to be in her hotel room while on vacation in Maui, declaring it was “tattoo time!”. The singer then appeared to get an inking on her right inner wrist, while both her and the artist were standing by the bed. Just before the artist put the needle to her skin, Britney was heard saying: “One day I’ll figure it out, who knows,” seemingly hinting at the tattoo's mystery design.    Britney never showed the finished artwork in the clip, leaving fans pondering what it could be. However, she explained why she had left out this pivotal part in the caption: “Tattoo in Maui 3 days ago! Can’t show it because it sucks! “Like really really sucks! S**t! “Psss … I have to fix it!!” with some eye-rolling emojis.  Around the same time as this clip went live on Instagram, she also posted a throwback snap from the early 2000s. At that time, the singer was dating Justin Timberlake, 41, and the couple were pictured playing basketball together in matching jerseys for a 2001 charity game. Britney wistfully captioned the post: “When we used to shoot hoops TOGETHER … that’s when miracles happened. "I came out of my mom’s stomach just like we all did! Psss … why always cast me out? I’m equal as all!"  The throwback post has since been deleted. More recently, the singer has also cryptically changed her Instagram name to River Red and posted a picture of Mars while addressing the name change in the caption. She wrote: “A bright one, easy does it! Thank you, childhood friend, I found my ball, don’t underestimate the power of purity! I see right through it all. It has liquid and is wet, it’s playful and has mass! “I changed my name to River Red! Yet the fire is where it illuminates, to stare at it and jump right in with no fear at all!  “S**t. Now I have to find my FORK!”