The attorney for the Trump Campaign 2024 has dismissed speculation that Ron DeSantis could run for President as he is "unprepared for the national stage". Christina Bobb, a Florida resident, said Mr DeSantis was a "great governor" and she would endorse him for that role again, but that he "cannot accomplish what Donald Trump has". Ms Bobb spoke to Mark Dolan on GB News, as he questioned whether Mr DeSantis would be a better candidate for President than Mr Trump given that the Florida governor has "won fans" with his anti-lockdown and anti-vaccine mandate approach to COVID-19. Mr Dolan also accused the 45th President of being "divisive", however the attorney countered: "Ron DeSantis only became popular because of Donald Trump. "Donald Trump endorsed him and he wouldn't have won his race otherwise. "He also became popular by emulating Donald Trump, he's basically been copying his policies.  "Now to be clear, I'm a Florida resident and I voted for Ron DeSantis, I think he's a great governor. "If there were a election tomorrow I'd vote for him again for governor, but he's not Donald Trump and he cannot accomplish the things Donald Trump has accomplished." She added regarding the controversy surrounding the former POTUS: "I think some of the divisiveness and the polarisation surrounding Donald Trump really is created, I don't think it's real.  READ MORE: Heir to former French President de Gaulle makes embarrassing war claim "It comes a lot from the media that want to make it look like he's polarising or divisive when in fact he is not. "I actually think Ron DeSantis is unprepared for this national stage." DeSantis is reportedly already laying the groundwork for his 2024 presidential bid, although Trump is the only Republican candidate to officially declare he is running so far.  DON'T MISS:Charles wants Harry to attend coronation to bring 'peace', says source [LATEST]Kate Middleton paints the town red in scarlet suit at glamorous event [ROYALS]Missing Nicola Bulley was on phone to work when she disappeared [UPDATES] It had been thought that Trump would be running largely unopposed, however a disappointing Republican result in last November's midterms and his links to white nationalists have tarnished his campaign. Speaking about his potential rival Trump said: "Ron would have not been governor if it wasn’t for me… when I hear he might run, I consider that very disloyal. "I think if he runs, he could hurt himself very badly. I really believe he could hurt himself badly … I would tell you things about him that won’t be very flattering – I know more about him than anybody – other than, perhaps, his wife." 