1923 fans were excited for the latest episode as they were keen to see if Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) survived the shooting in the Yellowstone prequel. The Duttons were desperate for Spencer (Brandon Sklenar) to return home to protect his family. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the Paramount series is back on. The latest episode of 1923 confirmed Jacob Dutton was still alive as his wife Cara (Helen Mirren) tended to his injuries. Cara, wanting to keep things as quiet as possible, managed to send a letter off to Spencer asking for him to return from Africa. Jack Dutton (Darren Mann) and Elizabeth (Michelle Randolph) both survived and Liz said she intended to marry Jack despite the recent losses. Cara took charge of the cattle association as she attempted to buy time until Spencer's arrival. He finally receives the letters from his aunt, but is he too late to save his family? READ MORE: 1923 family tree explains how Jacob Dutton is related to James Dutton  The series will be taking a break for a few weeks, with episode five scheduled to drop on Paramount+ on Sunday, February 5 at 3am Eastern Time. The title and runtime of the upcoming are unknown at this moment in time. For viewers watching in the UK, they will have to wait until February 6 for the new episode to appear on the streaming platform. The reason for the show's hiatus is not known but it is not unusual for Paramount shows like Yellowstone to take mid-season breaks. The first season of 1923 is made up of eight episodes, so it makes sense for the show to take a break at the half-way point. The original Yellowstone series is also on hiatus at the moment, with the next episode not scheduled to air for a while. Before the final scenes of episode four of 1923, titled War and the Turquoise Tide, Paramount+ announced the show's return date. This means viewers will have to wait almost a month to find out if the Duttons will survive long enough for Spencer to make it back. DON'T MISS... Michelle Randolph from 1923 has a famous partner [EXPLAINER] 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton [INSIGHT] All you need to know about Spencer Dutton in 1923 [EXPLAINER] Viewers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the show's mid-season break. @miqueiasnow96 said: "Y’all better not be sleeping on #1923TV OMG [angry emoji] I can’t believe we have to wait until February 5th!!!" @thom_ahs said: "A MONTH BREAK UNTIL THE NEXT EPISODE???? WHYYYYYY #1923TV" [Sic] @Justasec021 shared: "#1923TV Episode 4 did not disappoint, but to have it end like it did then have us wait almost a month for episode 5. Ugh I can’t stand cliffhangers…" [Sic]   @nuserynotes added: "3wks for the next episode of #1923TV! Why did #ParamountPlus do me dirty?" [Sic] The question remains as to whether Spencer will answer his aunt's call for help, or whether he has had enough of war. Wanting to start a new life free of conflict with Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer), he may feel torn about his loyalties. Yet the likelihood is he will return to Montana with Alexandra to save his family and preserve the Dutton legacy. 1923 returns to Paramount Plus on February 5.