Heated exchanges during the vote for the next US House Speaker almost saw fellow Republicans come to blows with each other. One Republican representative, Mike Rogers, had to be physically restrained by his fellow politicians after he appeared to lunge at Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz. Kevin McCarthy, a senior Republican from California, finally won the speaker job after an extraordinary 15 rounds of voting. Despite Mr McCarthy's party holding an overall majority, the Congress has not voted this many times to pick a speaker since 1860 - in the lead-up to the US Civil War. The tense scuffle involving Mr Gaetz took place following the 14th failed voting round. The Florida politician had declined yet again to vote for Representative McCarthy, as he voted 'present' instead. A brief exchange after the vote saw Mr Gaetz mouth the worth "committee" towards McCarthy, who returned an icy stare. JUST IN: Putin accused of breaking his own ceasefire as shells fly on frontline  A frustrated Representative Rogers, a strong McCarthy ally, abruptly lost it and began shouting and jabbing his finger at Mr Gaetz. Mr Rogers had to be physically restrained by another Republican, Richard Hudson from North Carolina. Mr Hudson had to pull Mr Rogers back by his shoulders, as the latter could be seen yelling: "I won't forget this!" The moment quickly spread on social media. Cabot Phillips from the Daily Wire tweeted: "Wild scene as Rep. Mike Rogers has to be physically restrained by another member while going after Gaetz as McCarthy tries to secure final votes." Phillip Lewis from the Huffington Post added: "Mike Rogers was about to lose it."  Mr McCarthy later downplayed the heated conversations that took place after the 14th ballot. He told reporters: “Oh nothing. I mean, we ended up with a tie, and he was able to get the others to be able to go present.” Mr Gaetz had emerged as one of the most outspoken critics of Mr McCarthy, mocking him for "selling shares of himself" for power. Before the 15th and final vote, Mr Gaetz even told Fox News that he was “running out of things to ask for” from McCarthy. DON'T MISS: Republicans in Congress have grasped defeat from the jaws of victory [COMMENT]Idaho murders timeline: Bone-chilling affidavit details attack [TIMELINE]Starmer nearly doubles lead over Sunak in best PM tracker poll [POLL]  In the final vote tally, McCarthy received 216 votes while the Democrats' candidate, Hakeem Jeffries, got 212, out of the 428 votes cast. The vote means Mr McCarthy is now second in line to the presidency after the US vice-president. Speaking after his confirmation, Mr McCarthy wrote on Twitter: "I hope one thing is clear after this week: I will never give up. And I will never give up for you, the American people." US President Joe Biden congratulated Mr McCarthy for his win and said he looked forward to cooperating with the Republican Party. 