Eamonn Holmes' remark came after Isabel Webster asked her GB News co-host whether he and Ruth Langsford let their pet dog Maggie sleep in their bed with them. Isabel admitted she had "very strong views" on the matter, labelling it "disgusting". However, Eamonn disagreed explaining Maggie slept at the bottom of the bed in between them. Kicking off the discussion, Isabel began: "I was going through the papers this morning and this caught my eye because I have strong views on it. "Do you share your bed with Maggie the dog?" "We do, yes," Eamonn promptly replied. Horrified, Isabel asked: "Do you ever think this is quite disgusting and hygienic and disturbing your sleep pattern?" READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat Shutting his co-host down, Eamonn said: "No, she sleeps down by my feet and Ruth's feet." "Ruth's feet are very big so they take up a lot of the bed," Eamonn cheekily joked. "But the doggy is down there and the only thing I am ever aware of is when I turn on my side and roll my leg over, sometimes I put my leg on top of her and she doesn't really move." "I've never been able to share a bed with a cat," Isabel explained. "I can't sleep with my children, animals or anything. But it's just funny in I Newspaper, they're saying there's a big question of whether it's joyful, or just plain unhygienic. "I was fascinated to know people's views." The GB News host went on to share how the cat sleeps wrapped around her dad's head and she thought it was "disgusting". "I love the cat," she insisted. "Alfie is the most beautiful cat, but do we really want the cat's bottom next to your nose?" DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [SPOILERS]Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim [THEORY] The former This Morning host joked: "You know, there are humans that would sleep with humans whose bottoms are where they shouldn't be which is more unhygienic than pets." Eamonn and his Loose Women star wife often share intimate details about their relationship. During a recent appearance on the ITV chat show, Ruth shocked her co-stars by sharing an X-rated admission of her own. When discussing how they get what they want from their partners, Ruth said: "I think sometimes maybe even subconsciously to improve the mood and the day goes smoothly. "Sometimes you might go, 'Oh, I will because it will mean we'll have a nice day'." She later continued: "But then if Eamonn comes home and he's used my car and he goes, 'I've filled the petrol up'." "I am like, 'Get upstairs'," Ruth added as she burst out laughing. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays on GB News from 6am.