Let's set aside that such a slight would provide the petulant prince with even more cannon fodder for the chat show circuit. (“As they placed the Crown on Pa's head, Meghan and I sat on the floor of our Netflix-funded Montecito palace and sobbed over our truth”) But to erase him from the guest list would be sorrowful proof that the breakdown of his relationship with his father was terminal. Harry's empty seat telegraphing to the world that on this, the most important day of Charles' public life his "darling boy" remained absent. Anyway, not to worry. Things are looking good.Royal sources have revealed this week that peace talks could lie ahead between Harry and his estranged family before his father is crowned at Westminster Abbey on May 6. Which is also good news for our beleaguered Prime Minister who, according to reports, is in danger of being drawn into the debate since royal insiders are arguing for the decision to be taken out of the King's hands. Given his towering in-tray, fire-fighting unions, dealing with the cost of living crisis and trying to staunch a robust Labour lead, this is all Rishi Sunak needs. Wouldn`t be surprised if he had his private GP on speed dial.  However, if Harry does sweep into Westminster Abbey in May, there should be a caveat. Namely the signing by the Prince of some kind of non-disclosure agreement (NDA). A commitment of contractual confidentiality not to reveal anything about the Coronation – and the arrangements surrounding it.What? Surely this would be stymieing free speech. Well of course, in a liberal democracy the right to talk freely is a cornerstone of all we stand for. But this isn't some arbitrary muzzling of a freedom fighter. An attempt to stop the truth – his or anyone else's – coming out.It is a fair and proportionate response to Harry's previous actions. He fired the first salvo – demonstrating in his memoir and in countless interviews that all bets are off when it comes to dragging other people into his narrative. From comments about his worry for the “young kids” – ie William's children – in the royal family to the repeating of long forgotten slurs surrounding his brief relationship with tragic TV presenter Caroline Flack. Anyway, the Duke of Netflix assured ITV's Tom Bradby - in a wide ranging nuclear interview - that whatever he says to William in future will remain 'private' (stop laughing at the back!). So why is an NDA so important? Whether Harry's repeated beatings about the royal family damage the brand remains a matter of conjecture. After all, with the Firm`s default position of silence – never complain, never explain – we only have the Prince`s version of recollected events. So allegations of William's flying fists remain unchallenged. But the Coronation is something different. And that's why Harry must commit to a vow of silence. The ceremony, which will see His Majesty King Charles III crowned alongside the Queen Consort, is the latest event in the time line of a monarchy which traces its origins to times of Anglo-Saxon England and early medieval Scotland, As such it is a seminal part of our history. What's more, as we saw from the Queen`s funeral, such an event will likely showcase the flawless, metronomic detail of Royal events . . it needs to be ring fenced.There is also consideration of the formidable headcount who will comprise the guest list – royals, heads of states. How much better they will feel knowing Harry can't offer CBS titbits from the table.All of which could become a source of embarrassment if Harry is given free-range to talk about below stairs arrangements and whether his car was shinier than his brothers. It's not unusual for those who work for celebrities to sign an NDA. So it should be with Harry about such a significant event – the crowning of the first new king or queen in 70 years. It's likely those who talk to him will already be super-cautious about what they say and how they say it for fear of casual chit chat resurfacing in Harry, volume 4. But events, dear boy, that is a one-way conversation. So let's welcome Harry to the Coronation. He and Meghan should be there. But they must commit to a verbal no-fly zone about the event. Trust is a two-way street. He may feel the Royals have to regain his trust. But boy does this troubled young man need to regain theirs too.