NFL legend and sports personality Shannon Sharpe clashed with superstar Ja Morant’s dad over a comment about LeBron James as the Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday night. Dennis Schroder scored a clutch late bucket to give the Lakers a thrilling 122-121 win. Sharpe, considered one of the best tight ends in NFL history after winning three Super Bowl championships, had to be restrained by members of security at the Crypto.com Arena as he yelled at Memphis players. The incident went down at half time as the Grizzlies led 53-49 at the break. As players headed into the locker room, the 54-year-old was seen shouting at Grizzlies guard Dillon Brooks. His teammate Steven Adams got involved and confronted Sharpe, with Grizzlies staff trying - and failing - to hold back the center. Morant also exchanged words with Sharpe along with his father Tee. After the incident went down, Sharpe - who hosts Fox Sports’ ‘Undisputed’ alongside Skip Bayless - gave his version of events. READ MORE: LeBron James issues retirement advice to NFL icon Tom Brady “They didn’t want this smoke, Dave,” he told ESPN’s NBA expert Dave McMenamin. “They do all this talking and jockeying, and I ain't about that jockeying. “It started with Dillon Brooks. I said he was too small to guard LeBron, he said 'F**k me’. I said 'f*** you’ back. “He started to come at me and I said 'You don't want these problems' and then Ja came out of nowhere talking. He definitely didn't want these problems. Then the dad came and he obviously didn't want no problems. “But I wanted anything they had. Don't let these fools fool you now.” DON'T MISSLeBron James laments 'frustrating as hell' NBA refs after Lakers lossWestbrook blames Embiid as he misses game-winning shot for LA LakersLeBron James passes landmark as LA Lakers ace nears scoring record ESPN announcer and NBA legend Mark Jackson spoke about the incident as the broadcast returned from half time, saying: “Steven Adams comes over to protect his guy, along with his supporting cast. Then, Shannon Sharpe, still talking. And Tee Morant, Ja Morant's dad, comes over. “[I] had a opportunity to talk to Tee Morant. He said: ‘My blood pressure didn't go up a bit. Nothing but love and respect for Shannon Sharpe.’ “Just a bunch of guys talking a bunch of trash.” The two sides appeared to settle their differences at the end of the evening though, with both Sharpe and Morant sr. seen hugging and smiling on the court. The 21-25 Lakers are next in action against the Portland Trail Blazers, while the 31-14 Grizzlies face the Phoenix Suns with both games on Sunday.