Mafia boss Matteo Messina Denaro, the man nicknamed "boss of all bosses" and seen as one of the world's most wanted criminals, has been arrested in Sicily after being on the run for 30 years, admits scenes of public celebration. Denaro, nicknamed "Diabolik", was detailed inside a private clinic known as the Maddalena Messina Denaro was captured at the clinic where he was receiving treatment for an undisclosed medical condition, announced Carabinieri Gen. Pasquale Angelosanto, who heads the police force’s special operations squad, the Ros Carabinieri police force. A pair of Carabinieri officers, each holding an arm, walked him down the front steps of the upscale clinic and led him to a waiting black van in pouring rain. Messina Denaro was wearing a brown leather jacket trimmed in shearling, a matching white-and-brown skull cap and his trademark tinted glasses. His face looked wan and he stared straight ahead. He was taken to a secret location by police immediately after the arrest, Italian state television reported. Footage showed members of the public clapping and cheering after it was confirmed that he had been taken into custody.  The son of a previous Mafia boss, Messina Denaro has been a fugitive since 1993. When he first went on the run, the then-teenager wrote a letter to his girlfriend warning her his name might come to be associated with "serious bloodshed". Writing after dozens were killed in massacres in Rome, Milan and Florence, he said: "You will hear about me. "They will paint me as a devil, but they are all falsehoods". READ MORE: William urged to explain Harry's 'extraordinary allegation' about plot In a police photo showing him sitting in a police van, Messina Denaro was wearing a brown leather jacket and white skull cap and his trademark tinted glasses. His face looked wan. He was taken to a secret location by police immediately after the arrest, Italian state television reported. A young man when he went into hiding, he is now 60. Messina Denaro, who had a power base in the port city of Trapani, in western Sicily, was considered Sicily’s Cosa Nostra top boss even while a fugitive. He was the last of three longtime fugitive top-level Mafia bosses who had for decades eluded capture. Palermo Chief Prosecutor Maurizio De Lucia told Rai state TV that the fugitive had been using the pseudonym Andrea Bonafede. The last name roughly means “good faith” in Italian. DON'T MISSNicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death [LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles [ADMISSION]Gary Lineker's ex-wife complains he's been ‘ignoring’ her [INSTAGRAM] Shortly after his arrest, Messina Denaro appeared before a court in Palermo, where a judge sought to confirm his identity and ask basic questions to fill out documents. Reminded by the judge that he must answer truthfully, Messina Denaro replied: “Aware.” When asked his occupation, he replied “farmer” and added that his brother was a banker and his four sisters homemakers. For his residence, he cited Castelvetrano, a farm town near Trapani which was his crime clan’s power base and where he was assured of logistics support during his time as a fugitive, according to investigators. He also told the court he had six children — investigators believe at least one of them was born while he was a fugitive, according to an audio tape of the hearing transmitted by state TV. Tried in absentia and convicted of dozens of murders, faces multiple life sentences, he is. Local media estimates he killed up to 50 people. He is set to be imprisoned for are two bombings in Sicily in 1992 that murdered top anti-Mafia prosecutors, Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino. Among other grisly crimes he was convicted of is the murder of a Mafia turncoat's young son, who was strangled and his body dissolved in a vat of acid. The arrest came 30 years and a day after the January 15, 1993, capture in 1993 of convicted “boss of bosses” Salvatore “Toto” Riina, in a Palermo apartment after 23 years on the run. Messina Denaro went into hiding in summer of that same year, as the Italian state waged a crackdown on the Sicilian crime syndicate following the murders of Falcone and Borsellino. Italian Premier Giorgia Meloni tweeted that Messina Denaro's capture is a “great victory of the state, which shows that it doesn't surrender in the face of the Mafia.” Italy's Mafia boss who set the record for the longest time on the lam was Bernardo Provenzano, captured in a farmhouse near Corleone, Sicily, in 2006 after 38 years as a fugitive. Once Provenzano was in police hands, the hunt focused on Messina Denaro, but despite numerous reported sightings of the boss, he managed to elude arrest, until Monday. That all three top bosses were ultimately arrested in the heart of Sicily while they conducted decades of a clandestine life won't surprise Italy's police and prosecutors. Law enforcement have long said that such bosses rely on contacts and confidentiality of fellow mobsters and complicit family members to move the fugitives from hideout to hideout, supply basic needs, like food and clean clothing and communication, and a code of silence known as “omerta.”