Content creator @thepropertyguy uses his TikTok account to share "all things property". He advised Britons on how to tell the difference between double glazing being broken and condensation. He showed an example of what each looks like on his TikTok, demonstrating that condensation inside can be rubbed off with a finger, but broken double glazing means the condensation is trapped between the two panes of glass. He said: "This is condensation and this is failed double glazing. You'll get condensation when there's moisture in the air it can cause damp so it's best to open a window or get a moisture catcher. "With failed double glazing, the moisture is between the window panes and it's a sign that double glazing has failed. "You will start to lose heat through the window so it's best to get them repaired or replaced." READ MORE: Mum fixes condensation that left windows 'like a water park' with £30 Amazon buy Condensation on either the inside or outside of your windows is normal, although they mean different things. Condensation inside your windows shows the room is not well-ventilated. There is moisture in the air causing condensation in this case. It can be resolved by opening the windows or using a dehumidifier. Condensation on the outside of the window shows the double glazing is working well to keep the heat inside, and the cold air outside is reacting to this. However, condensation between the glass indicates a bigger problem. This means the seal in the double glazing has broken, and the double glazing should probably be replaced. DON'T MISSDad's 'game changer' hack to eradicate 'damp & condensation' [PROPERTY] Stop condensation on windows with ingenious and cheap DIY dehumidifier [HOME] 2 methods to stop condensation forming on your bedroom windows [EXPLAINED] Condensation between the glass is a big sign of failed double glazing, but there are other signs too. Signs your double glazing has failed include: Failed double glazing will eventually mean the home is less effective at retaining heat and will lose money for the bill payer in the long run. The average cost per window to replace double glazing is around £120, according to Checkatrade. If you are dealing with condensation and not broken double glazing, one mum posted her method to totally eliminate condensation on her windows. TikTok content creator Sammie Bromley, a professional cleaner and mum-of-three, uses her TikTok @sams_sparkle_cleaning account to show off her amazing cleaning tips. Sammie said: "I got a dehumidifier and coated the windows with washing-up liquid. The results are amazing." She exclaimed: "(We) suffered with condensation for so many years in the winter, causing mould. We brought a dehumidifier due to so many people advising one and used the hack with the washing up liquid."