Newcastle boss Eddie Howe reportedly wants to bring in another attacker before the January window closes after allowing Chris Wood to leave for Nottingham Forest on loan with talks already taking place for a deal to sign Anthony Gordon. Newcastle have been one of the surprise packages in the Premier League this season after fighting off a relegation battle just last year. While big sums of money have been spent in the market, Howe's earned high praise for getting the best out of players such as Miguel Almiron, Joelinton and Joe Willock. Howe's stewardship has helped the side push into the Champions League qualifying spots heading into the final few months of the campaign. The January window is seen as an opportunity to further strengthen their squad, but Howe warned at the start of the month that finances would be tight due to Financial Fair Play matters. But Wood's loan move to Nottingham Forest has opened up a spot in Howe's squad at Newcastle and the Magpies are looking at bringing in a replacement before the window closes. According to the Daily Mail, Everton star Gordon has emerged as a top target for Newcastle. The report states that Newcastle have begun 'formal talks' with the Merseyside outfit to try and thrash out a deal.  Everton had previously been demanding a fee in the region of £60million when Chelsea were showing interest this past summer. But it's suggested that a package worth around £40million in total would be enough to get it done. However, Newcastle are prepared to swiftly move on from Gordon if Everton begin playing hardball in negotiatons. It's said that Newcastle's representatives are speaking to 'several European clubs' as they scour the market for alternative attackers. That contingency plan suggests Newcastle will be looking to bring someone in before the transfer window closes in January 31.  Newcastle have been lacking goals in recent weeks having failed to score in three of their last four games. Alexander Isak and Callum Wilson are now back and available for Howe, with the former making his long-awaited return in the FA Cup earlier this month. Joelinton and Almiron have been the go-to options in the wide areas either side of Wilson while Allan Saint-Maximin and Jacob Murphy have filled in as role players recently. For Everton, Gordon has been a rare bright spark despite their dreadful form which led to Frank Lampard's dismissal this week. Only Demarai Gray has scored more than the 21-year-old for Everton this season with the 21-year-old also being tipped as a future England international.