Certain pharmacies, including some Boots stores, offer a Minor Ailment Scheme, which allows them to provide people who don’t pay for prescriptions with medicines for minor illnesses, such as colds, coughs, eczema, and head lice, for free on the NHS. Currently, the Minor Ailment Scheme is widely available across Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland, but only in selected pharmacies across England. The medicines covered by the scheme can also be different depending on where the person lives, so it’s suggested that people talk to their local pharmacy to find out more about what they offer. To get the free medicine, people must be eligible for free prescriptions and may need to also bring proof of this. A total of 15 groups can qualify for free NHS prescriptions, and they include the following.  READ MORE: DWP benefit could pay extra £4,800 on top of state pension  The groups eligible for free NHS prescriptions include people who:  DON'T MISS: Universal Credit claimants could get help with mortgage payments [INSIGHT]Simple heating swap can reduce bills by '£115 yearly' [EXPLAINED]Four in ten Brits feel their finances are in chaos, study finds [ANALYSIS]    For further clarification on whether or not their eligible, people can use the NHS’ three-minute tool that allows them to quickly check more accurately. While the scheme can differ between locations, the illnesses it covers can often include: READ MORE: Brilliant heating hack using a tea light leaves room 'like a sauna'   This list is not exhaustive and people can visit their pharmacies to find out more. NHS prescription costs can still bear a significant burden on those who aren’t entitled to free prescriptions but still experience financial difficulties. However, there are additional methods of support available to help people with fees. Measures include pre-payment certificates (PPC) and the NHS low-income scheme. PPCs cover all prescriptions at a set price and generally save people money if they need more than three items in three months or 11 items in 12 months. This is because while a prescription typically costs £9.35 per item, a PPC costs £30.25 for three months, and £108.10 for 12 months.  The NHS low-income scheme is available to those who don’t have savings or capital of over £6,000 and must be at least one of the following: The amount of help given depends on the person’s weekly income and necessary outgoings, plus any savings or investments the person has at the time of applying. Any help the eligible person is entitled to will also be available for their partner, if they have one. People can apply for the scheme through the NHSBSA website, here. 