Supermodel Veronika Rajek has defended Tom Brady after his Tampa Bay Buccaneers were defeated in the NFL playoffs this past weekend, ending their season and potentially his NFL career. The 2016 Miss Slovakia winner and OnlyFans star has been a huge Brady admirer for a number of years, naming herself a super-fan as she has attempted a number of games, and was seen at the Raymond James Stadium earlier this year to see the Bucs defeat the New Orleans Saints. And Rajek was devastated to see her hero's season end on Monday night, after the Buccaneers were comfortably defeated by the Dallas Cowboys, with Brady struggling in the game along with the Buccaneers defence being dominated by the Cowboys. The supermodel defended Brady, insinuating that he could not have done more in the loss and should be devoid of criticism for the performance. She wrote: "I'm just sorry. But one guy cannot play for everyone on the field. TB you did your best like always. But one piece of puzzle does not make the picture." Brady threw for 350 yards, two touchdowns and one interception in the loss, but did not look his usual elite self as he made a few mistake and looked hesitant in the game, wary of the Cowboys pass-rushing attack. After their playoff exit, Brady will now have a huge decision to make on his future - whether he'll remain in the NFL and with the Buccaneers, join a new team or walk away from the sport. Brady did decide to retire last season but pulled a sensational u-turn and returned to the sport and signed a new one-year deal with the Buccaneers. But after a disappointing season with the Florida organisation, with Brady showing that he still has it in him to play at an elite level, he could decide to join a new team. The Las Vegas Raiders, San Francisco 49ers and New York Jets have all been linked with a move for Brady, who all have a roster set up for the 45-year-old to step in and make them immediate Super Bowl contenders. If Brady does retire, he is set to walk into a analyst and commentary role with FOX Sports, after signing a 10-year, $350million deal last season to join once he retires.