The Queen Consort Camilla’s former bodyguard, Mark Andrews, has been moved to the role of King Charles’s head driver as Buckingham Palace shakes up its staff. The former Met Police firearms officer, who has protected the royals for 20 years, is set to provide extra protection alongside police bodyguards in the buildup to the King’s coronation on May 6. Mr Andrews used to be the head of the Queen Consort’s police protection team until his retirement last year aged 40. He will replace the King’s current head driver Tim Williams who is retiring. Ex-Scotland Yard commander John O’Connor told The Sun: "He is clearly trusted and highly regarded by them, but there is the added importance of security, especially with the coronation coming up." One source even said he would "jump in front of a flying bullet" to protect members of The Firm. READ MORE: Five ways the Royal Family have subtly hit back at Harry and Meghan’s claims Camilla reportedly came to trust Mr Andrews following a heated situation where rioters attacked the royal limo which was driving Charles and Camilla to a London theatre in 2010. The source said the incident left Camilla "shaken" but led to her entrusting Mark and putting "reliance" on him. Andrews also accompanied Charles and Camilla on their Caribbean tour in 2019. Charles visited St Lucia, St Vincent, the Grenadines, St Kitts and other areas on the 12-day tour. His role change is said to have upset members of the Buckingham Palace staff who fear being replaced by Royal Household colleagues from Clarence House – Charles and Camilla’s living quarters. Camilla has spoken about her preference for a small number of staff in the past. She is said to be determined to keep a close group of staff by her side. In September as many as a hundred staff of the King and Queen Consort were told they could lose their jobs as the new monarch thins out the institution. Staff including private secretaries, the financial office and communications team and household staff received the notification during the thanksgiving service for the late Queen at St Giles’ Cathedral in Edinburgh on September 12. In the letter, the King’s top aide Sir Clive Alderton said the need for various posts would "no longer be needed".   Alderton continued: "I appreciate that this is unsettling news and I wanted to let you know of the support that is available at this point." Despite the warning, he confirmed those staff who give the King and Queen Consort "direct, close, personal support and advice" would not be threatened.   The King’s coronation is set to take place on a bank holiday Saturday that falls on Monday 8 May. The ceremony in Westminster Abbey is expected to attract millions of people to the streets of London. Last month an urgent review of royal security took place following protests, including one where the monarch was targeted by egg-throwing activists. On a visit to York, an egg was thrown at the King in the middle of a visit to York. 