Max Verstappen lives the life of luxury with the double world champion enjoying some of the finest cars, holidays and property around. Verstappen burst onto the F1 scene back in 2016 and has since reached the summit with back-to-back titles under his belt. Express Sport takes a look at his incredible lifestyle. The Dutchman lives close to former title rival Lewis Hamilton with the pair both in the Fontvieille district in Monaco. Despite his incredible success, Verstappen is not believed to own the Monaco penthouse himself. The double world champion instead chooses to rent the property, suggesting he doesn’t intend on remaining in the Principality forever. Not much is known about the inside of Verstappen's house, but he regularly posts images of him working out. Snaps show he has a purpose-built indoor gym while he also likes to train on this balcony with the incredible views of the Mediterranean. Verstappen has even been photographed rididng jet skis in the Monaco harbour. READ MORE: David Coulthard disagrees with Max Verstappen on Drive to Survive Verstappen has been publicly dating Brazilian model Kelly Piquet since January 2021. She is the daughter of three-time F1 champion Nelson Piquet who was embroiled in controversy last season after he made an apparent racist remark about Lewis Hamilton. Kelly was in a relationship with ex-F1 star Daniil Kvyat, who Verstappen replaced at Red Bull. Verstappen now also helps look after Kvyat and Piquet's daughter, Penelope. Verstappen enjoyed an exotic beach getaway with girlfriend Kelly and sister Victoria over the winter. The Red Bull star was spotted kissing Kelly while swimming in the sea on a trip to St Barts in the Caribbean. Last year, Verstappen enjoyed a trip to the Caribbean and Sint Maaren during F1’s summer break. DON'T MISSHamilton's 'contract proposal to Mercedes' sums up Verstappen view [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen called out for 'fuelling toxicity' after meltdown [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen has online meltdown after retiring from Le Mans race [COMMENT] The Red Bull star has a priceless collection of some of the most stunning cars on the market. Swiss newspaper Blick claimed Verstappen purchased a stunning £323,800 ($400,000) Porsche 911 GT3 RS after winning his first F1 race in Spain back in 2016. Red Bull’s collaboration with Aston Martin is also evident with a series of the British manufacturer's models in Verstappen’s garage. He reportedly has the keys to a beautiful DB11 as well as owning a Vantage and a DBS Superleggera. Verstappen is also believed to own a rare Aston Martin Valkyrie, designed by Red Bull’s very own Adrian Newey. The double world champion owns a Dassault Falcon 900EX which he regularly uses to travel between races. The plane reportedly has a bar inside while two of its 12 seats can be reclined to make a bed. The aircraft is understood to have been built back in 2009 when Vertapepn was just 12 years old. Verstappen is a keen gamer and takes part in some of the most prestigious online events in his spare time. The F1 legend is even part of his own online race squad, Team Redline. Verstappen took part in the iconic Le Mans 24 Hours Virtual in January but threw a strop after a driver error ended his chances of victory. The Dutchman also has a keen interest in road cycling and has been spotted on a bike in several Red Bull press videos. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Verstappen is worth a staggering £56.7m ($70m). He is one of the highest-paid drivers on the grid with Forbes reporting he was paid a staggering £48.5m ($60m) last season. They claim he was given a base salary of £32.4m ($40m) but topped up his take home with £16.2m ($20m) in bonuses for winning the world championship.