Liverpool could be facing a tough battle to qualify for next season's Champions League after Jurgen Klopp hinted that he will not be looking to improve his midfield ranks before the January transfer window slams shut. The Reds have already moved to strengthen their squad with the addition of PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo but have been widely tipped to explore the idea of signing a new playmaker in order to provide some much-needed strength in depth this winter. The likes of Jude Bellingham, Moises Caicedo and Enzo Fernandez have all been mentioned in connection with Liverpool over the last few weeks, although it remains to be seen whether any will be snapped up before the all-important deadline. Klopp appeared to hint that Liverpool's mid-season business is already done when quizzed on the likelihood of further additions on Sunday, telling reporters that the Merseyside giants need to be realistic in terms of how much they can spend."I am here seven years and it is every window, pretty much the same, we talk about these things as though money didn’t play a role, it is never like this," explained Klopp."We sign an outstanding player like Cody Gakpo and the next player you can read [about]. We cannot play like Monopoly. Of course we cannot just spend and never could. It is a big part of my philosophy, working full of faith and trust with the players we have and not constantly telling them we need another player in the position. JUST IN: Tottenham line up double Inter Milan swoop to placate frustrated Conte "With Cody, the quality he has, the timing and if we wait until the summer he will be more expensive, it makes sense. It is clear that you need real quality in all positions and two teams with the same level that you can rotate and that is what we can prepare. Now that people are surprised when we say we cannot start splashing the cash, that should be really clear."Although Klopp is seemingly adamant that reinforcements are not desperately required at Liverpool, it would be silly to assume that their current options in the engine room will be enough to get them back to the Premier League's upper reaches without too much trouble. Their midfielders have consistently failed to protect the back four on numerous occasions this season, while the likes of Fabinho, James Milner and Jordan Henderson have massively declined over the last few months and could be over the hill at this stage of their respective careers. Thiago Alcantara is Liverpool's best midfielder but has struggled to find some much-needed consistency throughout his time at Anfield, while Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will be out of contract in the summer and are widely expected to leave at the end of the season. The rest of their midfield options are either too young and inexperienced or not strong enough defensively to justify playing on a weekly basis for Liverpool, although they will have every chance of flourishing into well-rounded assets over the next few years.The time for improvement is now, though, with the Reds four points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester United as things stand and in need of greater quality in the middle of the park for the rest of the campaign. However, only time will tell if Klopp eventually decides to revisit his transfer stance over the coming weeks, with any failure to strengthen in midfield potentially set to be the difference between Champions League qualification or a place in the Europa League next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.