Prince Harry shared a personal insight into his relationship with his stepmother, Camilla, in a new interview with "Good Morning America" co-anchor Michael Strahan. In his upcoming book, Spare, the Duke claims the royal institution fed stories to the British press and refused to set the record straight on false reports, insinuating that Camilla, although well-meaning, may have been one of the actors. Speaking to GMA’s Michael Strahan in this morning’s interview, he expanded on this as he said: “I have a huge amount of compassion for [Camilla], you know, being the third person within my parents’ marriage." The Duke continued: “She had a reputation or an image to rehabilitate, and whatever conversations happened, whatever deals or trading was made right at the beginning, she was led to believe that that would be the best way to do it. “And I don’t have a problem with any member of my family needing to rehabilitate their image, but if that rehabilitation or that relationship with, in this case, the British tabloids, comes at the cost of my girlfriend or my family -- my close family or my larger family -- then I draw a line at that.” Speaking to GMA’s Michael Strahan in this morning’s interview, the Duke stressed that Camilla would have acted in good faith. READ MORE: Prince Harry's explosive memoir backfires spectacularly as popularity plunges to new low The Duke said: “Whatever conversations happened, whatever deals or trading was made right at the beginning, she was led to believe that that would be the best way of doing it.” Asked about what his relationship with Camilla is like now, Harry said: “We haven’t spoken for a long time. I love every member of my family, despite the differences, so when I see her we’re perfectly pleasant with each other. "She's my stepmother. I don't look at her as an evil stepmother. "I see someone who has married into this institution and done everything that she can to improve her reputation and her own image, for her own sake." DON'T MISSPrince Harry slammed as 'paranoid and unhinged' after interview [LATEST]Kevin McCarthy faces more turmoil in congress [REPORT]Idaho murders suspect's friend talks about his drug use [INSIGHT] Prince Harry also told the US breakfast show that his grandmother had never told him she was angry with him for wanting to change his royal role. He said he thought she was "sad" it had reached that point but was powerless to do anything, likely believing that senior palace aides called the shots. "I had many, many conversations with her both in the UK over the years and in the run-up to the point of this change, so it was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her," he said. "She knew what was going on. She knew how hard it was. I don't know whether she was in a position to be able to change it." Harry spoke about his current relationship with his brother and father. The Duke of Sussex said the divide between him and his family "couldn't be greater" when asked whether his tell-all memoir would cause a further rupture with his father and brother. Harry told Good Morning America: "I thought about it long and hard, and as far as I see it the divide couldn't be greater before this book." He said he hoped that "me and my family can reconcile", but added the first thing "is accountability". ABC News reached out to Kensington Palace and Buckingham palace for response to Harry’s remarks in our interview. Kensington Palace declined to comment. ABC News received a response from the law firm representing Buckingham Palace Monday saying that the palace needed to "consider exactly what is said in the interview and the context in which it appears," and asked that we supply them immediately with a copy of the entire interview. The news organisation said it does not do that as a matter of policy. Neither Kensington Palace, the office of William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, nor Buckingham Palace, the office of Charles and Camilla, the Queen Consort, have commented on "Spare".