Teachers Building Society (TBS) has confirmed the launch of a new one-year fixed rate ISA account. This savings account will pay an interest rate of 3.75 percent tax-free pa/ AER, and will be fixed until February 14, 2024. The minimum balance of this savings account is £1,000 while the maximum balance for savers is £250,000. Those interested in taking out Teachers Building Society’s new ISA can apply online via the organisation's website. No withdrawals from the account are permitted and early closure of the ISA is allowed but subject to a 90-day penalty interest charge. It should be noted that Teachers Building Society mainly offers savings and mortgage deals for those working in the education sector. However, this latest ISA deal is available to savers in the UK from any profession, not just those in teaching. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come David Leek, the commercial Director at Teachers Building Society, highlighted why the financial institution is offering this new savings account. He explained: “Our new one year fixed rate ISA provides a tax-free, highly competitive interest rate for savers looking for a secure home for their money before the end of the current tax-year. “Those who choose Teachers Building Society can benefit from an additional ‘feel-good factor’, knowing that by saving with us, they are directly supporting our mission to help more teachers buy their first homes.” Banks and building societies have hiked interest rates on their savings and ISA products in recent months in light of the UK’s soaring consumer price index (CPI) rate of inflation. As it stands, inflation is at 10.5 percent for December which is a slight drop from the month before but still extremely high. To combat this issue, the Bank of England has raised the nation’s base rate over the space of nine months to 3.5 percent, which banks and building societies have been passing on to savers. However, despite some interest rate boosts, there are still concerns that inflation is eating away at peoples’ returns on their savings. Jenny Holt, the managing director for Customer Savings and Investments at Standard Life, shared her concerns for savers. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing She explained: “Inflation isn’t going away quickly, running to double-digits for the fourth consecutive month, and with the cost-of-living crisis entering a second year the impact on household savings has started to kick-in, in earnest. “Even if, as forecast, inflation subsides gradually through the year and annual inflation for 2023 comes in around seven percent- well below the current level- £10,000 saved in a best buy easy-access cash-based savings account today, earning three percent interest, would be worth around £9,580 in real terms by next January. “This in anyone’s money is a significant loss of purchasing power at a time when many household staples are also doubling in price.” The finance expert outlined why savers must prioritise putting their cash away for a rainy day and encouraged the “longer-term” investment of ISAs. Ms Holt added: “These figures highlight the importance of ensuring your savings are working as hard as possible for you. “For those able to take a longer-term view, putting cash into investments via an ISA or pension provides the potential for returns that can match- or even beat- inflation over the longer term as well as additional tax efficient benefits.” Customers looking to take advantage of this year’s current ISA allowance have until the end of the tax year, April 5, 2023, to get the most out of this ISA. The next announcement by the Bank of England regarding the base rate, which may affect interest rates going forward, will take place on February 2, 2023.