As the Monaco royal recovers, the family of Princess Charlene have been forced deny "totally false" rumours regarding reports that they were planning to move to be closer to the Princess, her husband and their two children. The Daily Mail had previously reported that Charlene's parents were planning to move not far from the Palace of Monaco. This is a claim that those close to Charlene have quickly denied. The previous rumours suggested that Charlene's parents, who currently live in the town of Benoni in South Africa, were planning to move closer to Monaco. Sources reportedly told the Daily Mail on January 12 that Lynette and Michael Wittstock were planning to move to La Turbie. However, there were reasons to believe these reports to be false. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'really missed a trick' to counter Harry's narrative This information was quickly denied by Charlene's family, as reported by the website News24. Speaking on behalf of Charlene's parents, her sister-in-law Chantell Wittstock pointed out the rumours to be "totally false". She added that "Michael and Lynette are still in Benoni" and have "no intention of moving to Monaco". Despite this, it is reported that Charlene is very close to her parents and, even with the distance between them, they are very present in their daughter's life. READ MORE: Meghan Markle tipped to dwarf Harry's Spare success if she releases 'pure Disney' memoir A royal expert, named Bertrand Deckers, pointed out to Gala.fr that Charlene regularly communicates with them. Following the start of her ill health, Charlene's parents came to support her when she was staying at a private clinic in Switzerland. Princess Charlene married Prince Albert II of Monaco in 2011. The pair share two children, twins Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, who are now eight-years-old. DON'T MISS Prince Harry has done more damage to Royal Family than Andrew - poll (POLL)POLL – Should UK cities hold a vote on rented e-scooter ban? (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) In September 2022, Charlene attended the state funeral of Queen Elizabeth II in the UK. She attended the funeral with her husband, Prince Albert II of Monaco. Speaking to People magazine, Prince Albert has confirmed that he and Charlene will be in attendance at the King's coronation in May. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega