On Monday's instalment of Emmerdale, Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) accused Sam Dingle (James Hooton) of stealing his gold watch. When Caleb Milligan (Will Ash) saw things were getting heated between the men, he stepped in to separate them. Kim Tate (Claire King) was left frustrated when she realised she'd fallen out with Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) over nothing when her husband Sam's innocence was proved, and she ended up clashing with hotheaded Will. When the mystery of the missing watch was solved on the ITV soap, Kim asked Will to apologise to Caleb for the way he lashed out at the soap newcomer. He reluctantly agreed to apologise to Caleb who instantly forgave the loveable rogue for his outburst. Later on, Caleb told Kim he was looking forward to working with her in the near future and she seemed equally excited. After Caleb shook hands with Kim, he told Will: "Thanks for the apology - it was really big of you." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat The moment Caleb left Kim's house, Will fumed: "We need to talk about that clown for a start." He continued: "It's not just about the watch, it's about you not supporting me." Will told her she should not be doing business with Caleb and warned her she would "regret ever getting involved with him". Kim wasn't having any of it and snapped back at Will, leaving fans wondering whether she might be about to embark on an affair with Caleb in episodes yet to air.  Ashley Grace tweeted: "You can sense a fling brewing between Caleb and Queen Kimbo #emmerdale." Swalk said: "Even more reason now for Kim to get jiggy with Caleb to escape her manchild husband! #Emmerdale." Charity added: "I hope Kim has an affair with Caleb, to be honest..." Charne remarked: "Will is becoming so needy!! The man needs humbling and I [like] Kim being with a powerful man like Caleb #emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale bosses confirm harrowing plot for Paddy Kirk [UPDATE]Emmerdale fans 'work out' true identity of Will Taylor's watch thief [THEORY]Emmerdale's Priya star admits she's 'not stop crying' over exit [INTERVIEW] James shared: "Awful again ruining Kim and Lydia's friendship for some s**t short-term storyline. "I can already feel a Will and Caleb feud resulting in a Kim and Caleb affair or something." Meanwhile, Leanne White had different ideas and commented: "Why do I think Nicky [the nanny] is Caleb’s son and they are working together to bring Kim down #emmerdale?"  Caleb made his Emmerdale debut in December as Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) long-lost brother. While most of the Dingles have accepted him, he has rubbed Will and Cain up the wrong way for weeks. Would Caleb be brazen enough to make a move on businesswomen Kim in upcoming scenes? Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV. 