The Masked Singer is returning to ITV on New Year's Day and fans have been busy trying to work out who is behind this year's outlandish costumes. Ahead of the new series airing, fans believe a Eurovision star is Phoenix after spotting clues in the trailer and the disguise. Eagle-eyed viewers who have been closely studying the trailer for the new season think the mystery star behind Phoenix has been all over the television recently. Some are certain UK Eurovision 2022 contestant Sam Ryder is behind the Phoenix mask. Sam rose to fame with his song Space Man which he performed at last year's Eurovision Song Contest when he came runner-up to Ukraine. Taking to Reddit, one user said: "For me, Phoenix, it's very possible it could be Sam Ryder," to which another fan replied: "If it is, I might just scream." READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation The suggestions came after Phoenix gave a clue about filling stadiums. Fans also noted the character looked a similar height to the 33-year-old singer who is 5ft 10ins. Other fans highlighted how Phoenix cannot hold a microphone as it has wings and linked it to how Sam usually sings with a microphone stand. Another fan shared his hopes about Sam appearing on the Masked Singer on New Year's Eve. Josh tweeted: "Imagine Sam Ryder on the Masked Singer, he has such versatility that he could probably impersonate any artist he wanted to."  However, the judges Davina McCall, Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross and Mo Gilligan will have to determine who is behind the mask. Davina said there was a huge range of talent in this series, saying: "What’s nice about this show is it's not a talent contest. "They’re very, very good at getting a real mixture of unbelievable breathtaking talent, that if they're not a singer, you're thinking, 'Well, you should be'. "I think, with a mask on, there's no embarrassment or self-consciousness going on, so they really just let rip and do what they do best. DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer UK is back for season 4 [UPDATE]The Masked Singer cast explained with crazy new costumes  [EXPLAINER]I'm A Celeb's Matt Hancock favourite to star on another ITV show  [INSIGHT]  "But then at the same time, there are also some people that aren’t trained singers." The characters this year include Jacket Potato, Piece of Cake, Pigeon, Rhino, Rubbish, Cat and Mouse, Ghost, Jellyfish, Knitting and Otter. Cat and Mouse are the first duo of the show and they have already attracted a wave of attention. Host Joel Dommett said: "They are great. Weirdly, you would've thought, because there are two of them, it’d be easier to guess, but it's harder, I think.  "It's really difficult because there are two of them, you can't hear the voice as much. So, it's very interesting." Last year's winner was Torn hitmaker Natalie Imbruglia who was Panda during the series. Welsh songstress Charlotte Church was the runner-up and she was revealed as Mushroom. The Masked Singer returns to ITVX and ITV1 on January 1 at 6.30pm. 