Everton have reportedly held talks with former Leeds coach Marcelo Bielsa over the vacant head coach job just hours after Frank Lampard was brutally axed by Farhad Moshiri. The Argentinian has emerged as the frontrunner to take the job after the club announced Lampard had left his job on Monday evening, with the club down in the relegation zone following a dismal run of form. Bielsa has been without a job since he was sacked by Leeds in February 2022, with Jesse Marsch replacing the popular 67-year-old after the Yorkshire club had fallen into the relegation zone. Marsch eventually kept Leeds up on the final day of the season, but many fans have called for Bielsa's return. However, it appears that the veteran boss could now be in the opposition dugout next time he turns up at Elland Road after holding talks with Everton owner Farhad Moshiri, according to the Daily Mail. Bielsa is the Toffees' top choice to replace Lampard, who was sacked after a run of nine defeats in 12 games following their 2-0 defeat to West Ham. The report claims Moshiri approached Bielsa for talks just hours after it was announced Lampard would be leaving. READ MORE: Everton sack Frank Lampard as West Ham defeat final straw for club The report claims Bielsa demanded to know what the club's transfer strategy is before making a decision on whether to take the job, with only a week left of the winter transfer window before the deadline on January 31. Everton have blown over £500m on signings since Moshiri took control in 2016 but have gradually regressed on the pitch after poor recruitment choices. The departure of sporting director Marcel Brands in the summer underlined failures in the transfer market which have led Everton fans to call for the board to step down. And the pressure is on the likes of Moshiri and chairman Bill Kenwright to get their next appointment right amid rising tensions amongst the fanbase. Only weeks ago, the pair were reportedly warned to stay away from a home match due to safety concerns. DON'T MISSIan Wright issues Everton fans apology after Match of the Day commentsEverton classify next home match vs Arsenal as 'high risk' in new lowChelsea and Spurs target Gordon 'receives offer' after fan incident Lampard struck a respectable relationship with the fans in his 11-month stint in charge but results forced the club to act after Everton slumped to 19th in the table. The Merseyside outfit have made their worst-ever start to a season with only 15 points from 20 games. The club statement thanked Lampard, 44, for his efforts in a statement released on Monday evening: "Frank and his team's commitment and dedication have been exemplary throughout their time at the club, but recent results and the current league position meant this difficult decision had to be taken," added a club statement. It remains to be seen whether Bielsa will be placed in charge in time for their next match, with a tricky fixture against Premier League leaders Arsenal to come on February 4. Sean Dyche and Ralph Hasenhuttl have both been linked with the job by bookmakers. Leighton Baines and Paul Tait have been placed in temporary charge, with the search for a permanent manager underway.