Besiktas are reportedly trying to terminate Dele Alli’s loan deal following his underwhelming performances in Turkey. The 26-year-old joined Besiktas on a temporary deal from Everton in August but has only played nine times for the club. Alli made the switch to Turkey after falling down the pecking order at Goodison Park. The Toffees had only bought the ace seven months earlier after agreeing a deal worth up to £40million to prise him away from Tottenham. Alli made his Besiktas debut against Sivasspor in late August and bagged his first goal for the club less than a week later in a 3-2 victory over Ankaragucu. But the former Spurs star has cut a frustrated figure for much of his time in Turkey and hasn’t started a league game since October. In December, Alli suffered the ignominy of being hauled off after just 29 minutes when his side took on Sanliurfaspor in the cup. Besiktas were 2-0 down at the time but went on to win the match 4-2. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Besiktas are facing difficulties sending Alli back to England, however, as Everton are not keen to have him back, according to Turkish publication Sabah. Alli appeared in two Premier League games in August, which means the Toffees would not be able to send him off on loan elsewhere should he arrive back in the north west. That means the club would have to shoulder the burden of his salary. Alli earns nearly £9,000 extra every time he plays for Besiktas. And he is increasingly looking likely to stay where he is until the end of the season. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile  “I’m delighted to have signed for Everton, a huge club with a great fanbase and history,” Alli said after putting pen-to-paper on a two-and-a-half year deal at Goodison Park. “I'm eager to get started and can't wait for my first game in an Everton shirt. “I’m looking forward to helping the team and the opportunity to work with the new manager Frank Lampard. I've had a few good conversations with him (Lampard) already, he's a player I admired through his whole career watching him. I'm pleased to work with him, it's very exciting, I'm sure we can do great things together. “I just want to be happy playing football. Working with Lampard, and the great players Everton have got, is a great opportunity for me to do that. I'm excited to go there, show the fans what I can do, and help the club as much as I can.” 