Channel 4 viewers can look forward to a new episode of The Dog House tonight as rescue pooches hope to get matched with new families. Ahead of the heartwarming docu-series airing, Woodgreen Pets Charity team member Helen Prestage reflected on a retired couple who "couldn't function without a dog". Helen has been part of the trust where the show is filmed for more than a decade.   Helen has worked at the charity in Cambridgeshire for the past 14 years and she moved over to the matching side of the shelter five years ago. She has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about rehoming stories she has experienced which were particularly poignant to her. Helen recalled: "There was a lovely couple who were retired and I had that initial chat with them to find out what they wanted. "I was just expecting them to want a nice small dog which could be a lap dog."  READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event "They turned around and said they had just lost their Staffie and would love another Staffie," she exclaimed. "That’s so rare to hear." Helen explained how "our generation's views" of breeds like the Staffordshire Bull Terrier are very different to the retired generations' opinions. The breed used to have a reputation for being tough with aggressive tendencies but they are now renowned for being gentle and docile canines. Helen continued: "The couple came in and they were desperate for a Staffie and they said they would take anything you’ve got just as long as it wasn’t too strong.  "They had had their dog for a long time and lost it to old age, and their dog was their whole life. "Their dog didn’t want for anything, and they had always rescued and the woman that I spoke to got quite emotional, and I got quite emotional. "You think you get used to speaking to people about things like that and she really tugged at the heartstrings." Helen and the couple looked at three or four dogs over the course of six months which could have been rehomed. DON'T MISS...The Dog House fans in tears over boy worried about deaf parents  [VIDEO]The Dog House star feared ‘it was hopeless’ trying to re-home pup [EXCLUSIVE]Heartbreaking photos capture emergency rescue of over 75 dogs [LATEST]  They wanted one which was not too strong as they had young grandchildren and needed a suitable dog who could blend into their lifestyle. Helen reflected: "She’d have taken anything home but we had to get it right for her and we ended up finding a female Staffie who came in as a stray. "They took a chance on her as they didn’t have any history on her, but she was lovely. "They ended up rehoming her and they have kept in contact ever since."   Helen added: "It’s not always the super sad stories, sometimes it’s just that need people have, where without a dog they are completely lost. She didn’t know how to function without a dog." The trust rehomes hundreds of dogs every year and The Dog House has been a huge hit with dog lovers in recent years. The show returned to screens earlier this month following its Christmas special. The Dog House airs on Thursdays at 8pm on Channel 4. 