Toto Wolff has dropped a hint over his potential successor when he eventually steps down as Mercedes boss. The Team Principal has become one of the most integral figures in F1, leading his team to seven drivers' titles, and eight straight Constructors' wins, between 2014 and 2021. This month marks 10 years since Wolff made the move from Williams, but he has plenty to ponder on his anniversary given the problems of his team last year. Both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell were plagued by porpoising and a lack of pace compared to front runners Red Bull, with neither mounting any kind of title challenge. There were improvements in the latter half of the season, with Russell saving the team from the humiliation of going a full year without a race win by taking the chequered flag in Brazil. But since the 2022 campaign Wolff and co have been left reeling by a further blow, with strategy chief James Vowles moving to replace Jost Capito as Team Principal at Williams. The prospect of Vowles becoming a boss in his own right had long been touted, having been identified as a key figure in Wolff and the team's success. And now the Austrian has implied that he could yet return, an interesting prospect given he is now a Team Principal and arguably, would in all likelihood only come back back to replace his former boss. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton wants £350m Mercedes deal 'until he's 50' as contract details emerge When asked about the possibility of Vowles returning, Wolff refused to rule it out: "Never say never because he is great," he said, via racingnews365. "I hope that he is going to have a long career as team principal at Williams and hopefully we see him in the press conferences after successful weekends." And referencing his own decade with the Silver Arrows, he added: "He (Vowles) could have a 10-year stint there. You just need to let the bird fly out and do his own thing, and not at that stage anticipating that he is going to come back." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton's 'contract proposal to Mercedes' sums up his Max Verstappen title viewInside Lewis Hamilton’s houses, cars and girlfriend news after amounting £233m fortuneGeorge Russell net worth: Mercedes star’s luxury lifestyle with £13million F1 fund Vowles, 43, seemingly left on good terms, praising the impact of his former team on his career: "This journey in principle has been one that has been in my head for many years, and Toto and Mercedes have been incredibly kind in order to provide me a pathway to get there," he said. "I'm very excited, I think it's a good fit for myself, and I'm looking forward really to working with Williams in order to move forward off the back of the grid. I'm confident we can."