The one sliver of hope Tory MPs have for Rishi Sunak pulling off a miracle victory in the next election, probably in 2024, is that Sir Keir Starmer is so lacking ideas and wooden that he bombs with the electorate. This first PMQs of 2023 seemed to prove that their hopes are very much alive. To say that Mr Sunak won PMQs today is the equivalent of saying England won their first World Cup match against Iran. Like that game it was a six goal thrashing as Starmer struggling to score any goals with his six questions to the Prime Minister. With nurses and ambulance drivers going on strike, waiting lists at record levels and poll ratings for the Tories which suggest John Major's humiliating defeat in 1997 might look pretty good for the Conservatives, how could Starmer miss? And yet he did. In footballing analogy Mr Sunak caught the Labour leader out with a route one long ball. "Why don't you support minimum service levels?" he asked, pointing out that France, Italy and Spain have these laws. with a mischievous smile, he added: "Normally he is in favour of more European alignment." It befuddled Starmer who looked and sounded utterly flumexed. "When I clapped nurses I meant it!" he shouted accusing the Prime Minister of wanting to sack them. But Sunak had more. It turns out the US, Canada and Australia actually ban blue light strikes including the ambulance services. "We are not talking about banning them, just guaranteeing minimum services," he added. And the killer shot: "Could it be that he [Starmer] doesn't support [minimum service guarantees] because of his union paymasters?" The old ones really are the best and in this case another route one shot from outside the box landed in the back of the net for the Prime Minister. READ MORE: Sunak has a fight to remain as PM in 2023 with Boris looming large Poor Sir Keir tried desperately not to trip himself up, but as he stumbled from point to point it looked as though somebody had tied his shoelaces together. For good measure Mr Sunak reminded Starmer that every country has long waiting lists because of the pandemic in the most patronising of tones. "If we had listened to him [Starmer], we would have been in lockdown for even longer and it would have been worse," he added to laughs from the Tory benches, where MPs looked more cheerful than they have done in months. Mr Sunak's confidence may have been helped by the way he dealt with the first question of the session from Labour MP Cat Smith who had hoped to pin him down on his use of private medicine. Nobody quite expected Sunak's honesty about having used "independent" suppliers of medical care but doing so appeared to lift a weight off his shoulders. After all, as he pointed out for the umpteenth time, he is "proud to come from an NHS family" with his father a doctor and mother a pharmacist. So with Starmer routed the way was open for the next match up for the new SNP Westminster leader Steve Flynn to make his mark. Sadly for the SNP, but almost nobody else, it turns out there was a reason that his predecessor Ian Blackford survived so long in the job. DON'T MISS Blow to Sunak as fed up voters say they want a general election [REVEAL] Somehow Starmer was more eloquent when the sound was turned off say [INSIGHT] POLL: Do you support plans to raise State Pension age to 68?  [REACT]