Robson Green's Weekend Escapes is coming to BBC Two and the travel series is set in the North East of England. The actor and singer takes the roads less travelled as he learns to appreciate a slower pace of life. The star told Express.co.uk it made a nice change from his busy work life. The series features Lioness Jill Scott, former Dragon's Den star Sara Davies, journalist Steph McGovern and podcaster Rosie Ramsey to name a few stars. Robson and the gang take it in turns to show viewers the natural beauty of the North East. Their ventures will show the importance of relieving stress and improving mental health. The guests journey on an old steam train, spend the night in a hammock, cycle along the coast and more. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the show's premise, Robson said had been filming Grantchester at the same time. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan He said: "It really was a weekend escape because I was coming back on a Friday evening finishing work at eight o'clock. "Travelling to the North East from London, filming that weekend and then going back to Grantchester on Sunday evening. "It really was a breath of fresh air for me and it reminded me of how important it is to take time out and stay off social media, stay off Zoom. "And doing things that are inherently normal, be it just going for a walk, be it gardening or swimming in the sea. "It's an incredibly life-affirming process. I live in Northumberland, I have never left the North East really and it's a really important place for me because I feel settled when I'm there. "I don't feel settled when I'm in London. Maybe the series reminds us that home is not just your surroundings, it's a feeling." Robson co-produced the series as the director at North-East-based Rivers Meet Productions. The show is part of the BBC's effort to focus on regional projects as it commits to spending £25million in the North East over the next five years. He explained: "This was a tender we put out against 30 other companies, this programme was part of the levelling up programme by the Government with the BBC investing in regions around the country. "The BBC came up with this brief to showcase the North East with ordinary people doing extraordinary things. DON'T MISS... Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update We look at the meaning behind Tommy Lee Royce's song in Happy Valley BBC bias row as viewers fume at 'unbalanced' Kuenssberg panel "You had to be a company within the North East so my company made it and the production team predominantly had to be from the North East. "We came up with maybe we could showcase the North East by taking the roads less travelled to hidden gems. "Meeting ordinary people that do extraordinary things for our mental health and that it doesn't have to cost the earth. "Maybe what's good for you mentally is on your doorstep. "The North East is a huge region, you have got some remarkable landscapes to not only do things in but discover as well. "The guests take me to their favourite places in the North East and they explain why it's important to them to travel to these places. "It was stiff competition and we are thrilled we got the green light for it. "It looks lovely, feels lovely, and it doesn't hit you on the head with the mental health."  Robson Green's Weekend Escapes airs on BBC Two from Monday, January 23 at 6.30pm