Manchester United risk upsetting Casemiro and five others with their reported newly-introduced salary cap. And it could spark problems in the club's attempts to tie Marcus Rashford down to a new contract, with the on-fire forward likely expecting a pay rise in any long-term deal. The Mail report Erik ten Hag and Richard Arnold have introduced a new £200,000-per-week salary cap at Old Trafford to ensure no player is paid significantly more than a team-mate. But it could backfire, with six stars currently earning more than the limit and Rashford's current £200,000-per-week contract edging ever closer to its expiry. Express Sport names the handful of high-earners who could join Rashford in becoming upset by United's new wage policy. David de Gea will be the first impacted by United's 'Cristiano Ronaldo rule' as he continues talks over a contract extension on reduced money. The Spanish goalkeeper is in line for a staggering drop in earnings from the £375,000-per-week contract he penned in 2019. Jadon Sancho is another who many believe is being overpaid on £ 350,000 per week amid a sticky start to life at United, registering eight goals and four assists in 52 games. He will be the club's top earner after De Gea agrees updated terms, which the Red Devils may want to change sooner rather than later. Based on contributions this season alone, Rashford should be earning double. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United lured Raphael Varane away from Real Madrid with a mouth-watering £340,000-per-week deal in 2021. Given his crucial role in Ten Hag's side, it would be difficult to convince him to accept a lower wage. Casemiro is the heart and soul of United this season, earning £300,000 per week - a respectable salary given his career achievements and importance. It would be a surprise to see United attempt to downgrade his deal so soon after recruiting him. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have 'scouse Lionel Messi' with pro boxer older bother Not only is Anthony Martial the club's only available striker while Rashford is on the left, but he's also one of the best-paid stars in Ten Hag's squad. If the Frenchman is to stay beyond 2024 and United have reinforced their options by then, he would likely have to accept a decrease in salary. Bruno Fernandes signed a new contract in April, lasting until 2026, with the option of a further year. He's bound to remain on those terms for the remainder of that deal, matching his role in the squad. Any attempts to reduce his wage could lead to unsettling one of Ten Hag's main talismen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here