Giannis Antetokounmpo is in truly historic form over his last five matches as the Milwaukee Bucks star has now put up stats comparable only to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - the NBA’s all-time leading scorer - back in 1972. Antetokounmpo, who was named NBA MVP in both 2019 and 2020, is averaging 40.6 points per game in his last five matches after going on a scoring tear during the festive season. Antetokounmpo is enjoying another fine campaign, averaging 32.7 points and 12.1 rebounds per contest. His Bucks are impressing too, and currently possess a 25-13 record as they chase a third NBA championship after winning in 2021. Last week, the Bucks suffered a fourth straight defeat when they fell to the Chicago Bulls. with Antetokounmpo producing an extraordinary performance in vain as he put up 45 points, 22 rebounds and seven assists. Against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday, the Greek Freak’s incredible form continued as he scored 43 while snagging 20 rebounds and five assists in the 123-114 win. After he became the first NBA player to put up over 40 points with at least 20 rebounds in successive games since Moses Malone did so in 1982, Antetokounmpo remarkably set a new career-high in scoring with 55 points to go with 10 rebounds and seven assists. READ MORE: LeBron James slammed over Los Angeles Lakers contract decision On Wednesday night, the Bucks escaped their clash with the Toronto Raptors with a 104-101 win after throwing away a 21-point lead in the final three minutes of the fourth quarter. Antetokounmpo was immense once more, putting up 30 points, 21 rebounds and 10 assists in a dominant triple-double. When accounting for the two-time MVP’s 27-point, nine-rebound and three-assist outing on Christmas Day, it means Antetokounmpo has scored 203 points while registering 94 rebounds and 39 assists over his last five games. Those numbers haven't been reached over any five-game stretch since Abdul-Jabbar did it in 1972 - over half a century ago. In his incredible performance against the Raptors, Antetokounmpo also committed 12 turnovers as the Bucks collapsed late in the fourth. Milwaukee gave away five turnovers in the final three minutes - including a five-second violation - while they missed three free throws and gave up four offensive rebounds. DON'T MISSGiannis Antetokounmpo makes NBA history with stats not seen since 1982NBA star Kevin Durant leaves young fan in tears with touching gestureLos Angeles Lakers want to sign two free agents in 2023 to help James Ultimately, Antetokounmpo delivered in overtime as he pulled off a spectacular pass to Grayson Allen - for his 10th assist of the game - to set up the game-sealing bucket. The 28-year-old appeared to be out of control and off-balance before he suddenly retained his coordination to fire the backhanded wrap-around bullet pass to Allen, who delivered on the three-point attempt. Antetokounmpo and the Bucks could close the gap on the Eastern Conference-leading Boston Celtics when they face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday night. The Hornets own a 10-29 record and currently sit bottom of the east.