The families of two high school girls killed in a car crash have pleaded for help after one of the victims' brother was also left in critical condition. Liam Dunn, 20, was in the car plowed into by Officer David Cauthron, 42, on New Year’s Eve. His sister, Maggie Dunn, 17, and Caroline Gill, 16, were pronounced dead at the scene, while Liam was left in critical condition. Liam was left with multiple broken bones and a fractured skull after the collision. According to the Dunn and Martin families, the 20-year-old was “too weak to endure surgery Monday or Tuesday”. Kenny Jones, a family member of Maggie and Liam, said “we are asking for your prayers”. In an emotional Facebook post, he wrote of Liam’s condition: “He will need surgeries. Has a broken femur, tabula, left wrist, fractured skull, and a few other issues. “We are asking for prayers. We don’t know why God took our daughter, but I bet she is running shop up there.” Doctors will attempt surgery again on Wednesday, but the family has appealed for blood donations. They said that donations made to the Our Lady of the Lake RMC Donor Center Main Campus in the name of Liam Dunn would be greatly appreciated. Donors advise those donating they are doing so in honour of Liam, and the family will receive a credit on their medical bill for each donation. Liam is a freshman at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, while his sister and Caroline were cheerleaders at Brusly High School. READ MORE: School cheerleaders killed after 'being crashed into by policeman' The school’s baseball coach Mike Forbes, who coached Liam before he graduated in 2021 and also taught Maggie in the fall, said he didn’t know Liam was in the car initially. “Well, initially I didn’t know Liam was involved. I taught his sister this past semester. And so, it was gut-wrenching, like for many different reasons,” he said. “First and foremost, thinking about my own kids. And how much I need to love on him. But my son is a senior and is a part of their lives. “Part of Liam’s life, a part of Maddie’s life. Initially, you have to think about the effects it’s going to have on you, but we just have to all hug on each other man and day by day we’ll get through this.” DON'T MISSHarry's 60 minutes interview may take 'different form' than OprahPrince Harry has become Meghan Markle's 'puppet' as memoir blastedTaylor Greene in blistering rant as she slams colleagues over McCarthy Mr Cauthron, of the Addis Police Department in the US state of Louisiana, has been charged with two counts of negligent homicide and one count of negligent injury. He had been chasing 24-year-old suspect Tyquel Zander who had allegedly stolen a car after breaking into a home. District Attorney Tony Clayton said Mr Cauthron is now on administrative leave and “has a lot of questions to answer pertaining to his speed and sheer negligence”. “For these kids to not to have been able to start the New Year is inexcusable, but we’ll follow the facts first,” he told WBRZ. “I just can’t put my arms around why (the officer) was driving at that rate of speed in pursuit of this vehicle. “This officer is facing some serious issues.”