TV presenter Lorraine Kelly, 63, has shut down a false social media claim that she lost a whopping one stone in just six weeks. The star called out the Twitter account @gettravl in an angry post on Wednesday. She raged: “This is utter c**p and I have reported.“Please do not believe this utter utter b*****. I’m furious and will be taking legal advice.”The mother-of-one was inundated with support from her fans, including from a user named Cathie who fumed: “Wow that is terrible.“How can they get away with doing that and lying?!” READ MORE:Gary Lineker reunites with ex-wife Danielle amid marriage split Lisa echoed: “Rightly so it’s cashing in on your fame.” And another user named Lisa added: “As I’m sure you know Martin [Lewis] and Deborah Meaden have similar problems with financial scams using their name. Money Saving Expert Martin has spoken repeatedly about his anger at some fraudsters using his name and image to scam vulnerable people. The journalist settled a lawsuit against Facebook in 2019 over its failure to prevent the scam adverts from being published on the site. Martin dropped the lawsuit when Facebook agreed to donate £3million to an anti-scam project with Citizens Advice. Deborah Meaden also had to warn her fans that websites had fabricated recommendations from the Dragons’ Den star to promote a bitcoin scheme. She also tweeted in 2020: “SCAM ALERT: treat any ads for slimming pills, bitcoins, health supplements etc claiming I endorse them treat with extreme caution.  “Search or check my website out. If it’s not there it’s nothing to do with me!!” DON'T MISSAnt McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post[NEWS]Topless Liz Hurley, 57, wishes fans a Happy Christmas in festive post[PICTURES]Jonathan Ross says daughter Betty, 31, is now in wheelchair[LATEST] Lorraine made headlines last year when she showcased her 1.5 stone weight loss to fans and revealed she had dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a “comfortable 10”.In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Lorraine explained she had achieved the results by making “little changes” and not a “stupid, silly diet”.She said: “We all know what is good for us, we all know what we are supposed to eat, so it is about getting that balance right."I'm not bored or miserable and thinking about food all the time, just eating well.” She also urged those trying to lose weight “not to beat yourself up” if you do treat yourself.The 63-year-old added: “Just say, right, I had that, big deal, move on. "There is nothing wrong with having a biscuit with a cup of tea, it’s fine, it’s just about getting the balance.”Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.