The Tampa Bay Buccaneers gave an update on Russell Gage after the receiver exited the playoff defeat to the Dallas Cowboys on a medical cart Monday night. Gage is currently recovering from a serious head injury sustained in the closing moments of the 31-14 defeat. Tom Brady’s Buccaneers were comprehensively defeated by the Cowboys to end the iconic quarterback’s 23rd NFL season. However, the disappointing night was marred by a worrying scene just weeks after Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest on the field in the clash between the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals. Gage was forced to leave the playoff contest on a backboard after he went down awkwardly late in the fourth quarter. The wideout didn’t immediately get back to his feet, which prompted officials and medical professionals to storm the field. The 26-year-old wideout took a violent hit to the head and neck area on the play, which was an incomplete pass. Gage stayed down for several minutes while members of both teams had worried expressions painted over their faces. READ MORE: Ex-NFL star Brown allegedly shares image of sexual act on social media Gage was ultimately strapped to a backboard and rushed to the hospital. After the game, Bucs head coach Todd Bowles confirmed Gage suffered a concussion and was being evaluated for potential neck injuries. On Tuesday, Gage took to social media to assure fans he is on the road to recovery and appreciates the support. He said: “I appreciate all of the texts, calls, thoughts and prayers you all have expressed towards my family and I. “I just wanted to let you all know that I’m doing great and in great spirits! Thank you!” DON'T MISSNFL fans call on Tom Brady to retire after Tampa Bay Buccaneers lossPeyton Manning calls for Dallas Cowboys to cut kicker at half-timeRob Gronkowski opens up on NFL comeback and admits he held talks The Buccaneers also provided an update of Gage’s condition, revealing he has movement in all of his extremities. The team also confirmed Gage is to remain at the hospital to undergo further testing, adding: “We will provide additional information as it becomes available.” Gage’s concerning moment happened just 14 days after Hamlin was rushed to hospital in a similarly worrying scenario on Monday Night Football. The Buffalo safety had to be revived on the field and has since been discharged from hospital.