Novak Djokovic has confirmed he’s talked with Nick Kyrgios about playing a potential practice match ahead of the Australian Open. However, his rival would want shorter sets in order to agree to the exhibition. Both men used to be enemies on the court but, over the past couple of years, have grown closer despite their different characters. Both Djokovic and Kyrgios will be hoping to shine in 2023, in what promises to be another interesting year in the world of tennis. With the beginning of the Australian Open creeping closer, it has previously been reported that Djokovic has reached out to his former enemy to suggest a practice match. And now, in a press conference at the Adelaide International, the Serb has confirmed this. He said: “Well, we are talking with the Australian Open about doing something in a week prior to the start of the tournament. “Yes, I chatted with Nick, and I would like to play with him, and he accepted. But he wants shorter sets. Let's see if that works out.” Djokovic and Kyrgios previously had a tense relationship, with the Australian regularly making digs at the former world No 1. Yet they grew closer after the controversy of this time last year, when Djokovic was denied entry to Australia having refused to get vaccinated against COVID-19. The pair then ended up locking horns in the Wimbledon final, with Kyrgios taking the first set to set London alight. Yet Djokovic was able to rally to win a 21st Grand Slam title, putting him just one behind Rafael Nadal in the history books. His relationship with Kyrgios has even been described as a ‘bromance’, something nobody in the tennis world saw coming two years ago. And Djokovic, when quizzed on what has changed between the pair, has admitted he wasn’t Kyrgios’ ‘favourite guy’ before. “I wasn't his favorite guy - let's take it that way - for many years,” said the 35-year-old, who has won nine Australian Open titles over the course of his glittering career so far. “But he was one of the very few that stood by me last year, and I respect that and appreciate that. “In those moments you can actually see who truly supports you and who is by your side and who goes with, I guess, the flow of the society and the pressures that media puts on you. “He was giving me undivided support in the moments where I was being challenged a lot, and him as an Australian, I respected that a lot.” When asked about his popularity in Australia, following the controversy of last year, Djokovic was coy and insisted he was just grateful for the support of his fans. “I don't have an opinion about that,” he said. “I honestly respect and appreciate the support, all the fans here this year, and particularly of the Serbian community has been very nice to me and to my team and making us feel very welcome. “I’m trying to use that energy that they are giving me to play my best tennis and win a match. “Hopefully I give them some good sensations, as well, good feelings of watching me play, and at the end of the day that's what professional sport is all about, trying to interact with fans and through your game, your performance, and also some other interactions on the court if you have them. “But it's nice. Obviously having a big support is always something that you want and you are wishing for basically.” And, on the next generation of tennis superstars coming through, he singled out Carlos Alcaraz for praise with the Spaniard winning the US Open last year. “Well, I feel like every generation has some great talents to offer,” he said. “I think the age groups may be one or two years' difference. I've seen many talents through the years come through and challenge, I guess, us guys at the top that have been more established at the top of the game. “What Alcaraz has done last season has been extremely impressive and historic for our sport, so he deserves praise, no doubt. He's already now No 1 in the world. There's no higher peak to climb than that one, and already won a Slam, and he's still so young. “I guess we're going to see lots of Alcaraz and Rune in the future.”