The Catch is coming to Channel 5 from January 25 and Jason Watkins plays troubled father Ed Collier. His world is turned upside down when his daughter meets a new man and he fears he will steal her from him. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes there are. The series follows a husband and wife who lost their son and are still struggling to get their lives back on track. The loss turned Ed into an overly-protective father and he worries for the safety of his daughter Abbie (Poppy Gilbert). His fears start to come true when Abbie introduces her new boyfriend Ryan (Aneurin Barnard), who is rich and older than her. He immediately sets Ed on edge and he believes Ryan is not all that he seems. READ MORE: The Catch episode 1 welcomes Jason Watkins to psychological thriller The series is made up of four episodes, which will all air at the same time of 9pm. The hour-long episodes will air weekly every Wednesday, and they will be available to watch on My5 afterwards. Details of what to expect in the first two episodes have already been shared. The synopsis for episode one reads: "Ed Collier, a proud husband, father and local fisherman, finds his life spiralling out of control when a rich and handsome man enters his daughter Abbie's life and threatens to take him away from her." Episode two continues: "Still reeling from the discovery he made on the boat, Ed confides in Bob, who tells him that he has CCTV footage which suggests George could be behind the sabotage. "Desperately seeking answers, Ed decides to contact his old navy comrades, and also secretly employs the services of a private investigator. "Later, on a boat trip with Ryan, Ed receives a disturbing phone call from George." Despite the series being set in the South-East of England, it was actually filmed in Dublin. DON'T MISS... Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' NCIS Hawaii actor Noah Mills is the tallest cast member Happy Valley star admits 'I don't know how it ends' Balbriggan harbour was one of the locations and actor Watkins said it was an "extraordinary" experience. He told Radio Times: "It's surprising because you think Dublin is a city but it's actually sort of a seaside resort in some respects. "It's surrounded by beaches, so when it was extraordinary weather it was 10 degrees hotter than it normally is at that time of year and it was sort of tropical.  Viewers will see how Abbie is excited to bring her new boyfriend home to meet her family, but they are less than thrilled. Secrets and lies are soon revealed as Ed starts to dig deeper into Ryan's life and his past. 