Those in receipt of support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), such as people on Universal Credit, may be eligible for support via social tariffs. These are concessions for those in receipt of means-tested benefits, which means they are reserved for those on low income. Recently, the Government has promoted how much people can save through social tariffs with the average household on benefits likely to accumulate savings of £180 a year. Social tariffs are discounted deals on either broadband or mobile phone deals for people who claim DWP payments. These concessions are awarded in the same way as normal broadband packages but at a lesser price. Recently, the Government has promoted how much people can save through social tariffs with the average household on benefits likely to accumulate a savings of £180 a year. With the cost of living crisis likely to continue for the foreseeable future, this could be crucial support for families who are urgently in need. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Here is a full list of the broadband providers which are offering social tariffs to their customers in receipt of DWP payments: The growing availability of these concessions comes after the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport put pressure on providers to do more for their customers on low income. Last year, the Government rolled out a new system which makes it “easier” for households on benefits to get these deals. This updated system employs automatic verification which means claimants do not have to constantly give evidence that they claim benefits to receive these discounts. Before this update, DWP payment claimants had to prove their benefit status as frequently as every month. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing For example, Universal Credit recipients would have to verify their entitlement by sending letters from the JobCentre to their provider. The streamlined process removes much of the pressure which was initially placed on benefit recipients in applying for social tariffs. Earlier this week, the Government announced that Sky has become the first UK-wide provider to sign up for the automatic verification system. Sky, as well as its subsidiary NOW, has joined the list of providers which are switching to the new system for social tariffs, with WeightFibre having already signed up. On social tariffs, Minister for Social Mobility Mims Davies said: “It’s positive to see a major provider, such as Sky, sign up to our scheme, making it easier for families to access cheaper broadband and mobile tariffs in difficult times, and I call on other providers to follow suit in offering this type of tariff for those in need. “Claimants who think they might be eligible for one of these tariffs, should contact their provider. "This is just one of the ways we are working to help households during these tough times as part of the government’s £37billion support package for those most in need. “Do use the DWP benefits calculator, which is a helpful tool for those looking to see if they could access wider support.”