Arsenal are in advanced talks to sign Leandro Trossard from Brighton and have already agreed personal terms with the Belgian international over a January move to the Emirates Stadium, according to reports. The attacker is looking for a way out of the Amex Stadium this month following a recent fallout with Seagulls boss Roberto De Zerbi and now the Gunners could be about to answer his prayers as they work on finding an agreement with the South Coast club. Brighton recently triggered a 12-month option to extend the player's contract meaning his deal is now due to expire in 2024 but still, his future looks to lie away from Albion after three-and-a-half seasons in blue and white. Trossard is seemingly struggling to commit to De Zerbi's project and the Seagulls could now be forced to offload the forward for the greater interest of the dressing room. According to Fabrizio Romano, talks are already at an advanced stage between the two clubs as the deal edges closer. He tweeted: "Arsenal have opened talks to sign Leandro Trossard from Brighton, negotiations are advanced with official bid ready for permanent move. Personal terms already agreed — talks will continue to get deal done soon." TRANSFER NEWS LIVE - FOLLOW ALL THE LATEST HERE Arsenal were recently offered Trossard by his representatives and appears they are now willing to seize the chance to land the 28-year-old, who has scored seven Premier League goals this season. The Gunners were forced back to the dressing room at the weekend when Chelsea pinched their top January target Mykhaylo Mudryk after striking an £88million deal with Shakhtar Donetsk. But Trossard could now prove to be a cost-effective solution that would allow Arsenal to also invest in other areas of their squad this month should they wish. A central midfielder is also believed to be of interest while Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda is also believed to be a target for the Gunners. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target Express Sport revealed last Friday that Trossard left the UK via EuroTunnel shuttle after being told he would be dropped for the Premier League clash with Liverpool. When quizzed on whether he was aware of Trossard's trip overseas, De Zerbi diffused the situation and declared he didn't want the player to leave Brighton this month. He said after the 3-0 win over Liverpool: "Yes [he was aware] but I wanted to answer clearly about Leo. I am sorry for this situation, I think I didn't make a mistake with him. "The people who work inside Brighton know the situation very well. I am fine with myself. I am open to waiting for him because he's a good guy. He's a very good player for us, a very important player.  "I don't want him to change teams but he has to understand that he has to work with my attitude and in my way because I am the coach and I decide the rules inside of the dressing room. "I have the responsibility of my players, of my club. I am very honest, when I want to say something - I speak inside the family and our family is inside of the dressing room." Trossard's agent Josy Comhair also released a statement last week accusing De Zerbi of alienating his client as he demanded a transfer. Part of the statement read: “It is important that Brighton cooperates with a potential transfer during this transfer period and shows a benevolent attitude, which is beneficial to both parties.” Now the Belgium international could get his wish with Arsenal seemingly closing in on the signing of the Seagulls attacker.