Jeff Beck died aged 78 following a short battle with bacterial meningitis, with tributes pouring in from some of the biggest stars in rock music. Brian May led the tributes calling Beck the "pinnacle of guitar playing" while Ronnie Wood mourned the loss of one of his "band of brothers". Beck's passing was announced on his Twitter page on Wednesday night, with a short statement from his family. It read: "On behalf of his family, it is with deep and profound sadness that we share the news of Jeff Beck's passing. "After suddenly contracting bacterial meningitis, he peacefully passed away yesterday. His family ask for privacy while they process this tremendous loss." Tributes have poured in for the late guitarist, including from Queen's Brian May, who penned on Instagram: "Gutted, so sad, to hear of Jeff’s passing. He was the Guv’nor. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' "He was inimitable, irreplaceable - the absolute pinnacle of guitar playing. And a damn fine human being. "I’m sure I will have a lot to say, but right now …. Just lost for words. Bri. #jeffbeck." Rod Stewart also took to Instagram to share pictures of himself with Jeff Beck over the years along with a heartwarming message. It read: "Jeff Beck was on another planet. He took me and Ronnie Wood to the USA in the late 60s in his band the Jeff Beck Group and we haven’t looked back since. "He was one of the few guitarists that when playing live would actually listen to me sing and respond. "Jeff, you were the greatest, my man. Thank you for everything. RIP." The Rolling Stones members Ronnie Wood and Mick Jagger also left their own individual tributes to the "greatest guitar player in the world". Ronnie wrote alongside pictures of the pair: "Now Jeff has gone, I feel like one of my band of brothers has left this world, and I’m going to dearly miss him. "I’m sending much sympathy to Sandra, his family, and all who loved him. I want to thank him for all our early days together in the Jeff Beck Group, conquering America for the first time. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [DEATH] Ulrika Jonsson feels for 'lonely' Harry branding royals dysfunctional [COMMENT] Jamie Lee Curtis beams as she takes to Golden Globes 2023 red carpet [PICS]  "Musically, we were breaking all the rules, it was fantastic, groundbreaking rock ’n’ roll! Listen to the incredible track ‘Plynth’ in his honour. Jeff, I will always love you. God bless." Mick Jagger shared a short video of the pair on stage together with the touching message: "With the death of Jeff Beck we have lost a wonderful man and one of the greatest guitar players in the world. We will all miss him so much." Johnny Depp, is yet to leave an online tribute to his friend who he recently finished touring with after his highly-publicised Amber Heard trial. A source told PEOPLE that the Pirates of the Caribbean star is "totally devastated" with the Hollywood actor also being at "Jeff's bedside" in his final moments. The source continued: "They had a really tight friendship, they were extremely close, and he got even closer over this past summer when they were touring together. "The sickness came on really quickly and it all deteriorated rapidly in the last couple weeks. "Johnny is still processing this news. He's devastated." Inducted into Rock's Hall of Fame twice, Beck's music career spanned an astonishing 50 years. Forming The Jeff Beck Group in 1967, the guitarist created an alliance of rock royalty boasting Rod Stewart, Ronnie Wood and drum icon Cosy Powell as members. The English guitarist was an eight-time Grammy winner, earning his first seven for instrumental performances and his eighth in 2009 for his work on Herbie Hancock’s studio album The Imagine Project.