Prince William "lunged" at Prince Harry in an altercation after Prince Philip's funeral, the Duke of Sussex claims in his bombshell memoir. In Spare, Harry describes peace talks with his older brother and father Charles in the gardens of Frogmore Cottage on April 17 2021. The Duke claims his and Meghan Markle's Oprah Winfrey interview from weeks earlier and the Megxit agreement were brought up during the tense meeting, and that William used a "secret code" with a reference to their late mother Princess Diana. Harry says he tried to reason with his father and brother but they were not listening so he was turning away. He writes of William: "He lunged, grabbed my shirt. ‘Listen to me, Harold’. “I pulled away, refused to meet his gaze. He forced me to look into his eyes. Listen to me, Harold, listen! I love you, Harold! I want you to be happy." Harry says he replied: "I love you too…but your stubbornness is extraordinary!" He claims he pulled out of William's grip but his older sibling grabbed him again. He writes that the Prince of Wales said: “Harold, you must listen to me! I just want you to be happy, Harold. I swear on Mummy’s life." Harry continues: “He stopped. I stopped. Pa stopped. He’d gone there. He’d used the secret code, the universal password. Ever since we were boys those three words were to be used only in times of extreme crisis.” The claim reported in The Sun is one of a flurry that have emerged from the Duke's book, which is out on Tuesday but was put on sale early in some Spanish bookshops. Harry also accuses William of physically attacking him in a row over his marriage to Meghan Markle at Nottingham Cottage in 2019. Friends of the Prince of Wales say he has kept quiet in the face of the explosive claims "for the good of his family and the country". One close friend told the Sunday Times that William will not retaliate because he is "dignified and incredibly loyal". The friend said: "William is a sitting duck because Harry knows he isn't going to retaliate. How many shots can you take at a sitting duck?" "It's cruel, cowardly and so sad for William to keep taking the punches. He's keeping quiet for the good of his family and the country." But the pal added that the future King is "burning" on the inside. Another friend said that William is thinking strategically, as he follows the example of his grandmother, the late Queen Elizabeth II. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have so far declined to comment on the book. 