Chelsea are reportedly not close to landing Benfica star Enzo Fernandez as the transfer is complicated. The Blues have been tipped to secure the services of the midfielder for a British transfer record fee of £115million before the January transfer window closes at 11pm on Tuesday. Chelsea have splurged prodigious sums of cash to bring in new players since Todd Boehly bought the club from Roman Abramovich at the end of last May, with 13 players arriving at Stamford Bridge on permanent deals and two more joining on loan. But the Blues don’t appear to be done in the transfer market just yet and have been targeting Fernandez this month. Chelsea appeared to make their breakthrough on transfer deadline day courtesy of their mega-money offer. But, according to TyC Sports, the west London giants and Benfica still aren’t close to reaching an agreement. The outlet is reporting that Chelsea have offered to pay the Portuguese club £105.5m in six separate payments and in an attempt to try and unlock the transfer. Fernandez only moved to Europe last summer after sealing a deal from River Plate. The 22-year-old has been in imperious form for Benfica since the start of the campaign and has bagged four goals and seven assists in 29 matches for his current employers. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline Five of those appearances came in the Champions League before Christmas as Benfica remained unbeaten in Group H to finish top and secure their safe passage to the last 16 of the competition. The player helped his team to a brace of draws against French giants Paris Saint-Germain. And the Portuguese team are now set to go head-to-head with Club Brugge over two legs in the next round. While his club form has been excellent, Fernandez really hit the headlines during the World Cup in Qatar. The midfield genius had won just three caps for Argentina ahead of the tournament and was utilised as a substitute during his country’s first two matches. But he started their last five games and played 120 minutes in the final as Argentina defeated France on penalties to lift the trophy. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute  Chelsea manager Graham Potter, meanwhile, has come under increasing pressure in recent months following a dismal run of form that has left the Blues in 10th position in the Premier League table, with just eight wins from 20 matches. And he will be desperate to bring in Fernandez to bolster his underperforming midfield. The Blues will therefore be doing all they can to get a late deal for Fernandez over the line, with the player said to be currently staying out of the negotiations. 