The incident occurred in Caterham, Surrey, before 14.45pm GMT on January 12. A second woman was injured during the incident but has since left the hospital after receiving treatment for dog bites. According to the police, the woman is yet to be formally identified but her family have spoken out about their grief. The family have said it is “an extremely difficult time” as police continue their investigation into the incident. In a statement, they said: “This is an extremely difficult time for us. “We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief.” Surrey police have stated their belief that the dog walker was walking a number of dogs at the time. The force detained eight dogs after the incident and the owners are being regularly updated on the investigation. The animals are still being held with police announcing that they are working with a veterinary pathologist and a forensic pathologist. The force said that “these enquiries will take some time to complete” and noted that the family of the victim have been subject to a “significant level of media interest”. READ MORE: World's oldest person, a nun aged 118, has died in her sleep Senior investigating officer Detective Inspector Josephine Horner said: “Enquiries into the circumstances surrounding this young woman’s sad death continue and we will provide further updates when possible. “We know this incident has caused real concern in the local community and neighbourhood officers have been out in the area speaking to local residents over the past few days. “We continue to ask people not to speculate on the circumstances whilst enquiries are under way.” A post-mortem examination is set to be performed by the Surrey coroner. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry skewere for ‘embarrassing the UK’ with memoir – YOU VOTED (POLL)POLL – Was Sunak right to block Scotland’s gender recognition bill (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) Police were called to respond to reports of a dog attacking members of the public at Gravelley Hill. The dog walker was pronounced dead at the scene. On Tuesday, Tandridge District Council’s community services committee members discussed the aftermath of the incident. Committee chairwoman Jackie Wren said that it was key for the public concern to be addressed but emphasised “we have no information regarding exactly what happened”. Councillor Wren noted that the current policy states that dog walkers can take a maximum of six dogs and must be registered with a national body like the National Association of Dog Walkers.