Katie Nicholl told OK! of the crucial role Kate has been playing. She said: “The last couple of years have been challenging. “We’ve had the brothers falling out and Megxit and I think it has been difficult for William.” She added: “He’s lost his support act in Harry, but he really recognises that he has an invaluable support act in Kate. “I think they are equally proud of each other, but they’ve really needed to be there for each other over these last couple of years and I think Kate has been a huge support at a time when he really needed it.” Ms Nicholl then went into detail about why Kate has been so successful as a royal, explaining it came down to her both supporting William and being a hands-on mother to their children George, Charlotte, and Louis. The royal author said: “She hasn’t been afraid to show us that image of herself as a royal mother. “What I think is her great success is being there as a future Queen Consort, supporting William and being a hands-on mum and managing to juggle all these roles.” Nicholl’s comments came after Kate Middleton’s uncle, Gary Goldsmith, commented on claims made about Kate by Harry and Meghan. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff'  The claims were made their Netflix docuseries which aimed to show life inside the Royal Family from the now former royal’s perspectives. Harry and Meghan have predominantly lived in the states since their tumultuous exit from the Royal Family began at the start of 2020. Mr Goldsmith was talking to journalist Dan Wootton about the claims made by the pair. He said his niece was an “exceptional” human being and suggested she was a hugger after Meghan claimed the opposite. The Duchess of Sussex said in the interview: “I'm a hugger I've always been a hugger. I didn't know that could be jarring for a lot of Brits. I guess I started to understand very quickly that the formality out on the outside, carried through on on the inside.” DON'T MISS William and Charles to patch up 'distant' relationship – have new plan [REVEAL]How much the Royal Family spends on energy bills every year - EXPOSED [INSIGHT]Emma Watson commands attention in backless ensemble at Earthshot Prize [ANALYSIS] In response, Mr Goldsmith said: “I just find that almost laughable. Kate is just lovely”. He added her nature was “classy”. On her relationship with William, Mr Goldsmith added: “They are very comfortable with each other and they tease each other, which I think is a great tell-tale that people get on. “It’s done in a very tongue in cheek, very loving way. Touchy feely.” While the individual relationships between both Harry and Meghan and the Prince and Princess may not be in doubt, what is uncertain is whether relationship between the two pairs will improve in 2023.