Gary Neville’s comments on Mikel Arteta and Arsenal star Oleksandr Zinchenko have resurfaced in a claim that has since made the Manchester United icon look rather silly. The former defender has always insisted that the Gunners cannot compete with the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. But those views are now looking wrong, with Arsenal five points clear at the top of the Premier League. Footage has now resurfaced of Neville claiming Arteta - who guided the north Londoners to fifth last season - would leave if he ended a season in fourth. In April last year, Neville told the Overlap: “If he finishes fourth, it’s probably in some ways as good as he can get.” Presenter Josh Denzel interjected: “But it could be a stepping stone, get into the Champions League and do some [better] recruitment]?” JUST IN: Chelsea look to give Liverpool the Arsenal treatment as hijack eyed Neville, implying that Arsenal could not challenge Man City and Liverpool, snapped back: “Stepping stone to what? Pep [Guardiola], [Jurgen] Klopp, United, Chelsea [are all ahead]… Where can they go? They’re not going to compete.” Adding on Arteta: “If he gets to fourth, he might decide, ‘well, that’s the best I can do there, I’m going now’, and move on to his next job.” Neville, a frequent critic of Arsenal, also believed that summer signing Zinchenko did not have the leadership qualities to improve the mentality of Arteta’s squad. In August, the 47-year-old said: “I’ve watched Zinchenko. Zinchenko is not a leader. I love him to bits-” Cutting off the former United captain, Robbie Lyle from Arsenal fan group AFTV pointed out: “But he’s the captain of Ukraine.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham told they'd get a 'very good deal' in Martial Kane swapArsenal new boy Leandro Trossard sent 'totally different' warningIvan Fresneda decision, £52m agreement - Arsenal dream end to January However, Neville was insistent, adding: "But he’s not a leader. Is he going to, at the difficult moments in a season, be able to pull it all together?” Arsenal fans have since pointed out two instances in which Zinchenko showed leadership qualities at important moments in a season. The Ukrainian has twice led inspirational team huddles before big games on camera - the first in Man City’s final game of last season, and the second for Arsenal in Sunday’s win over Man Utd. City needed to win their game against Aston Villa to fend off competition from Liverpool for the Premier League title. Zinchenko stood in the middle of a huddle and passionately shouted: “Just look at each other, give everything and die on the pitch. All of you, we go out there, and we f***ing die out there. Let’s go!” A video also shows him leading the pre-match team talk before Arsenal beat United to extend their lead at the top of the league. Both clips prove that Zinchenko can inspire colleagues at big moments in a campaign.