BBC F1 reporter Jennie Gow has revealed she suffered a stroke just after Christmas. Gow said she was finding it “hard to write” and that her speech had been “most affected”. The 45-year-old is a key member of BBC Radio 5 Live’s commentary team and presents their Chequered Flag podcast.  She has also featured on F1’s Drive to Survive show and hosted Formula E coverage. A message on Twitter read: “Hi everyone, been quiet the last few weeks, this is because I suffered a serious stroke two weeks ago. “My husband is helping me type this, as I’m finding it hard to write and my speech is most affected. I’m desperate to make a full recovery and return to work but it might take some time. “Thank you to the medical teams at Frimley and St George’s and my family and friends who’ve got me through the last fortnight X." READ MORE: Williams announce key Mercedes man as team principal as Wolff responds Gow started in sports broadcasting with roles at Sky Sports News and BBC Sport. She then started to merge into motorsport, replacing Suzi Perry as the broadcaster's Moto GP host in 2010. In recent years, she has also offered her voice as co-commentator for the brand new off-road Extreme E series. The F1 community rallied around the broadcaster after she revealed the news this morning. McLaren were among the first teams to send a message, responding to Gow’s social media post with a touching remark. They commented: “Wishing you a speedy recovery, Jennie. The entire team sends their love and strength as we look forward to seeing you back in the paddock.” Aston Martin’s F1 team added: “Jennie, we're all sending you lots of love and our best wishes for your recovery. We look forward to seeing you in the paddock again soon.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backed for embarrassment in battle against Russell [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes [COMMENT] British Grand Prix hosts Silverstone said: "Sending love and strength to you and your family Jennie, from all of us at @SilverstoneUK. We hope to see you in the paddock again very soon." Fellow sports broadcasters also sent replies and offered a glimmer of hope that Gow would be able to make a comeback. TV host Laura Winter wrote: “Jennie, so desperately sorry to read this and sending all my love and strength. “You WILL get through this but take all the time you need. We’ll all be here. So much love. Xxx.” Meanwhile, fellow BBC sports reporter Eleanor Oldroyd added: “Oh Jennie, poor you. What a scary time for you all. Sending much love and strength and look forward to hearing you back on the air when you’re ready." 