  Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has revealed his newest plans for Diddly Squat farm that made his land agent “roll his eyes” and Clarkson’s Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper, 24, leave the county. The former Top Gear presenter's latest project comes after reports that Diddly Squat Farm shop has temporarily closed for this month.     In his latest column, Jeremy explained that he had now become a pig farmer - despite plenty of opposition to the idea from those with more experience. “Cheerful Charlie Ireland, my land agent, says this is the stupidest idea I've had yet and wants no part of it,” Jeremy admitted. He went on to reveal that an exasperated Kaleb had also decided to leave Chipping Norton after hearing the news. “Kaleb was so unpleased that he got into his pick-up truck and went to Cornwall for a week,” Jeremy continued. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     Jeremy explained why he felt his “logic was sound” as he laid out his plan for the pigs in his latest article for The Times. The star suggested that pigs are “much cheaper” to buy than other livestock, including cows or sheep. He also argued that the large broods the pigs would produce would be more financially beneficial. Describing how pigs “hosed out” piglets like “machinegun bullets”, he wrote: “You buy ten pigs for a few quid and three months later you have ten million. That's profit, right there. Pure, naked profit.”     Jeremy added that he would also be saving money by feeding his unharvestable potatoes to the pigs rather than letting them rot. However, he confessed that his land agent wasn’t impressed even after he explained his plans in full. “Charlie responded to this argument by rolling his eyes and going home,” he wrote, “Which meant that Lisa and I had to spend a week or two learning an all-new language: pig.” Prime Video has revealed that Clarkson’s Farm will return on February 10, 2023. READ MORE... Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [NEWS] Jilly Johnson says Rolling Stone legend helped her start knitting [LATEST] Ireland Baldwin announces she’s pregnant with first child [BREAKING]      On the farm shop's official Instagram account, it announced that Diddly Squat is set to temporarily close until February 10. The news of his latest closure comes shortly after Jeremy was forced to issue an apology over comments he made about Meghan Markle in a recent column. In his latest article for the Sun he wrote: “Meghan, though, is a different story. I hate her. Not like I hate Nicola Sturgeon or Rose West. I hate her on a cellular level. “At night, I’m unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, ‘Shame!’ and throw lumps of excrement at her.       “Everyone who’s my age thinks the same way,” he added in his column, which has since been removed from the publication’s website. The article became the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s most complained about article, with more than 17,500 people contacting them over the piece. The Sun had issued an apology for publishing the column, while Jeremy took to Twitter saying he was "horrified to have caused so much hurt" and said he would be "more careful in future". Prince Harry and Meghan have since reacted to The Sun's apology over Jeremy's controversial column saying it was "nothing more than a PR stunt". Express.co.uk contacted Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and Jeremy Clarkson’s representatives at the time.   