Arsenal would be making an exciting addition to their squad if they complete a deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk, claims Jamie Carragher. The Liverpool legend has tipped the Ukraine star to become an "outstanding" player for the Gunners. Mudryk is Arsenal's top target for the January transfer window. An opening offer of around £55million was turned down by Shakhtar Donetsk last week. A second improved bid has since been submitted and Arsenal are hopeful of securing an agreement soon. The player has made it clear he would be keen on a move to the Emirates. Carragher has seen Mudryk in the Champions League this season. And he believes he would add to what is already an impressive crop of attackers at Mikel Arteta's disposal. He told Sky Sports: "The player they're after, Mudryk, when I've seen him play in the Champions League he's played left wing. [Gabriel] Martinelli plays there right now, who's outstanding. READ MORE: Arsenal made aware of 'new price' for Mudryk after second bid  "Whether he would go through the middle? But of course, if they want to compete with Manchester City as they are right now, in all competitions for the next few years, the way Liverpool have done for the last few years, you need options from the bench. "Mikel Arteta knows that better than anyone because he's worked at Manchester City. So I think that would be a really exciting signing, he looks an outstanding player, certainly what I've seen in the Champions League." Arsenal have begun the resumption of Premier League football on fire. Victories over West Ham and Brighton have seen them open up a seven-point gap over second-placed Manchester City. Eddie Nketiah has stepped up in Gabriel Jesus' absence, scoring in both matches. And Carragher believes the forward's form will make Arteta think twice about pursuing a new striker in this window. DON'T MISSKlopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan for three midfielders after BrentfordWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishmentGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancer  He added: "Nketiah's done really well, hasn't he? In terms of filling in for Jesus. I thought that was a huge blow for Arsenal because I thought he'd been outstanding without scoring the goals. "Nketiah's come in and done really well. I think his form and getting those goals may just make them ease off a little bit." Arsenal face third-placed Newcastle next in the league on Tuesday. A win would increase the gap to City to 10 points before Pep Guardiola's side play Chelsea 48 hours later.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here