There's nothing worse than fridge odours filling up your kitchen every time you open the door, but they can seem impossible to get rid of when clearing old food doesn't seem to work. If you're stuck with no obvious solution even after cleaning the inside of the appliance, it could be the fridge itself that is to blame. Fortunately, there are a few simple steps you can follow to banish stubborn smells for good, using just a few household items.  The remnants of your Christmas dinner may have already been thrown away but the stench of cold-cooked turkey, vegetables and cheeseboard staples could still be lurking inside. Even after wiping down the surfaces, plastic can hold onto odours and could be the cause of the problem. An expert at CNET explained: "Cleaning can only help so much. To absorb the odours, place an open box of baking soda in your fridge (some suggest sprinkling baking soda on a plate to increase the surface area). "Baking soda will soak up the bad odours and leave your fridge smelling clean after about three days." Though it will take time, baking soda works by balancing the pH of acidic and alkaline substances to reduce the odour-causing particles. The same ingredient can also be used to scrub the shelving and compartments for a deeper clean - just combine it with water to form a neutral liquid and wipe it over the inside of the appliance. READ MORE: ‘Fastest’ solution to remove silicone sealant mould around windows If you're looking for a quick fix, the CNET expert recommended harnessing the power of coffee grounds or granules. Simply place one cup of ground coffee in a bowl or on a plate and leave uncovered in the fridge. One or two days should be enough time to mask the odours while the baking soda works on absorbing them. For a sweeter scent, you can also try soaking cotton balls in vanilla essence and leaving them in a small container. Replace when the scent disappears or once the baking soda has had time to eliminate the root cause of the stench. As well as focusing on the main body of the appliance, it is worth pulling out the shelving and compartments to check for crumbs or sitting water. DON'T MISS:'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [REVEAL]‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with [INSIGHT]Prevent condensation and mould with natural 75p hack [TIPS] The drip pan could be covered in mould if your fridge has not been cleaned or emptied in a while, but you won't always notice until pulling it out. Start by checking if you have a drip pan by looking over the user manual. You can always search online using the brand and model number for your fridge if you are unsure. If you do have a drip pan, this is where the condensation will collect while the unit cools. This can be found at the very bottom of the appliance. To clean it, unplug your fridge, take out all of the food and follow the manual's instructions for removing the pan. Then, clean it with warm water and dish soap before reinstalling it. READ MORE: Top gardening jobs to do in January - including important pruning A small amount of water in your fridge is normal, but an excess of puddles could be a sign of a broken seal or faulty element. If sitting water is left to gather, the moisture can create a perfect breeding ground for mould, which will make itself known with foul, musty aromas. Many modern fridges have an air filter that cleans the circulating air and a water filter for the water in your door dispenser or ice maker. Both of these generally need to be checked and changed once every six months. If it has been a while since you looked at your filters, check your user’s manual instructions for cleaning them. Mould can accumulate in these areas, so a refresh could save you from a nasty fridge smell. Food odours may smell like they're coming from inside your fridge, but if you have tried everything and still can't locate the smell, some deeper cleaning may be required. Unplug the appliance and pull it out as much as you can to expose the space beneath the fridge and the floor. If you don't clean it regularly, you may be surprised to see what you can find under there, in the form of spilt drinks, crumbs or rotten food. Dispose of any debris as soon as possible and clean using a vacuum or brush, followed by a mop to banish odours. For extra strong smelling stains, sprinkle some baking soda onto the floor and leave for 20-30 minutes before vacuuming up. 