Tottenham chiefs reportedly visited Goodison Park to scout Everton winger Anthony Gordon during the Toffees’ Premier League clash with Brighton on Tuesday night. But their trip proved fruitless as the 21-year-old was ruled out through illness and didn’t make it onto the pitch. Spurs enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League season as they won five of their first seven matches. But they have been on a dismal run of form in recent weeks and have won just two matches since mid-October. Since Premier League football resumed following the conclusion of the World Cup, Spurs have been held to a 2-2 draw by Brentford and have suffered a home defeat at the hands of Aston Villa. And they face an uphill battle to secure a top-four finish after falling five points behind fourth-place Manchester United. Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is desperate to bolster his squad in January as he attempts to bring silverware to north London between now and May. And he has had a keen eye on Gordon, who has been a bright light for Everton in an otherwise gloomy season. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss     According to the Daily Mail, the Toffees’ recruitment team travelled to Goodison Park to cast their eyes over Gordon. But the trip was ultimately wasted. Tottenham are currently without forward Richarlison after he injured his hamstring while playing for Brazil at the World Cup. And their lack of creativity in front of goal showed on Sunday as they were comprehensively dispatched by the Villans. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment   Meanwhile, Spurs chiefs are unhappy about their pursuit of Sporting Lisbon right wing-back Pedro Porro as the Portuguese club will only sanction a move if the player’s £40million release clause is met. Tottenham have no intentions of paying that much for the 23-year-old and have therefore lost interest in the ace. Porro, who won one cap for Spain in a World Cup qualifying match against Georgia in 2021, joined Sporting on loan from Manchester City in 2020, before making the deal permanent in the summer. And the star has made a name for himself in Portugal after bagging a whopping 11 goals and 19 assists in 93 games for Sporting. Tottenham are back in Premier League action on Wednesday night when they travel to Selhurst Park to take on Crystal Palace. And the Lilywhites will then turn their attentions to the FA Cup, where they will host 2008 winners Portsmouth, who are currently plying their trade in League One. 