A man on a street in Birmingham has sparked a fierce debate after chaining a wheelie bin to the road to stop people from parking there. While some have slammed the idea as "selfish," others felt it was "genius". Suhad Miah noticed the obstruction after driving around the area in Handsworth looking for somewhere to park for a friend's wedding. He saw there was a space in the road but a wheelie bin had been left there, so he got out to try and move it. The 40-year-old told The Sun: "That road is really bad for parking, you can't even drive down it - it's a nightmare. "It is a congested area - but this was something different."  When he tried to shift the black bin out of the way he realised it was chained to the ground with a padlock and confined by a metal chain drilled into the ground. Mr Miah explained: "I tried moving the bin, I just thought, okay, someone has put it in the middle of the road, but it pulled my arm back. "I thought 'What's happening here?' I flipped the bin at an angle and I see it's been bolted to the ground. I just thought 'Oh my days'. "My friend who lives opposite said it's been a nightmare with the wedding. "Getting a limousine outside the house has been really difficult too. I posted about the bin for a laugh thinking, I've seen it all now."  READ MORE: Harry says 'unconscious bias can move into racism' He added that he had seen locals put out traffic cones and even sofas to stop people parking in spaces along the road. A spokeswoman from Birmingham City Council said: "We would ask people to park considerately and respect all road users, and using a wheelie bin to reserve a space on the highway could be deemed an obstruction of the highway." Neighbour Ewell Thomas, 42, said: "I don't think it's right to chain the bins to the road. "There are spaces to park but some residents want to be able to park directly outside their house. The local butcher said: "If I can't find a space, I'll just park on another road nearby. It doesn't bother me."  DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan's plea amid claim Harry unveiled William's private moment [LATEST]Harry could be booed if he attends coronation, says Sharon Osbourne [INSIGHT]NHS is completely broken, says AMBULANCE PARAMEDIC [COMMENT] Another added: "This is causing an obstruction on the highway. Too many road accidents are caused by leaving such items in the road." But other residents have praised the move as "genius". One wrote: "I give this person 10/10 for coming up with this!" Another chimed in: "I don’t blame them, that road is crazy for driving through, never mind parking there." 