Leeds transfer target Diogo Monteiro 'wants to join' the Whites this window in a welcome boost for the Elland Road hierarchy as they seek to attack the final third of the January window. Jesse Marsch's side have already shelled out £40million on two new arrivals in the form of RB Salzburg defender Max Wober and new club-record signing Georginio Rutter, who joins for £36m from Hoffenheim. Leeds hope that Rutter won't be the last winter arrival in Yorkshire this month as they continue to invest in young players for the future. The club made a very respectable proposal to sign World Cup star Azzedine Ounahi from Angers but so far, they have received no indication the Moroccan wants to join. Angers would also prefer any buying club to loan Ounahi back for the rest of the season as they battle for survival in Ligue 1. But there is some positive news for Leeds in their pursuit Monteiro as the 17-year-old is eager to make the switch to Elland Road, according to reports. FOLLOW ALL THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS LIVE HERE The Yorkshire Evening Post say Swiss sources suggest Monteiro is seeking to clinch the move after hearing of Leeds' interest. He would seemingly jump at the chance to move to the Premier League having only made three senior appearances in Switzerland this season for Servette. Leeds have watched Monteiro and identified him as a target via the same scouting network that unearthed Wilfried Gnoto. Gnoto was signed for just under £4m last summer from FC Zurich in what is already proving to be an almighty coup for the Whites. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The Italian forward has made that price tag look like a snip since arriving on English shores. He was brilliant once again on Wednesday as the Whites thrashed Cardiff 5-2 in their FA Cup replay at Elland Road. Although Leeds do want to do a deal for Monteiro this month to avoid facing competition for his signature, they only plan to instil the defender into their U21 side should he arrive in England. It's highly unlikely that the Portuguese young starlet is thrust straight into Marsch's first team as they battle to beat the drop. There is a sense amongst supporters that more reinforcements will be required in order to keep Leeds' afloat in their quest for survival. American boss Marsch is quickly losing popularity with most fans now in favour of a managerial change. Leeds are believed to be considering parting company with the ex-RB Salzburg and Red Bull Leipzig head coach - meaning Sunday's clash with Brentford is of extra significance. There is still hope that Leeds could pull off a deal for Moroccan midfielder Ounahi, although Napoli are currently the frontrunners for the player as they are prepared to loan him back to Angers.