An anti-royal campaign group has attempted to turn Buckingham Palace into a polling station in protest at the upcoming Coronation of King Charles III. The group, named Republic, saw two activists dressed in high-vis jackets attach a two-metre polling station sign to the front gates of the royal residence. The stunt took place at around 8am this morning. In a statement on their website, the spokesperson for the group, Graham Smith, said: "We want to drive home the need for a vote on the future of the monarchy. We should be able to decide, do we want Charles or a choice?" "Within a few days thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a public vote on the monarchy." "We're expecting tens of thousands more to add their name to the demand over coming weeks." The group also encouraged similar action from members of the public, saying: "We're calling on people to put up their own polling station signs around the country at 6pm every Tuesday." "It's time to drive home this message, that the people deserve a vote." The move divided opinion on social media, with some users branding it "pathetic" and "rude and desperate." However, other Twitter users expressed support for the stunt, calling it a "superb effort" and tweeting: "I want The King, yes. Not a president." READ MORE: How Rishi Sunak could block Harry from the Coronation even if Charles wants him there Republic campaign for an elected head of state and brand the upcoming coronation a waste of taxpayer's money. King Charles III's official coronation is set to occur on May 6 this year. The group is expected to continue its campaign and is planning more demonstrations in the run-up to the event, as well as on the day itself. Mr Smith went on to say: "Republic is planning stunts and protests over the coming weeks and will be staging a large demonstration at the coronation in May." DON'T MISS: The group's founding principles state that there is "no place for hereditary public office in a democratic constitution" and that "the Crown must be abolished" and replaced with a Head of State that is democratically elected. The King's coronation is reportedly going to be a much more stripped-back occasion than that of previous monarchs, with reported plans for around 3000 guests to attend the ceremony, set to take place at Westminster palace – less than half the number who attended the late Queen Elizabeth II's coronation. A parliamentary source told Express.co.uk: "We're waiting for details but have been told to expect around 3,000. So nothing like the 8,000 last time, when scaffolding and all sorts was put up to accommodate the numbers." There has been much speculation about whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the coronation after the recent bombshell allegations in both the couple's Netflix series released before Christmas and Prince Harry's newly published memoir, Spare.