YouTuber-turned-boxer KSI is set to return to the ring on January 14 to take on fellow YouTube star FaZe Temperrr after his original opponent, 2-0 MMA fighter Dillon Danis, pulled out of the fight. KSI has a 1-0 professional record, having beaten Logan Paul via split decision back in 2019, but he has a total of five fights under his belt and most recently fought twice in one night when he beat both rapper Swarmz and journeyman boxer Luis Alcaraz Pineda last August. Faze Temperrr, meanwhile, has fought three times and has a 2-1 record. As a result, KSI is the favourite to win their bout and he already has a number of targets on his boxing hitlist. He is targeting a blockbuster bout against Jake Paul later this year and has admitted he will give up boxing after facing him, telling the Sun: "I know after Jake it's done. I'd have no desire to continue." JUST IN: Emile Heskey responded angrily to claims KSI 'made him' with viral rap KSI is hoping to have at least one more fight before taking on his rival, though, and he has called out a number of potential opponents. Speaking in December, KSI listed Tommy Fury, Joe Fournier and Tyron Woodley as three options. "Who's next? It could be [Tyron] Woodley, it could be Joe Fournier," he said while talking to Twitch streamer Kai Cenat. "Jake Paul's at the end of the year, we're working on it. The contract we're going back and forth already. "He's already putting in crazy demands and I'm like 'nah nah nah, who do you think you are?' So, we've got to go back and forth so it's going to take some time. In the meantime, I want to fight some people. It could be Tommy Fury. Bro, I've got to show everyone why I'm the GOAT." DON'T MISSKSI and Jake Paul in talks over UK fight as 'contract sent' for boutJake Paul sends message to KSI with potential fight date scheduledKSI 'does biggest U-turn of all time' after ignoring fight contract Fury is the half-brother of WBC world heavyweight champion Tyson, has an 8-0 professional record and has twice been scheduled to fight Paul before pulling out. Woodley is a former UFC welterweight champion who moved into boxing after leaving the organisation and has twice lost to Paul. Fournier, meanwhile, is a multi-millionaire who turned to boxing after selling his fitness business and has a 9-0 professional record. He once fought former WBA heavyweight champion David Haye in an exhibition bout, which he lost by unanimous decision, and he is set to face Tony Christodoulou on the undercard of KSI's fight with Faze Temperrr. KSI has also previously called out YouTuber Slim Albaher, who fights DJ Tom Zanetti on his undercard, and controversial influencer and former kickboxer Andrew Tate.