Michael Olise's stunning stoppage-time free-kick against Manchester United should provide Arsenal with enough encouragement to consider a January transfer swoop for the Crystal Palace starlet. The Gunners are exploring the market for potential opportunities after top target Mykhaylo Mudryk joined Chelsea for £88million and the current options on the table could prove overly difficult to obtain. Exploratory talks with Bayer Leverkusen have taken place over Moussa Diaby but the Frenchman is likely to be priced out of a move by his current club, who are expected to demand up to £88m following Mudryk's Stamford Bridge switch. Newcastle are also in contention for Diaby meaning a deal is by no means straightforward, particularly in the January window mid-way through the season. Raphinha, who was the subject of two bids from Arsenal in the summer before his transfer to Barcelona, is also set to remain in Catalonia despite his failure to cement his place in Xavi's starting XI. Furthermore, Diaby, Raphinha and even Kaoru Mitoma would seemingly cost a premium and Arsenal do not want to be held to ransom. That's where Olise comes into the mix. Although it should be made abundantly clear that Arsenal are yet to show any interest in the ex-Reading starlet, he would tick multiple boxes for Mikel Arteta. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He is still only 21, explosive off either wing, can even play No 10, is technically sound, immensely talented and most importantly, is Premier League proven. That's without even considering that Olise is probably affordably given Crystal Palace are seemingly starved of cash. The Eagles are yet to invest in the January transfer market despite a desperate need for reinforcements. Olise only cost Palace £8million from Reading in 2021 meaning a deal could really satisfy all parties on the rare occasion Arsenal do indeed move for the player. A fee close to £40m would probably represent a fair deal for all parties and that would be a very reasonable price tag for both clubs involved. Arsenal need a fresh injection of quality and Olise would be the perfect fit given that he is unlikely to upset the harmony within Arteta's current table-topping squad. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target  Had Mudryk arrived, Arteta would have been under increasing pressure to start the Ukrainian over Gabriel Martinelli as time went by and such a decision could have disrupted the good-feel factor currently around the club. Martinelli and Bukayo Saka are both expected to remain starters moving forward and Olise would be the perfect deputy as he has the quality to make an impact both from the bench and when he is handed a starting berth. Arsene Wenger has already told the attacker that he is a huge fan during talks at the French embassy and the iconic Arsenal figure also urged his compatriot to focus on scoring more goals. Olise is now starting to respond having already matched his overall tally from last season - halfway through the campaign. The wide playmaker also has four assists to his name and needs just one more to tie level with the five goals he created last season at Selhurst Park. His jaw-dropping free-kick was also an indication of his confidence and character after delivering when the stakes could not have been higher. Palace huffed and puffed against United and could easily have been 2-0 down had the referee awarded what looked like a clear penalty. But Olise showcased his ability when he grabbed the ball and riffled home from range off the underside of the crossbar. And if he is interested in the prospect of a move to Arsenal, there was simply no better time to step up to the mark and score a magical goal. Olise undoubtedly has the talent to play for Arsenal and have a big impact on Arteta's project. Given he seems somewhat affordable, Edu would be silly not to at least explore the conditions and terms of a potential transfer this month.