Manchester United are ones to watch when it comes to potentially signing Youri Tielemans on transfer deadline day, it has been claimed. The Red Devils have long admired the Leicester star. And with the player having just six months left on his contract, the Foxes could face a fight to keep hold of him today. Manchester United have signed two players since the beginning of the January transfer window. Jack Butland was the first to arrive, with the goalkeeper touching down from Crystal Palace following Martin Dubravka’s return to Newcastle. And the Red Devils then pounced to bring in Wout Weghorst, who has joined the club as a short-term replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. However, many United fans want to see their side dip into the market for a third time in order to land a midfielder. Christian Eriksen is set for a spell on the sidelines, with Erik ten Hag already having to cope without the injured Donny van de Beek. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs recently claimed United were ‘ones to watch’ when it comes to snaring Tielemans on deadline day. “I think we shouldn’t only be referring to a late Manchester United movement in terms of strikers,” Jacobs told The Football Terrace. “From what I hear it’s more creative-minded players that can either get box to box from attacking midfield, or in central areas, or are a little more versatile across the front areas. “Therefore keep an eye on a player like Youri Tielemans who will be available on a free transfer in the summer. “The expectation is that Leicester are going to try and hang on to Tielemans, they are not going to accept any financial offers now, because it’s more valuable to the football club to lose him on a free but have Tielemans help keep Leicester up. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “We know Arsenal could be in the mix for a midfielder, especially with [Mohamed Elneny] injured and I’m still waiting to see if a Manchester United, less likely a Newcastle, possibly Arsenal choose to speed up the strategy on Tielemans and due to the need to put something down. “I guarantee you as soon as anyone puts an offer down for Tielemans other clubs will have their heads turned and Manchester United are ones to watch in that capacity.” United have, however, been keen to downplay the possibility of any further recruits. While Ten Hag has conceded he’s got some profiles in mind, the United boss also won’t spend money for the sake of it. Arsenal would be able to land Tielemans by potentially using the money they’ve been trying to use on Brighton star Moises Caicedo. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But the likeliest scenario remains the midfielder staying at the King Power Stadium until the end of the season instead. Tielemans has, however, previously indicated he’d ‘gladly’ stay at Leicester. “I am very calm about that,” he said last summer. “My contract expires in 2023 and it's not that I absolutely want to leave. I haven't made my decision yet. If I have to stay another year, I will gladly do so. “The club has been really great towards me. They remain very professional, just like me. That will not change. “There are talks between the club and my advisors. That will remain so. It's not that I'm ignoring the club. In the summer I will study my options and take the plunge. “My family is the most important to me. I don't go somewhere that I know my family isn't happy with. “As a father of two children, you have to think about that too.”