Kate Middleton uses fashion to convey hidden meanings in most if not all of her outfits. On one visit to the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in 2022 with Princess Anne, the Princess of Wales included a very special symbol on her £400 dress.  Children’s charities have always been particularly close to Kate’s heart and she is patron of several, including the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, which she visited in April in 2022. Royal fashion expert and celebrity stylist Miranda Holder told Fabulous: "Kate wore one of her favourite contemporary brands, Self Portrait. "Her outfit consisted of a dress made to look like a belted blazer and skirt, a familiar silhouette for Kate." The royal fashion expert went on to note that while the Princess of Wales owns the dress in various colourways, she opted for cream for this particular occasion. READ MORE: Kate Middleton is called a different name by Queen Letizia of Spain  "Upon closer look, it was evident that there had been some special amendments to the look in honour of the occasion," Miranda pointed out. "Kate and her stylist had added the motif of embroidered pineapples, in complementary cream thread which maintained the elegance of the outfit, to the front of her blazer." According to Miranda, the pineapple has become a symbol frequently worn by people struggling with fertility. She explained: "It served as the perfect finishing touch to Kate’s outfit, demonstrating her solidarity for the many midwives training at the college."   Another time Kate reportedly included a hidden message in her outfit, was when she attended the James Bond premiere for "No Time To Die" in September 2021. Kate absolutely dazzled in a gold, shimmering Jenny Packham gown, and sent social media into a frenzy by appearing in such a beautiful dress. The gold, embellished dress which was floor-length, had beautiful sleeve detail which covered the Princess' shoulders and let her arms roam free. Her legs could be seen through the Hollywood-style dress, in what was a beautiful sheer effect.   Kate looked mesmerising in an altered £3,893 Jenny Packham dress. Some royal fans thought this dress was Kate sending a message through her clothing to Meghan Markle, who spent the weekend in New York attending the Global Citizen Love concert with her husband, Prince Harry. The Princess, who appeared to come out with this dress all guns blazing, showed to royal fans that she still has the ability to wow the crowds with her style. Melita Latham, a clothing designer and founder of Melita Latham London, spoke to Express.co.uk about Kate sending messages to Meghan with her Hollywood attire.   Melita said: “If Kate is secretly sending messages to Meghan by wearing this stunning, glamorous, show-stopping Marvel then she has simply no need. “Over the previous years, Kate has been compared to all female members of the English Royal Family, along with many international Royal Family members and celebrities. “But oh my goodness has she raised the bar and has simply put everyone else in the shade. If there ever was a more beautiful Bond girl to grace a 007 premiere then today I challenge you to find one. “‘No time to die’ - more like ‘no time to blink’ whilst we are dazzled by her embellished gold cape.”  