Three years on, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's exit, which was dubbed as 'Megxit' by the British media, has been compared to the divisive topic of Brexit. After their announcement on Instagram, the couple carried on for the following weeks and completed their final engagement as members of the Royal Family in March 2020. According to an article for The Sunday Times, Christmas was a fiery affair at the Kiayani household in Chorleywood. Speaking to the newspaper, 24-year-old Sarina said: "We put the King’s speech on, and it all came to blows", adding that there was "so much shouting, I couln't hear the King". Sarina, who works as a women’s officer for the Labour Party, claims that she is in favour of Meghan and Harry. The 24-year-old added: "I was always a bit ambivalent, but became a lot more Team Meghan after watching the Netflix documentary and really hearing her perspective and how she struggled." READ MORE: Prince Harry urged to speak to 'shrewd' Princess Anne for help with royal struggles Referring to her "cosmopolitan" mother, who is 52, Sarina said that she has similar opinions to her. Opposed to Meghan and Harry was her 53-year-old uncle, whom she describes as a "religious traditionalist". She said that her uncle has said, of the continuous royal row, that "it must be hard for Charles." Referring to Meghan, Sarina said that her uncle has said that "it’s such a shame Diana’s sons are so divided because of this one person". The scenes portrayed in Sarina's household were repeated this year in many across the country. READ MORE: Charles shrugs off Harry's bombshell interview as he's seen smiling at Sunday service Earlier this week, Justine Roberts, the founder of Mumsnet, described Megxit as "the new Brexit". She added, speaking to The Telegraph, that it is "splitting families by pitting Gen Z against boomer, woke against traditionalist [people]." Ms Roberts continued: "And, as with the referendum, what you think of the Sussexes partly comes down to the kind of person you are. Or does it? After last week, do they have any fans left?" She also likened the row between the Sussexes and the Royal Family to the Madeleine McCann story. DON'T MISS Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT] Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION] Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] Speaking to The Telegraph, Ms Roberts said: "People have extraordinarily strong and vitriolic views, way more powerful than I would expect. "They are so strongly anti-Meghan we’ve had to do [on the site] what we did with Madeleine McCann and cobble it into one topic because it seems slightly deranged." She added: "Ninety percent of our content is incredibly supportive, but attention is drawn to the controversial topics, which are very active because people have very strong feelings.” After their royal exit in 2020, the couple moved to begin a new life in the US with their young son, Archie Harrison, who is now three-years-old, before welcoming their daughter, Lilibet, in 2021.