According to research by Willerby, many Britons are dreaming of holidays in stunning far flung destinations. However, Brits could get a budget version of a tropical trip in nearby Wales. Henrhyd Falls in the Brecon Beacons National Park is the tallest waterfall in southern Wales and an incredible sight. A Willerby spokesperson said: “Not only is Henrhyd Falls the tallest waterfall in South Wales, but it is also one of the few British waterfalls that feel truly tropical, with moss covered rocks and verdant surroundings reminiscent of Indonesia.” The dazzling waterfall is located on National Trust land and the Trust describes it as a “tranquil” spot. Henrhyd Falls has a drop of 27m and rose to fame after being used as the entrance to the Batcave in Batman film ‘Dark Knight Rises’. READ MORE: ‘Can be draining’ Cruise passenger issues holiday warning Tourists can even walk behind the waterfall and pose behind it at the entrance of the ‘Batcave’. On the National Trust website, visitors can find a guide for a ‘moderate riverside walk’ that takes in the Falls and the Nant Llech river valley. The walk is about 3.5 miles and is dog friendly but includes some steep climbs and descents as well as uneven paths. Rainfall and spray from the river can make the path slippery at some times of year so tourists will need to wear sturdy footwear. Along the walk, visitors might be lucky enough to spot woodpeckers, tree creepers, warblers or wrens. They could even spot trout dancing in the river water as they attempt to jump up the lower falls. Apart from the Falls, tourists can also explore more of the incredible landscapes at Brecon Beacons. The park is home to Pen y Fan, the highest peak in southern Britain and one of its most recognisable skylines. READ MORE: easyJet’s new routes for summer 2023 The Upper Tarell Valley is home to semi-ancient woodlands, the perfect place to hunt for unique flora and fauna. Wales might not have Indonesia’s climate but as long as tourists pack their raincoats they should be prepared whatever the weather. If Britons are looking to stretch their budget this year, they could visit one of Indonesia’s incredible waterfalls. Nungnung waterfall, deep in the Indonesian countryside, is 900m high and a breathtaking sight. Bali has several impressive waterfalls, although tourists will need to rent a car to see some as they aren’t reachable by public transport. According to Willard’s research, Maldives was the destination at the top of most Britons’ dream holiday lists. The island paradise is known for its white sand beaches, marine life and honeymoon homes on stilts. Tourists could head to the Isles of Scilly, off the coast of Cornwall, for a cheaper taste of island life.