A nurse who was set to leave the profession this week for a massive pay rise in a new job changed her mind and has joined the strike. Thousands of nurses across England have staged a walkout today as the bitter pay dispute with the Government continues. The Health Secretary has warned that what the nurses want is “unaffordable” and such wage rises “will mean cutting patient care”.  Jade McCauley was set to start a new job this week which would have increased her yearly salary by £8,000, compared to what she earns as a community nurse.  But the 34-year-old said she changed her mind due to her passion for helping patients at Northern General Hospital in Sheffield.  Speaking to The Mirror on the picket line outside the hospital today she also raised concerns about patient safety and called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to “spend a day in our shoes”.  She said: “I am really worried about patient safety. The PM needs to come and spend a day in our shoes."   She added: "Today should have been my last day. I was leaving the NHS but I just couldn’t do it because I love my patients and my team. "There were a lot of tears over it.  "I was crying handing my notice in but it was an eight thousand pound pay rise.  “In the end, my passion for nursing won but others are leaving."  Ms McCauley’s colleague Nikki Wells is on the picket line with her and says she no longer feels pride for the NHS.  READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow  The community nurse said: “I’ve worked in Canada and America and I used to be so proud of the NHS I would boast about it.  "I feel I can’t do that now.”  She said she joined the strike “For the younger nurses, really.  “I just see nurses leaving. People have threatened in the past but I'm physically seeing nurses leaving."  The 54-year-old says jobs colleagues have taken up include becoming flight attendants and working at the city council.  She added: "It just makes me really sad. I think my hourly rate is about £14 something an hour." That’s £26 less than the hourly rate one NHS recruitment firm is offering agency nurses to cover strike days.  Ms Wells added: "I just think we feel undervalued and not appreciated.  "Especially with what's happened with Covid and how hard we all worked and how stressful it all was.  “I just really don't feel the government care about us." DON'T MISSHarry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working list [REVEALED]Five expert predictions for Ukraine war in 2023 [ANALYSIS]Rees-Mogg joins GB News as former minister to launch his own TV show [REPORT] The nursing staff from around 55 NHS trusts are taking part in the strike scheduled for today and tomorrow. And the Royal College of Nursing says two further, bigger strikes will take place in February.   The GMB union is expected to announce further ambulance worker strike dates later this afternoon.  Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay says he recognises the cost of living pressures on NHS staff but says “unaffordable pay rises” will stoke inflation.  He said: “If we provide unaffordable pay rises to NHS staff, we will take billions of pounds away from where we need it most.  “Unaffordable pay hikes will mean cutting patient care and stoking the inflation that would make us all poorer.”  The NHS says patients should attend all their appointments as usual unless they have been contacted, and to seek urgent care if needed during the industrial action.  NHS England said patients should use services “wisely” by going to NHS 111 online but calling 999 if there is a life-threatening emergency. 