Barcelona forward and reported Arsenal target Raphinha has no interest in joining the Gunners before the end of the January transfer window, according to reports. Mikel Arteta is said to have been exploring the idea of bringing Raphinha to the Emirates Stadium over the course of this weekend after Arsenal were beaten to the signing of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk by Chelsea. Arsenal are now in the market for alternative targets and have seemingly taken a liking to Raphinha, who they admired over the summer but failed to land before Barcelona snapped him up from Leeds United. However, it seems as though Arsenal's hopes of securing his signature could be dashed for the second time in less than a year if they decide to firm up their interest before the January window slams shut.Raphinha intends to make it clear that he does not want to join Arsenal as he looks to fight for his place at Barcelona over the coming months, according to Mundo Deportivo. The Brazilian winger has struggled to live up to expectations during his short spell at the Nou Camp thus far but is said to be determined to win a regular spot in the side by impressing Xavi between now and the end of the campaign.Raphinha's entourage have already ruled out the possibility of an imminent move away from Barcelona as a result of the player's desire to succeed with the Catalan giants. It remains to be seen how Arsenal will proceed in their efforts to source a new winger if Raphinha cannot be tempted into a change of heart, although several high-profile names have been tentatively linked with the Gunners in recent weeks. JUST IN: Arsenal and Spurs assisting Met Police after fan kicks Aaron Ramsdale The likes of Villarreal ace Yeremy Pino and Crystal Palace wide man Wilfried Zaha, who will be a free agent at the end of the current season as things stand, are said to have cropped up on Arsenal's radar since missing out on the signature of Mudryk. They chased the latter for a number of weeks and submitted three official bids but were left reeling on Saturday when Chelsea swooped in with an £88million offer to snatch him from under their noses.Arteta did not seem too frustrated with the situation when quizzed on the saga after Sunday's north London derby win over Tottenham, though, telling Sky Sports: "I am happy with the players we have. We always try to improve the squad. We have to be consistent with the targets we want. The club is the first one that is trying, but I think as well we have to have some discipline. "We can get those players [that we already have] better so let's focus on that. We had some injuries, some long-term injuries and this is not helpful but we can focus on tomorrow."Train better, train better and review the game. The window is open and we will try to improve the team. There are a few parties that are always involved. The club is willing, they have my support, I have their support, we will try to do it together." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.