There are two possible explanations. One is that, with the highest burden of taxation in history, people feel they are already paying enough tax, especially in a cost of living crisis, or perhaps people feel the NHS is getting enough money and that it just needs to spend it more efficiently, reducing waste, bureaucracy and overpaid senior managers. I suspect it is a combination of both. I think the public is right to be sceptical about pouring never-ending amounts of money into the NHS without insisting it is spent more wisely. When the NHS was set up its budget was – in today’s money – just over £11billion. This year the NHS budget is more than £180billion – something I think those who set it up would consider to be incredible.  I was recently criticised for describing the NHS as bureaucratic, wasteful and inefficient, and for saying that its overpaid senior managers – the chief executive of my local hospital trust is on £220,000 per year – should start taking some responsibility for the service in their hospitals rather than just asking for more and more money and blaming the Government. If these senior managers are claiming they are not responsible for their hospitals then surely they should be taking a hefty pay cut (they should anyway). Interestingly, a left-wing GP who emailed me to criticise me for my comments went on to say: “Even as a lifelong socialist I think that the NHS is an institution that is past its sell-by date, that professional protectionism is a block to progress and that there are multiple incidences of inefficiency and waste.” I think people in the NHS should take heed and should no longer presume that the British people are prepared to give an infinite amount of money to the health service. The first rule of politics has always been never to say anything critical about the NHS or those who work in it – and I fear that is one of the reasons it has become so inefficient and wasteful. I think this poll suggests those days are coming to an end and I think that can only be a good thing for taxpayers, patients and the NHS itself. Ten years ago, I introduced a Private Member’s Bill which would have made it compulsory to label all halal and kosher meat at the point of sale. My Bill was defeated by three votes. This week in Parliament I raised the issue again and asked the Government to implement compulsory labelling. I was pleased to learn that they are at least carrying out a consultation. I cannot see why anyone would be opposed to this. Some people particularly want to buy halal and kosher meat and other people particularly want to avoid buying it. By ensuring it is labelled, everyone can buy what they want. I know many people would want to see halal and kosher meat banned on animal welfare grounds, and I can see why that would be controversial, but surely everyone can agree that it should be labelled. 