Formula One fans have suggested Drive to Survive bosses will change the programme after Max Verstappen's return to the show was teased. The Dutchman boycotted last year’s series after claiming the programme “faked rivalries”. However, the 25-year-old was featured in the latest teaser trailer, suggesting he will play a big role in the new season. It has led fans to question whether the direction of the show will change in 2023 in a bid to appease the Dutchman. Twitter user @fastpitstop said: “I wonder what promises they made to Max to get him back after he called it a fake show lol.” @kxingdemix added: “DTS producers are so happy to have Max back that they make him a highlight.” Other fans appeared thrilled to have the double-world champion return, indicating they would be tuning in just to see what he had to say. READ MORE: Max Verstappen's return to Netflix Drive to Survive confirmed @grace07490780 explained: “Max Verstappen actually in Drive to Survive this season I'm too intrigued to see what he even says…now I gotta watch." @LV26KS posted: “I might actually give a chance to Drive to Survive season 5 just to see how Max Verstappen got portrayed.” Verstappen refused to feature in the programme last year over suggestions producers had made up rivalries and over-dramatised parts of the show. It meant season four did not feature any interviews with Verstappen despite the series focussing on his first world championship win. However, the Red Bull star admitted over the summer that he had held talks with show bosses over making a comeback. DON'T MISSFour stars on big deals but is Hamilton or Verstappen better paid? [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton warned Max Verstappen is now a different beast [ANALYSIS]Sergio Perez told to 'step up a gear' to take on Max Verstappen [COMMENT] max verstappen He explained: “I just sat together with them and I explained how I thought about it and what I thought went wrong in the past and it was actually a very good, quick little chat and we'll try to improve from there. “That's all I'm asking for. That's it just more realistic, at least from my side. I cannot control, of course, what they do with other drivers, but at least I want to be in control with what I'm releasing. That's what we're going to do. “I hope, of course, that it's going to be good, because I also understand that Netflix really helped a lot for the popularity, especially in the US, and I don't mind playing a role in that but it needs to be good for both of us.”