It is no secret that using certain household appliances is expensive, especially in the current climate. However, homeowners and bill payers are being warned about the worst appliances to run, with experts claiming they could be “busting your budget”. The energy experts at Radiators online explained: “Your HVAC system is the biggest consumer of energy in your home. Most HVAC systems run 24 hours a day; therefore, depending on the efficiency of your unit, on average, it may use 72kWh in a day, costing you a staggering £4,967.65 a year and £13.61 every day. “To save money, invest in a programmable thermostat. If you assumed the energy costs of running a fan are minimal, you’d be right. Consider direct current fans. “They use so little energy that operating one at full speed for 24 hours a day would cost between £24.83 and £164.25 a year.” Britons can also save money when using heating by making sure the radiators are not being blocked by furniture as well as making sure curtains and blinds are closed. READ MORE: I banished horrid smells from my washing machine using 50p item The pros said: “For example, it takes about 4,000 watts for a water heater to run for one hour, and the average water heater runs for three hours. This means it uses 12kWh per average, costing you about £828.55 if used daily for a year. “But you don’t have to break the bank to heat the water in your home; heat pump water heaters don’t directly generate heat from electricity. Instead, they use electricity to transfer heat using only around 500 watts.” Fridges are one of the most expensive household appliances to run because they must be on 24 hours a day to keep food fresh. DON'T MISS:Get rid of black mould using ‘safe’ £1 product - keeps spores ‘at bay’ [COMMENT]Orchid expert shares ‘ideal’ location in your home for your plant [INSIGHT]‘Best’ methods to remove candle wax from five materials in the home [EXPLAINER] According to the experts, on average, depending on your tariff, a fridge could cost up to £300 a year alone to run. They noted: “This means you spend more than £200 yearly to keep your food fresh. Although a refrigerator is necessary, paying for it with expensive electricity is not essential. “Instead, purchase a less-expensive appliance to lower the cost, such as propane fridges.” Using a dishwasher is a quick and easy way to wash dirty dishes, ideal if you’re short on time or have a large family. READ MORE: I removed stubborn brown mug stains in two minutes - here’s how However, according to the experts, it isn’t a great alternative if you’re looking to save money. On average, this household appliance could cost nearly £250 a year to run, if you are using it regularly. The energy pros continued: “You enjoy baking, you might know how much energy this appliance consumes. But, did you know that how you use your oven affects how much electricity you use? “We’re guilty of opening and closing the oven door while it’s on, but this habit can be costly. We estimated that an oven is used, on average, for about an hour a day. “It takes about 2,400 watts for an average oven to run. Therefore, it requires 2.4 kWh for one hour of use and costs about £164.25 to use daily for a year.” Tumble dryers are often seen as a luxury home appliance, with towels and bedding coming out warm and fluffy, drying in around two hours. While this is ideal during the winter months, Britons could be paying more than £150 each year to run a tumble dryer if they use the average run time of 45 minutes. However, this appliance is often on for a lot longer than 45 minutes at a time. Instead, items such as dehumidifiers or a heated airer could help dry clothes during the winter months. Kettles are used every day in most homes, either for a cup of tea or for rice and pasta. With an average use time of 60 times per day, this appliance could be costing more than £120 a year to use. To avoid wasting water and a hike in bills, only boil the water you need when making dinner or hot drinks. The experts said that a stove sets back bill payers just over £100 a year to use. This is if it is used for an average use time of 60 minutes. Instead, Britons could opt to use a microwave if they have one because they work out a lot cheaper than the oven and stove. This is because microwaves only heat up the food which is inside, while ovens circulate hot air around the whole of the appliance. Hair dryers are also used frequently, but they could add around £40 to a yearly bill. This does depend on how long it is used for, but the experts said it is often used for around 30 minutes each time. Coffee machines are also often seen as a luxury item, but are often used every day in homes which have one. Coming in last place, a coffee machine costs around £11 to run for a year. That is if it is used for the average time of 10 minutes. A spokesperson for Radiators Online said: “The cheapest household product on our list is the washing machine. This appliance is a widely used Energy Star model and only needs 500 watts per hour to run. “This is because your washing machine uses more energy heating water than it does doing anything else during a wash cycle. So, washing machines are more energy efficient by using cold water, which most people prefer to use when doing their laundry. “Hence, if used every day for a year, a washing machine’s electricity costs £18.25. Overall, refrain from using your energy-intensive appliances as much as possible, opt for energy star®-rated models and consider cheaper alternatives.”