Everton's crisis campaign has hit a new low after the club classed their next home game against Arsenal as 'high risk'. The Toffees are looking into enhanced security measures after players and staff were impacted by the current toxicity at Goodison Park on Saturday. Everton fans have aimed protests at the club's board all season, demanding that owner Farhad Moshiri sacks a key quartet in the hierarchy. Chairman Bill Kenwright, Chief Executive Denise Barrett-Baxendale, Financial Director Grant Ingles and Graeme Sharp were advised not to attend last weekend's six-pointer against Southampton. And supporter discontent intensified after James Ward-Prowse's double secured a crushing 2-1 comeback win for the rock-bottom Saints, leaving Everton 19th with just 15 points from 19 games. Frank Lampard's side are winless in nine outings in all competitions, losing seven and conceding 21 goals in that run, which has only fuelled outrage. The Merseyside outfit host Premier League leaders Arsenal at Goodison after another crucial clash at fellow relegation-threatened West Ham United this weekend. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And they have classed the February 4 fixture as 'high risk' for more fan trouble, ramping up a security strategy so their board can be present. After players were confronted by a mob of fans outside Goodison Park after the Southampton defeat, Everton are working with Merseyside Police to protect their stars and board members. Anthony Gordon and Yerry Mina were filmed being on the brunt of abuse from fans who blocked the road as they attempted to drive home from the game. Gordon, the subject of a £45m bid from Chelsea last summer, was in his car when surrounded by a group of youths and called a 'f***ing rat'. DON'T MISS: Liverpool's dazzling new XI with Mbappe if Qatar seal £3bn takeover  Mina was forced to leave his vehicle and have it out in a conversation with the disgruntled fanbase. After the incidents, a club statement read: "The club will not be making any comment related to specific historic incidents. "The club would like to thank the vast majority of supporters who behaved impeccably before, during and after the game with Southampton." The Merseyside Police said: "Any threats reported to Merseyside Police would be assessed and investigated as a matter of course, and any appropriate safety measures implemented." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here