The cooking duo recently returned to BBC with Hairy Bikers Go Local, and after eight episodes aired, fans were looking forward to more instalments. However, Si King and Dave Myers confirmed the show has in fact come to an end, disappointing many viewers. Taking to their Instagram account, the Hairy Bikers posted a photo from the series and informed fans no more episodes were coming. They wrote: "Sadly, the series has come to an end. We hope you enjoyed the series and the journey we went through with each episode, we look forward to seeing you on your telly sometimes soon. "Be sure to catch all of the episodes from GO LOCAL on iplayer! All recipes can be found on the @bbcgoodfood website." READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now  Fans were quick to respond to the announcement, with some surprised by the sudden end to the series and others commenting on the episodes. Instagram user howie.chris wrote: "Always enjoy our lovely Hairies!!!!! Still 2 recorded shows to watch, but also love old shows too....my fave was up North, but they can't all be the same.....keep them coming boys!!!!!!" (sic) Others offered some critque about the new episodes, with martjprice posting: "Sadly have to say I didn’t enjoy this one guyzies!! Too much ‘poncie’ food and not proper grub. "That coupled with some of the owners set in their ways and not interested. Also ….. bring back real motorbikes." (sic) caroledowbekin complained: "It was too short!!!! Need more screen time with you guys!!!!" Cryer.jeremy posted: "Loved every episode except the one to my local area Northumberland, but maybe that was because the chef was not a local lad and seemed to show no interest in local produce." "I did but I thought the bloke in the last episode was extremely miserable and didn't appear interested in dealing with any of the suppliers. It felt like a waste of a lot of people's time!" chewliz942 remarked. However, many also applauded the new series and informed the TV duo they had enjoyed it. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen lands first series since splitting from husband Clive [LATEST]Phillip Schofield tells Prince Harry to 'shut up' about royals [VIDEO]The Repair Shop's Dominic admits he 'wasn't meant to be' on BBC series [VIDEO]  prashad_veggie praised: "Absolutely brilliant series. Thanks so much for supporting us and so many brilliant other businesses. "We’ll be rewatching the whole thing all over again!" The pair made a return amid Dave's ongoing cancer battle. The 65-year-old was diagnosed with the condition last year. Appearing on The One Show in October, Si gave an update on his co-star's illness.   Host Ronan Keating asked him: "And you've got good news for us?" "We have yeah," Si smiled, explaining: "We have. It's going really well, you know. "He's still in the trenches with his chemo and his treatment, all the numbers are going well and he's getting stronger by the day and more positive by the day, so he's doing well. "He's a tough old boot, you know. He's from Barrow-in-Furness, so he's not going to give up easily!" Hairy Bikers Go Local is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.