Tyre Nichols’s mother, RowVaughn Wells, has said she is “not going to stop” until those responsible for the death of her son’s death are “prosecuted to the fullest of law". Ms Wells has given an interview with the US news network MSNBC one day after the Memphis Police Department released bodycam footage which showed Tyre Nichols being beaten by the officers.  Ms Wells said: "Tyre was a beautiful person, he was full of life, as you can see he loved to skateboard, he loved to watch the sunsets. He was a great dad. "He was just a good person. There's no perfect person in this world, but he was close to it." The video footage recently released by the Memphis Police showed Mr Nichols screaming “mom, mom” several times as he was attacked by police officers. According to Ms Well, Mr Nichols was 80 yards (73 metres) from his family home when he was stopped and beaten by officers.    Five police officers - Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Desmond Mills Jr, Emmitt Martin III and Justin Smith - have been fired and each faces charges of second-degree murder, aggravated assault, aggravated kidnapping, official misconduct and official oppression. On Friday morning, four of the five officers were released from custody after paying bail, according to their jail records. Ms Wells continued and said the officers she believes killed her son have “shamed their own families” as well as shamed their communities. She said: "I hate the fact that it was five black men that actually did this to another black man. My son probably was their age. "They just brought disgrace to themselves. I'm not an evil person, my son is not an evil person...I pray for (the officers') families because their families didn't deserve any of this either." READ MORE: Bodycam video shows five officers beating man as he begs for help  Ms Wells has spoken out on the same day that the Memphis Police announced they have abolished the Scorpion special unit, which the officers now charged were part of. Scorpion stands for "Street Crimes Operation to Restore Peace in Our Neighborhoods" and was tasked with bringing down crimes in certain locations. At the Memphis Police headquarters, protestors cheered at the news, and one protestor with a megaphone shouted to the crowd: "The unit that murdered Tyre has been permanently disbanded.” In a statement from the lawyers, Mr Nichols' family said they welcomed the decision and said it was "both appropriate and proportional to the tragic death of Tyre Nichols, and also a decent and just decision for all citizens of Memphis". DON'T MISS: Heartbroken mum of Tyre Nichols speaks out [REVEAL]Cops face investigation after traffic stop death [REPORT]Memphis cops filmed crying over pepper spray as Tyre Nichols lay dying [INSIGHT] On Friday afternoon at a press conference, Ms Wells had a message to the police officers charged. She said: “I’m going to pray for you and your families. I have a lot of words that I want to say but they will not come out, I haven’t had time to grieve. My son was supposed to be here today, no mother should lose their child in the violent way that I lost my child.” However, on Saturday Ms Well said she is going to continue to look for justice, and said: "I believe in my heart that my son was on assignment from God. He finished his assignment and God took him back home. "Even though this tragedy happened to my son, I truly believe that there is going to be a greater good that comes out of this. "And that is what keeps me going to get this justice for my son, because I'm not going to stop until every person that had anything to do with my son's death is prosecuted to the fullest of the law."