Severe flooding has left cars submerged and stranded in a village street after a river burst its banks. The dramatic scenes are in Peterston-Super-Ely, near Cardiff, where the rising River Taff has left streets underwater. The Sportsman Rest pub in the village has also fallen victim to the flooding with water up to the bottom of its groundfloor windows. The River Taff has also burst its banks in Cardiff's Bute Park and the Taff trail, Blackweir and Pontcanna Fields lie underwater.  Historic Roath Park in the city is also waterlogged as rain continues to pour across Wales. In Crickhowell, large parts of the town are flooded after the River Usk burst its banks, reports WalesOnline, while a playground in Taff's Well has become a swimming pool. Roads across Wales are closed as a result of flooding, while train services also seeing major delays. Over 20 warnings have been issued by Natural Resources Wales, warning that flooding is expected. There are also 43 flood alerts in place, meaning that flooding is possible in those areas. Meanwhile roads have been closed as a result of fallen trees as strong winds and heavy rain continue to batter the principality. Rhondda Cynon Taf council has urged people to only drive if "absolutely necessary" due to hazardous driving conditions and surface water across the borough. The M48 Severn Bridge is currently closed in both directions due to strong winds and motorists are advised to use the Prince of Wales bridge instead. The road between the Heritage Park Hotel, Porth, and Travis Perkins in Hopkinstown is closed as a result of flooding.   According to weather presenter, Sue Charles, Cardiff has already had more than a month's worth of rain this January. Yesterday was also Cardiff's third wettest January on record.  Help from the British Red Cross is available to those who need it following flooding today. Henry Barnes, Emergency Response Operations Manager, Wales said: “The British Red Cross emergency response team remains on standby to help, should anything happen and should our support be needed. “We understand that seeing reports of high river levels and flooding can be stressful and upsetting. Especially if you live in an area with a high flood risk like Rhondda Cynon Taf or have previously experienced flooding yourself. “We urge people to check their flood risk and check weather warnings. We know from experience that flooding can happen shockingly quickly. Weather warnings can help you prepare for flooding before it happens, whilst providing peace of mind for people in areas less likely to be affected. “We have advice on steps people can take to better prepare themselves for flooding and respond to flooding if it does occur. This includes actions they can take before, during and after a flood.” 