Chelsea new boy Noni Madueke has been compared to former Blues ace Arjen Robben by one of his coaches after joining the west Londoners earlier this month. Madueke emerged as one of the best young wingers in the Netherlands during his time with PSV Eindhoven before Chelsea snapped him up for a transfer fee in the region of £29million last week. The England youth international is yet to make his official debut for the Blues but could be in line to feature in next weekend's Premier League meeting with local rivals Fulham if he is given the nod to play by Graham Potter. Madueke has already been tipped to pick up where Robben left off in west London by Saul Isaksson-Hurst, who has worked with the 20-year-old on a one-to-one basis over the last few years."He is top, for me he is one of the best young forward players in Europe, easily," Isaksson-Hurst told Sky Sports. "A lot of focus has been on Cody Gakpo at PSV because of the World Cup but Noni is up there."He is one of the best, if not the best, because he is so dynamic, so strong in one-vs-ones, so technically gifted, so athletic. Really, he's got the full package. Noni is an attacking wide player who likes to play on the right as an inverted winger, so one of his 'super skills' is cutting in on his left side, like Arjen Robben, and shooting from the edge of the box. JUST IN: Arsenal know they can get Caicedo transfer done after bid rejected "We worked a lot on challenging and trying to develop his 'super skill' but I also talked to him about the space it opens up on his right side, on his weaker foot, which he has done a lot of work on himself over the last few years."You see when Robben played, defenders would overcompensate to make sure he didn't get them on the inside, but that opens up a lot of space on the outside, and we worked a lot on that, going in and then going out again, onto his weaker foot." It remains to be seen how Madueke will fare during his time at Chelsea, with the former Tottenham academy star likely to be used on the right flank by Graham Potter in tandem with fellow new signing Mykhaylo Mudryk on the left. The Blues manager recently insisted that supporters will soon be able to see for themselves what Madueke is capable of, telling reporters: "He’s an exciting player and brings a left-footed attacking option for us and competition in that area of the pitch."He’s a young player that has had a good start in his career, accumulated games at a big club in Holland, and he’s ready to take the next step. We need to help him make that step and adjust to life with us and the Premier League. He’s an exciting player and I think our supporters will like him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.