Arsenal target Declan Rice has been privately praising the Gunners to West Ham team mates after the England international was linked with a move to the Emirates. Manchester United and Chelsea are both believed to be interested in the 24-year-old but he appears keen to join Mikel Arteta given his comments about the Spaniard’s side. Rice has been linked with a move away from the London Stadium for some time after a series of impressive performances for the Hammers. He has also established himself as a key man within the England set-up and started every game for the Three Lions at the World Cup in Qatar. The midfielder is believed to have indicated he would like to leave the London Stadium and turned down a new eight-year deal in May. His current contract expires in 2024 and while the club have the option to extend it for another 12 months they may need to sell him soon in order to maximise his potential value. Arsenal are one of the many clubs to be credited with an interest in the midfielder's services. United, Chelsea and Liverpool are also believed to be monitoring his situation, but the Gunners may have the advantage after Arteta made the Englishman his top target for the summer. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss Rice has privately spoken about Arsenal on glowing terms according to CBS Sports, suggesting he was stunned by the progress the side have made over the last 12 months. He has been gushing in public too, tipping them to ‘go all the way’ and claim the Premier League title after West Ham’s 3-1 defeat at the Emirates on Boxing Day. Should the 24-year-old be snapped up by Arsenal he would immediately rival Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka for a starting slot and would undoubtedly replace one of them in the long term. In the meantime, he has spoken of his desire to play in the Champions League and really push himself within his career. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure “One hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League,” he said last month. “For the last two or three years I’ve been saying that. “I’ve been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. I see my friends here who are playing Champions League and for big trophies. You only get one career and at the end you want to look back at what you’ve won and the biggest games you’ve played in.” It remains to be seen where Rice’s next club will be but his comments suggest he would jump at a move to Arsenal if given a chance.