Science and PE teacher Kai Fagan will put his chat up lines to the test tonight as five girls enter the villa and pick who they first want to be coupled up with. However, Kai isn't the first member of his family to appear on the TV screen, as his cousin Dean Fagan had a brief stint in the ITV soap Coronation Street. Between 2014 and 2018, Dean Fagan portrayed the mechanic Luke Britton and had an eventful exit from the series. Speaking about his cousin's stint on the show and whether he would like to take on a similar role, Kai told Express.co.uk and other press: "So it's my second cousin. "He was on Coronation Street, I can't remember who he played, I know he worked in the garage and he got killed. "I don't think I am much of an actor, I'm not closing any doors on anything right now but it is not something I have ever even thought about, probably not but the door is always open." READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy Discussing why he decided to apply for the ITV2 dating show, he explained: "I just think in life if you get opportunities you should do them. "I feel like if my life goes in one linear way, it goes on doing the same thing every single day I would look back in the future and think maybe I wanted something a bit different. "So I feel like if you have an opportunity in life you go for it, I know it is completely different, but that's why. "I want a life like a storybook so that's why the more things that I can do the better." Kai also alluded to the fact he isn't worried about his bosses seeing him have sex on TV, and explained: "If stuff happens, stuff happens, doesn’t it? "A massive part of teaching is developing good personalities, good relationships, positive relationships. "If I can demonstrate that on TV, then there’s nothing stopping me from going back to teaching in the future. "Like I said, it’s human nature, developing relationships, hopefully pursuing it and getting love, which is the aim of the show so it’s positive for the pupils. DON'T MISS...James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession [LATEST]Dick Strawbridge airs concern as Angel Adoree makes Chateau demand  [WATCH]Call The Midwife's Miss Higgins star admits to being 'diva' on set [INSIGHT] Dean's exit from the ITV soap was kept under wraps until the airing of his farewell episode where he was murdered by Pat Phelan (Connor McIntyre). Pat got together with Jason Grimshaw's (Ryan Thomas) mother Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) and later ran Jason's Construction. His grand plan was to sell some bogus flats in Calcutta Street, but when his partner Vinny Ashford (Ian Kelsey) ran off with the money, Pat was forced to stay put, marrying Eileen in 2017. The remainder of his life was a constant battle to keep his crimes under wraps; he watched Michael Rodwell (Les Dennis) die from a heart attack after rumbling the flats scam, before murdering Luke for knowing too much. During his last episode back in January 2018, Pat attacked Luke with a stone but after a struggle, he managed to get away. A car chase then ensued, with the pair speeding down a road before Pat managed to force Luke off the road. Reaching for his gun, Pat calmly walked over to the car and shot Luke as he sat in the driver’s seat of his vehicle. Turning back to the car, he shot the petrol tank which engulfed the car in an enormous fireball. Love Island begins tonight at 9pm on ITV.