A big push has been announced to try to get people to sign up for the benefit which could see some of the poorest people in the country get an extra £3,500 a year. Pension Credit is extra money for pensioners to bring their weekly income up to a minimum amount. Age UK is urging all older people who are struggling on a low income and who are not already getting Pension Credit to put in a claim without delay to avoid missing out. Despite considerable financial benefits, the charity said a third (34 percent) of pensioners eligible to claim Pension Credit are still missing out. The latest DWP figures indicate £1.7billion is being left unclaimed by around 770,000 older people across the UK who are missing out on this crucial income boost. The benefit helps top-up a person’s income to a minimum of £182.60 per week for single pensioners and £278.70 for couples. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “Although it’s good news that the state pension and benefits will rise in line with inflation from April, many older people are still extremely worried about staying warm and well over the coming months. “However, there is a lot of extra support available to help those on the lowest incomes this winter and it’s not too late to claim it.” READ MORE: Nationwide offers 'exclusive savings accounts' for customers - savers get up to 5% Also included with that will be a leaflet which has been altered to include details about Pension Credit - which can also allow people to access more help with housing, heating and council tax. DWP Minister Laura Trott MP said: “In the new year, DWP will again write to over 11 million pensioners as part of the annual uprating of state pension. The accompanying leaflet has been updated to include this year’s campaign messaging promoting Pension Credit. “Further spend of £1.8million has been approved for marketing activity until the end of this financial year.” A new claim for Pension Credit which later turns out to be successful will also mean the claimant qualifies for the £900 means-tested cost of living payment and the £300 pensioner cost of living payment in 2023/24. Pension Credit is a weekly benefit to boost income based on how much money a person has coming in. There are two parts to Pension Credit, called Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. People could get one or both parts. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den rejects turnover £22.5million despite doubts they would make ‘huge profit’ Guarantee Credit tops up one’s weekly income to a minimum amount. Savings Credit is a small top-up for people who have a modest amount of income or savings. It’s only available for those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. To claim Pension Credit individuals must: If an individual has £10,000 or less in savings and investments this will not affect their Pension Credit. If they have more than £10,000, every £500 over £10,000 counts as £1 income a week. For example, if they have £11,000 in savings, this counts as £2 income a week. If one’s weekly income is below £182.60 then Guarantee Credit will top them up to that amount. Those claiming as a couple who have income below £278.70 will be topped up to that amount. If two people are claiming as a couple they’ll need the same information about their partner’s income. Their income can be higher than £182.60 or £278.70 if they qualify for extra amounts such as the severe disability or carer’s addition. Their income can also be higher if they’re paying a mortgage.