Benjamin Netanyahu said Iran had shown the world its "true face" and its "barbarism" as he met with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken. His comments come after Mr Blinken arrived in Jerusalem just days after violence between Israelis and Palestinians.  The violence had followed from accusations levied by the Irani state claiming Israel used drones to attack a factory in the central city of Isfahan after the violence. Also allegedly launched by Israeli aircraft, are separate air strikes on convoys in Eastern Syria, which killed seven suspected militants. Israel has not yet commented on the air strikes but explosive attacks were the hallmark of Netanyahu's previous term in office. Netanyahu said: “They’ve seen the barbarism of this regime against its own people.” READ MORE: Barack Obama pinpoints 'unresolved contradictions' at heart of EU “They’ve seen how it exports aggression beyond its border and beyond the Middle East.” Blinken expressed his support for the people of Israel as they “confront terrorism”. His visit is part of a tour of the Middle East but comes after a terrorist attack on Friday killed seven civilians outside a synagogue in annexed east Jerusalem. That came a day after the deadliest army raid in years in the occupied West Bank, when ten people were killed in Jenin. The government of Israel have made moves to punish families of attackers. That includes plans to remove their right to social security benefits and steps to make it easier for Israeli citizens to carry firearms. In the latest bloodshed, Israeli troops yesterday killed a Palestinian driver in the West Bank, officials on both sides said. The army said that his car had rammed a soldier’s leg before speeding off. DON'T MISSBrexit unmasks Macron as de Gaulle’s EU prediction confirmed [ANALYSIS]Macron braced for ‘pandemonium in France’ over Brexit [EXCLUSIVE]UK fishing rights 'in hands of millionaires’ after Brexit [INSIGHT] There have been calls in Israel’s security cabinet to deport the families of attackers from Jerusalem and deny them residency rights. The house in Jerusalem of a 13-year-old Palestinian boy who shot and wounded two Israelis on Saturday morning has been sealed, as a prelude to demolishing it. Similar action has been taken in the past by Israel against the homes of Palestinians who have murdered Israelis. This is the first time such a step has been taken when an attack has not been fatal. Bezalel Smotrich, finance minister and leader of the far-right Religious Zionism party, said in a tweet that the government planned to pass a law that would allow it to deport Palestinian families of militants from Jerusalem to Gaza. “This is the direction we are going in and with God’s help, we will pass this law,” he wrote. On arrival at Tel Aviv, Blinken focused his remarks on recent events in Israel and the occupied territories, condemning those who celebrated the Jerusalem violence and “any other acts of terrorism that take innocent lives”. He said: “It’s the responsibility of everyone to take steps to calm tensions rather than inflame them. That is the only way to halt the rising tide of violence that has taken too many lives — too many Israelis, too many Palestinians.”