A flight attendant turned independent luxury travel expert has shared their tried and tested "rules" for plane journeys to make the whole experience easier and "more comfortable" for passengers. In a recent post on the popular online forum, Reddit, a user who goes by the name Consciousendeavors explained that preparation is key to making the most of your trip - from the moment you reach the airport. The flight attendant wrote that while there are "many" ways to make air travel that much easier, the "absolutely must-follow guidelines" include packing lesser-known essentials and avoiding certain things while on the plane. In the post, the Reddit user led with a safety tip to keep your most valuable possessions locked away while travelling. They said: "Dedicate a specific place in your carry-on bag for your passport, phone, wallet, and keys. Use that space every time you get any of those items out. and put them back after you've had to get them out at security or wherever." When it comes to putting items in the right bag, the luxury travel expert recommended keeping "must-have items" in carry-on luggage rather than checked-in bags. This includes everything from prescriptions, glasses and toiletries, to a few pairs of clean underwear, chargers and most important - a  photocopy of your passport or driver's license. According to the Reddit user, carry-all and tote-style bags without a zipper should be avoided when planning your hand luggage as "stuff will fall out". READ MORE: ‘Book no later’ than February for Easter - key dates for Britons Even before packing, choosing the right kind of bag for your trip should depend on who you are flying with. The flight attendant noted that "knowing the rules" for your carrier "ahead of time" can save a lot of time and money when you get to the airport. They explained that with some budget airlines, you could end up paying more for your luggage at the airport than you did for your ticket if you don't "buy ahead" - and the same applies to some larger carriers too. In most cases, tickets include at least one carry-on bag unless it's a super saver fare. If you're struggling to fit everything into your suitcase, it is worth investing in a "tiny bag" that is reusable and foldable. This is particularly useful for souvenirs and other airport purchases that you may not have room for. According to the flight attendant, this is "the only exception" to the no zipper bag rule, as long as the handles can be tied together. Preparing for the plane journey itself is also essential, particularly when it comes to your skin.  Over-the-counter medications are also worth packing in your hand luggage - even if you don't think you need them. In the post, the flight attendant recommended packing a decongestant like Sudafed to ease the pressure on your sinuses during take-off and landing. READ MORE: Man charged £220 for calling Wizz Air customer service line  This one may sound obvious, but it's a mistake many people make during the rush of heading to the gate for boarding. Instead of wondering if you have time to use the toilets before finding your seat on the plane, the flight attendant suggested making time to utilise the airport bathrooms, adding that "you will be a lot more comfortable". While this is most important for long-haul journeys, dressing comfortably - particularly in terms of your footwear, is essential for all flights if you want to relax while keeping your shoes on.  If you are taking an indirect route to your destination, the luxury travel expert recommended always having a plan of action to prepare you for the worst. They said: "If something goes wrong with your flight and you are going to miss your connection, jump on the carrier's app and text an agent as soon as you've landed and are taxi-ing to the gate rather than waiting until you get off the aircraft to go stand in line for customer service." One of the Reddit users' final tips was to "take mosquito wipes everywhere" if you're heading somewhere hot. They wrote that from experience, doing so has "saved" them "many times". The flight attendant explained that these are especially important in Milan, Santorini, the Caribbean, and all over Eastern and Southern US. 