The TikTok video shows the virtual assistant making a dire prediction about the future in response to a question about the end of the world down to the date and time. This prediction comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and the West, with Vladimir Putin recently ordering his military to be raised to special alert after the invasion of Ukraine.   World War 3 will begin November 23, 2023, at 6:05 pm, according to the Alexa device. The video clip certainly predicts a bleak future, but the Daily Star has suggested the stunt could be the handiwork of TikTok's Jon Buckhouse, a notorious prankster. Specializing in posting fake "Alexa responses" online, Buckhouse's popularity has skyrocketed with his spoofs, including a prediction of Miami's destruction in a 2025 hurricane and a White House run by Dwayne The Rock Johnson. Researchers from Snopes, the online fact-checking service, have suggested how Buckhouse might have gotten Alexa to make these shocking prophecies.  According to Snopes, the content creator may have utilized "Alexa Blueprints," a tool that allows users to create custom responses to specific questions and interactions. Steve Rabuchin, Vice President of Amazon Alexa, said: "Alexa Skill Blueprints is an entirely new way for you to teach Alexa personalised skills just for you and your family. "You don’t need experience building skills or coding to get started—my family created our own jokes skill in a matter of minutes, and it’s been a blast to interact with Alexa in a totally new and personal way." Meanwhile, fighting remained largely deadlocked on Monday in eastern Ukraine where Russian shelling killed five civilians over the past day, according to Ukrainian officials, as the warring sides sized up their needs for renewed military pushes expected in coming weeks.  The casualties included a woman who was killed and three others who were wounded by the Russian shelling of Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city in the country’s northeast, regional Gov. Oleh Syniyehubov said Monday. Russia’s troops seized large areas of the northeastern Kharkiv region in the months following its invasion of its neighbor last February. But Ukrainian counteroffensives that began in August snatched back Russian-occupied territory, most notably in Kharkiv. Those successes lent weight to Ukraine’s arguments that its troops could deliver more stinging defeats to Russia if its Western allies provided more weaponry. DON'T MISS:UK ill-prepared for looming conflict - COMMENT [COMMENT]Zelensky gears up to receive Western jets 'as soon as possible' [SPOTLIGHT]Bold action can sort the problems of Britain plc - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Kyiv last week won promises of tanks from the United States and Germany. Poland’s Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki on Monday hinted at the prospect of more upcoming pledges, saying that “any activity aimed at strengthening Ukraine’s defense powers is under consultation with our NATO partners.” Such a move could encounter some familiar political obstacles, however. Chancellor Olaf Scholz, after demurring for weeks over sending Germany’s Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine, looks set to dig his heels in over providing fighter jets. Germany would not have the key role in aircraft deliveries that it did on the Leopards, which are German-made and require German export approval.