Arsenal chief executive Vinai Venkatesham has promised to “look to see what opportunities are out there” during every transfer window. The Gunners have stormed to the top of the Premier League table after winning 14 of their 17 matches this season. “We’ve got a very clear plan headed up by [sporting director] Edu about what we want to do to strengthen the squad,” Venkatesham told Sky Sports. “Every transfer window of course we’re going to look to see what opportunities are out there. If something makes sense from a technical perspective and a financial perspective of course we’ll look at it. “But we’re happy with the squad that we’ve got. We’ll of course have a look what’s around every single transfer window. We’ve got a long-term plan to continue to strengthen the team.” Arsenal have invested heavily in their squad over the last 18 months, with the likes of Martin Odegaard, Ben White and Aaron Ramsdale arriving at the Emirates Stadium in the summer of 2021, before Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira and Oleksandr Zinchenko moved to north London last summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk is the latest player to be linked with a big-money move to Arsenal, with the Gunners reportedly having bids of £52million and £62m turned down for the Ukraine international. Shakhtar are said to be holding out for £88m for their prized asset, with Chelsea also sniffing around in an attempt to persuade the 22-year-old to move to Stamford Bridge. But when Venkatesham was quizzed about Mudryk, he chose to remain tight-lipped. “You know the answer I’m going to give you,” he responded. “I’m not going to talk about specific players.” READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks   Arsenal missed out on a place in the Premier League top four last season following a poor end to the season. But the north London giants started the new season in formidable form as they won their opening five games. Mikel Arteta’s side have continued to impress throughout the campaign and have lost on just one occasion in the league as they went down to Manchester United in September. The Gunners have beaten the likes of Tottenham, Liverpool and Chelsea since the campaign got underway and are now five points ahead of second-place Manchester City. Earlier this week the team saw off Oxford in the FA Cup to progress to the fourth round of the competition. But Arteta’s side are set for a tricky week when they return to league action as they travel to Spurs on Sunday, before hosting Erik ten Hag’s Red Devils a week later. 