Prince William's godfather Constantine, the former and last King of Greece, has died at age 82, doctors announced on Tuesday. The former monarch ruled the Greek people from 1964 to 1973 until a 1974 referendum abolished the monarchy. Constantine reportedly died “of a stroke”, according to Greek public broadcaster ERT. Constantine was the second cousin to King Charles and known to be a close friend. He was also the brother to Queen Sophie of Spain and brother in law to Queen Margrethe of Denmark. He was last seen in public in October 2022 dining with his wife and sisters in the centre of Athens, the capital of Greece.  The former king has struggled with various health problems in recent years after being treated for a stroke in 2018 that left him largely wheelchair-bound. His poor state became evident when he was unable to attend the funeral of Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II last September. In December 2021, he was hospitalised with pneumonia. Prior to that, he had suffered a mild heart attack and pulmonary edema, as well as a severe case of Covid-19. Constantine was last seen in public dining with his wife, Anne-Marie, and his sisters, Sofia and Irene, at a restaurant in the centre of Athens in October 2022.    His accession to the throne in Greece was similar to that of Her late Majesty; both assumed their roles in the twenties. Constantine became the monarch when he was just 23, while the Queen became Britain’s sovereign when she was 25. Constantine and his wife, Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark, lived in Hampstead in north London for many years before he sold his property in 2013. He was known to be a close friend of his second cousin King Charles III and godfather to the monarch’s eldest son and heir to the British throne, Prince William. READ MORE: King Charles’ first cousin, Max Margrave of Baden, dies in Germany [REPORT]   Constantine was also a competitive sailor and Olympian, winning a gold medal in the 1960 Rome Olympics in the Dragon class. He later served on the International Olympic Committee (IOC). Having been unofficially exiled from Greece in the 1970s, he returned for only the second time in 2004 to fulfil his duties as a member of the IOC. The first visit he made to Greece after leaving in 1974 was for the funeral of his mother, Queen Frederica, in February 1981. He was permitted to return for only a few hours. In later comments on the referendum, Constantine repeatedly stated that he recognized the republic, the laws, and the constitution of Greece. DON'T MISS: William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [REPORT] Kate celebrates 41st birthday with 'grace and beauty' [REVEAL] Prince William 'devastated' over Harry attacks and 'cannot forgive'... [REPORT]   He told Time: “If the Greek people decide that they want a republic, they are entitled to have that and should be left in peace to enjoy it.” Constantine and his wife Anne-Marie returned to Greece in 2013, after the political climate was deemed safe enough for their relocation. They originally settled in the coastal village of Porto Heli but took up residence in Athens in the spring of 2022 to be closer to medical services. READ NEXT: King Charles making plans to restore Prince Philip's Greek homeSophie and Edward getaway: Inside quaint taverna where royals wentRoyals reunited as Queen Margrethe and Anne-Marie join in Denmark'Divine!' Princess Olympia of Greece 'looks fabulous' in new YSL dressInside Mon Repos: The 'romantic' Greek palace where Prince Philip live   