Ferrari were reportedly banned from attending a private meeting between teams after the team refused to agree to F1’s new 2026 rules. The Scuderia was blocked from attending an Engine Advisory Committee meeting on December 15 as punishment for their snub, according to RacingNews365. F1 had set a deadline of October 15 for power unit suppliers to sign up for the 2026 package. However, this was extended after Audi was the only marque to agree to the conditions. Alpine, Honda, Mercedes and Red Bull Powertrains (RBPT) submitted their registrations by the second deadline but Ferrari is yet to agree. The Prancing Horse is understood to be concerned about Red Bull’s status which could give them access to benefits. Ferrari accepts new manufacturers like Audi should receive extra but feels Red Bull is trying to bend the rules. READ MORE: Ex-Ferrari star fires shots at Binotto and says he'll 'never forgive' Signing up as RBPT will in theory make them a new competitor and grant access to increased funds and development time. A Ferrari spokesperson said the team had “no answer” regarding when the situation could be resolved. Alpine boss Laurent Rossi also hinted at some disagreements between teams over the new regulations. He explained: “We had some points we wanted to discuss on the legal side, to make sure that we fully covered as much as possible, which we did. “We just kept on discussing those points as far as we could. And at some point, when we reach a level in discussions where we think we’re all in a good position, we sign – or we’re going to sign. I think it’s imminent.” DON'T MISSFerrari send message to Mercedes and Red Bull with new car [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc in boost to 2023 hopes with Ferrari set for upgrades [ANALYSIS]Mattia Binotto 'was not good' at Ferrari as Vasseur tipped for title [COMMENT] Red Bull had considered striking a partnership with Porsche for 2026 but the deal collapsed over the summer. The German manufacturer claimed negotiations ended because an equal partnership could not be agreed. Red Bull confirmed it was important for the team to be independent and make its own decisions. Horner also addressed issues with manufacturers missing the deadline, stressing there had been a lot of talks with stakeholders. He commented: “The deadlines were extended but there's an awful lot of discussion about governance and tidying up some of the technical regs and obviously financial regs as well. But as a newcomer for 2026, Red Bull Powertrains has entered."