Footage of five officers allegedly beating Tyre Nichols is set to be released tonight, with a police chief warning it is worse than the Rodney King incident in 1991.  Mr Nichols, 29, died in hospital three days after the confrontation during a traffic stop. Memphis Police Chief Cerelyn Davis said the video was the worst she had ever seen in her career. "We are going to see acts that defy humanity, a disregard for life, duty of care and a level of physical interaction that is above and beyond what is required in law enforcement," she said. The video is set to be released on the Department's website at 7pm EST (12am GMT) amid actions being taken in the case of potentially violent protests. FBI Director Christopher Wray told reporters he was "appalled" by what he had seen while watching the footage. "What happened in Memphis is obviously tragic. I’ve seen the video myself and I will tell you I was appalled," Wray said. "I’m struggling to find a stronger word but I will just tell you I was appalled." Chief Davis suggested the cops appeared to be in a state of "groupthink" as they confronted Nichols and became violent. "I was in law enforcement during the Rodney King incident and it’s very much aligned with that type of behaviour…sort of groupthink,” Davis claimed. "I would say it’s about the same if not worse.” King barely survived on March 3, 1991, when he was beaten by officers from Los Angeles police department during an arrest after a car chase, with the violence caught on tape.  The footage sparked weeks of deadly rioting across the country but particularly in Los Angeles when the officers involved in that case were aquitted of assault. Ahead of the release of the body cam footage, Davis cautioned people against reacting violently after viewing it. "This is not just a professional failing, this is a failing of basic humanity toward another individual," the chief said on Wednesday. She said the five officers and others who were involved in his death "failed our community, and they failed the Nichols family", adding: "That is beyond regrettable." "I expect our citizens to exercise their First Amendment right to protest, to demand action and results. But we need to ensure our community is safe in this process," Chief Davis said. Law enforcement agencies across the country have been preparing for potentially violent protests ahead of the video's release. Capitol Police told Fox News: "The Metropolitan Police Department has fully activated all sworn personnel in preparation for possible First Amendment activities in the District of Columbia." While, in Austin, Texas, police said they were watching the events in Memphis and officers would be "be moving into tactical alert status beginning Friday morning". READ MORE: Tributes pour in for two children allegedly strangled to death by mum Atlanta Police were also monitoring the situation and the LAPD had additional units "on standby". Four of the five officers charged with the murder of Mr Nichols have been released on bail. Each of the now-fired police officers face charges of second-degree murder, aggravated assault, aggravated kidnapping, official misconduct and official oppression. Desmond Mills and Justin Smith each posted their $250,000 bond and were released on Thursday evening. Emmitt Martin and Tadarrius Bean were released by 4am on Friday. Demetrius Haley has not paid his $350k bond and remains in jail. Second-degree murder is defined in Tennessee as a “knowing killing of another” and is considered a Class A felony punishable by between 15 to 60 years in prison. DON'T MISSRepublicans committing 'fiscal terrorism' with debt limit talks‘Miracle’ as Texas tornado kills noneHarry set for 'temporary peace' with Royal Family At least two of the officers, including Martin and Mills, are expected to plead "not guilty", according to their lawyers. "No one out there that night intended for Tyre Nichols to die," Martin’s lawyer, William Massey said. Civil rights attorney Ben Crump, who is representing the Nichols' family, has reviewed the body camera footage and called it "appalling”. "It is deplorable. It is heinous. It is violent," Crump added on Monday. The footage is expected to be released around 7pm ET (12am GMT) tonight.