The election for the next US president will take place in 2024, but Joe Biden is reportedly preparing to announce his bid in the coming weeks, with the New York Post saying the current president is "all in". Biden's team is thought to be preparing an announcement for around the time of the State of the Union address to Congress in February, after Biden reportedly discussed a second term with his family over the festive period. Biden is already the US's oldest president in history but would be 82 at a second inauguration, and 86 by the end of a second term in the White House. US Presidents are permitted to serve two terms in office for a total of eight years. And Biden is "all in", according to his allies. One source told The Hill: "I think it’s all about timing at this point. “It seems like he’s all in. It’s not really ‘if’ he runs anymore.” A date for the State of Union speech is yet to be set after newly appointed Speaker Kevin McCarthy was elected after days of heated debate. He was elected as House speaker in the 118th Congress after receiving 216 votes on the 15th attempt. Mr McCarthy said in response to his election: "My father always told me, it’s now how you start, it’s how you finish." READ MORE:Kidnapped and murdered by racists over a wolf-whistle Meanwhile, former national security advisor John Bolton entered the presidential race vowing to stop his former boss Donald Trump getting back into the White House. He told Good Morning Britiain: “I wouldn’t run as a vanity candidate,” he said. “If I didn’t think I could run seriously, then I wouldn’t get in the race. “I would get in to win the nomination and I would do it primarily on the basis that we need a much stronger foreign policy.” In November Donald Trump launched his third bid for the presidency saying: "America's comeback starts right now". He said: "Two years ago we were a great nation. And soon we will be a great nation again. "The decline of America is being forced upon us by Biden and the radical left... this is not a decline we must accept." Trump continues to repeat the unfounded claim that the 2020 election was "rigged" against him.