Anthony Yarde makes his second attempt at becoming a world champion tonight as he squares off against WBC, WBO and IBF light-heavyweight champion Artur Beterbiev in London. The Russian-Canadian is the only active world champion with a one hundred per cent knockout rate and comes in as a heavy favourite against his British adversary. But that will not dissuade Yarde, who travelled to Russia three years ago to box long-reigning champion Sergey Kovalev in his backyard. Although he was eventually stopped in the eleventh round there were signs of serious potential and after walking through Lyndon Arthur in their rematch at the back end of 2021, The Beast from the East established himself as Beterbiev’s WBO mandatory. Fight time and venue The light-heavyweight title fight is being held at the OVO Arena in Wembley, London with ring walks expected around 10:30pm UK time. Before the headline attraction, the main card is set to get going at 7pm. TV channel and live stream All of the action will be broadcast live on BT Sport 1 in the UK with coverage starting at 7pm. This is a non-PPV event and is comes at no extra charge for BT Sport subscribers. It can be live streamed on all good internet-connected devices including smartphones, tablets, smart TVs and laptops via the BT sport app and website. Full card Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde – For WBC, IBF, and WBO light-heavyweight titles Artem Dalakian vs David Jimenez – for WBA flyweight title Karol Itauma vs Ezequiel Osvaldo Maderna Charles Frankham vs Joshua Ocampo Umar Khan vs Sandeep Singh Bhatti Sean Noakes vs Santiago Garces Tommy Fletcher vs Darryl Sharp Masood Abdulah vs Lesther Lara Joshua Frankham vs Joe Hardy Khalid Ali vs Ivica Gogosevic Moses Itauma vs Marcel Bode MORE BOXING NEWS... 15-year-old boxer dies from brain injuries suffered in car crash Conor McGregor announces new coaching role as he eyes UFC return Chalmers promises to 'smoke' KSI after sly dig at Mayweather bout Quotes Beterbiev: “I had a good camp. I had good sparring. I will try to do my best. My team and I always try to be ready for anything, any strategy. I can’t compare [Yarde] to Joe Smith. It’s a different fight. Joe Smith had a belt at that time. It’s not comparable.” Yarde: “If you look at what he’s accomplished so far, it’s amazing, and that’s what amps me up. So, again, I beat him, I deserve some respect…he’s never been in a situation where he’s lost. But for me, it’s all about me. That’s the way I am. That’s the way I operate. It’s about me and my legacy. He’s just the person with the belts.”  