Tottenham have been urged to bolster Antonio Conte’s squad in January with two transfers, including ending Harry Maguire’s difficult spell at Manchester United. The Italian boss has bemoaned the lack of quality in the Spurs team following their 2-0 defeat at home to Aston Villa on New Year’s Day, and there are concerns that he may walk away from the job if he is not backed with further investment. Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic, Clement Lenglet, Djed Spence and Fraser Forster were brought to the club in the summer, as Cristian Romero’s loan was also made permanent. Conte has come under pressure in recent weeks, however, amid concerns that he is not getting the best out of the current squad and his lack of long-term commitment to the club. Former Spurs midfielder Jamie O’Hara believes that a double signing needs to be made in January in order to strengthen the team following their dire result against Unai Emery’s outfit on Sunday. Hugo Lloris’ error led to Villa’s first goal, as he spilt a long-range effort from Douglas Luiz and Ollie Watkins was able to tee up Emi Buendia to score, and O’Hara feels that the Frenchman’s time is coming to an end at the club. “We need a replacement for Lloris,” O’Hara told talkSPORT. “He’s been a great servant to the football club but he does make too many mistakes. I think eventually we are going to have to replace him. Jordan Pickford, absolutely. Give me Pickford now. “Harry Maguire is better than what we’ve got. He’s not playing at Manchester United. If a left-back is playing at centre-half and you’re not featuring, then Maguire has got to be looking at saying ‘I want out.’ “[Lisandro] Martinez is going to come back from the World Cup with Argentina, so Harry Maguire is going to go even further down the pecking order. Maguire has got to look to get out of there. I would have him at Tottenham, absolutely, definitely.” DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January Maguire, who United bought for £80million from Leicester in 2019, could be available for less than his fee four years ago having fallen down the pecking order under Erik ten Hag according to reports. Pickford, meanwhile, has been one of Everton’s best performers and continued to show his quality at the World Cup as Gareth Southgate’s number one. The Toffees could be facing financial difficulties should they get relegated this season and even if they remain in the Premier League may have to sell one of their stars, similar to how Spurs landed Richarlison in the summer and the north London side could repeat the same tactic in order to land their Lloris successor.