Ghislaine Maxwell has spoken glowingly of her time with the late Queen Elizabeth II. Speaking from a Florida jail, the notorious convicted sex trafficker said she felt "profoundly sorry" about the monarch's death in September last year. The disgraced former socialite and long-standing partner of paedophile Jeffrey Epstein said she bonded with the Queen over their shared love of horses, according to The Sun on Sunday. The Queen had a well-known keen interest in horses from an early age. In an extraordinary interview from jail, Ms Maxwell said: “The Queen was one of the most exceptional women I ever had the honour and privilege of meeting.” She said the late monarch had a “sparkle” in her eyes and called their time together one of the greatest honours of her life. Ms Maxwell is currently serving a 20-year jail sentence at Tallahassee Federal Correctional Institution after being convicted in December 2021 on five out of six counts, including one of sex trafficking of a minor. JUST IN: William 'frustrated' as Queen barred him from making wedding choice  She had a decades-long association with Jeffrey Epstein, a prolific sex offender who hanged himself in prison in 2019 while awaiting trial for sex offences. In her remarks from jail, Ms Maxwell confirmed that she visited Buckingham Palace a number of times as Prince Andrew’s guest. She was even invited to a more intimate gathering at Balmoral in 1999 when the Queen was thought to be in residence. In 2021, a picture of Mr Epstein and Ms Maxwell relaxing at the Queen's Balmoral residence was used during her trial in New York.  The photo was found in Mr Epstein's Manhattan mansion, and was taken at the same log cabin where the Queen and her family have also been pictured sitting over the years. In June 2000 the couple were also at Prince Andrew’s 40th birthday party at Windsor Castle, hosted by the monarch herself. The following day, Ms Maxwell and Mr Epstein joined Andrew for a day’s racing at Ascot. Around six months later, Andrew invited the pair to Sandringham for what the Prince memorably called, “a straightforward shooting weekend”. DON'T MISS: The NHS should no longer presume we will give it infinite cash [COMMENT]Plane carrying 72 people crashes in Nepal in horrifying scenes [VIDEO]Heartbreaking video of young girl removing rubble after Russian strike [VIDEO]  Ms Maxwell has described her treatment in jail as “appalling” and previously told The Sun On Sunday: “It’s very far from a cushy country club. You’re locked up the entire time. “If they let you out for an hour there’s no communal area to get together. There’s not a chair for everybody, there’s no way to watch TV.” The full interview with Ghislaine Maxwell is set to be released next week with US Network CBS. The interviewer, Daphne Barak, has previously quizzed Nelson Mandela, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, among others. 