Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has claimed that Marcus Rashford has “taken the mantle” from Cristiano Ronaldo, as the England star scored the winning goal in the Manchester derby on Saturday. Jack Grealish gave the visitors the lead in the second half before a controversial Bruno Fernandes strike equalised, then Rashford tapped home the winning goal four minutes later. Rashford has been in stunning form since returning from the World Cup, especially at Old Trafford, and Scholes enthused over the 25-year-old before kick-off and claimed that he is filling Ronaldo’s boots after the Portugal star’s exit. The 37-year-old had his contract ripped up before the World Cup and has since moved to Al Nassr, while Rashford and co have gone from strength to strength. “His numbers are fantastic,” Scholes told BT Sport. “His physique as well, he almost looks bigger and stronger, he looks more powerful, almost in the Cristiano mould, doing stuff like this [his goal against Wolves], he’s almost taken the mantle of Cristiano Ronaldo, being that match-winner. “Now look, he’s done it for a short period of time, so it’s about [whether] can he go on. The new manager has helped him, he’s got a bit more discipline about him - we saw what happened at Wolves a couple of weeks ago, he can’t do stuff like that, he has got to be on his game. “He’s going out every game thinking he can score a goal and the way he’s going, everyone expects him to score a goal. He has become a match-winner - not Cristiano-like, it’s too early to say that - but I think there’s potential to be that.” Rio Ferdinand, on the panel with Scholes, echoed his sentiments and believes that Rashford’s upturn in form has coincided with his mentality. “He looks like a different beast,” Ferdinand added. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “He looks like he’s growing into his frame and turning into a man. I’ve watched him in a few games recently and he looks like the oldest kid in the playground at times - that’s a testament to being fully fit and also the work going on behind the scenes with him. “He’s got a manager that looks to have a good, strong belief in him. I see him playing, becoming more clinical, and his mindset is one of the big things. He looks more aggressive, more on it and like ‘I am the man. No one else is taking that spotlight, I am that guy now.’ “I think the key point is that he’s done this over eight to ten games, we want to see this over a season and beyond that, but the vein of form he’s in right now, he’s up there with the best of them.”