Denise Fox (played by Diane Parish) and Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) thrilled EastEnders fans when the finally tied the knot on Christmas Day 2021 however, they marriage hasn’t been easy in recent weeks as they cope with Amy Mitchell’s (Ellie Dadd) tragic self-harming battle. Soap boss Chris Clenshaw has teased a Walford resident may take advantage of the cracks in Denise’s relationship. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Chris warned: “Watch out for Jack and Denise, their relationship is going to be tested. “Someone else is going ‘weak at Denise’ but the question is whether she will resist or whether she’ll be tempted?” Spoilers for next week’s episodes confirm Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) will set his sights on Denise. Ricky Jnr Mitchell (Frankie Day) argues with Jack and accuses him of only being interested in Amy while Denise is desperate to keep the spark alive in her marriage. Read more: EastEnders fans think Lily Slater and Stacey Slater stars are related She asks Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) to give her a makeover before heading off to Walford East to book a table for two and impressing Ravi in the process. After sending the kids off to the cinema, Denise suggests to Jack they make the most of the alone time but soon something distracts the policeman. Realising he has a lot of making up to do, Jack offers to take his wife out for the day. Amy invites Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega) to the empty house but is furious when Nugget Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) turns up with a bottle of vodka he’s stolen from Suki Panesar’s (Balvinder Sopal) shop. Ravi’s mortified when Suki and Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) confront him about his son’s theft so he heads over to No.27 to collect Nugget. When he arrives, chaos has ensued causing Ravi to lash out before cleaning up. Jack hits out at everyone, including Denise, when they arrive home as Ravi heads back to the Panesars to pay them back for the vodka. Denise later turns up and thanks him in front of Suki and Nish who are left speechless. DON'T MISSEastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist [INSIGHT]EastEnders fans spot key scene ‘exposing’ father of Lily Slater’s baby [THEORY]EastEnders' Zack Hudson receives life-changing news [SPOILER] Ravi thanks Denise for having his back and the pair bond over the difficulties of parenting. Later, Denzel bunks off school with Amy, pleading with her to get help but when the parents hear what they’ve done, a huge row breaks out. Amy accuses Denise of not caring about her leading to Jack snapping at his wife. A furious Denise storms off to Peggy’s alone to drown her sorrows. Ravi spots Denise drinking alone and offers a shoulder to cry on. After a heart-to-heart, Ravi leans in to kiss Denise as they walk home. Will she put her marriage at risk and reciprocate or go home to make things right with her husband? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Friday at 7.30pm.