A British columnist has rhetorically asked where Meghan Markle has been while her husband's tell-all memoir flew off the shelves this week. Sarah Vine dubbed her noticeable absence as "uncharacteristic" as the sales of Harry's Spare took off. In her column piece for the Mail on Sunday, Ms Vine asks "where was Meghan?" In the Mail on Sunday piece, Ms Vine wrote: "I don't mean in terms of the book - after all, her fingerprints are all over that. I mean physically, where is she?". She added: "We haven't seen hide nor hair of her for days. Which, really, is most uncharacteristic". Speaking of the Duchess, she added: "Normally she never leaves [Prince] Harry's side. "Normally she's practically surgically grafted on to him, hanging off him like an extra appendage." Speaking of the 41-year-old, whom Ms Vine claims is usually rarely seen without a "fixed smile", she added: "It's most unlike Meghan to miss an opportunity to show the world her fabulousness. And after all, what better opportunity than this, the publication to her beloved husband's long-awaited tell-all memoir, all eyes on him".  She added that, you would think, the Duchess would want to "stand firmly by her man as he weathered the inevitable storm of criticism" and be "front and centre of events", adding that it is "not like her to dodge the limelight". Writing about the couple's "tanked" popularity, in particular Prince Harry's, she added the public, in a recently conducted YouGov poll, ranked him "below Prince Andrew". But, despite these poll results, Harry's memoir achieved the title of the fasted selling non-fiction book. While Meghan has not appeared publicly in recent days, a senior industry source says bosses at Penguin Random House have been so stunned by the runaway success of Prince Harry’s book Spare that “the heat is on” to rush Meghan's version of events into print. It came 24 hours after Harry claimed in a new UK interview that he cut many more bombshells from his manuscript, saying his explosive 400-page memoir was originally 800 pages and “could have been two books”.  READ MORE: British lawyer hired as peacemaker between Meghan and sister Samantha amid bitter feud Both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a four-book deal with the publishing giant for a reported advance fee of $20million. But that sum has been dwarfed by a worldwide sales avalanche for Spare, with a record 1.4 million copies bought on its day of release last week. As well as their individual memoirs, Harry and Meghan are said to be working together on a book about “leadership and philanthropy” while she is also working on a “wellness” project. But the source said: “Given Spare’s success, Meghan’s memoir is now the top priority while everything else is put on hold." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry stepped back from their roles as senior royals back in 2020. Their aim, according to a statement released at the time, was for them to become "financially independent". They also had said they wanted to split their time between the UK and North America. At the time, it was reported the announcement was made without consulting the late Queen Elizabeth II. The pair now live in Montecito with their children Archie and Lilibet. 