Last year, the Government confirmed the majority of benefit payment rates would be raised in April. Households are currently dealing with a soaring inflation rate and sky-high energy bills which is particularly affecting low income households. Among the benefits which will receive this rate boost is PIP, a disability benefit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This benefit payment is for those who need financial assistance who are dealing with a long-term health condition or illness. It is designed to help those of working age as pensioners are able to access Attendance Allowance from the DWP which offers similar aid. PIP is split into a daily living component and a mobility component, which are paid at either a higher or lower rate depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition. The daily living part goes towards the living expenses that accumulate from the PIP recipient’s condition, while the mobility component pays for travelling costs. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come The disability payment’s daily living component pays a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate of £92.40. Comparatively, the mobility component is a payment of £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. It is possible for someone to claim both components of PIP from the DWP if they qualify for the support. As it stands, a claimant on the higher weekly rates of both components would get £156.90, which would be £627.60 for the month. Under current Government plans, the DWP benefit payment is set to increase by 10.1 percent come April. This aligns with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022 which is being used as the amount in which other benefit payments will rise by. When this raise is implemented, the daily living components of PIP’s higher and lower rate will rise to £101.75 and £68.10, respectively. In comparison, the mobility component will be £71.05 a week for the higher rate and £26.95 for the lower rate. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing During his Autumn Statement in November 2022, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed that the majority of last year's cost of living payments would be extended into this one. This includes the cost of living payment for those on means-tested benefits who are eligible for a new one-off £900 cost of living payment in April. Notably, people who are disabled and pensioners will receive £150 and £300, respectively. This is the same amount these groups got last year. As a result of this, disabled people who claim PIP will get an additional £150 from the DWP on top of their benefit payment. Craig Wilson, the managing director of Private Sector at Sopra Steria, noted that households have other costs to worry about in April but praised the Government's decision to raise benefits. He explained: “A freeze on the tax threshold, increasing council tax payments and cuts to public spending – Jeremy Hunt’s autumn budget signals tough times ahead for the UK. “Alongside this, inflation and interest rates continue to spiral, so everyone will feel the pinch going into 2023. “While it’s positive that benefits and pensions are set to increase in line with inflation, rising energy bills will be difficult to avoid, especially as temperatures are expected to become less mild than of late.”