Astrologer Amy Demure shared what each star sign will go through in January 2023 on her TikTok account @amydemure. The video, with over 2.5M views, promised life in luck and money for four of the signs. Amy said: "Here's a breakdown of what every sign can expect in January of 2023." The astrologer, who is a statistics graduate, has a whopping 931.3K followers on TikTok and has amassed 38.9M "likes" for her horoscopes and birth chart readings. The star sign expert said: "The mutable signs Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, and Pisces placements have been in an aggressive and frustrated state for over six months because they're highly affected by Mars Retrograde in January. "They're also affected by Mercury retrograde at the same time, so they're going to be extremely unhinged and frustrated. But, once the Retrogrades are over from January 19 and onwards, these signs are going to have a huge amount of relief. Things are finally going to start going their way and they'll feel a lot better." She went on: "The cardinal signs, so Aries, Cancer, Capricorn, and Libra placements are highly affected by Mercury Retrograde in January. They are going to be experiencing frustrating events in January, which is going to lead to them being unhinged and aggressive, as well. "You may be more prone to mishaps and conflict so if you have one of these signs, try not to get drawn into the drama and be careful, but don't worry the signs will be feeling a lot better once Mercury Retrograde ends on January 19." Lastly, Amy said: "The fixed signs, so Aquarius, Leo, Taurus, and Scorpio placements, are the luckiest signs to start off the year in January after having a shitshow of a year in 2022. "The signs suffered all throughout 2022 and they finally catch a break in January. Life is going to be a lot easier for the fixed signs in January and even though they're also affected by Mercury Retrograde they're not nearly as affected as the other signs and they get to have the best luck and love and money." These three categories are otherwise known as "modalities" and they are an inherent part of your star sign. Cardinal signs Cardinal signs are the first in each season, meaning that those with these signs are often leaders. They are thought to have ambition and enthusiasm but can lack follow-through with their ideas. These signs are Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn. Fixed signs These signs come after the cardinal signs, and so are in the middle of each season. Those with these signs are therefore supposed to be the embodiment of their sign. They have stamina and endurance, as well as patience and work ethic. On the other hand these signs, Taurus, Leo, Scorpio, and Aquarius, can be stubborn and do not like change. Mutable zodiac signs These are Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, and Pisces, and they all come at the end of a season. These signs are thought to be inherently more flexible than the other signs, and better at handling change. They are explorers and are often multi-talented, however, they may lack focus, according to astrologers.