King Felipe of Spain resumed royal duties after the festive period by making a quick visit to Brazil for the inauguration of President Lula da Silva on Sunday. The monarch was accompanied by by his Minister of Foreign Affairs during the visit.  After landing at Brasilia Air Base, the King was met by Brazilian officials before traveling to meet workers at the Spanish Embassy. Following his meeting at the embassy the King met President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal for lunch. He then left for the National Congress for the official ceremony to mark the transition of power from President Bolsonaro to President da Silva. According to Brazilian political tradition, a new President takes power on January 1 following an election after a four year term.  The ceremony began with a poignant moment of silence for Brazilian football legend Pele who died on December 29 due to colon cancer complications. Former Pope Benedict XVI who died on December 31 was also remembered. After the ceremony, the monarch joined the other guests for a reception at Planalto Palace. The King also met President Umaro Sissoco of Guinea-Bissau.  READ MORE: Harry 'wants family not institution' and says royals won't reconcile On Monday, King Felipe completed his short trip to Brazil following a meeting with President da Silva. It was the King's first official visit to Brazil since he ascended to the throne in 2014. However, the monarch had previously attended Brazilian Presidential inaugurations when he was the Prince of Asturias. In 1995, he attended the inauguration of Fernando Henrique Cardoso who had comfortably defeated Lula Da Silvia in a landslide victory.  DON'T MISS: Queen was 'distinctly disgruntled' after 'disastrous' New Year's Eve [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry 'epitome of narcissistic generation' - commentator [INSIGHT] Harry warned not to cross King Charles's 'red line' over Camilla [SPOTLIGHT] He returned in 2003 to attend Mr Da Silvia's first inauguration during his initial spell as Brazilian President after his own landslide victory. On Friday, the Spanish Royal family will resume duties following the festive break for the annual Pascua Militar ceremony. This is one of the most solemn military events on the calendar and marks the start of the new year. 