However, within moments of teeing up the segment, Richard called Sam, who goes by they/them pronouns, “him”. Co-host Susanna Reid interjected to remind her ITV colleague of the singer’s preferred pronouns, which prompted Richard to apologise. However, as the debate between his guests ensued, he found himself tripping over his words once more. Commentator Shivani Dave and former GB News star Alex Phillips were the two GMB guests debating whether the singer’s latest video was empowering or offensive. Shivani defended Sam’s video, in which they’re seen dressed provocatively and dancing in suggestive manners, while Alex was fiercely against the clip. Alex suggested the provocative music video was a “symptom” of a society that normalised over-sexualisation. Richard’s first in a series of mishaps came as he read aloud the contents of the music video which couldn’t be shown on air. READ MORE: Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' “So for the purposes of this debate, let’s just carefully read out some of the stuff we didn’t show you,” he began. “Men filmed from behind gyrating while wearing leather trousers with the bottom cut out in a heart shape, a shot of him, Sam, spanking -“ Richard continued. “Them,” Susanna interjected but Richard continued: “And simulating a very specific act with a scantily-clad drag queen.” But Susanna was keen for Richard to be made aware of his slip-up, commenting: “Remember Sam Smith uses the pronouns ‘they’.” “‘They’, yes, sorry,” Richard added but Susanna’s words clearly didn’t last long in the GMB host’s memory. Later in the debate, Shivani suggested people who were offended just “don’t watch” the video. “Do you think she’s got a point,” Richard said while pointing to Shivani who promptly corrected him: “They. I use they/them pronouns.” Richard failed to stop his train of thought, however, until Susanna cut in. DON'T MISS:GMB fans slam 'pathetic' prison food debate 'trying to divide country'GMB star Noel Phillips speaks out as attacker avoids prison timePaul Burrell breaks silence on cancer diagnosis amid heartbreak “Shivani identifies - uses ‘they/them’ pronouns,” Susanna added which resulted in Richard turning to his guest and saying: “I am so sorry. “I will learn to do that,” Richard added before asking Alex if “there was a point there” to what Shivani was claiming. Shivani smiled at Richard’s response but it’s safe to say a number of viewers at home weren’t impressed with his repeated mistakes. On Twitter, @Annewittycomb said: “#GMB GO ON @susannareid100 reminding Richard Madeley about Sam's pronouns! And good on Richard Madeley correcting them.” While Lindsay Gibbons hit out: “@GMB shocking you have that man on TV and he can't even get pronouns correct, offensive, he's supposed to be a professional reporter irrespective of his personal views. You really need that man off GMB. Thanks susannareid100 for constantly correcting him.” Elsewhere, @YouLotNeedWater echoed: “People on #gmb talking about using pronouns for non binary people: ‘It's difficult remembering how to address people’, ‘Well it is quite new’...it's only 2 words and that effort you make will make that non-binary person feel so respected and humanised.” And @tshawbird raged: “Bl**dy hell @GMB, is it really so difficult to get people's pronouns right????” Meanwhile, @bizzlesdrm praised Sussana for pulling Richard up on his error: “Susanna correcting pronouns on gmb, I love her and also having non-binary representation on the show makes me happy.” (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.