Antonio Conte has risked the wrath of the Tottenham board after suggesting that is a "bad habit" in the Premier League for managers to be put in front of the press. The outspoken Italian dropped a huge hint that he believes it is unfair that his superiors do not face criticism for their work behind the scenes and demanded better communication with club chiefs. The former Chelsea and Inter Milan coach is under mounting pressure at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium after successive home defeats to Arsenal and Aston Villa by a 2-0 scoreline. Those results have left Spurs in fifth place and five points behind Manchester United and Newcastle in the race for the top four. Fans are becoming increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress being made under Conte despite spending over £110m this summer, with the team's style of football uninspiring and dubbed 'boring' by pundits. Conte has cut a irritated figure in front of the press of late, complaining about the constant distractions regarding his future and the club's apparent unwillingness to back him in the transfer market. READ MORE: Tottenham players make Conte look silly vs Arsenal as Neville baffled  And his latest comments appear to suggest the 55-year-old is edging closer to the exit after taking an indirect swipe at Spurs' senior management. Speaking about the bad habits in the Premier League which see only managers speak in front of the cameras, he said: "I have never seen the club [chairman Daniel Levy] or sporting director [Fabio Paratici] come here to explain the strategy and vision of club. In Italy, in every game there is a person from the club who has to go before the media. "I think for us it could be really really better, otherwise there is only one face to explain the situation that I think is better for the club to explain. It's habit and I respect this habit. In Italy it's different. "Otherwise it means that only if the coach talks there can be misunderstanding. I think it could be good for the club to be present in the media. Not every week, but at least every 15 days or once a month. I think it could be more simple for you to understand and not always the same. Otherwise it can seem if something is a criticism or negative and it's not the case." DON'T MISS Tottenham set for Porro transfer meeting and 'plan to make swap deal'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte takes swipe at Arsenal's FA chargeTottenham boss Antonio Conte 'sets trophy condition' for exit  It comes as reports surface that Conte could be axed after just 15 months in charge, with ex-Chelsea coach and Champions League winner Thomas Tuchel one of the names believed to be in the frame if Conte were to leave. His contract is due to expire in June after signing an initial 18-month deal when he succeeded Nuno Espirito Santo in November 2021. Conte has shown some reluctance to commit his future to the club without guarantees of significant investment in the transfer market, even though the club have spent near to £200m since he took over. Spurs have brought in players such as Rodrigo Bentancur, Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison, Yves Bissouma and Cristian Romero for large fees since Conte's arrival. But with little progress being made on the pitch, his calls for reinforcements have fallen on deaf ears with Spurs yet to make a January signing. It is believed a deal is being pursued for Sporting Lisbon right-back Pedro Porro under Conte's instructions, despite the club already having three recognisable right-backs in the squad and available for selection in Matt Doherty, Djed Spence and Emerson Royal. And his latest comments, which could trigger the board into deciding his future, are unlikely to keep them on his side after seemingly throwing the likes of Levy and Paratici under the bus. 