Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola admitted his side were ill-equipped before being stunned by Premier League strugglers Southampton in the Carabao Cup. First-half goals by Sekou Mara and Moussa Djenepo saw off the perennial League Cup champions at St Mary’s. So bad were City in the opening 45 minutes that Guardiola made a trio of half-time substitutions, including bringing on Kevin De Bruyne, who he planned to rest for the game. Erling Haaland was also introduced just after the hour. But the reigning top-flight winners failed to carve a second-half comeback and were beaten in the quarter-finals of the competition for the first time in Guardiola’s seven-year reign. The Spaniard was disappointed with his team’s performance, which failed to produce a shot on target. "The better team won. We didn't play good, we didn't play well in the beginning. There are many games you can start not good and overcome and we didn't do it,” Guardiola told the BBC. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's body language at Al-Nassr training says everything "When you are not prepared to play this game you arrive one inch late and don't score a goal. When you are prepared you score the goal. "Today was a bad night, the opponent was better so we have to congratulate them. To win games you have to deserve it and tonight we didn't deserve it." Meanwhile, Southampton captain James Ward-Prowse hailed a ‘special night’ for the Saints. Nathan Jones’ side have endured a tough campaign and are bottom of the Premier League having won just three of their 16 matches. Jones earned his first triumph since his November appointment in Saturday’s FA Cup clash against Crystal Palace. The former Luton boss now has a victory over Guardiola. DON'T MISS...Jose Mourinho could take new role to leave Pep Guardiola jealousPep Guardiola set to issue Gareth Bale golf invite after retirementChelsea owner Boehly would break a record with Potter sacking  Ward-Prowse said: "A special night. These games are special to play in especially when you're struggling in the league. We knew this was a distraction from the league and a great showcase. We showed no fear. "It's always tough when you're in the position we are. The manager has been excellent and has given us fresh ideas and new energy. He wanted us to be bold and aggressive. "We have been guilty in the past of having a result at half-time and dropping off. We showed a different part of our game. We thoroughly deserved the win." Asked if Southampton can take the performances into the league, Ward-Prowse added: "That’s the challenge now. To put in a performance like that means nothing if we don’t get anything from Everton."