Arsenal may have started looking at alternative transfer options for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, with uncertainty over a January move looming. Chelsea are reportedly ready to hijack their London rivals' interest, which could prompt Mikel Arteta to turn his focus elsewhere. Mudryk is Arsenal's January transfer priority as Arteta looks to bolster his attacking ranks amid the club's Premier League title challenge. However, there remains a £26million difference in valuation after the Ukrainian club rejected Arsenal's second bid worth £62m in the hope of a suitor meeting their £88m demands. And Chelsea have told Shakhtar that they are willing to blast the Gunners out of the water as they look to back Graham Potter in his first transfer window as head coach. Staring the prospect of losing his primary target to Chelsea in the face, Arteta could soon turn to alternative options. According to La Repubblica, Napoli winger Hirving Lozano is among them, and Arsenal aren't the only Premier League club eyeing his availability. JUST IN: Arsenal learn chances of Torres deal as Chelsea threaten Mudryk hijack The report claims Arsenal and Newcastle United are 'courting' the 27-year-old, who was a key player for Mexico at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Napoli's attempts to renew Lozano's contract aren't going as planned, which could lead to his departure at the end of the season. He is said to have previously expressed his desire to play in the Premier League, so a switch to England could attract his attention after entering the final 18 months of his Napoli deal. Lozano also has Bundesliga outfits vying for his signature, so Arsenal could make a move this month to fend off rival interest. Arteta sent an indirect message to Arsenal technical director Edu after Tuesday's 0-0 draw against Newcastle at the Emirates Stadium as the race to sign Mudryk heats up. READ MORE: Arsenal target Mudryk likes post pushing for transfer - '#FreeMudryk' The Spanish coach claims he 'doesn't have too many' attacking options, with Gabriel Jesus currently sidelined after undergoing surgery on a knee injury sustained at the World Cup. He said: "We had what we had [against Newcastle]. We have some injuries as well, and in attacking areas, we don't have that many options, but it is what it is. "That's something we always try to do to improve our team, and every window is important." Arteta will want all the firepower he can get as he looks to dethrone his teacher, Pep Guardiola, and Manchester City as English champions. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here