  I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Scarlette Douglas, 35, revealed that she plans to go to her former fellow campmate Chris Moyles' birthday party - despite previous reports that she had been “ghosted” by other cast members. The former A Place in the Sun presenter clarified that they were all still on good terms as she spoke to press on the red carpet of Cirque Du Soleil’s newest European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.     Scarlette appeared in the jungle last year for the 22nd series of I’m A Celeb, finishing in 10th place. Included in the lineup were stars like Chris, Boy George, Charlene White and winner Jill Scott. Asked if she was still in touch with her co-stars from the show, she confirmed: “Yes, we’ve got our own Whatsapp group, we’re all chatting. “Chris Moyles has got his birthday soon, so we’re all going to have a bit of a birthday party, which will be really nice.”     Her comments come after previous reports that Scarlette had been “ghosted” by her teammates, including Chris. During the interview, Scarlette went on to speak about the warm public reception she receives after exiting I’m A Celeb. “Obviously when I came out third I was gutted,” she admitted, “But when I came out it was everyone’s support towards me that I loved. “People said, ‘You shouldn’t have been out so early, we thought you were amazing.’ And that really touched my heart.”      Scarlette left her job on Channel 4’s A Place in the Sun after seven years last August, admitting the change had left her “feeling emotional” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk at the time. Since her time in the jungle, she has stood in for Richard Arnold as Good Morning Britain’s Entertainment presenter and made regular appearances on the ITV programme. “I’ve been very lucky that I’ve come out and I’m still doing so much,” she reflected on the red carpet. “They always say in Showbiz, ‘Leave people wanting more.’ And I think that’s what I did.” READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS]      While Matt Hancock’s role on I’m A Celeb has been a real source of controversy, Scarlette wasn’t keen to put any drama to do with the former Health Secretary to bed. Instead, she wanted to highlight the achievements of her friend and jungle queen Jill, who is a former professional footballer. “I want to talk about Jill. She won it, she was amazing and she deserved to win it. I just want to focus on Jill because she should get the accolades she deserves.” Scarlette also spoke to Express.co.uk back in August on the same day she left A Place on the Sun.      “Today’s my last ever episode of A Place In The Sun and I’ve been quite emotional about it, actually,” the presenter reflected at the time. She went on to predict how she would respond to seeing her final episode later that day, admitting: “I probably will be a crying mess. I get emotionally attached to things. “I probably will be crying my eyes out like: ‘It's the last one!’ I'll say that, and then tomorrow there'll be a repeat on… But I think, because it's the last new one, that's what makes it so special.” Cirque Du Soleil made its return to London with KURIOS last Wednesday, inviting a number of high profile celebs to its European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.   