Ex-Chelsea star Glenn Johnson believes that Harry Kane should be open to joining his former side this summer, with fears growing that the Tottenham star could retire without any major trophies to his name. Interest in the England international is growing in the Premier League and elsewhere, with his contract at Spurs expiring in 2024. Kane has enjoyed an impressive start to the season that has somewhat slipped under the radar due to the magical form of Manchester City star Erling Haaland. The striker has scored 15 in 19 league appearances for Antonio Conte’s side and is on target to match his best-ever goal-scoring record (30). However, with Spurs falling away from the top four, fears are growing that the club could lose several key assets as part of a much-needed rebuild. One of which is Kane, who is yet to pen a contract extension with Tottenham and will be in the final 12 months of his deal at the end of the season. Manchester United are reportedly keen on the 29-year-old, though Johnson believes that former club Chelsea should be leading the race for his signature due to their title prospects and current whereabouts. He told Betfair: “I think pretty much any team would benefit from signing him. Who needs him most right now? Probably Chelsea. “Making a move from Tottenham to Chelsea is a big call but I can’t really see him ending up there if I’m being honest. Let’s face it, if he stays at Tottenham then he’s not winning anything and it would be a shame for a player of his ability to have a career where he doesn’t win anything. “He’s a legend at Tottenham, so would he want to ruin his status by moving to another team in London? I’m not sure. It would probably be easier for him to move to a club outside of London.” With Chelsea spending significant amounts on their rebuild under Graham Potter, there is every chance that the Stamford Bridge outfit create a ‘super team’ at Stamford Bridge to rival the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. In contrast, United are running tighter budgets until their takeover is complete, but recruiting more efficiently. Additionally, Johnson hints that remaining in London could be a factor for Kane. Though if the forward opts not to tarnish his reputation at Spurs by jumping ship to a Premier League rival, long-term admirers Bayern Munich could be a welcomed opportunity.