A family have been left devastated after a little girl was given months to live following cancer return. Lily Harley, three, was first diagnosed with the diease following a change in her behaviour in December 2021. After an MRI, doctors discovered she had a rare form of cancer, Ependymomas, which grows on the brain and spinal cord, but is hardly ever seen in children.  Having undergone 20 hours worth of surgery, Lily's cancer was removed and she was asked to take part in a clinical trial in Germany. After six weeks in the city of Essen, Lily had undergone 32 different treatments and it appeared as though the cancer had gone all together. However, last week, she underwent another MRI scan which revealed her cancer had returned.  Tragically, it had spread to the base of her spine, her chest and parts of her brain fluid. Young parents Josh Harley, 27, and Emily Morton, 26, were given the devastating news that Lily's diagnosis was terminal. The pair have set up a fundraiser to do as much as they possibly can with Lily so she can enjoy what time she has left. Dad Josh told GrimsbyLive: "During Christmas 2021, we were with my family and they noticed that Lily was acting differently. Her head was tilted and she was walking strangely. At the time, we thought she'd just slept on her neck funny, but we soon saw that something wasn't quite right." After taking her to Grimsby hospital, the Louth parents were told it was nothing to worry about and that she had most likely sprained something in her neck. However, things didn't improve and the family soon found themselves back at the hospital. "Lily went for a CT scan which didn't pick anything up straight away, but we were told something wasn't right and so she would have to have an MRI." Josh added: "It was then that we found she had a tumour at the bottom of her skull just above her spinal cord." Following the discovery, the family were sent straight to Sheffield Children's Hospital where Lily had two 10 hour operations to remove the tumour. Having beaten the cancer, Lily was asked to be part of a clinical trial to research how best to treat this type of cancer in young children. READ MORE: Chris Packham accuses BBC host of “mocking” his autism  Josh and Emily were told Lily would need to travel to either California in America or Essen in Germany for the experimental treatment and spent six weeks in the European city. During this time, Lily had 32 sessions of treatment and the family came home in April 2022. "Chemo is awful for anyone, especially a three-year-old little girl, but she coped really well." In September of that year, Lily went for a routine check up to see how the treatment was working, which showed she was all clear. However, last week, Lily went for the same check up, only to be told something completely different. Tragically, the MRI had picked up a number of new tumours at the base of her back, on her chest and in parts of her brain fluid. This time round, sadly the cancer can't be treated and Lily has tragically been given just months to live. Josh said: "When they told us, Emily and I were devastated. Me being a bloke, it sort of went in one ear and out the other, I was trying to listen to what we were being told. The hardest part of it all has been telling our family though. When you get the news you try to digest it and you can cope with that, but telling everyone was horrible, especially as we thought the MRI would come back clear."  DON'T MISS:Harry shows 'clear' signs of 'happiness' speaking about life in the US [INSIGHT]Taliban order fresh round of floggings as nine men lashed in public [PICTURES]Prince William makes surprise visit to charity without Kate [COMMENT] Thinking about life without Lily, Josh said: "It overcomes me sometimes. I've spoken to Emily about how we're going to cope and we've already decided we'll need to move as there will be too many bad memories in here. "We both said that when she goes there is just no chance we can stay here. We've got no other kids which makes the whole thing even more heart breaking. It will take time to get used to not having her here, especially when I come home from work and she isn't there waiting for me." In wake of the tragic news, the family have set up a GoFundMe page to try and make what time Emily has left even more special. "Originally, we were just doing it to try get her to Disneyland, but the generosity of people has just been amazing." Now sitting at over £36,000 raised, Josh and Emily are at a loss for words.  He added: "We're hoping to do so much more with the money people have donated, including pay for her funeral, as much as I don't want to think about that right now. Someone has also kindly offered to take her for a flight in their helicopter over wherever she wants to go. "I'm hoping, as well as giving her the best send off we can, this goes some way to raising awareness about Lily's cancer and shows how dangerous it is." To donate to Lily's GoFundMe, click here. 