Prince Andrew returned his military titles and royal patronages to the Queen in 2022 and stopped using the style of "His Royal Highness" in an official capacity. However, it appears that the Duke of York wants his HRH titles returned, and may use them "again in a low-key way to test the waters – should he get the King's consent", a royal expert has claimed. In a column for the Daily Mail, Ephraim Hardcastle wrote: "[Andrew] is said to be perplexed as to why he cannot again use the HRH title especially as he maintains that he has done nothing wrong. "His trump card with mother was invariably: 'Innocent until proven guilty.'". He added: "A source says Charles is resisting stirring up trouble by formally announcing any change in Andrew's status. 'It is more likely,' whispers my mole, 'that he will just start using it again in a low-key way to test the waters – should he get the King's consent.'" He added that the late Queen had previously ordered Andrew "not to use" the titles after he was stripped of his remaining royal patronages in 2022. READ MORE: William should make a statement in a 'regal manner' to 'humiliate the Sussexes' Mr Hardcastle added, that despite this, Andrew acknowledges that "he won't return to royal duties or be restored to any patronages". However, Andrew remains a "Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order". In early 2022, Andrew agreed to settle the civil suit filed by accuser Virginia Giuffre regarding allegations of sexual assault. At the time, the settlement amount was not disclosed and is not an admission of guilt. Now, it has been reported that the late Queen's second son is keen for his "Prince of the Blood" recognition to be returned in order to attend official events with members of the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Piers Morgan accuses Harry and Meghan of playing 'victims' [REPORT]Kate and William lost opportunity to counter Harry's narrative–expert [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton says Clarkson made a mistake but shouldn’t have apologised [REVEAL] A source told the Telegraph: "Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected." It is traditionally known that all the children of a monarch are entitled to HRH status. In June 2022, around the time of the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, it was reported that the now-King and Prince William had lobbied the Queen to prevent Prince Andrew being given a public role in the Order of the Garter service, which took place in Windsor. The two were concerned about a public backlash.