British entrepreneur Richard Branson had a bizarre encounter with Twitter CEO Elon Musk when the latter was found in the billionaire's kitchen in the middle of the night before Mr Branson's first space flight. Speaking to The Sunday Times magazine, Mr Branson said the Twitter and Tesla owner was completely barefoot, holding his fast-asleep baby X Æ A-12, and had apparently come to wish him well ahead of his Virgin Galactic mission to take the first passengers into space.  He said he went downstairs to get a cup a coffee and found that "Elon had decided to surprise us". Mr Branson told The Sunday Times magazine: "He was there with his baby. Basically, he's a night animal. "He doesn't really sleep at night and gets his sleep in the daytime.   “We made a pot of tea and sat outside under the stars and caught up. I think it was about 2.30am. "I woke up two hours earlier than I was meant to and jumped out of bed, and then actually realised I'd got the wrong time, but by then I was wide awake." Apparently, a member of Mr Branson's family had let him in. READ MORE: Idaho suspect believed to have posted 'creepy' details of case online  Mr Musk later joined Mr Branson at the nearby New Mexico spaceport before the British entrepreneur blasted into the edge of space with his Virgin Galactic space tourism flight, beating Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin flight by nine days. According to The Sunday Times Magazine, Mr Branson had first met Mr Musk at the wedding of Larry Page, the billionaire co-founder of Google and a mutual friend. The ceremony was held on Necker Island, Mr Branson's Caribbean home. Further talking about Mr Musk, he said: “Elon is tremendously smart and even more driven. DON'T MISS:NFL star Damar Hamlin thanks fans for supporting him  [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry ‘written out’ of King Charles’ coronation [REVEAL]A stranger gave a boy with autism a $15,000 piano  [INSIGHT] “I admire his talent and his willingness to take calculated risks. “He has been inches from failure on many, many occasions and kept pushing. “He’s the Henry Ford of his generation.” 