Meghan’s relationship with Kate got off to a terrible start owing to a bitter feud over fashion, reports have claimed. A commentator has claimed that the pair grew frustrated with each other when the Duchess of Sussex had to wait longer than the Princess of Wales for new outfits from her favourite designer. While Meghan adored clothes from British designer Erdem Moralıoğlu, it has been claimed that her future sister-in-law - who was an existing customer - was given first dibs. Royal commentator Camilla Tominey claimed this did not go down well with Meghan - who, she says, protested that Kate "wasn’t even Queen".  She said: "To my understanding, you can't ever wear the same colour as Her Majesty if there's a group event. But then you also should never be wearing the same colour as one of the other more senior members of the family." Ms Tominey, writing for the Telegraph, also claimed Meghan insisted on calling the Princess of Wales "Kate", despite the fact that the rest of the family referred to her as "Catherine". Harry has further laid on evidence of their fraught relationship throughout TV interviews and his book, Spare. He accused Kate of "stereotyping" Meghan - a comment which editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine and royal biographer Ingrid Seward believed would leave Kate "upset and angry". However, even before the fashion row began to threaten their relationship, some of the pair’s first meetings showed signs of tension to come. It even began from their very first in-person interaction, with Meghan saying in the couple’s Netflix documentary that she was "barefoot" and wearing ripped jeans when she first met Kate, and made her uncomfortable by hugging her. She said: "Even when Will and Kate came over and I was meeting her for the first time I remember I was in ripped jeans, I was barefoot. Like I was a hugger, I have always been a hugger I didn't realise that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. I started to understand that the formality on the outside carried through on the inside, that there is a forward facing way of being and then you close the door and think ‘OK we can relax now’. READ MORE: Harry should have 'nice gesture' with royals like 'coffee invite' [REVEAL] "But that formality carries over on both sides and that was surprising to me." Harry also pointed to the awkwardness of this first interaction in his book, although remarked that the pair appeared to clash on fashion. He wrote there was only one "possibly discordant note" which was the "marked difference in how the two women dressed." He said while Meghan was "barefoot" and wearing "ripped jeans", Kate was "done up to the nines". Both Kate and Meghan noticed their dissimilarities in their level of formality, according to the Prince. Another tense moment emerged prior to the Sussexes’ marriage when Prince William and Kate came round to the couple for dinner, the Duke wrote in his memoir Spare. William - or "Willy", as Harry used to refer to him - was unwell during the occasion, to which Meghan responded by "running upstairs" to get some "homeopathic cure-alls", including oregano oil and turmeric. DON'T MISS: William and Charles yet to speak to Harry since memoir release [REVEAL]Prince Harry risks losing beloved role as book claims backfire [INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] Harry claimed that this offer led to a tense moment at the dinner table, writing: "He seemed charmed, moved, though Kate announced to the table that he’d never take such unconventional remedies." The Duke also claimed his sister-in-law was "on edge" after realising she was "now going to be compared to, and forced to compete with, Meghan". This remark came regarding the Royal Foundation Forum in 2018, which would be the first, and only, royal engagement between the Dukes and Duchesses of Cambridge and Sussex - although at the time it was billed as an annual occasion. Harry explained that after the event, there was "controversy" over Meghan showing support for the #MeToo movement, while Kate did not. He detailed: "It wasn’t real. But I think it had Kate on edge."