Chelsea and Manchester United are reportedly battling it out to sign Fiorentina star Sofyan Amrabat. The midfielder is hoping to secure a move in what remains of the transfer window, and several clubs are keen to acquire his services. Amrabat propelled himself into the thoughts of numerous top clubs over the winter with exceptional performances for Morocco at the Qatar World Cup. The midfielder was influential in their fourth-placed finish and the nation is unlikely to have enjoyed such international success without him in the team. Despite the interest, Fiorentina have insisted throughout January that the 26-year-old was not for sale barring a significant offer. Though that has not deterred United and Chelsea, who are frantically searching for players to plug holes in their squads for the remainder of the season. According to El Chiringuito journalist Edu Aguirre, the Premier League rivals are the only two clubs in contention to secure Amrabat’s signature. The playmaker has attracted interest from Spanish sides, though they are not truly in the running. Atletico Madrid were admirers of Amrabat but have ‘left the equation’, with Barcelona also showing a firm interest. However, they were keen to sign the former Club Brugge star but on a loan-to-buy basis, though Fiorentina were not fond of the arrangement as the buyout option was optional rather than mandatory. United are in the market for midfield reinforcements due to a recent injury sustained by Christian Eriksen that has seen him ruled out for months. Erik ten Hag was vocal about how it would be tricky to sign a player that is like-for-like, and that other options will be explored – with it quickly emerging that Marcel Sabitzer was identified as a target and is now set to sign for the club from Bayern Munich, with Chelsea also showing interest in the Austria international. The Blues are desperate to bolster their ranks in the centre of the park too in what remains of the window, with N’Golo Kante out of contract at the end of the season and Jorginho joining Arsenal in a deal worth £10million with £2m in add-ons. The Blues are closing in on Benfica star Enzo Fernandez and have tabled a £115m bid for his services, with the player desperate to make the move to Stamford Bridge. Though Graham Potter headed into January keen to sign midfielders and therefore the arrival of Fernandez will not hinder his side’s chances of signing Amrabat, if they decide to act upon their interest. Signing the Fiorentina star would also allow the Blues to cash in on some of Conor Gallagher and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, who are attracting plenty of interest.