A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin is terminally ill after his lung cancer spread to his brain, and was originally given just months to live. Scarlette Douglas, who was in the I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! jungle when the news broke about the severity of his condition, then received fierce criticism over her failure to publicly reach out to him when she got out. Scarlette, who worked with him on the exotic property show, has now revealed she had contacted him privately instead. "I remember getting a lot of stick from people on social media," she admitted. However, she'd decided that sending a public shout-out would lack sincerity. "I'm not going to do that publicly because it's a private matter. I'm gonna message him directly," she reasoned. READ NOW: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman "Doing it for everyone else to see, there's no sincerity to that. That doesn't make any sense for me." She added: "The A Place In The Sun family were told in 2020 that Jonnie was ill but we didn't know the extent of it. It wasn't until I actually came out of the jungle [that I found out it was incurable]." She insisted that contacting Jonnie to offer her condolences was the first thing she did upon leaving the Australian jungle. "[I told him] I'm here [and] thinking of him and I hope he can make as many beautiful memories with his family as possible," she continued in an interview with the Mirror. However, trolls chose to believe that she hadn't been in touch and accused her of not caring about her former colleague. Scarlette insists that she sent a private message to his mobile, while others had been more public in their shows of support. Another of his A Place in the Sun colleagues, Jasmine Harman, chose to give him her own shout-out via Instagram. "Just wanted to say a very sincere and heartfelt thank you to all those who have posted messages of support to me and even those who have come up to me in person to wish Jonnie well," she wrote last November. DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [LATEST] Prue Leith says she 'totally understands' Matt Lucas' Bake Off exit [INTERVIEW] Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news [LOVE ISLAND] "It’s amazing to know how loved he is and how many people have been touched by his story. "I want to say that I prefer to support Jonnie privately as a friend, so you won’t see lots of posts about him here as I feel that it is up to him to decide what and how much he posts about his life." She added: "I am thinking of him all the time, and I’m so proud to call him a friend."  The official A Place in the Sun account also responded to the cancer-stricken presenter's Instagram message breaking the news, explaining: "We don’t have the words, we just have love, affection and respect for our friend and colleague of so many years, the wonderful Jonnie Irwin. We’re thinking of you, Jess and the boys x." Meanwhile, Jonnie has remained active on social media throughout his health struggle. He explained that he has vowed to spend as much quality time with his wife Jessica and their three sons - Rex, three, and two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac. Yesterday he posted from Windermere in the Lake District where he's been recuperating with a much-needed dose of fresh air in the idyllic countryside.