Embattled Rishi Sunak today insisted he acted "pretty decisively" by sacking Nadhim Zahawi over the tax row. The Prime Minister is facing intense pressure with critics arguing he should have acted sooner, while the ousted Tory chairman's allies are fuming that he was not allowed to make his case. Launching his fightback this morning, Mr Sunak said he followed the "right process" by waiting for the outcome of an ethics inquiry which concluded that Mr Zahawi breached ministerial code. The PM stressed "integrity is important to me" and promised to take "whatever steps are necessary to restore the integrity back into politics". After a fortnight of mounting pressure, Mr Sunak ousted the Conservative Party chair yesterday after ministerial interests adviser Sir Laurie Magnus delivered a damning verdict. Speaking during a visit to County Durham today, he said: "On the basis of those facts I was able to make a very quick decision that it was no longer appropriate for Nadhim Zahawi to continue in Government. "It relates to things that happened well before I was Prime Minister, so unfortunately I can't change what happened in the past. "What I did, as soon as I knew about the situation, was appoint someone independent, looked at it, got the advice and then acted pretty decisively." Have your say right now - join the Express reader debate in our comments section HERE. Mr Zahawi settled his £4.8 million tax dispute with HMRC which included a penalty while he was chancellor under Boris Johnson. No 10 insists Mr Sunak was not aware of any "outstanding issues" when he appointed him party chairman after becoming PM in October. The Prime Minister's comments come as allies of Mr Zahawi have claimed he was sacked without being given a fair hearing. The Telegraph cited claims Mr Zahawi was only given a 30-minute meeting with the independent adviser to defend himself. His allies also said a number of key facts in his favour were not included by the ethics adviser. Meanwhile, The Times reports that a furious Mr Zahawi is weighing up whether to publish a formal response to the findings. But health minister Helen Whately today defended Mr Sunak over his decision to sack Mr Zahawi, having initially resisted calls to sack him as the probe was carried out. Ms Whately told Times Radio: "What the Prime Minister put in place was his independent ethics adviser, Sir Laurie Magnus, to look into the facts of the case. "So he was under pressure to go straight to it and people were saying he should have moved faster but actually he followed a fair process. "Sir Laurie Magnus looked into it, he set out in his letter very clearly what did or didn't happen and that was the basis on which the Prime Minister removed Nadhim Zahawi from office." Asked whether she thought Mr Zahawi "got a fair hearing", Ms Whately said: "I would say so, yes." The Stratford-on-Avon MP's sacking comes as the PM, who came to office promising "integrity", is under pressure on multiple fronts as he battles to unite a divided party which is floundering behind Labour in the polls. Mr Sunak also still faces questions about his own knowledge of Mr Zahawi's tax affairs. Both Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner and party chairwoman Anneliese Dodds have written to the Prime Minister to ask him what he knew about the HMRC investigation. Meanwhile, deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab remains under investigation by senior lawyer Adam Tolley KC over bullying complaints. He has denied all allegations.  Former Conservative chancellor George Osborne last night warned that Mr Sunak needed to "do something pretty quickly" to rescue his premiership from the kinds of scandals that dogged his predecessor Boris Johnson. He told The Andrew Neil Show on Channel 4: "And at the moment, he is being pulled down by a series of scandals which do not directly involve him, are kind of hangovers, if you like, of the Johnson era." Sir Laurie's four-page report, dated January 29, said the technical details of the HMRC investigation were outside his scope. Instead, he considered Mr Zahawi's "handling of the matter in light of his responsibilities as a minister". In that regard, he found that the Tory chairman had shown "insufficient regard for the general principles of the Ministerial Code and the requirements in particular, under the seven Principles of Public Life, to be honest, open and an exemplary leader through his own behaviour". Among the findings, he notes "omissions" from Mr Zahawi that amount to a "serious failure" to meet the standards of the Ministerial Code. The Stratford-on-Avon MP did not comment explicitly on the row in his letter to the Prime Minister following his sacking and instead took aim at the media. The row surrounding Mr Zahawi centres on a tax bill over the sale of shares in YouGov - the polling firm he founded - worth an estimated £27 million and which were held by Balshore Investments, a company registered offshore in Gibraltar and linked to Mr Zahawi's family. Mr Zahawi previously said that HMRC concluded there had been a "careless and not deliberate" error in the way the founders' shares, which he had allocated to his father, had been treated. 