ITV has released a new trailer of Prince Harry's interview with Tom Bradby, which will air on Sunday night. The clips sees Tom questioning the royal about his decision to discuss his relationships with family members in his autobiography, Spare, which will be published two days following the broadcast, on 10 January, by Transworld. When discussing his relationship with his father and brother, Harry said: "The ball is in their court." “I don’t know how staying silent is ever going to make things better," the royal explained as he defended why he wanted to speak out. Tom replied: “Wouldn’t your brother say to you, ‘Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?’ Wouldn’t that be what he would say?” “He would probably say all sorts of different things," the royal replied. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession Tom added: “Some people will say you’ve railed against invasions of your privacy all your life and the accusation will be here are you invading the privacy of your nearest and dearest without permission, now that will be the accusation.” "That would be the accusation from people that don’t understand or don’t want to believe that my family have been briefing the press," the Duke of Sussex claimed. In the clip, Tom also asked Prince Harry about plans for the coronation of his father, HRH King Charles, set for later this year, as well as about his view of the monarchy and his role in it. When asked about whether he and Meghan Markle will attend the coronation, Harry simply replied: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then.  “But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.” "Do you still believe in the monarchy?” Tom went on to ask as Harry said: "Yes." "Do you believe you will play a part in its future?” the journalist quizzed before the royal candidly answered: "The Ball is in their court." The Duke of Sussex concluded: "I don't know." DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne blasts Prince Harry for cutting his children off  [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [INSIGHT]24 Hours in A&E viewers 'nearly sick' after woman's ankle injury [VIDEO]  In another trailer released earlier this week, Harry made an emotional plea to his family. "I just want my father back," the royal pleaded. "It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting, I want a family, not an institution. "They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. "They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile."  He added: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back." The 90-minute programme, produced by ITN Productions for ITV, will be broadcast two days before Prince Harry’s autobiography Spare is published. The book has been billed by publisher Penguin Random House as “a landmark publication full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief." Harry: The Interview will air on ITV1 and ITVX at 9pm on January 8.