But, laughable as it was, even those tin-hats are more useful to stopping Russian European expansionism in its tracks than the great big nothing currently on offer from German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Because, even as the clamour for German Leopard 2 tanks grows louder by the day, Scholz shies even more from putting his hoden on the line. And it is mystifying. Scholz's mumbled apology seems to be something to do with nuclear weapons, but it is seriously hard to make out if he's serious. (His Green Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock, by contrast seems ready to defy him and is dead keen on getting the tanks to where they are needed). The Russians were never serious about deploying nuclear weapons and they are still not. Why? Because the big Russian bear is terrified of the repercussions of course. Mutually Assured Destruction being still precisely as MAD as it ever was. So what Scholz is really doing is showing he has neither spine nor political smarts. And in so doing he is handing Vladimir Putin a colossal PR triumph. If EU superpower Germany refuses to send Leopard 2's - even at risk of clashing with the EU - then Russia must be in the right, right? Scholz has played a weird cat and mouse game with the US and their Abrams tanks - it's playground "I'll show you mine if you show me yours" stuff. He wants the US to deploy first. But not only are the US tanks less suitable, super fuel-hungry, and will take much, much longer to ship and train crews, the notion once again plays directly into Putin's hands. This is a European conflict in a European theatre started by Vladimir Putin in a bid to distract from domestic woes and rebuild the USSR. Now Putin wants to make it about NATO (and for NATO read US) aggression. Who on earth would be surprised if countries with a border with an openly aggressive Russia want to send tanks to Ukraine (currently being blocked by Germany) - but US tanks opens a whole new can of geopolitical worms. Russia and the US are currently supposed to be working on a new START treaty and summit with a view to reducing the planet's stock of nuclear ICBMs. Anyone think that will go ahead if US tanks are forming a ring of steel around Kyiv? Vladimir Putin (and other useful idiots like George Galloway) want to paint this war as a war of NATO aggression and expansionism. And Germany's knuckle-headed intransigence in failing to allow the supply of Leopards gives him permission to do that. There is no doubt something in the German national character that does make many of them allergic to war - and this is no bad thing. But politicians have it in their gift to make wars shorter or longer - and it is always dithering from behind desks which makes them longer. Refusal to give Zelensky the tools he needs to do the job will just lengthen the war and mean more death. And now we get to the weirdest bit of the Leopard 2 stand-off. Ukraine has already received German Howitzers - state of the art self-propelled guns... "tanks" to the untrained eye. And it has ordered 100 more be built specifically for Ukraine's use. The Bundgestag is also providing Ukraine with Marder armored personnel carriers, a Patriot air defence missile battery, anti-aircraft guns and Iris-T surface-to-air missiles. If Scholz wanted to keep Germany out of the war he's at least 100 Howitzers too late. The clamour for Scholz to U-turn grows louder by the hour - and my guess is by about Wednesday he will. But by then Putin will have yet another PR victory to feed the Russian populace.