Natasha Orumbi initially began her secondary job as a baker in 2009 but had to return to her full-time career due to circumstances outside of her control. But, she knew she wanted to take on her side hustle once again and explore how it could grow as a business. Thanks to social media, Ms Orumbi was able to “push” a baking side hustle into a business “yielding a full-time income” worth six figures.  Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the entrepreneur broke down how she began her journey into a whole new career. She explained: “I initially spent 10 years running a very expensive hobby with no idea about business expenditure, and how to ensure that my products are sold at a price that would actually yield a profit. “I started off pricing my cakes by looking at the size of it with my eyes, making a rough guess as to how much the ingredients would have cost and then adding a few pounds on for payment of myself and anything else. This resulted in wildly undercharging. “My 6" cakes, that I knew had taken me at least five hours to make, were selling for just £25 because I thought that they were so small, no one would possibly pay any more than that! Now I look back at how the pricing was laughable.  READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come “If I was paying myself just £5 per hour, that cost would only have covered my time. Then you have ingredients, overheads, reinvestment, all things I knew zero about. I only began to learn this during the pandemic when I embarked on my journey of business growth, which started off being in a membership community and then grew into mentoring which was the turning point really.” The businesswoman also discussed why becoming a baker was the right move for her professionally, on top of being a passion project. Ms Orumbie added: “Baking has been in my family for generations, my father and his sisters bake. My grandmother baked before she passed away, and it was something that came very naturally to me. “I distinctly remember the white Kenwood mixer that we used to have, and the traditional routine of being given the bowl to run our fingers around until it was literally clean. Those were the days parents were not hypersensitive and worried about giving their kids salmonella poisoning and as you can see, I'm alive and well today. “The recipe that my dad used has been passed down but I did my best to convert that into the traditional metrics and with each annual taste test, my dad's seal of approval seems ever closer. “Thankfully my clients have no comparison and are in love with the version I have managed to put into recipe form, so that's a great thing.” Despite being a tough decision, she started making cakes during that career break which kept her busy despite not generating much of an income at the time. This new business remained very much a side hustle until during the pandemic. Due to having more time on hand due to lockdowns, Ms Orumbie spent more time learning how to build a business effectively through social media. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing After taking on a mentor to offer her guidance on transitioning her side hustle into a full-on business, she discovered she was more than capable of developing her once-secondary job. She said: “I was working closely with a mentor one to one, who was able to look at and understand my business and share strategies specific that were able to help me transition. “It was when I started to implement these strategies, and it took about a year from that point of implementing the strategies I learned to get to that six figure salary.” However, making this move can prove to be tricky for many budding entrepreneurs but Ms Orumbie was happy to highlight her suggestions which could make the process much easier. The baker shared: “My advice to those, considering turning the side hustle into full-time income, is definitely to start understanding the numbers as soon as possible. “That is the biggest issue preventing the success of most businesses in my opinion, even when they are more experienced. “A lot of hobbyists spend much more than they make in their business and they do not make a substantial return on their investment, meaning there is not enough money in the business to reinvest in growth. “It is not wise to underestimate the importance of this. It is something that needs to be learned and that's why I predominantly spend the majority of my business teaching other bakers how to do this, because it isn't knowledge that is commonly shared in my industry.”