Alleged assassins from a far-right group plotting to kill Emmanuel Macron are believed to have owned a number of firearms. The activists are due to go on trial in Paris on Tuesday.  Prosecutors claim that members of a group called Les Barjols planned to knife the president during an official visit to northeastern France in November 2018. Besides trying to murder the president, detectives also believe the group were planning to kill migrants, attack mosques, kidnap politicians and overthrow the government. Detectives bugged telephone conversations during a four-year investigation, in which they also claim they uncovered evidence of anti-Semitism. None of the alleged plots were attempted. In the absence of any evidence that these criminal acts took place, prosecutors had to lower the charges. However, the twelve men and one woman accused of planning the attacks are still charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act. The punishment, if the defendants are found guilty, would be a maximum of a 10-year prison term. Defence lawyers representing the accused say the alleged plots were merely talk and they posed no imminent threat to the president. The prosecution's case is based “on the fiction that a violent act was going to happen”, defence lawyer Lucile Collot said. The group, which at one time had as many as 5,000 members, held paramilitary-style shooting training sessions as well as first aid training, according to prosecutors. Police are also said to have found firearms, such as an M16 assault weapon, and instructions on building bombs, during raids on members' homes.  During a raid on the property of Jean-Pierre Bouyer, a Les Barjols member, reports suggest police found a knife in the 66-year-old's home when they arrested him, in the days running up to Macron's visit to the north east of the country. Bouyer's lawyer, Olivia Ronen, told Agence France-Presse (AFP), her client "admits there were discussions but they never went any further." Ms Ronen attacked the prosecution for ignoring "the context of the time" when Bouyer made hostile remarks against the president. She says his comments were made during the period in which French fuel prices were sky-rocketing and the gilets jaunes (yellow vest) movement was in its infancy. Ms Ronen said: "What was presented to us as a planned attack on the president of the Republic is in fact the beginnings of the yellow vests" Another defence lawyer, Gabriel Dumenil, said one member of the group held "dissenting views on government" and comments that were "sometimes extreme". However, he then asked: "But does that mean that they meant to take action, and make an attempt on the life of the head of state? The answer is no."  In contrast, the prosecution are expected to argue Les Barjols had made plans that were "entirely aimed at seriously disrupting public order through intimidation and terror", and that these plans pre-exist the yellow vest movement. The trial will continue until February 3.