Chelsea target Youssoufa Moukoko ‘likes’ the project at Stamford Bridge amid speculation that the exciting German attacker could leave Borussia Dortmund for the Premier League, according to reports. The Blues have been linked with Moukoko, whose Dortmund contract expires at the end of the season. Moukoko is yet to extend his deal beyond June, with several of Europe’s top clubs apparently chasing his highly-sought signature. The 18-year-old recently hit out at reports claiming he wants to leave the Bundesliga club. Chelsea will compete with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham for the highly-rated prospect’s signature. However, Moukoko would snub a move to north London in favour of the west side of the capital. The player’s representatives have held talks with Chelsea and the ‘pitch’ put forward is attractive to Moukoko. He apparently ‘likes’ the project being pieced together by American co-owner Todd Boehly. JUST IN: Chelsea hold Enzo Fernandez belief with 'board divided' after offer That is according to CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs, who told Give Me Sport: “What we do know is that Moukoko likes the Chelsea project and pitch. “So, Chelsea consider themselves in the lead at the moment, but there are a lot of twists and turns that can happen because of the contractual situation. “Dortmund will continue to talk to the player after the festive period to see whether or not he will or won’t sign. Chelsea need to wait and understand that.” It was reported prior to Christmas that Moukoko had rejected a huge contract offer from Dortmund, with Liverpool and Manchester United also linked. However, he slammed those reports as ‘lies’, posting on Instagram: "Please don't believe everything you read in the newspaper. I will never accept such a lie about me. DON'T MISS...Chelsea bin off swap to help Fernandez deal as Badiashile fee agreedChelsea 'can't exploit transfer loophole' in Enzo Fernandez dealArsenal retaliate and 'plan to hijack' Chelsea deal for Dusan Vlahovic "It's really sad that nowadays you can bring something like this into the world, so that you (fans) have a false image of me. My focus is on the second half of the season, and it's all about the club Borussia Dortmund. No player is bigger than the club." His agent, Patrick Williams, confirmed to Sky in Germany that there is no imminent agreement with the club. Williams said: “I can confirm that we are not about to conclude a contract extension with Borussia Dortmund. “I can also assure you that the numbers that are circulating are simply not correct and Youssoufa was never offered that much. But we are still in contact with Dortmund and will see what the next few days bring.” Moukoko has long been tipped to be a future star due to his incredible goal record in Dortmund’s youth teams. He has scored 11 goals in 59 senior appearances, including six this season having benefited from a more prominent role in the first team.