Love Island's January series welcomes new presenter Maya Jama as she oversees the new hopefuls. Zara, from London, is a model and property developer who vows to "bring spice" to the villa. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old she is. Zara has had her fair share of bad dates as she admits her love life is "a bit shambolic". She is keen to try dating in a different environment in the hope a new tactic will change her luck. With her star sign Leo, she said people often misinterpret her personality. "People often think Leos are arrogant, but we’re just very self-assured, we love ourselves, but we have the same capacity to love other people," she explained. READ MORE: Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints Newcomer Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown is 25 years old and she says she has plenty of personality to bring to the villa. She added: "I’m a massive hype girl, I’m very complimentary so I hope to keep the vibes up in the villa. "I’ll also bring spice, I’m a bit different and I don’t think there’s anyone in there that's like me so I reckon I’ll keep things interesting." In a first-look video for the upcoming episode on Wednesday, she believed she could make the boys' heads turn with her grand entrance. She said: "I'm not worried about breaking up any of the couples, step aside ladies." The Londoner is prepared to break hearts if she finds someone who catches her eye. She is on Instagram as Zara Deniz and describes herself as a performance artist. The Love Island star has a passion for travel, having spent some of the winter in Egypt. She has shown off her stunning figure in various bikini shots taken in sunny locations. DON'T MISS... Anna-May Robey: Love Island star addresses cosmetic surgery [INSIGHT] How to watch Love Island 2023 live on ITV X in UK and abroad [EXPLAINER] Love Island 2023 debut sparks cheeky reaction from celebs on Twitter [DISCUSSION] In August 2022 she shared one on her 25th birthday, sporting a green bikini with matching green sunglasses. She said: "Today marks my 25th landing around the sun and I’m feeling truly blessed. "I’m grateful for all those closest to me, you help turn all my lessons into blessings. "I love the woman I’m becoming and stay high on life continuing to pursue my dreams. "Super excited for what the next chapter of my 20’s has in store." According to Portsmouth News, the star is also a director at MADZ Properties, and a freelance singer, actress and dancer. Speaking of her background to ITV, she said: "I’ve always loved being on stage and performing, I did musical theatre and performing arts at university. "I’m fully trained in ballet, tap and jazz and have singing qualifications which led me to get scouted as a model." Love Island airs on ITV on weekdays and Sundays at 9pm