Newcastle star Allan Saint-Maximin could be tempted to follow in the footsteps of Cristiano Ronaldo and make a move to the Middle East, with several sides from the region reportedly showing interest in signing him. The winger has struggled with injuries this season and is open to leaving the club despite their good form. The Magpies are currently third in the Premier League and have improved markedly this season, with their strong defensive core playing a key role in their success. Eddie Howe’s side have struggled with injuries in the final third but still found a way to win, with Miguel Almiron stepping up in the absence of his team-mates. The good form of Newcastle has meant that it has proven tricky for Saint-Maximin to recapture his spot in the starting eleven. He has made 12 appearances in the Premier League so far this season, scoring once and assisting three. Reports have circulated that the 25-year-old is hoping to leave the St James’ Park outfit, and he may have been granted an ‘out’. According to 90min, clubs in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates are interested in Saint-Maximin. The transfer window in the UAE does not close until next week, meaning that they can monitor whether he will be a key player for Newcastle for the remainder of the season or not. However, Howe’s recent comments would suggest that any bids will be turned down for the ex-Nice star. Asked about the prospect of Saint-Maximin, he said: “Absolutely not [for sale]. He is here to stay, and is an integral part of my team.” It is reported that the player was unhappy with how Newcastle were prioritising signing a winger this month despite the fact that he has warmed the bench recently and had overcome his injury. Though his frustration was not a factor for the Toon Army as they secured the signature of Anthony Gordon from Everton in a deal worth £40million plus add-ons. Gordon is not seen as a replacement for Saint-Maximin and another winger would need to arrive on deadline day to allow the forward to join Ronaldo in the Middle East, after his move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr earlier this month following his contract being terminated at Manchester United. It remains to be seen how valuable of a player Saint-Maximin is for Newcastle this month and whether clubs, both in and outside of Europe, reignite their interest in him over the summer if his situation does not improve in Tyneside.