Thiago Silva’s experience and leadership skills have shone through in tunnel footage shared by Chelsea from their victory over Crystal Palace over the weekend. The central defender was in deep conversation with recent signing Benoit Badiashile prior to the match and ensured that he warmed up closely with his new teammate. Badiashile joined Chelsea earlier this month from Monaco earlier this month in a deal worth approximately £35million, having earned plenty of praise during his time in the Ligue 1. The 21-year-old joins Graham Potter’s side on a seven-and-a-half-year deal and is expected to develop into a crucial player for the club in the future. Though the Blues are also in the heart of a rebuild currently and desperately needing results, prompting Badiashile to be thrown in at the deep end at Stamford Bridge on Sunday, starting in their 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace. Kai Havertz scored the all-important goal for Chelsea, relieving a touch of pressure from the shoulders of Potter. Badiashile impressed on his debut and appeared to take to the Premier League like a duck to water, though playing alongside Silva will certainly have helped. The veteran centre-back was instilling confidence in the No 4 prior to the pre-match warm-up, tunnel footage showed. The pair emerged from the dressing room together before taking part in the squad warm-up and defensive drills with select members of the starting eleven. Speaking after Badiashile’s debut, Potter said: “I thought Benoit did well, really well. “It was a good game for him. Koulibaly has had a lot of football and the turnaround from Thursday was a consideration. He passes the ball well, and when he needed to head the ball out he did. “He has to adapt to the Premier League, it will take him some time, but it was very positive.” Badiashile has already showcased his quality though the importance of Silva behind closed doors cannot be understated, with the 38-year-old still performing at an incredibly high level but also being a much-needed leader in a young, inexperienced dressing room. Chelsea’s recruitment strategy has largely centred around signing players that can immediately improve the squad but also develop into some of the best in the business as time goes on. Therefore, Potter will be relying on the experienced heads in his changing room, such as Silva and Jorginho, to steer players in the right direction and help them develop and improve further. 