Traffic cones reserving parking spaces have impacted us all in some capacity. Whether you are the perpetrator or the person trying to park, do you know the laws surrounding this practice?  The cause of many disputes, placing cones in the road can be infuriating for people trying to find a place to park. Sometimes people do it to prevent vehicles from blocking their driveways, but on other occasions, it is simply for selfish reasons. So, can you use traffic cones to reserve parking spots? No, of course not. Under section 137 of the Highways Act 1980, it is an offence to obstruct the highway without permission from the local highway authority. It states: "If a person, without lawful authority or excuse, in any way wilfully obstructs the free passage along a highway he is guilty of an offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine or both." People who cone-off space outside their homes to prevent cars from parking there or to reserve a parking space for themselves are also frowned upon by council officials. Wheelie bins and traffic cones are often seen outside homes across the country, and while the practice is unlikely to incur a fine, councils say it is "not permitted" and officials will simply remove them if necessary. Reserved parking spaces can be installed for blue-badge holders under certain circumstances, and drivers should contact their local council to discuss this.    But, unless governed by residents' parking permits, members of the public can park on a street so long as they abide by the rules and do not create obstructions. And as infuriating as it may be, if a car blocks your driveway, it is not illegal, and coning off the area is not the answer. Tim Alcock of LeaseCar.uk told Derbyshire Live: “Most drivers already spend a massive amount of money on vehicle fuel, taxes and upkeep, so the last thing anyone needs is a pesky yellow fine appearing on the windscreen while they’re parked. “We’d expect the majority of motorists to know not to park on double yellow lines or in disabled bays without a blue badge, for example, but it’s likely that fewer drivers know that allowing your parked car to build up dirt could leave you open to prosecution, as having an unreadable number plate is illegal. “Similarly, The Highway Code says that you can’t park anywhere that may restrict access for emergency services, such as leaving a residential road too narrow for a fire engine, and using the horn while a car is stationary – including whilst parked – is against the law.”  