Chart-topper Iggy Azalea confirmed her new account on OnlyFans on Friday by sporting a lacy neon green lingerie number. The hitmaker, who had previously vowed to never join the erotic website, dropped the photo to mark the launch of her year-long project titled "Hotter Than Hell". The business venture is set to include a number of exclusive content for just $25 (£20) a month. It will include illustrations, poetry, photography, video and music as well as access to her fourth studio album. The Black Widow songstress confessed her project is inspired by Madonna’s iconic 1992 coffee table book, Sex, as well as Pamela Anderson and 1990s supermodels. Iggy is set to collaborate with producers, visual artists and fashion photographers including collage artist Ian Woods. Her exciting project will wrap up in December 2023 alongside the launch of a coffee table book based on her musical career. READ MORE: Iggy Azalea flashes EYE-POPPING rear as she squeezes curves into kinky latex outfit Speaking about her new project, she said: “I’ve been working on Hotter Than Hell for six months already and I'm full of excitement and nervous anticipation to begin revealing it to the world, layer by layer. “Admittedly, I never knew OnlyFans was a place where I could be creative, so I didn’t expect to be collaborating with them on my biggest project to date! “Once I looked beyond the surface level chatter about what it means to have an OnlyFans, I realized it was the perfect platform to launch a multimedia concept on.” The musician continued: “I feel excited about not having to worry about the overwhelming and creatively limiting censorship artists have to navigate when sharing work on other digital platforms. DON'T MISSHollywood has 'had enough' of 'toxic' Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Female cop fired after performing wild sex romps on duty [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT] "The project is bold and fun – so is this collaboration - I think it’s going to surprise a lot of people." Ms Azalea has reportedly generated a whopping $500,000 after her first day on OnlyFans. She said she crashed the site for four days in a row after debuting her art project on the subscription-service platform. Ms Azalea made $US307,000 ($441,500) in her first 24 hours, according to Perth Now. READ MORE: Iggy Azalea Instagram: Curvaceous rapper wiggles eye-popping rear in thong bikini The decision to join OnlyFans marks a stunning reversal on previous statements issued by the artist. In April 2021, the singer vowed never to join the explicit platform. She tweeted: “I think OnlyFans can be really empowering for people, but I WILL NEVER, EVVVER join.  It comes after the star recently hinted at plans to retire after she sold her master recordings and publishing catalogue to Domain Capital for a staggering eight-figure deal. OnlyFans is a subscriber service that allows public figures to charge fans to access their content, which is usually deemed too explicit for other social media platforms. Currently boasting more than 170 million registered users, OnlyFans is one of the top 50 most visited sites on the Internet.