The Rig is a new series coming to Amazon Prime Video and it tells the story of a group of oil rig workers who are due to return to the Scottish mainland. However, when a mysterious fog enshrouds them, supernatural forces start to take hold. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the TV series was filmed. The series is set in the North Sea and the group of workers find themselves stranded. The suspenseful series takes place in Aberdeen and the synopsis reads: "When the crew of the North Sea stationed Kinloch Bravo oil rig is due to return to the mainland, a mysterious fog rolls in and cuts off communication with the outside world. "The crew will be driven to the limits of their endurance and loyalties and will be forced into a confrontation with forces that are beyond their imagination." The show is made up of six episodes and they will all be released at the same time on January 6. Line of Duty star Martin Compston leads the cast along with Schitt's Creek's Emily Hampshire. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage Other stars include Game Of Thrones' Iain Glen and Small Axe's Rochenda Sandall. The Rig is the first Amazon series to be filmed entirely in Scotland, with the oil rig located at FirstStage Studios. The studio complex based in Edinburgh is fairly new, with filming completed in August 2021. Director of European Prime Original Series at Amazon, Georgia Brown, said the series had created hundreds of jobs. She said: "I think The Rig will prove to the world that shows can go out that are hyperlocal: north of Inverness in a place that people probably will never have heard of with very Scottish accents, very thick accents." Actor Compston plays communications officer Fulmer Hamilton in the new series. Hampshire stars as oil company representative Rose Mason, who is a scientist. Glen plays Magnus, the Kinloch Bravo's offshore installation manager who is in charge of the crew. Sandall stars as Cat Braithwaite, along with an extensive guest cast. Actor Mark Bonnar said he was close to catching hypothermia whilst filming for the series. DON'T MISS... BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [INSIGHT] Martin Compston addresses ‘abuse’ over BBC role [INTERVIEW] Line of Duty's Martin Compston shuts down series return [INSIGHT] Speaking on The Chris Evans Breakfast Show he said ended up requiring medical attention. He said: "[The buckets of water] were warm, they were sort of warm but they became cold the longer the night went on. "I was pre-hypothermic at one point. Nurse Pam was coming down and checking on my temperature every now and again, and just to check everyone because I was being covered in water. "At one point she said, ‘Oh no, I'm whisking you upstairs because we've got to put you in the caravan and wrap you in tin foil.’” He praised the special effects team for creating a realistic oil rig, which was not actually out at sea. He explained: "The art department built this incredible kind of three-storey oil rig. "Everything that you see is real, apart from the sea. The VFX [team] do the most incredible job. It was very atmospheric.” The star said reuniting with his Line of Duty co-star Compston helped when it came to filming the long night shoots.  The Rig airs on Amazon Prime Video from January 6.