Brighton reportedly have ‘no intention’ to sell Moises Caicedo this month despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea and Liverpool. The Ecuador international is expected to play a key role in the club’s push for European football this season and is not available at any price. Caicedo has attracted plenty of attention for his impressive performances on the south coast since being thrown into first-team action last season. The 21-year-old has taken the Seagulls up a level since his introduction, with many Seagulls supporters feeling that he is already one of the best young talents in the Premier League. Graham Potter is reportedly keen to reunite with Caicedo at Chelsea this season, with the ex-Brighton boss desperate to bolster his midfield ranks after a failed pursuit of Enzo Fernandez. However, no offers will be entertained by the Blues, despite speculation. The Argus report that Brighton have no interest in selling the Ecuador international this month and anticipate him remaining with them until at least the end of the season. Interest is likely to brew further as the season continues, with a charge for European football expected to put Caicedo firmly in the thoughts of top sides. Liverpool and Manchester United are long-term admirers of the midfielder, with their awareness of his talent dating back to his time at Independiente del Valle. However, both sides opted against making a serious push for Caicedo due to agent issues, with several individuals representing the midfielder. The midfielder is expected to change agency this month, though that will not be a factor in a January sale. An unnamed club reportedly enquired about Caicedo recently quoting a sum that fell incredibly short of a fee that would even get Brighton to open talks. The Seagulls are instead prioritising fielding interest for wantaway star Leandro Trossard, who is desperate to leave after he went public with his supposed spat with manager Roberto De Zerbi. Talks have been opened with Arsenal over a potential sale, with Mikel Arteta desperate to find a quick fix for his lack of forward options after his side missed out on signing Mykhaylo Mudryk earlier this month. Trossard is expected to come at a fraction of the cost of Mudryk, though Brighton are not desperate to offload the Belgian international and will only agree to a deal if their asking price. Like with Caicedo, the Seagulls have not indicated a clear-cut price on the winger and would rather entertain offers and negotiate than have figures circulated. Arsenal will be well aware of this after extended talks with the club prior to signing Ben White for £50million in 2021.