Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi says he wants Leandro Trossard to stay put this month despite their differences as he talked down the prospect of the Belgian's departure. The Italian tactician, who masterminded one of Brighton's greatest-ever victories as they thrashed Liverpool 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday, ruthless dropped the distracted winger from his squad for the clash due to his alleged lack of application in training. Trossard has been the subject of an enquiry from Tottenham as he seeks to force through a move elsewhere but Brighton recently triggered a 12-month option to extend the player's contract before it expired at the end of the campaign. Express Sport revealed on Friday that Trossard left the UK via EuroTunnel shuttle after being told he would not be part of the Brighton fold to face Liverpool. But the hard-nosed De Zerbi confirmed he was firmly aware the forward would be heading overseas as he offered his rebel attacker the chance to smooth things over for the benefit of the team - talking down a January transfer. When quizzed on whether Trossard had his approval to depart England, the Brighton boss said after the demolition of Liverpool: "Yes but I wanted to answer clearly about Leo. I am sorry for this situation, I think I didn't make a mistake with him. READ MORE: Leandro Trossard transfer saga takes twist as Brighton star leaves UK after Liverpool axe "The people who work inside of Brighton know very well the situation. I am fine with myself. I am open to waiting for him because he's a good guy. He's a very good player for us, a very important player. "I don't want him to change team but he has to understand that he has to work with my attitude and in my way because I am the coach and I decide the rules inside of the dressing room. "I have the responsibility of my players, of my club. I am very honest, when I want to say something - I speak inside the family and out family is inside of the dressing room." De Zerbi refused to respond to the statement released by Trossard's agent Josy Comhair, in which the representative pinned blame on the Brighton boss for alienating and "belittling" his client in front of the Albion squad. Part of the statement read: “It is important that Brighton cooperates with a potential transfer during this transfer period and shows a benevolent attitude, which is beneficial to both parties.” The former Shakhtar Donetsk and Sassuolo head coach did not take offence to the allegations, however, stating he will only comment on the person he knows - Trossard. He added: "I don't want to speak about the communication from his agent because I don't know him. I only know Leo and I am ready to listen to him without problem. "His situation is a very important situation, it's not a bad situation, it's a great situation because if he learns and we improve what will be our way, we can only improve and to achieve the important result, to achieve our dreams we have to know we have only one way. "That's to be open to improve, to be ready to work hard because we are Brighton. To play in Brighton, we are a team of medium level in this competition [the Premier League]. We have to think of the team." He later said to the room: "I was clear on Leo? Good because I want to speak about the game but if you want to ask questions about Trossard, I am ready!" Brighton are understood to have failed in their attempts to entice Trossard into signing a contract extension despite their desire to offer him fresh terms. His future at the Amex remains in doubt despite De Zerbi's willingness to resolve the pair's fractured relationship.