As GB News looked back on a tumultuous year for the British Royal Family, historian David Starkey shared his insight on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. He claimed King Charles III is playing a "rather clever long game" as he is waiting for the pair to "destroy themselves". David appeared on Saturday's instalment of GB News where he was interviewed by Esther McVey and Philip Davies about the Royal Family. They discussed Queen Elizabeth II's death as well as the controversial release of Harry and Meghan's Netflix series. Within the explosive series, Harry accused King Charles of saying untrue things when the late Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 in a last-ditch attempt to solve the "Megxit crisis". The Prince also claimed Prince William's office traded negative stories about him, despite promising never to do so. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation David fumed on GB News: “I don't think they much matter, look at the opinion polls today.   I mean, a near majority of people not only say they don't much like them, but they actually want them stripped of their titles. “With every passing day, I think with every desperate attempt at taking a little molehill of grievance and trying to turn it into a vast, vast Himalayas of resentment, they become less relevant." He claimed: “What I think Charles is doing is actually playing a rather clever long game. What I would guess he is doing is waiting for them to destroy themselves. So he doesn't actually need to do anything very dramatic. He's just letting events take their course, which I think is a very wise thing to do.” David's comments come ahead of the release of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir, named Spare. DON'T MISS...Prince Louis tipped for starring role in 2023 [UPDATE]Meghan Markle 'set to release her own memoir' in fresh onslaught [UPDATE]Meghan's new title could 'look unkind' - similar to Princess Michael [LATEST] The book is being released on January 10, which comes less than two months after his bombshell Netflix series dropped on the streaming giant. Publisher Penguin Random House promises the "landmark publication" will contain "unflinching honesty" as well as "self-examination". The Royal Family has not commented on Harry's Netflix series or his upcoming memoir. King Charles did not mention his youngest son in his Christmas speech to the nation. Instead, he mentioned his late mother and Prince Philip as well as Prince William and the Princess of Wales. The monarch also shared his condolences with those who have lost loved ones and highlighted the cost-of-living crisis. King Charles' coronation is scheduled to take place on May 6, but it has not been confirmed whether Prince Harry will attend. GB News airs daily on Freeview, Freesat, Sky, YouView, and Virgin Media.