King Charles’ coronation will take place in June and it’s unknown if Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will be in attendance. In a new interview, the Duke of Sussex refused to confirm if he will return to the UK for the event as he claimed “there’s still a lot to discuss” with his family. Probing Harry about the coronation, Tom asked: “If you are invited to the coronation will you come?” “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then,” Harry replied. “But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. “There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Tom went on to ask: “Do you still believe in the monarchy?” Harry simply confirmed “yes,” but admitted he “doesn’t know” if he will “play a part in its future”. Also in the interview, Tom probed Harry about his decision to speak out against the Royal Family, including his brother William and father Charles. “I don’t know how staying silent is ever going to make things better,” the Duke stated. Tom questioned: “Wouldn’t your brother say to you, ‘Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?’ Wouldn’t that be what he would say?” “He would probably say all sorts of different things,” Harry shot back. The journalist continued: “Some people will say you’ve railed against invasions of your privacy all your life and the accusation will be here are you invading the privacy of your nearest and dearest without permission, now that will be the accusation.” DON'T MISS...BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage [REACTION]Prince Harry hopes family will ‘sit down and talk’ [VIDEO]Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [LATEST] Harry retorted: “That would be the accusation from people that don’t understand or don’t want to believe that my family have been briefing the press.” The Duke’s interview with Tom will air on Sunday evening, two days before his memoir Spare will be released. It comes after The Guardian leaked extracts from Harry’s memoir, with the Duke claiming his brother physically attacked him. The newspaper claimed the pair were at Nottingham Cottage in 2019 when Harry alleges William called Meghan “rude” and “difficult”. Harry is said to have alleged the disagreement became heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". He added he fell on a dog’s bowl and broke it while he was left with visible back injury. Harry is also sitting down for an interview with 60 Minutes host Anderson Cooper in the US. Harry: The Interview airs on Sunday on ITV at 9pm