Liverpool duo Darwin Nunez and Fabinho were left in fits of laughter following a cheeky incident involving team-mate Harvey Elliott in the FA Cup clash with Brighton. Broadcast cameras showed the Reds pair in hysterics after Elliott cheekily prevented Brighton from taking a quick throw-in. The ball rolled out for a throw midway through the first half at the Amex Stadium. In a bid to strike a quick counter-attack, Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi raced to retrieve the ball to hand it to one of his players. However, teenage starlet Elliott had other ideas and thumped the ball out of De Zerbi's hands. The Seagulls' head coach seemed unhappy by the incident, but it caused plenty of laughter among the Liverpool substitutes. Cameras quickly flicked to Nunez and Fabinho, who were laughing at Elliott's antics. The young Liverpool attacker has been influential for the Merseysiders in the last couple of weeks, scoring in the third-round replay against Wolves. JUST IN: Liverpool could have signed Caicedo for £85m less than Arsenal may pay And Elliott scored an excellent goal in the first half of the fourth-round clash with Brighton. The 19-year-old raced onto Mohamed Salah's pass and dinked the ball beyond Seagulls goalkeeper Jason Steele. Brighton soon equalised as Lewis Dunk deflected Tariq Lamptey's wayward effort into the net. It left the scoreline 1-1 at half-time, although Lamptey was forced to make an excellent tackle on Elliott as he burst through on goal in the final minutes of the first half. Elliott has been a rare highlight in a tough season for Liverpool. However, some of his performances as a central midfielder have been criticised with the England U21 ace not naturally combative in the middle of the pitch. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Klopp decides on Nunez with six changes vs BrightonLiverpool boss Klopp paints bleak picture as he doubts future hopesTransfer news - Mourinho's Chelsea return, Caicedo banishment The former Fulham prospect has only recently started playing in midfield, having spent most of his youth career out wide. Elliott has moved back out onto the wings in recent weeks and boss Jurgen Klopp has praised his versatility. “He had already really a lot of good games and he can play different positions. In our situation that’s really important, obviously we like... proper wingers, if you want, of course they are all not available, but Harvey can play there. In a different way, yes, but he can play there”, Klopp said after last weekend’s goalless draw with Chelsea. “He’s more in position if he plays on the right side but there is Mo. So, that goes well – these are positives. They are not the only positives, but of course they are easy to see, and all the others maybe you have to try a bit harder to find them but they are still there.”