Prince Harry's upcoming memoir "Spare" has been accidentally released early in Spain, leading to a frenzied dash to pick up a copy. A customer reportedly grabbed two Spanish editions of Spare from the shelves for 22.90 euros (£20.23) five days before its official publication date. The 557-page book is titled "En La Sombra", which translates to "In The Shadow". Inside, it reads: "Para Meg, Archie y Lili... y, por supuesto, mi madre" - which means "for Meg, Archie and Lili... and, of course, my mother". Spare was not due to be officially published until next Tuesday, January 10.  The customer who picked up the book, who wanted to remain anonymous, told the Sun: "I was shocked when I saw them selling it. "They didn't seem to know how big this was - they're not as high-profile here. It must've been some kind of mistake." The book is expected to be more incendiary than the Netflix documentary released by Harry and his wife Meghan Markle last month - and an extract leaked to the Guardian already suggests this is the case. In the extract, Harry, 38, alleges that his brother Prince William, 40, physically assaulted him during a confrontation over his relationship with Meghan.  Prince William, the book claims, called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive" during the heated argument. READ MORE: Harry accuses William of acting like the heir who doesn’t understand [REVEAL] Harry then wrote that his brother grabbed him by the collar and "knocked" him to the floor. William then allegedly declared: "I didn't attack you, Harold". Harry also claimed that William urged him to fight back, saying that is what would happen when they scrapped as children. He said the Prince of Wales later returned "looking regretful, and apologised."  DON'T MISS: Charles joked about Diana delivering 'spare' baby Prince Harry [REVEAL]Harry didn’t tell Meghan of William’s ‘physical attack’ [INSIGHT] Prince Harry refuses to confirm he'll attend father's coronation [ANALYSIS] The book goes on to claim that King Charles pleaded with the battling brothers, saying: "Please, boys. Don’t make my final years a misery.” It also claims the King, when Harry was first born, remarked to Diana: "Wonderful! Now you’ve given me an heir and a spare – my work is done.” The leak to the Guardian and the accidental publication in Spain are unexpected, given that publisher Penguin Random House has otherwise been extremely tight on preventing leaks. Express.co.uk has approached Kensington Palace for comment. 