The Last of Us has been in the making for the past couple of years by HBO and now, the apocalyptic series is ready to air. Following the same plot as the video game, there has been much hype surrounding the show's release as well as its star-studded cast. Here's all there is to know to watch The Last of Us. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. The Last of Us is going to make its debut on Sunday, January 15, on HBO and HBO Max. These platforms are not available in the UK but fear not, the series will instead air on Sky Atlantic and streaming service NOW a day, coming out a day later on Monday, January 16. Season one of The Last of Us is going to consist of nine episodes in total with a new instalment airing every Sunday in the US and every Monday in the UK. As long as there are no changes to the schedule, the ninth and final episode is going to come out on Sunday, March 12. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Here is the episode schedule for The Last of Us season one: Episode 1 – When You’re Lost In The Darkness, January 15, 2023 Episode 2 – Cordyceps Ordo Seclorum, January 22, 2023 Episode 3 – Long Long Time, January 29, 2023 Episode 4 - February 5, 2023 Episode 5 - February 12, 2023 Episode 6 - February 19, 2023 Episode 7 - February 26, 2023 Episode 8 - March 5, 2023 Episode 9 - March 12, 2023 Those in the UK won't have to miss out on the show initially coming out either. Sky announced in November last year: "Superfans of The Last of Us will not miss out on the global excitement with each instalment available at the same time as the US premiere each week at 2am and on demand thereafter." So UK fans will be able to stay up and watch The Last of Us every Monday morning at 2am GMT. However, if you're not keen to stay up that late, then the same episode will be repeated on Mondays at 9pm on Sky Atlantic. DON'T MISS...Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [TRIBUTE]Barry season 4: Henry Winkler shares huge update on series [UPDATE]Robert Downey Jr looks unrecognisable as he prepares for new HBO role [CAST] The Last of Us is set 20 years after modern civilisation has fallen to its knees and Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) has been recruited to smuggle 14-year-old Ellie (Bella Ramsey) out of an oppressive quarantine zone. The apocalypse was caused by a deadly brain infection that killed billions but Ellie is immune to the disease. So it is hoped that Joel will be able to deliver Ellie to those who could come up with a cure. There is no word on a second series just yet, but it is likely another season could be on its way. HBO hasn't listed The Last of Us as a limited series so the story may not be wrapped up by the season finale. The game itself also had a sequel which was released in 2020 so there is plenty more scope when it comes to content for the show's creators. In addition, co-creator Craig Mazin told The Hollywood Reporter that a possible second series would adapt the second game as he "doesn't like filler". So fingers crossed there will be plenty more of Joel and Ellie to come in the future. The Last of Us premieres on Sunday, January 15, on HBO in the USA and Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.