Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they will need to find "other people to get dirt from" for more books. Fox News host Greg Gutfeld and contributor Kat Timpf mocked the royal couple after Harry's bombshells claims in his memoir. The headline-grabbing autobiography Spare included claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. Ms Timpf said: "Everyone's got to be really careful and not hang out with them ever because this one is a tell-all which means they told it all and now they're going to need to tell more. "They're going to need to find other people to get dirt from and then that will be in the next book." The host added: "You can't trust this pair!" While contributor Tyrus claimed: "How can you not tell that he did not write this book? She wrote this book! READ MORE: Prince Harry accused of commercialising 'victimisation' for 'payday' "What man has saved text messages from his girl?" It comes as Harry told the Daily Telegraph: "It could have been two books, put it that way." Gordon writes that Harry told her the first draft was 800 pages - double the final manuscript which comes in at just over 400 pages. Harry told Gordon that there were things he revealed to ghostwriter JR Moehringer "for context", but there was "absolutely no way" they would be included in the book. The duke said it is impossible to tell his story without referring to family members. He added: "But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don't want the world to know. "Because I don't think they would ever forgive me. "Now you could argue that some of the stuff I've put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. DON'T MISS Harry exposes 'childhood trauma' as family told 'acknowledge' feelings [INSIGHT]Archie and Lilibet 'very welcome in London' for King's coronation [ANALYSIS]King 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipe [VIDEO] "But the way I see it is, I'm willing to forgive you for everything you've done, and I wish you'd actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I'm delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I'd really like is some accountability. "And an apology to my wife." During the interview, Harry told Gordon that he knows the press "have got a shit-tonne of dirt about my family. I know they have, and they sweep it under the carpet for juicy stories about someone else". Harry also revealed that he worries about his brother's children.