Manchester City star Jack Grealish gave the perfect response to a reporter who "insulted" him after the win over Tottenham. The England star helped City come from two goals down to beat Spurs 4-2 at the Etihad on Thursday. Grealish played the whole match as City scored four goals in the second half. But it was his defensive display that took up much of the post-match interview. Sky Sports reporter Patrick Davison highlighted a tackle Grealish made in the first half on Spurs star Son Heung-min. He claimed it was the 27-year-old's best moment in the match. Davison said: "Last one, I'm going to take you back to the first half, my highlight of your game, that tackle on Son racing back. You know the one I'm talking about don't you." But Grealish was not best pleased that it was seen as his best moment. He replied: "I know what you're talking about but it's never a good sign when that's the highlight of a winger's match!" Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  In a well-humoured interview, Davison was quick to apologise. He said: "I didn't realise I was insulting you! Sorry Jack. "I just thought it's not something we always see or associate with you, was what I was going to say." Grealish racked his brains to try and think of a better moment he had on the night. He said: "I'm trying to think now, did I take anyone on or something? A highlight of a winger's match is a tackle. "Obviously we've got to do it. At the time I thought they had a break, Son's so good at breaking away. I put a tackle in and to be fair, anything could have happened. But luckily I won the ball." Davison ended the interview and as the cameras attempted to cut away, he said: "Sorry mate!" The pair had a small hug before Grealish jokingly said: "Horrible that!" Spurs stunned the Etihad by grabbing two goals in the final five minutes before half-time. Dejan Kulusevski pounced on a defensive error to open the scoring before Emerson Royal doubled the visitors' lead. City were booed off at the break but made a storming start to the second half. Julian Alvarez began the comeback before Erling Haaland levelled the game up. Riyad Mahrez put City in front to complete the turnaround in 18 second-half minutes. Mahrez sealed the win late on with his second to close the gap on leaders Arsenal to five points. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here