A 40-year-old mother was found dead in her bed by her teenage daughter after going to sleep with suspected food poisoning. On December 29, 40-year-old Kelly Gleeson thought she had the illness because she had spent most of the day throwing up. She went to bed around 6 pm, but her teenage daughter discovered her unresponsive an hour later. Her family has since broken their silence on the mum's tragic death, as relatives suspect food poisoning could be the reason for her death. Despite being called to the family's home in Stockport, Greater Manchester, ambulance personnel could not revive the patient. Kelly, a unit manager at a nursing home with no known medical conditions, was later discovered to have died from a pulmonary embolism. It happens when a blood clot becomes lodged in a lung artery and blocks blood flow to part of the lung. Her sister, Jade Rothwell, told Manchester Evening News, she screamed when she heard of Kelly’s death.  She said: "I was at home with my kids and my partner rang me and told me. "He told me she had gone. I screamed and told him he was lying. We got the kids in the car and went straight to Kelly’s. "That’s when I knew when I saw everyone there. It was real. I had to go and say my goodbyes to her." According to the NHS, a pulmonary embolism can be dangerous or even fatal if it is not treated right away because it can impair lung function. Sudden breathlessness, chest pain, coughing up blood, and vomiting blood are other symptoms. READ MORE: Signs that winter pressure on NHS is starting to ease Jade, 30, added: "The paramedics couldn’t resuscitate her. It was so unexpected. We couldn’t believe it because it was such a shock. It’s been lonely and quiet without her." Kelly’s husband, Jerry Gleeson, said: "I’m absolutely devastated. My beautiful wife died on Thursday, December 29, and to say I’m heartbroken is an understatement. "22 wonderful years we had together – well when I wasn’t annoying her. I was good at doing that." He continued: "I never stopped loving you and I will always love you. I promise I’ll look after our baby girl. The dog is lost. She keeps sitting on the rug staring up at the door, waiting for you to come home. "I keep trying to take comfort in how well-liked she was, but it just makes me feel worse. How can someone so beautiful be taken so soon? I’m going to be so lost without you." DON'T MISS:The Rookie fans 'work out' Bailey death as promo drops deadly hint [REPORT]Anne Heche’s youngest son breaks silence on actress’ death [REPORT]Italy’s ‘most famous and loved’ bear known for bakery theft has died [REPORT] Kelly's family, who described her as "bubbly" and "the life of the party", has now launched a GoFundMe page to help raise costs towards her funeral. Her daughter, 17-year-old Madison, added: "My mum was my best friend and we did everything together no matter what. She was the loudest in the room no matter where we were or who she was with. "She did everything for me and bought me everything I ever wanted. She always called me a 'spoiled brat', so this is my time now to repay the favour and give her the best send-off she deserves." READ NEXT:Woman texting at wheel put two people in hospital after horror crashHenry VIII’s grisly accident that may have altered course of historyOur Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to RavenseatPig kills butcher in freak slaughterhouse accident as it lashes outDad dies in hospital after waiting 17 hours to be admitted to ward