The Royal Family knows how to respond to Prince Harry's explosive claims, according to a commentator, who accused him of presenting a "shallow storyline". Royal expert Kinsey Schofield says the Firm understands that if they stay quiet, the general public will grow "increasingly tired" and the appeal will fizzle out. The Duke of Sussex, 38, will reveal new information about the Royal Family in two upcoming interviews, airing on CBS and ITV on Sunday. These coincide with the release of his new book, Spare, on January 10. It is expected to divulge further details about Harry's life in the Firm and fallout with other royals since stepping back from duties in 2020. Ms Schofield, host of the 'To Di For Daily' podcast, told Fox News: "The Royal Family is bracing for negative headlines, but they have survived much worse. "They are confident that this is only temporary, and their team gets the sense that people are very much over this storyline. "If the Royal Family responds, then it keeps Harry and Meghan’s drama going… If they remain quiet and Harry and Meghan keep beating the same drum, people will grow increasingly tired of this very shallow storyline."  Both CBS and ITV have shared sneak peek clips of their interviews with Harry. In one clip from CBS' 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper, The Duke accused Buckingham Palace of leaking and planting stories to the press about himself and his wife, Meghan Markle.   Meanwhile, more of the Duke's grievances with the Firm are expected to come to light in his upcoming memoir. In an excerpt of the book, obtained by The Guardian, Harry claimed that Prince William physically attacked him. "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor," the Guardian quotes Harry as saying. In the aftermath of the Duke's explosive comments, the Palace, which represents both William and the King, seems to have adopted the strategy of silence. READ MORE: Prince Harry reveals the nicknames he and William called each other Royal expert Hilary Fordwich said it is unlikely the Palace will feed into Harry's latest press appearances by offering a statement in response. Ms Fordwich told Fox News: "As Harry well knows, the Royal Family don’t speak freely about their feelings, and nor is he." Instead, she believes the family will do "what is expected" of them and respond by "keeping calm and carrying on". 