Faze Temper will hope to provide an upset and propel his boxing career when he faces KSI in London on Saturday. Temper was down to fight a 'mystery opponent' on the fight card until Dillon Danis pulled out of the main event with KSI last week, resulting in the American taking centre stage for the pay-per-view contest. Temper, 28, has over two million subscribers to his YouTube channel and is the founder of successful e-gaming group FaZe Clan. The organisation has linked up with a host of famous faces for collaborations in the past, including Manchester City in 2017. The Brazilin-born American - real name Thomas Oliveira - has a record of 2-1 and beat Overtflow in a first-round knockout during his last fight in November. KSI was initially scheduled to take on MMA fighter Danis who pulled out last week, with the Brit's manager Mams Taylor stating the American was "underprepared" for the contest. The Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt also ghosted the pre-fight press conference and so it came as no surprise when he pulled out. The inexperienced Temper was chosen to replace Danis to the disgust of fellow fighter Joe Fournier who believed that he was the contracted fighter to face KSI. Rapper and fellow YouTuber KSI is also a relative newbie to professional boxing having made his debut in August last year when he beat Swarmz and Luis Alcaraz Pineda by knockout on the same night. READ MORE: Jake Paul signs deal to MMA fight and calls out Nate Diaz after taking shot at Dana White   Temper has the advantage of being six centimetres taller than his opponent and says he jumped at the opportunity of the pay-per-view main event. He said: "Initially I was going to fight a mystery opponent and I got hit up, I think January 1 in the morning, I heard the news that Danis pulled out. "It was not really a shock to anyone and I got the opportunity where they asked if I wanted to fight. This is something I imagined doing later down the line, the opportunity came now and I'm not going to say no to it." DON'T MISS:  KSI is looking for a third professional victory after also fighting twice as an amateur in 2018 including a draw against social media rival Logan Paul. KSI is chief executive of Misfits Boxing which is running the show and also saw Alex Wassabi pull out of his last bout resulting in him fighting two inexperienced boxers on the same night. He added: “I feel like I've aged 20 years coming back for this whole boxing scene. It's wild literally to have two pullouts... For Danis there was literally no excuse, his excuse was 'nah I don't fancy it any more'." 