RAC Fuel Watch forecasts that petrol, diesel and super unleaded prices should “fall sharply” in the coming days and weeks, following months of gradually dropping costs. On average, drivers are seeing petrol prices at 152.18p per litre, as diesel remains higher than super unleaded (168.95p) at almost £1.75. Fuel prices peaked in July this year, with the average cost of petrol hitting 191.53p per litre, while diesel was less than one pence short of being £2 per litre. Paul Holland, MD of UK Fleet at Allstar, highlighted how market factors like the war in Ukraine and the cost of living crisis have contributed to prices. He said: “If I had to sum up 2022’s fuel price movements in a word, then that word would be: volatile. “Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, where oil prices raced towards record levels, it was impossible to not fear for the impact on the global economy. READ MORE: Petrol drivers issued with E10 Christmas warning “And those fears, driven by oil, energy and many other cost increases have certainly started to bite. “The biggest consumer of oil is the USA, and with the country now predicted to go into a steep economic downturn, it is significantly reversing the very factor that drove oil prices up in the first place.” Drivers in the UK have dealt with dramatically changing fuel prices in the last two years, with the coronavirus pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. At the start of 2020, average petrol prices were 127.52p and diesel was at 132.19p, but have since dropped and peaked. DON'T MISSCommon car accessory could lead to an MOT failure [WARNING]Incoming car tax changes are 'concerning sign of what may lay ahead' [INSIGHT]Almost 30 MPs demand petrol and diesel price cuts to protect drivers [SHOCKING] As a result of national lockdowns and fewer people on the road, prices dipped to a four-year low in May 2020, with petrol at around £1.06 per litre and diesel just six pence more expensive. Since then, it has been a near continuous climb as global pressures and oil prices have forced prices up. Mr Holland continued, saying: “With an elimination of Russian oil and increasing demand across the globe, the genuine concern over availability and supply of oil has now been replaced by a realisation that the globe is simply not going to need as much oil in the short and medium term. “Right now, we’re seeing the market agreeing with this assertion that supply is going to outstrip demand. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Clean Air Zones in 2023 “The impact is that oil prices are now around 60 percent of what they were in June of this year - -$120 (-£99.65) at its highest level compared to -$75 (-£62.28) in the last week or so. “While retail pump prices are yet to see the full benefit of this commodity cost fall, this will almost certainly come over the next few weeks and as we move into the new year.” He also questioned what these price moves meant for UK businesses, especially those involved in fleets. Mr Holland said they must ensure they can lean on their partners to help them purchase fuel as efficiently as possible during volatile times. “We will do everything we can to keep on top of new developments and make sure that our customers are getting the best fuel prices possible,” he added. Earlier this month, the RAC forecast that 2022 would see the most expensive Christmas ever when it came to fuel prices. The average petrol tank costs £4 more than it did last year, while diesel motorists are forking out nearly £97 - almost £15 more than last year (£82). The wholesale price of petrol has fallen to 106p a litre, the same price it was this time last year, with the RAC calling on retailers to slash prices to help drivers.