Manchester United have been urged to go back in for Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann this month as the club’s third January signing, after Wout Weghorst and Jack Butland. Erik ten Hag’s side have previously attempted to sign the French forward on multiple occasions, as they explored a potential transfer in the summer. Griezmann was on loan at Atletico from Barcelona at the time as part of a complicated deal which ensured that Diego Simeone’s side bought the 31-year-old permanently if he played 30 minutes or more in over half of their matches, though he was reduced to second-half cameos to avoid the club making the obligation. Atletico then bought the 2018 World Cup winner outright in October, but only after United considered a potential move. Sky Sports claimed that when United chiefs were in Spain to seal a £60million deal for Casemiro in the summer, they met with Griezmann’s representatives as part of an enquiry for his services, though opted against a move partially due to the unique loan circumstances he was involved in. Former Tottenham and England goalkeeper Paul Robinson has insisted that United should go back in for “world-class” Griezmann in January as he would provide another option going forward, though he explained how Bruno Fernandes could be a potential issue. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE “Listen, we saw at the World Cup what a world-class player he [Griezmann] was,” Robinson told Football Insider. “He was in the conversation for the player of the tournament. He has so much more to give. I wonder where he would play at Man United though because Fernandes plays in that eight role. “Perhaps he could be an alternative to Weghorst or [Anthony] Martial up top. He is a very different style of player but he can play as a nine. Griezmann would be an amazing signing. He is still a world-class player. He is a big player for the big games. If United keep heading the way that they are he would be a very useful signing. It would be a statement signing even though he is at the end of his career. I think he would excite fans a bit more than Weghorst.” DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided Griezmann has had another stellar season in La Liga, scoring six goals and recording six assists so far this campaign. Following his permanent move, he has become a regular starter once again after making a reported cut-price £17m move away from Barcelona. Whether Atletico would be open to selling Griezmann or even if he would consider leaving remains to be seen, though United may instead look for a more traditional number nine instead of the Frenchman. Griezmann has played more in midfield in recent years, while the likes of Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen are headlining United’s shortlist for a new striker in the summer.