Piers Morgan, 57, returned to Twitter after his account was hacked and used the opportunity to hit out Prince Harry after his ITV interview. The TalkTV show host called the Duke of Sussex an "unhappy man", while also labelling him as a "family-trashing halfwit". Piers returned to Twitter with a few words to say about Prince Harry's interview in view of his 8.3 million followers. He said: "Never seen an unhappier ‘happy man’ in my life.  The former Good Morning Britain presenter also shared a picture of British Tits, including a Bearded, Willow and a Great. READ MORE: James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career However, Prince Harry's face had been placed on the picture under the phrase: "Colossal". Piers hinted at his TalkTV show being a "lively show" as he wrote: "I’ll be back on @PiersUncensored tomorrow night… suspect it will be a rather lively show." Harry spoke to ITV's Tom Bradby on Sunday evening about his new autobiography Spare, followed by a stateside chat with Anderson Cooper for CBS. The autobiography is the most anticipated book of the year, due to it's expected revelations about the royal family. Piers' words came after Harry opened up in the interview about some of his most personal thoughts and memories, including the aftermath of his mother Princess Diana's death. He discussed the "post-traumatic stress injury" that he suffered at the age of just 12 after the loss of his mother. He says he suffered “post-traumatic stress injury” rather than post-traumatic stress disorder because he does not have a disorder, and spent years pretending his mother was hiding, rather than dead. Harry said that when he and his brother Prince William walked the same route behind Queen Elizabeth II’s coffin they joked that "at least we know the way", but when his grandmother had "finished life" his mother "was taken away far too young". DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’ [OPINION] Prince Harry slammed by Caroline Flack's agent over 'gross' comments [COMMENT] Sally Field embraces grey hair in rare red carpet appearance [HOLLYWOOD] The Prince has also been slammed by Caroline Flack's former agent for bringing up their past relationship in his memoir after she took her own life in 2020. Publicist Alex Mullen slammed Harry’s remarks as “gross”, as he accused him of revealing details of Caroline’s private life. He said in an Instagram post: "It’s absolutely gross for Prince Harry to reveal such private details about Caroline Flack." Alex continued: "The way in which the press spoke about her at that time and the reason they split is both very sad and it’s disgusting he’s brought up old long-forgotten slurs she had to suffer in full view of the public around the world. "Of course, Caroline reacted to them with humour and grace but privately she was deeply hurt; just the first of many injustices she didn’t deserve. "Harry’s decision to remind all of the terrible things said about her to help sell his appalling book is grotesque," added the creative director. Alex went on to claim the Duke "knows nothing" about Caroline’s reason to take her own life, adding that he had been "blaming the press because that’s what he read about it". He continued: "Perhaps he should be considering how he and Meghan Markle might have caused Queen Elizabeth II pain just as she lost her husband of 70 years and while she was on the path to her final goodbye."