A cabin crew manager from Yorkshire is saving money by renting her mobile phone from musicMagpie instead of buying it outright or signing up to a contract. She said this allows her the flexibility to choose the SIM that’s right for her while she’s travelling and get the best deal on her phone and airtime plan and she thinks it could help others save money during the cost of living crisis.  The cost of living crisis is forcing Britons to look for ways to make savings and one way they could save is on their phone. The savvy shopper has worked out she is saving £139.68 over the course of a year by doing it this way. Lucy Williams said: “I was recently living in Spain and I had a Samsung S21 Ultra. I like to have the latest phones as I use mine a lot and because I travel for work, it’s important to me to have a good camera so I can take pictures from the different destinations I’m in. “When I moved back to the UK, I wanted the same phone but it was so expensive to buy outright and a contract didn’t give me the flexibility to use my own SIM plan – which I’ve found to suit me based on my travelling and the price." READ MORE: Nationwide Start to Save Issue 2 is offering a 5% interest rate  The 38-year-old continued: “I found out about musicMagpie’s rental offering on Facebook and after looking into it, it seemed like the perfect solution for me. Not only am I able to keep my monthly payments down to £33.99, I’m also able to upgrade every year, rather than every two or three years like the standard contracts are now.” "In this day and age when we are upgrading our phones all the time, the phone often gets just thrown in a drawer, or thrown away, and I don’t want that – I want to give it back so that someone else can use it. "It’s just one little thing but if everybody did it, it would mean phones are getting recycled and reused and not ending up in landfill.” Experts at musicMagpie also recommend people have a look for old phones lying around the house this month. DON'T MISSState pension age fear - ‘Wait until 70 and get less cash than today' [WARNING]Pensioners could get an extra income boost up to £183 a week [ALERT]UK vs Europe - how does your pension income compare [INSIGHT]      On average, people could make £842 in January to help ease the cost of living. The quicker someone sells their old handset, the more money they are likely to make, as phones depreciate around 10 percent the month after a new model is released. Jon Miller, Group Chief Commercial Officer at musicMagpie said: “It’s often thought that you need to have a new phone before you think about selling your old iPhone, but the reality is that you should start the trade process long before that by locking in a price - that way, you don’t need your new phone to hand before you get a price for your old one. “Once a new iPhone model launches, other models will begin to depreciate in value, so holding onto your old phone for too long will impact how much cash you can bank. In our 2021 Annual Depreciation Report, we revealed the value of older iPhone models will drop by around 10 percent in the first month after the new model is released and by an average of 23 percent after three months.”   He continued: “If you’re due an upgrade, selling your old iPhone model will help make a considerable dent in the price of your new model - it’s a no-brainer, so don’t wait around while your phone decreases in value.” People often keep hold of their old models and put off selling them due to personal investments, as many fear that precious memories could be lost through the upgrade process. "Luckily, cloud services provided by the likes of Apple and Samsung allow phone users to transfer digital content to their new devices with ease," the expert said.  Meanwhile, a shopping expert has shared seven easy things people can do to save up to £1,500 a year.    Jack Baker from Next Day Delivery revealed how to find discount codes for almost everything so people will never have to pay full price again. Among his advice, Jack recommends browser extensions: "Try a few of them out as different extensions will find different money-saving codes for you as you shop. A 30-second search could save you hundreds and make your money last a little longer." 