Former Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has compared the squabbles in the US Congress over the election of a new Speaker of the House to the "worst nights of Brexit madness." Speaking on TalkTV, Ms Morgan shared her views after hearing the "frustration" of a previous guest, Fox News political commentator Tomi Lahren. Mr McCarthy had been the favourite to replace Nancy Pelosi after the Republicans gained control of the House of Representatives following last November's midterm elections. However, despite six rounds of voting, he has still failed to secure the 218 votes needed to be elected to the role. Baroness Morgan told host Tom Newton Dunn: "I have to say I've been watching some of this going on and it really reminded me of some of the worst nights of the Brexit madness that we saw for three and a half years. "You just have to wonder at which point, and I'm no expert on US politics but given what your interviewee's just said, at what point is Kevin McCarthy going to stand down?  "It appears to be that in one of the rounds he's lost a vote, so he's not gaining, and you could hear in that last interview the frustration in her voice as a committed Republican. "It's fascinating as a politico to watch but very frustrating I guess for all those who just want to get on with having been elected." Speaking earlier in the show Ms Lahren said: "I am frustrated as a Republican, as a conservative, I am very frustrated at this process as we all are entitled to be.  READ MORE: Trump backs Kevin McCarthy as House Speaker to end GOP chaos "However, I will say this: we have a certain amount of time to get our party together and we need to get ready for 2024, because I do not want to see this happen when it comes out our nominee for President and then the election for President." Following a three-hour adjournment for the evening, Mr McCarthy suggested that he did not expect another vote to take place until Thursday. He told reporters: "I think it’s probably best that people work through some more.  DON'T MISS:Farage blasts Sunak over plan to make students study maths until 18 [LATEST]Keir Starmer promises no more big spending in first big speech of 2023 [INSIGHT]Chilling footage from inside doomed Sea World helicopter [VIDEO] "I don’t think a vote tonight does any difference, but I think a vote in the future will." He added that another vote tonight would not be "productive" The House is now taking a vote on whether to adjourn for the day, however it seems the Democrats are attempting to block the motion through the use of a procedural delay tactic. 