Gordon Ramsay, 56, who is a family friend of the Beckhams, defended the 23-year-old’s change of career. Arguing that Brooklyn didn't ask to have famous parents, Gordon suggested it was much harder for the young star, because he has had a high level of intrusion into his life. To date, Brooklyn has changed career three times, and his latest ambition is now to become a successful chef. The star claimed that his Interest in cooking peaked during the lockdown and has since starred in his online cookery Series called Cookin’ with Brooklyn. The series saw the young, aspiring chef hire a 62-person crew which cost a staggering $100,000 to film him just making a sandwich. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies Brooklyn came under fire recently for teaching his followers how to make a £300 joint of beef which was branded 'raw', a bacon buttie, and a gin and tonic. But Gordon has been unwavering in his defence of the Beckham family’s eldest child, despite his many career changes. He told MailOnline: “Everyone needs to pipe down and the more chefs there are in the mix, the better. “Brooklyn has grown up with my kids and is the son of dear friends of ours. I haven't seen the video of his supposedly 'raw' beef.” “But even as a 12-year-old, whilst playing football, Brooklyn was always excited about food. “So I'm pleased that he's gone down that road and he's found something he really enjoys doing.” Gordon concluded: “It's hard, isn't it? Because he didn't ask for that level of intrusion from having famous parents. “It probably came off a certain way, but it's not his fault. So I have no issues against it. I'm excited. We have another chef joining the mix.” DONT MISS: James Jordan left speechless as Ola parades around in red lingerie Harry mocks William’s hair but Harry will be bald very soon Prince Harry wore Tom Hardy's Mad Max costume for incognito night out Other bumps in his newfound career include Brooklyn appearing on a US programme where he shared his recipe for an English breakfast which he claimed he learned from his great grandma.   He also shared a dubious recipe for a bagel sandwich with a hash brown, coleslaw, and fried sea bream for his online cooking series.   Before Brooklyn switched careers for a third time and decided to become a chef, he first tried to follow in his father David’s footsteps and focused on becoming a footballer.   He won a place at the Arsenal youth academy, but the club released him at the age of 16 as they felt that there were other players with more potential at the academy. Brooklyn then switched careers and focused on becoming a photographer and won a place at the prestigious Parsons School of Design in New York where he embarked on a degree in photography.   During his time at college Brooklyn managed to publish a book on photography entitled What I See and to secure a photography campaign for Burberry.   Critics slammed Burberry’s decision to use the inexperienced photographer at the time and many claimed he had won the campaign due to nepotism.