Former Masters champion Yan Bingtao is one of six players charged with match-fixing in the probe that has rocked snooker. And all ten Chinese players who were suspended by World Snooker in the biggest match-fixing investigation in the sport’s history have now had charges brought against them. Yan, barred from last week’s Masters at Alexandra Palace, is charged with fixing a match or matches along with compatriots Lu Ning, Zhang Jiankang, Chen Zifan, Chang Bingyu and Zhao Jianbo. Former UK champion and world No.9 Zhao Xintong, the most high profile player embroiled in the investigation, has been charged with ‘being concerned with fixing matches and betting on snooker.’ And ex-English Open winner Liang Wenbo, the first player suspended in the probe, has been charged with 'being concerned in fixing matches and approaching players to fix matches, and seeking to obstruct the investigation'. The WPBSA governing body released their list of charges on Wednesday morning after the investigation put a dark cloud over the prestigious Masters tournament, won by Judd Trump on Sunday. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal after Masters victory And an independent disciplinary tribunal is now set to take place in March with verdicts and possible sanctions set to be made on each individual case. The full list released by the WPBSA details the charges brought against all the sidelined snooker stars. The statement read: “Following a detailed investigation by the WPBSA Integrity Unit, working closely with Sportradar, the WPBSA has decided that ten snooker players have a case to answer in respect of the following alleged breaches of the WPBSA Conduct Regulations. “Liang Wenbo has been charged with being concerned in fixing matches and approaching players to fix matches on the World Snooker Tour, seeking to obstruct the investigation and failing to cooperate with the WPBSA investigation. “Li Hang has been charged with being concerned in fixing matches and approaching players to fix matches on the World Snooker Tour, seeking to obstruct the investigation and betting on snooker matches. DON'T MISS:Mark Williams wanted BBC snooker commentator to 'shut up' during Ronnie O'Sullivan winRonnie O'Sullivan labelled snooker GOAT by Mark Williams despite Masters loss to WelshmanMasters snooker tournament disrupted as wasp lands on Mark Williams' genitals  “Lu Ning has been charged with fixing a match and being concerned in fixing matches and approaching a player to fix a match on the World Snooker Tour, seeking to obstruct the investigation and betting on snooker matches. “Yan Bingtao has been charged with fixing matches on the World Snooker Tour and betting on snooker. Zhao Xintong has been charged with being concerned in fixing matches on the World Snooker Tour and betting on snooker. “Zhang Jiankang has been charged with fixing a match on the World Snooker Tour, failing to report approaches for him to fix matches and betting on snooker matches. Chen Zifan has been charged with fixing matches on the World Snooker Tour. “Chang Bingyu and Zhao Jianbo have each been charged with fixing a match on the World Snooker Tour. Bai Langning has been charged with being concerned in fixing a match on the World Snooker Tour.”   The charges brought to young superstars Yan and Zhao, in particular, will send shockwaves through snooker on a dark day for fans of the sport, with the duo widely tipped to become future world champions. And the saga could continue to dominate the headlines off the table before the World Championship gets under way at the Crucible in April. The WPBSA statement confirmed: “The players are currently suspended from attending and competing on the World Snooker Tour and in other WPBSA governed events until the conclusion of the hearing or hearings and the determination of this matter. "This matter will be referred to a formal hearing before an Independent Disciplinary Tribunal that will take place at a venue and on a date to be confirmed."