Prince Harry has revealed how psychedelic drugs helped him deal with his grief and trauma following the death of his late mother, Princess Diana, in 1997. In a new interview used to publicise his memoir Spare, which was released last week, Harry revealed that he had taken cocaine, cannabis and the hallucinogenic drugs, Ayahuasca and magic mushrooms. All of which are illegal in the UK. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Telegraph, Harry said it was only after taking ayahuasca, a hallucinogenic, that he realised it did not matter that he had not cried and that his late mother just wanted him to be happy. He said: “After taking ayahuasca with the proper people... I suddenly realised – wow! – it’s not about the crying. She [Diana] wants me to be happy. So this weight off my chest was not the need to cry, it was the acceptance and realisation that she has gone, but that she wants me to be happy and that she’s very much present in my life". Harry told the paper that as he got older, his elder brother Prince William “went completely silent and completely shut down” after their mother’s death. The Duke's admission to using illegal drugs is one of many revelations in his new book, Spare, which was released on January 10. In the interview, Harry suggested that he is sure that the Royal Family would thank him in a few years for talking so openly about trauma, although the may cause upset now. READ MORE:Prince Harry's concerned for young children in Royal Family over future: 'same as Meghan The Duke of Sussex has revealed that he has enough material to write another book. He also revealed to The Telegraph that he held back from disclosing some information as the King and the Prince of Wales may not forgive him if they were made public. The 38-year-old noted that a lot of the detail that was eventually edited out concerned interactions with the King and William. Speaking to Ms Gordon, Harry discussed that the original transcript for Spare was twice the length, compared to the final draft, mostly due to the information that he felt he had to leave out. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson pens moving tribute to her 'devoted friend' Lisa Marie Presley Harry claimed that it was originally 800 pages, but it had to be put down to 400 pages. The 38-year-old claimed that it was "hard" taking things out. Prince Harry's book was originally set for release in 'late 2022', although no official release date was announced. The release date of January 10, 2023 was announced to the world in October 2022. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down as senior royals in 2020. The couple revealed their plans in January 2020, and completed their final engagement as senior royals in the March of that year. The couple, along with their two children Archie and Lilibet, are now based in the US.