Noye – a killer and one of Britain’s most dangerous criminals – said he would give evidence on oath to help the scandal-stricken Met Police restore its reputation. Now on parole after serving 20 years for murder, he said: “Most officers are c­orruptible. Some might need money, some love and others a car. About 15 percent of the Metropolitan Police force is corrupt.” Noye, 75 – who also served time for his role in the 1983 Brink’s-Mat gold bullion robbery – spent decades as a police ­informant and had alleged links to dozens of corrupt officers. He said hearing testimony from those involved in the corruption is the best way to prevent it in the future. Noye, who features in the forthcoming BBC drama The Gold about the £26million Brink’s-Mat heist, added that policing today “is better than the 70s and 80s”. He wants criminals and corrupt officers who operated before 2000 to be granted immunity to speak candidly about their actions at an inquiry. The crook said: “You’ll never get to the truth because no one wants to go to jail. If you want to understand corruption you must talk about it without the risk of prosecution.”  Noye said in his day officers would “turn a blind eye, they might lose files, find ­evidence, lose evidence”. He claimed villains bought their way out of prosecution for serious crimes by handing over 10 percent of their ill-gotten gains to corrupt officers. He said: “Back in the 70s, a minor crime would be ­disappeared or resolved with a £1,000 or £1,500 bung, but if it was a big job you are talking much more. “Then, a grand was a lot of money. There was a lot of fitting up and a lot of money given to keep out of jail. If you were lifted for an armed robbery that pulled half a million, you might have to pay £50,000.” He spoke to Donal MacIntyre and Karl Howman who wrote about his road rage knife murder of Stephen Cameron on the M25 in 1996 – and subsequent years on the run in Spain. Noye – then Britain’s most wanted criminal – was traced and tried in 1998. 