The Teenage Cancer Trust is kicking off five days of monumental shows at London's Royal Albert Hall this March. Beginning on March 20, the charity event will see the likes of Underworld, Wet Leg and Kasabian hit the hallowed stage, as well as a few other acts - scroll down for a full list. Tickets come out this week but act fast as they're sure to run out fast. Tickets for Teenage Cancer Trust's Royal Albert Hall shows come out Friday, February 3, 2023, at 9:30am. Tickets will be available at a number of online ticket retailers. Be sure to stay tuned to Express.co.uk on where you can grab tickets this week. The shows will span five days, beginning on Monday, March 20 and ending on Saturday, March 25. Scroll down for a full list of Teenage Cancer Trust at the Royal Albert Hall line-up. The line-up has, once again, been put together by The Who's Roger Daltrey and his team. The star is an honorary patron for the charity, and the "mastermind" behind the gigs. He said of this year's shows: "The generosity of the people who work in the music and comedy industries never ceases to amaze me. In this, our 21st year, after two years of artists having no shows at all, at a time where the only certain paydays are from live performances, artists are willing to give up their earnings from a London show. It shows us that miracles are everywhere, but if you cough or sneeze you'd miss them! I'm happy to announce the Royal Albert Hall week for Teenage Cancer Trust!" The first show of the Spring series is being headlined by British band Underworld. Scroll up for a full list of Teenage Cancer Trust at the Royal Albert Hall line-up. The Underworld duo, Rick Smith and Karl Hyde, said: "It's such an honour and a delight and it's just really f***ing great to be performing for the wonderful Teenage Cancer Trust at the Royal Albert Hall on March 20th." Teenage Cancer Trust's Chief Executive, Katie Collins, said: "These amazing gigs and their fantastic lineups help us change lives. Because of Roger, the artists, the teams who make these gigs possible and everyone who buys a ticket, we can make sure young people don’t face cancer alone and continue to provide the vital, expert care and support that is crucial for young people with cancer." The legendary charity events have become renowned for hosting such incredible moments as Paul McCartney playing alongside Daltrey, Ronnie Wood and Paul Weller for a rendition of The Beatles song Get Back. Buy Teenage Cancer Trust at the Royal Albert Hall tickets here.