Manchester United have been handed a double injury boost ahead of Friday night’s FA Cup clash with Everton. Antony has returned to training for the Red Devils, while Diogo Dalot is now fully fit again after a hamstring injury. Both players will be hoping to start as the Red Devils look to continue their improvement since Erik ten Hag’s appointment. Manchester United will go up against Everton as a team very much in form. The Red Devils have won 13 of their last 16 matches across all competitions and, since the World Cup in Qatar, have overcome the likes of Burnley, Nottingham Forest, Wolves and Bournemouth. Next up for United is Everton who, contrastingly, are stuck in a rut with pressure mounting on Frank Lampard’s shoulders. The Toffees were woeful on Tuesday night as they lost 4-1 to Brighton at Goodison Park, with fans turning on the players in the aftermath. And, unfortunately for Everton, United have been handed a double boost as they look to book their place in the fourth round of the FA Cup. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Antony is back training with United, with the Brazil international missing the 3-0 win over Bournemouth earlier in the week. With the player’s form iffy - he’s failed to score or assist from his last 12 outings for club and country - it’s possible he’ll start as Ten Hag looks to get the winger back to his best. The forward may come in in place of Donny van de Beek, who was forced out of the win over the Cherries on Tuesday. But it’s also possible that Ten Hag will leave Antony on the bench, especially given Alejandro Garnacho’s eye-catching cameo earlier in the week. Another boost for the Red Devils is the return of Dalot, too. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The Portugal international came off the bench against Bournemouth, having now recovered from a hamstring injury. And with Dalot previously a regular under Ten Hag, ahead of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, he’ll be aiming to get into the team at right-back. United and Everton have met once already this season, with the Red Devils winning 2-1 at Goodison Park. The Toffees took the lead through Alex Iwobi, whose stunning effort sailed beyond the reach of David De Gea and into the top corner. But goals from Antony and Cristiano Ronaldo gave United all three points, boosting their chances of finishing in the top four in the process. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One player who Everton want to sign, meanwhile, is Anthony Elanga. The United star was a shining light under Ralf Rangnick last term, winning the German round with his positive attitude and application. Yet Ten Hag, when quizzed on Elanga potentially leaving on loan, suggested he’d prefer to keep the Sweden international. "I know we have good players and I know a lot of clubs will have an interest in players who aren't playing for us so often,” he said. “But we need the squad. “We need depth in the squad and especially, I would say, the frontline." United and Everton last faced off in the FA Cup back in 2016. And the Red Devils reigned supreme at Wembley, with Anthony Martial scoring a dramatic late winner to propel Louis van Gaal’s side through to the final.