Cleaning oven racks can be tricky, especially if you have multiple levels or a big oven. However, keeping them clean is crucial when it comes to hygiene as it can help to get rid of sticky grime as well as baked-on grease. Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to share top tips on cleaning oven trays. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Laura Fitzmaurice wrote: “This is a picture of my oven rack which we use to grill food, but it looks like it is going rusty. “Could it be safe? Has anyone got any ideas on how to clean it?” Attached to the post were two photos of the trays which had baked-on grime as well as rust particles. Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share top tips on making them shine. Melissa Stevens wrote: “Soak it in the bath with a dishwasher tablet if you have any. If not, soap pads are really good and cheap to buy.” The metal racks will react with the cleansing agent, helping to dislodge any grime as well as remove any germs. READ MORE: Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ Dishwasher tablets can be purchased from various different retailers, with budget supermarket Lidl selling 40 for just £3.19. Others recommended using Oven Pride, an all-in-one cleaning system which helps to tackle tough grease and burnt-on food. Jo Connelly commented: “Best thing I’ve found is Oven Pride’s oven cleaner.” Sheila Tatum wrote: “Oven Pride. You put the shelf in a bag overnight and clean with a soap pad in the morning, comes up like new.” DON'T MISS:10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [COMMENT]Pruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT]Easy banana peel method to ‘provide an advantage’ to rose plants [EXPLAINER] Gemma Little added: “I agree with all of these comments, no scrubbing required. Oven Pride really is a miracle cleaner, dissolves grease and grime like you wouldn’t believe.” It works by placing racks and grills in the Oven Pride bag along with the solution provided and waiting for it to work. Oven Pride can be purchased from several retailers including Tesco for £3.49. As well as the racks, oven doors can get dirty too from any food splash backs as well as from the high temperatures inside the oven. READ MORE: Six garden flowers to plant now for a ‘fruitful’ spring The post was inundated with more than 300 comments from Mrs Hinch fans with cleaning solutions, with many suggesting a dishwasher tablet hack. Allie Helms commented: “Mine was like that and I sprayed it down with Elbow Grease and used a dishwasher tablet on it. You leave the spray on it for five to 10 minutes and then go over with the tablet. “You have to keep rinsing the tablet in hot water as it gets a film of grease while cleaning so definitely keep rinsing it. My oven was done in 10 minutes, I’ve got all my lovely family and friends doing it now.” Natasha Kerkslake added: “Washing up tablet you use for the dishwasher and hot water. “Boil the kettle and use the combination to clean the glass. It works amazing.” Lisa Roberts replied: “I love using the dishwasher tablet cleaning hack, so cheap, so easy and game-changing at the same time.” The hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface which helps to remove any stains. They are also gentle enough not to scratch the glass This means each oven cleaning door session will cost around 8p. Sue Saunders wrote: “Dishwasher hack so budget-friendly!”