Jeremy Renner suffered major chest trauma and was airlifted to hospital after accidentally being run over by a snowplough on New Year's Day. The Marvel actor is now said to be home after the traumatic incident left him in critical condition. The Mayor of Kingstown star, 52, announced on Monday night that he made it home in time to watch the season two airing of his crime drama after he was nearly crushed to death by his 14,330-pound snowplough. The update comes as the actor shared the news via a promotional tweet for the series which aired on Monday. The small-screen star said to his 6.1 million followers: "Outside my brain fog in recovery, I was very excited to watch episode 201 with my family at home." Jeremy was inundated with messages of support following the good news. READ MORE: Ageless Jane Fonda exercises in tracksuit after positive cancer update Twitter user, Sanjukta wrote: "Fantastic news. You are at home, released from hospital then. This Tweet is just so sweet and humble rarely do you see a star share casual moments like this. Get well soon." Sherri tweeted: "Of course you were, it was positively amazing, being at home with the most precious people to us is where we always want to experience our accomplishments. We are still praying for you everyday and will continue to do so. Much Love to you and your family." Clara added: "So pleased to hear that you are finding such moments of joy! May you have many many more… Wishing all the love and thoughts for an excellent recovery. Everyone is with you!" The two-time Oscar nominee rushed by his own 6,500kg snow plough outside his Nevada ranch on New Year's Day. He was hit by his "PistenBully" plough that started rolling by itself as he tried to clear paths of snow for a relative's vehicle on a road near Lake Tahoe. He later shared a selfie from his hospital bed after the accident saying and he was "too messed up" to type. An emergency call log revealed how the right side of his chest had collapsed and described the actor as being "completely crushed". The actor is reportedly aware of the extent of his injuries but has a long road to recovery, with pals reportedly saying it could take up to two years before he is back in fighting shape. DON'T MISS... Jonnie Irwin says it's 'bl**dy hard' in update amid cancer battle[LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley said she had ‘a lot to do still' before death[US]Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards[ROYALS] "It's much worse than anyone knows. Jeremy is very aware of the fact that he almost died out there," a source told RadarOnline. "The right side of Jeremy's chest was crushed, and his upper torso had collapsed. He also had a bad head wound that was bleeding and a leg injury." "Word is the damage to Jeremy's chest was so substantial it had to be reconstructed in surgery." Emergency services had to airlift the television star to the hospital were he later underwent surgery on January 2 to place metal pins around his legs, along with chest surgery. "So far, he's had two surgeries and he will likely require more in the weeks ahead on his leg. Doctors tend to space out operations to allow time for the body's natural healing process to kick in, and that's the case here," the source continued. "Jeremy was in a lot of pain, and was having difficulty breathing. He knew he was in bad shape and that he might not make it out of this." A few days following the accident, Jeremy took a selfie showing notable bruises on his face with the caption: "Thank you all for your kind words. I'm too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all." Express.co.uk has contacted Jeremy Renner's representatives for comment.