Manchester United insiders reportedly feel that Marcus Rashford’s agent meeting with Paris Saint-Germain last season was ‘ill-advised’. The England international is flourishing at Old Trafford so far this season, with a new contract in the offing. United have progressed significantly under Erik ten Hag, with their 2-1 victory over Manchester City over the weekend indicating that they should be considered outsiders to win the Premier League. Following an opener from Jack Grealish, United hit back with late goals from Bruno Fernandes and Rashford. The latter has been instrumental in Ten Hag’s rebuild of the Red Devils, thriving under the Dutchman and appearing to fall back in love with his football. The forward has scored eight and assisted three in 19 Premier League appearances so far this season, providing much-needed No 9 cover in the early stages of the campaign. Though it has been a very sudden turn of events for the 25-year-old, with his agent – and brother – Dwaine Maynard meeting with PSG in August to discuss his future. According to Manchester Evening News, those close to the player felt it was ‘ill-advised’. PSG are long-term admirers of Rashford and monitoring his contract situation closely, with his current deal expiring in 2024. United are set to offer the versatile forward a new contract in the near future which will see him on new and improved terms. However, Ten Hag’s introduction of a ‘wage cap’ could cause the academy product to weigh up whether he would like to earn a more significant salary elsewhere. The former Ajax boss wants all of his players to take home a maximum of £200,000 per week to prevent a culture of jealousy from growing in his changing room. The news comes after Cristiano Ronaldo saw his contract terminated at the Theatre of Dreams. United made special exceptions to welcome the Portugal international back to the club, though hindsight showed that this was not the wisest of decisions. PSG would certainly be willing to better whatever contract offer United put on the table for Rashford and it would be no real surprise to see them make the forward one of the highest-paid players in world football. Those negotiations would have to take place at the end of next year when he would become a free agent, with United not willing to entertain offers for their No 10 knowing that it could derail their chances of club progression.