Daniil Medvedev has admitted that he is disappointed not to be representing his country at the United Cup ahead of this month's Australian Open in Melbourne. Russian athletes are banned from competing in the team event as a result of their nation's ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which means that Medvedev will instead be starting his 2023 campaign at the ATP 250 tournament in Adelaide. Medvedev and his fellow Russians were also prevented from taking part in Wimbledon last year after organisers decided to ban players from the country in a highly controversial turn of events due to the military situation in Ukraine. The 26-year-old has since revealed that he would like to be playing in the United Cup but insisted that he remains determined to excel in the individual events as he prepares for the Australian Open."I would definitely prefer to play the United Cup," said Medvedev. "We would definitely be good favourites, but it is what it is and I’m happy to be here in Adelaide playing in this tournament."I completely understand why we are not playing Davis Cup or United Cup and team competitions where we would represent our country. Hopefully, I can play the individual events. I play what I can play, so here I can play Adelaide, and I’m really happy about it. I want to show my best tennis." JUST IN: Australian Open chief speaks out amid claims tournament could be moved Medvedev could be on course to go up against Novak Djokovic in the singles tournament in Adelaide, with both players in the same half of the draw to throw up the possibility of a rematch of the US Open final back in 2021."I’m motivated to be in the [Adelaide] semis and if it’s Novak there, it’s great," he added. "If it’s somebody else who beats him, I don’t care much. I just want to be in the semi-finals to start, and I don’t care who I play. "I feel like everybody is a little bit nervous, and that’s normal. This feeling of the first tournament of the year is really special. I like playing in Australia, so really looking forward to it."Medvedev will be hoping to go far at the Australian Open in the first Grand Slam of the new year, which is expected to get underway in Melbourne on January 16. However, it seems as though Rafael Nadal will go in as the pre-tournament favourite after winning last year's edition, although Djokovic will also be looking to make a splash as he prepares to take part for the first time since claiming the top honours in 2021. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.