A senior Islamic State group official, alongside 10 other terrorist operatives, have been killed by US special operations forces in a helicopter raid, two senior administration officials from the Biden administration said on Thursday. The operation targeted Bilal al-Sudani, a key financial facilitator for the global terrorist organisation, in a mountainous cave complex. No civilians were injured or killed in the operation, Pentagon officials said, though one American involved in the operation was bitten by a military dog, according to an administration official. The presence of al-Sudani in Somalia appears to confirm suspicions that ISIS had been running elements of their central command from eastern African in an attempt to establish a "growing presence" on the continent.     United States Africa Command said the US military had “conducted a successful counterterrorism operation in Somalia” on Wednesday, in a news release published the following day. Defense Secretary Lloyd J. Austin III said in a statement on Thursday: “Al-Sudani was responsible for fostering the growing presence of ISIS in Africa and for funding the group’s operations worldwide, including in Afghanistan.” US forces had intended to capture al-Sudani, according to one US official, but that did not prove to be “feasible” as the operation was carried out. Mr Austin added: “This action leaves the United States and its partners safer and more secure, and it reflects our steadfast commitment to protecting Americans from the threat of terrorism at home and abroad.”    Bilal al-Sudani was described as “a key operative and facilitator for ISIS’s global network” by a senior US administration official. A second official said al-Sudani was involved in funding a network of Islamic State affiliates around the world, especially in Afghanistan and Africa. While Somalia is better known as a harbour for Al Shabab, a terrorism group with links to Al Qaeda, ISIS attacks have been growing in number across Africa in recent years. The senior ISIS leader had been designated as a terrorist by the US Treasury Department in 2012 for helping foreign fighters travel to an al-Shabaab training camp and facilitating financing. READ MORE: Shamima Begum shares story of how she joined ISIS in BBC podcast [REVEAL]   President Joe Biden was briefed last week about the proposed mission, which came together after months of planning. He gave final approval to carry out the operation this week, according to two officials who briefed reporters on the operation on the condition of anonymity. US officials provided scant details about how the operation was carried out or the circumstances surrounding al-Sudani's killing. The operation signifies the continuation of US President Joe Biden’s strategy to counter terrorist threats through “over-the-horizon” operations, including strikes. DON'T MISS: Nigerian jihadis carry out bloody massacre of 33 ISIS brides [REPORT] ISIS trial chaos after jihadists claim ‘abuse’ by Brussels police [REVEAL] Kurdish warn Turkish invasion of Syria could set ISIS prisoners free [REPORT]   On October 6 last year, US forces announced that they had killed two top ISIS leaders in Syria using an airstrike. Abu ‘Ala, one of the top five ISIS leaders and the deputy leader of ISIS in Syria, as well as Abu Mu’Ad al-Qahtani, an ISIS official responsible for prisoner affairs, were killed in the strikes, according to officials. And Wednesday’s operation comes days after Africa Command said it had conducted a collective self-defence strike northeast of Mogadishu, the capital, near Galcad. In that incident, Somalia National Army forces were engaged in heavy fighting following an extended and intense attack by more than 100 al-Shabab fighters. The US estimated approximately 30 al-Shabab fighters were killed in that operation. The offensive by Somalian forces against al-Shabab has been described as the most significant in more than a decade. READ NEXT: Islamic State leader killed while 'fighting the enemies of God''Barber shop owner sent £25k to Islamic state fighters after Covid'Ten years since IS kidnap of British journalist John CantlieBritish filmmaker meets man who ran ISIS favourite smoothie barWoman faces 20 years after teaching girls to use 'suicide vests'  