Vogue cover girl Tatjana Patitz, who rose to fame as one of the top supermodels of the 1980s and 1990s, has died at the age of 56. The catwalk star's agent at the Model CoOp in New York City confirmed the sad news on Wednesday, according to reports. The cause of the supermodel's death has not yet been reported. The Hamburg born beauty was best known for her work with Vogue as well as her starring role in the George Michael music video Freedom from 1990 with pals Cindy Crawford, Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington. She shared her final Instagram post in August 2022 uploading a sweet picture of her dog. Vogue magazine was the first to break the news of the supermodel's death. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' "Tatjana was always the European symbol of chic, like Romy Schneider-meets-Monica Vitti," remembered Anna Wintour, chief content officer of Condé Nast and global editorial director of Vogue. "She was far less visible than her peers—more mysterious, more grown-up, more unattainable—and that had its own appeal." The Peter Lindbergh Foundation wrote: "We are deeply saddened by the passing of Tatjana Patitz, a long-time friend of Peter’s. We would like to salute Tatjana’s kindness, inner beauty and outstanding intelligence. "Our thoughts go to her loved ones and particularly Jonah. She will be immensely missed." Fans also took to social media to offer their condolences, as Michael wrote: "Thank you, Tatjana Patitz, for showing us a way." Mel penned: "A true beauty gone too soon. RIP Tatjana Patitz." Robert Norgarrd added: "Can’t believe Tatjana Patitz is gone! One of the first Supermodels. R.I.P." Tatjana was born in Hamburg to an Estonian mother and German father and the family later moved to Skanör in Sweden. DON'T MISS... Shirley Bassey puts on youthful display to celebrate birthday[LATEST]Drew Barrymore pulls silly face as she shows off youthful looks[PICTURES]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner skips Golden Globes as he flees home[AWARDS] In 1983 at the age of 17 she entered an Elite Model Contest in Stockholm where she placed third in Sweden. The prize was a trip to Paris and a limited-time contract. She went on to model for Versace and Chanel, often appearing in print ads and on runways. Tatjana was also on many magazine covers for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar and Marie Claire. She had starred in the film for Duran Duran's song Skin Trade, and even tried her hand at making movies, featuring as a murder victim in 1993 Sean Connery flick Rising Sun. The cover girl also appeared in George Michael's iconic Freedom music video alongside models including Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Christy Turlington and Linda Evangelista. Tatjana previously said that the Freedom! ’90s music video "represents an era in pop culture, and it was at the height of the early 90’s when the fashion, film and music industries blended together". "MTV was huge at the time with all the incredible music videos. I became more recognisable in a different way I think," she added, in an interview with MailOnline in 2020. 