Tesco shoppers have reportedly started to boycott one supermarket item section "on principle" after noticing an immense price hike. One disappointed shopper, in particular, took to online forum Reddit to ask if others had noticed the price change too. Shoppers who enjoyed buying the bakery products such as flapjack bites, chocolate cornflakes clusters or millionaire bites said they were a lot more expensive now. Before, they claimed you could get any two of these items for £1 but Tesco reportedly increased prices to £1.50 for two and eventually sold sets of two for £2. At the moment, according to Tesco's website, these items are now priced at £2.25 each. However, shoppers insist they were two for £1 before, reports Yorkshire Live. Taking to Reddit, a user, u/GamerGuyAlly, wrote in r/AskUK: "Me and my partner used to get two for £1 bakery products at Tesco. You could get mini flapjacks, rice krispie cakes, cornflake cakes... you know the one. "It went up to £1.50 and eventually we stopped when it hit 2 for £2 because 2 for £2 seemed extortionate when we used to get 2 for half that price. The other day, we went into Tesco and fancied some as we hadn't had any in years." They added: "We went to the bakery section...£2...each. It's not like I can't afford them, but it's the principle."  Other shoppers mentioned the more expensive Tesco meal deal (£3.40 instead of £3) as well as the price of butter, chocolates and bakery items at other supermarkets across the country. Over the past few months many businesses say they were forced to increase their prices due to factors such as Russians invasion of Ukraine, the pandemic, soaring production costs, Brexit and energy prices. It comes after Tesco boss John Allan said that the company had “fallen out with suppliers” over price rises and was trying “very hard to challenge cost increases”. The retailer was caught up in rows with Heinz and Mars Petcare last year over proposed price increases, leading to the sale of some products being halted in stores. When approached about the rising cost of bakery items, a Tesco spokesperson said the firm "regularly changes offers and promotions". 