New misconduct statistics released by the Home Office show almost 50,000 complaints were filed against police officers in England and Wales in the year to March 2022, with failure to act as the most common allegation. But Express.co.uk data analysis has revealed that the figures also show an uneven spread of complaints across the country, with Surrey Police emerging as the worst offender.  England and Wales are divided into 43 Police Force Areas (PFAs) – Scotland and Northern Ireland each bearing devolved powers to operate their own national police force. The Home Office data show the Metropolitan Police registered more complaints than any other service (6,303) during the year to March 31 – although this was to be expected given London’s constabulary counts almost a quarter of the country’s officers among its ranks. When complaints statistics are compared to the size or workload of the force in question, the results are far more revealing. In more ways than one, Surrey Police stands apart. The Guildford-headquartered force was alone in receiving a higher number of complaints towards officers than it had in its employ. At 2,243 complaints throughout a year during which its workforce numbered 2,121, the rate per police officer was found to be higher than anywhere else. Surrey Police also reported more complaints per crime handled and the third-highest rate of complaints per population under their watch.   Surrey Police’s Professional Standards Department follows the same rules for complaint handling as every other force, as set out by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). The explanation does not lie in differing complaint recording methods. Mirroring the national picture, data from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Surrey show the majority of complaints related to inaction following a report or investigation. Service was found to be unacceptable in four percent of cases, and 0.1 percent of proceedings against an officer resulted in a misconduct finding. So is there reason for Surrey Police to be especially unable to take appropriate action? According to the Office for National Statistics’ latest Crime Survey for England and Wales, there were 71,327 recorded crimes in the Surrey PFA during the year to June. Relative to population, Surrey has the fourth-lowest crime rate of all, at 59 per 1,000 residents – far lower than the 100 average. Surrey is not an especially crime-ridden area. If an overwhelmingly high prevalence of crime is not to blame, perhaps a lack of funding or available officers is putting more strain on Surrey Police than others. The Government allocated £13.7billion to Police and Crime Commissioners in England and Wales for the 2021/22 financial year. Of this, £261million went to the Surrey PCC. This works out to £218 per head – only slightly below the £240 average (excluding the City of London) and higher than 23 other forces – suggesting Surrey Police isn’t uniquely underfunded. The number of crimes reported per police officer in Surrey Police was well-below the country average at 34 crimes a head relative to a mean of 41 – suggesting Surrey Police officers are also not uniquely overworked.  The 2021/22 report for Surrey Police shows force performance was found to be “Good” or “Outstanding” in four of the ten assessment areas, including preventing crime, investigating crime and treatment of the public. The report states: “The force has effective governance in place to understand its crime demand and is working hard to provide enough resources to make thorough and timely investigations.” Summarising the findings, HM Inspector of Constabulary Roy Wilsher said: “I congratulate Surrey Police on its performance in keeping people safe and reducing crime, although it needs to improve in some areas to provide a consistently good service.” DON'T MISS:Oxford councillors receive deluge of death threats over climate [LATEST]Sadiq Khan ‘falsely & dishonestly’ manipulated results of car usage [INSIGHT]Health Secretary slammed for ‘pitting nurses against patients’ [REPORT]Inflation rate in the UK drops to 10.5% [BREAKING]   Perhaps, then, it is a matter of public dissatisfaction with the police work carried out. A national YouGov poll conducted between February 26 and 28 found almost half of all Brits had little or no faith in the police’s ability to tackle local crime. Public confidence in the police has clearly been shaken. One complainant, a school teacher, told Express.co.uk she had lodged two complaints with Surrey Police over a period of two years about their handling of her case of harassment, stalking and sexual abuse at the hands of her former partner. She said: “I don’t see a single victim of crime who has had a success story, so to speak, from Surrey Police. I don’t quite know what they do." One of her complaints centred on a rape allegation she had brought to the force, who she says dropped the matter “overnight” after the accused gave a no-comment interview. She added: “It’s completely pointless to make complaints about Surrey Police, completely pointless."   According to the latest Home Office figures on crime outcomes, recorded crime in England and Wales hit an historic high of 6.5 million offences in the year to June 2022, while the proportion of cases solved by police fell to its lowest on record. Just 5.4 percent of all crimes ended in a charge during the year – down from 15.5 percent when records began seven years ago. Between January and March 2022 – the final three months during which the complaint data applies – the median number of days from offence recorded to a police charge in cases where there is a specific individual victim was 53. In Surrey, it took 92 days. During the same quarter, 6,589 police investigations into crimes with specific individual victims in Surrey were closed because no suspect had been identified. This represented just under half (47 percent) of all cases – three points higher than the 44 percent national average. Commenting on the misconduct figures, Surrey Police said: “We are aware that our data shows that we receive a high rate of complaints per officer. We are also aware that the Surrey public quite rightly has high expectations of its police force. We would always encourage people to report complaints and any dissatisfaction they may have with the service they receive so that it can be fully investigated and dealt with appropriately. “We consider the high number of complaints we receive to be a positive indicator of the confidence the Surrey public has in us to address and resolve their concerns fairly and appropriately. All complaints we receive are treated seriously and thoroughly reviewed to determine whether further action is required.” Conservative Lisa Townsend has been Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner since May 2021. In response to the latest figures, she said in a comment to Express.co.uk: “My office has been in detailed discussion with Surrey Police following the understandable concerns that the public may have following the national news this week. “There is no place for misogyny or abuse of any type in Surrey Police and I have been clear with the Force that I have the highest expectations of our police officers. “I am pleased that Surrey Police have rigorous processes in place to discourage all forms of behaviour that fall below the standards we have of every officer, and I am confident that all cases of misconduct are carried out with the utmost seriousness when an allegation is made either externally or internally. The latest quarterly data from the IOPC to last September shows a reduction in complaint cases against police officers in Surrey. “However it is important to note that while every case is taken seriously, the total number of complaints received relates to a wide variety of themes. Many complaint cases are resolved to the satisfaction of the complainant. “My office continues to play an important role in scrutinising the Force in all areas of performance, including regular meetings with Surrey Police’s Professional Standards Team and the IOPC. This includes identifying trends and working to improve the timeliness and quality of the service that every complaint receives.”   In the year to March 31 2022, 48,979 complaints towards police officers were finalised across all Professional Standards Departments in England and Wales, according to the Home Office. Many complaints contain more than one allegation, of which there were 115,235 in total. Credible and serious allegations are recorded and handled under Schedule 3 of the Police Reform Act 2002. Just over three-quarters – 87,786 allegations – were dealt with in this way. The IOPC – the complaints watchdog responsible for collating the data, investigating the most serious incidents and upholding standards – categorises allegations by nature. Their breakdown shows allegations relating to “Police action following contact” accounted for the largest share, at 18 percent (15,828) of the whole. This was followed by “General level of service” at 13 percent (11,424) and “Use of force” at 12 percent. Only a fraction of complaints lead to disciplinary action – just 158 allegations resulting in a referral to proceedings over the year. The vast majority of behavioural shortcomings were either deemed to not require any action at all (89 percent) or trigger simple review or learning processes (11 percent). Misconduct is characterised as a breach of the Standards of Professional Behaviour – ten tenets all officers are bound to abide by, including that officers are “diligent in the exercise of their duties and responsibilities.” Misconduct was found in 78 cases, while gross misconduct – a breach that is “so serious as to justify dismissal” – was found in 38 cases. Nine actively serving police officers were dismissed.