Julius Caesar was warned to "beware the ides of March" when the knives would be plunged into his back but for Rishi Sunak it is more of a May day alert with the local election results seen as a make or break point for him in being able to lead his party into the next general election. The fact is that with the sacking of his now former party chairman Nadhim Zahawi, Sunak has added yet another big beast to his backbenches who could pose a serious problem in the coming months. A source close to Mr Zahawi told Express.co.uk the big hitter, ousted as he had to pay HMRC £4.8 million in unpaid tax and penalties, is now "bent on revenge" and feels he has been "unjustly treated" having stuck by Sunak after the successful coup to oust Truss. The source said: "Nadhim was basically given 30 minutes to answer a few questions and was given the impression there would be a follow-up session for more evidence but then found that he was to be sacked without really being able to defend himself. "He's very upset." A former minister added: "It was all so unnecessary. Zahawi has just been punished because of the amount. If it had been a few thousand pounds nobody would have cared. "Mistakes are made with tax returns and Sunak could have easily just said that and moved on. "Instead he called in an independent advisor and in so doing gave himself no wriggle room. "Now he has yet another big beast who wants him gone." Notably, Zahawi is a close friend and ally of Boris Johnson who himself feels agrieved at the "Brutus like" betrayal of Sunak in resigning as Chancellor and bringing an end to his premiership. According to allies he still hankers for a return and has been doing his best to build up his "leader across the water" profile with a series of events including unveiling his official portrait at the Carlton Club, attending the COP27 and Davos summits (the latter of which Sunak missed) or going to see his old friend President Zelensky in Ukraine where he was welcomed as a hero. Zahawi stuck by the former Prime Minister as the walls fell in on that government and now it seems he is likely to be back on side with his old friend again. And he is not alone. Former Home Secretary Priti Patel, another Johnson ally who was doing the rounds today, is now fronting the Conservative Democratic Organisation (CDO) for members to take back control of the party. The CDO emerged out of the fury of the coup over Truss where MPs ensured that ,e,bers did not get to vote on the next leader and Sunak was installed as Prime Minister. READ MORE: Crisis for Rishi escalates as two Tory bosses dragged into tax row Meanwhile, Ms Truss' former chairman Sir Jake Berry, yet another Johnson ally, has hardly bothered to hide his manoeuvres going from table to table in Portcullis House on the parliamentary estate. Various Conservative MPs recently gathered at a private event in Soho, a 10 minute taxi journey from Parliament, to discuss how to bring Mr Johnson back. Meanwhile, another Johnson ally Jacob Rees-Mogg has been making it clear that he will run for the leadership after an expected election defeat. Despite telling colleagues to be loyal out of interest of a damage limitation at the next election, his decision to take a show at GB News now gives him a platform to politely upbraid a government he feels is betraying the country over Brexit and failing to grasp its freedoms. DON'T MISS After 100 days in the bunker Rishi Sunak FINALLY comes out fighting [INSIGHT] Tory MP warns over 'dire state' of UK Army after damning US comment [REVEAL] POLL – Who should replace Nadhim Zahawi as Tory Party Chair? [REACT] During the summer it was sources close to Mr Rees-Mogg who did most to shine a light on Mr Sunak's supposeldly weak Brexit credentials with Treasury interventions blocking divergence from the EU. All the while another ex-cabinet minister Nadine Dorries can barely stay off her Twitter account such is the desire to criticise the sunak government "with no mandate". It all points heavily to an attempt to reinstall Mr Johnson in May. But even if that does not work, a Prime Minister with a 21 point deficit behind Labour in the polls is facing even stronger opposition and anger in his own party. Not least, it seems, from the woman he deposed - Liz Truss. While Ms Truss and sacked cabinet ministers like Jayawardena may end up siding with Johnson they have their own agenda. Friends of Ms Truss have told Express.co.uk: "She has said she has no intention of going away. She is going to stay on as an MP and continue to make the case for economic growth." At the heart of it is the question of what it means to be a Conservative - Ms Truss, her supporters and the Johnson supporters think that those who installed Mr Sunak are not real Conservatives. For the Trussites in particular it is the fight to prove that their low tax, low regulation vision to massively boost growth was the right one while the Sunak policy with his Chancellor Jeremy Hunt of high tax and minimal Brexit freedoms will ultimately fail the UK. Increasingly though the Trussites tune is also one being pushed by Boris Johnson supporters, particularly those from the Red Wall seats. There is talk that one of the recalcitrant big beasts could be the new chairman. Maybe Ms Patel to kill off the CDO. However, that would at best only remove one enemy . As May approaches, Mr Sunak is going to have watch the benches behind him with the knives sharpening.