Prince Harry’s "nasty" comments about Queen Camilla seem to have backfired as his step-mother has exceeded Meghan Markle’s popularity in the US, said a well-known royal commentator. Angela Levin, a biographer for Camilla, noted how the public have turned its backs on Harry’s disloyalty. According to a new poll by Redfield and Wilton, the Duchess of Sussex has seen an approval rating in the US of -13 while Camilla’s is at -8. The survey, commissioned by Newsweek, asked 2,000 eligible U.S voters what they thought about members of the Royal Family six days after Harry’s scathing memoir, Spare, was released. Prince Harry, who described Camilla as the "wicked stepmother" in his book and accused her of leaking information to the press during promotional interviews, was one point above Camilla at -7 in terms of popularity. Ms Levin wrote on Twitter: "Despite the nasty things Harry said about Queen Camilla, Meghan Markle is now less popular than her in America and much lower in the UK. "Being disloyal to your family is disliked. READ MORE: Harry issued plea over Lili and Archie after airing dirty royal linen "People can see Camilla is genuine, loyal, caring and helps those with difficulties."  Meghan also had a notably higher level of popularity at +23, towering about Camilla’s -2 rating. The Queen Consort was hit with several major claims by Prince Harry in his book and in the interviews he did to promote it.  In the CBS interview with Anderson Cooper, Harry said she was "dangerous" because of her information leaks to the media. He said at the time: "There was open willingness on both sides to trade information. And with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street." And in his book Spare, he said he had personally been "sacrified" to the media by Camilla. "I had complex feelings about gaining a step parent who, I believed, had recently sacrificed me on her personal PR altar," he wrote. "But I saw Pa's smile and it was hard to argue with that, and harder still to deny the cause: Camilla. I wanted so many things, but I was surprised to discover at their wedding that one of the things I wanted most, still, was for my father to be happy. "In a funny way I even wanted Camilla to be happy. Maybe she'd be less dangerous if she was happy?" However, Harry and Meghan still have a significant group of supporters overall. The survey found Harry was liked by 31 percent and disliked by 38 percent while Meghan was liked by 26 percent and disliked by 39 percent. The results could be a disappointment for Harry, who some commentators claim is attempting to capture the "US market" since he views the UK as a "done deal".    Shortly after the early release of Spare in Spain, after Harry had done his promotional interviews, the royal expert Victoria Arbiter siad: "I think he thinks the UK is a done deal. "It’s in the US now. So he needs the US to sympathise with him." 