Series three of Happy Valley has been confirmed as the last instalment which means Tommy Lee Royce's (played by James Norton) games will finally come to an end. Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) knows no bounds when it comes to her hatred for Tommy and will stop at nothing to protect Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah). BBC viewers have now become convinced Tommy, Catherine or Ryan will die in the final episodes. During episode four, Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neill) informed Catherine that Tommy had invited Ryan to see him in court after he pled guilty to another crime. Worried about his intentions, she demanded more security be used in court so Tommy couldn't try to escape. However, she didn't intend on the Knezevics being involved as the gang sent two of their drug dealers to create a distraction to get Tommy out of court. Now Tommy is free from police custody, many fans have begun to theorise what will happen between Catherine, Tommy, and Ryan. READ MORE: Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' Some fans fear Tommy will kidnap Ryan as a way to punish Catherine, as he knows her grandson is her weak spot. Others fear Tommy will attempt to kill his son again, just like he did in series one when he poured petrol over both of them. The biggest fear from fans is Catherine will be killed, with many suggesting a double death is on the cards during an explosive finale. Taking to Reddit, @mercia2022 expressed: "Does anyone else watch HV and then make up wild theories in your head? I literally over analyse everything looking for clues until at least 2am meaning I’m hugging the coffee machine at work the next day!! "So here’s where I’m currently at: I think both Tommy Lee Royce and Catherine will die. I think she may kill herself and take him with her as to Catherine it would be worth it to know he was gone. "Maybe a face-off with a fight ending with both her and Tommy falling from a tall building as bungee jumping keeps being mentioned." They added: "I think this would reference Ann Gallagher referring to her as Godly in an earlier series. God obviously committed the ultimate sacrifice and we’ve all noticed Tommy clearly sporting the image of Christ earlier in S3 with the long locks and head scar! "Catherine’s ultimate sacrifice would be her life and fits with her character, she sacrificed everything for Ryan and her life has somewhat been devoted to him so would make sense for her to do that." DONT MISS... Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star [WATCH]Amanda Owen gives update on Clive Owen split  [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [LATEST] @alim_777 agreed and said: "This is different to my theory - but I'm buying it. Especially when you refer back to series one when Catherine's on death's door, she has a vision of her daughter asking her to join her. "She obviously wakes up, but this series might end with her joining her daughter. There have been a few nudges towards Catherine dying at the end of this series. "Although I'm hoping it's just the writers messing with us! My theory is that it will end up being Ryan who finishes off Tommy whilst defending his amazing Granny." @orchardfurniture commented: "My wild theory. I think something will happen that will force Ryan to choose between saving Catherine’s life or Tommy's. "I think he will pick Catherine. BUT at the last second, someone else will deal the fatal shot - thus Ryan will be saved from having to kill his father." @la_vida_luca theorised: "I can’t rule out Catherine dying. My current thinking is that Richard will die: He and Catherine have finally reconciled and he is now in the thick of the plot because he is investigating the Knezevics. "This will potentially tip Ryan against Tommy and Ryan will turn against him, either killing him or turning him in. "Catherine and Tommy will surely have some kind of standoff and she will be in serious danger but, I think/hope she will survive and probably kill Tommy." (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.