At least seven people died in a tornado emergency across the southern US. Storms on Thursday churned up 34 tornadoes in two states, with 25 of that number all in Alabama. Sheriff David Hill of Autauga County, Alabama, said that at least six fatalities were confirmed in the county in the Old Kingston area. Another death was recorded in Butts County, Georgia, where a tree fell onto a six-year-old boy and his mother. The boy was killed, and his mother was in critical condition before she was later released from the hospital. However, officials warn the number could be higher as crews continue search and rescue operations.  It marked the first tornado emergency issued for 2023 -- and the most recent since Nov. 4, 2022. Autauga County’s emergency was declared Thursday afternoon as the storms rolled in, with the National Weather Service warning it was a "life-threatening situation”. Alabama Governor Ivey Kay declared a state of emergency for six counties, including Autauga, following the storms. "We have already seen parts of the state rattled by this severe weather system, which is why I have issued a state of emergency," she said in a tweet. Governor Brian Kemp declared a state of emergency for Georgia later the same afternoon. READ MORE: Two ambulance drivers accused of murder  It marked the first tornado emergency issued for 2023 -- and the most recent since Nov. 4, 2022. Autauga County’s emergency was declared Thursday afternoon as the storms rolled in, with the National Weather Service warning it was a "life-threatening situation”. Alabama Governor Ivey Kay declared a state of emergency for six counties, including Autauga, following the storms. "We have already seen parts of the state rattled by this severe weather system, which is why I have issued a state of emergency," she said in a tweet. Governor Brian Kemp declared a state of emergency for Georgia later the same afternoon. A 20-mile tornado track was found to have stretched across the county, starting in the Old Kingston area and moving into the Marbury area, Autauga County Emergency Management Director Ernie Baggett told AccuWeather National Reporter Jillian Angeline. "Both of those [communities] combined, it looks like we've got about 40 homes, maybe a few more, that have been either destroyed or [have] major damage," Baggett said. Numerous roadways in Joffre and Old Kingston suffered heavy damage, and severe damage was reported along County Road 68 in the area of US-31 near Prospect, Alabama. DON'T MISS Prince Harry warned against reputation as 'professional victim' US-UK trade deal 'risky' and unlikely, says political scientist Missing woman: Ana Walshe's last chilling note to husband revealed The tornado storms marked the latest bout of severe weather to turn deadly in the US, with California battling floods and rains since December. At least 18 people have died from the Golden State’s extreme weather, including a five-year-old boy pulled from his mom’s arms by floodwater. Over the 16-day period downtown San Francisco received 345mm and in nearby Oakland totals reached 327.7mm, breaking their 16-day rainfall record.