CBS procedural drama FBI Most Wanted follows the thrilling lives of the Fugitive Task Force as they take down notorious criminals. However, following Tuesday’s episode, Remy Scott (played by Dylan McDermott) and his agents won’t return to screens until February.  During the most recent episode, Crypto Wars, the highly skilled agents were called out to an energy plant in Ohio after a mysterious explosion. As two men were killed, the government was treating the blast as a terrorist attack. The team later discovered the eco-terrorists brothers, Billy Tanner (Neil Davidson) and Jonah Tanner (Steve M Robertson) were responsible. In their fight against climate change, they target the power station, to stop people from destroying the earth. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star  However, the attack went much deeper as it was a ploy to draw Graham Solinder (Michael Nathson) back to the country and kidnap him as part of a corporate dispute. This was made evident after the brothers were killed and Graham was forced to locate a USB holding  $20 million of cryptocurrency. Fans watched on the edge of their seats as the high-stakes drama relentlessly tracked the case to discover the Chinese were behind the complicated investigation. Although this was another success for the FBI team, fans will have to wait a while before episode 12 returns to screens.  CBS has put a pause on season four to embark on a two-week hiatus. FBI Most Wanted won’t return in its usual slot on Tuesday, January 31, as a result of the February sweep ratings. The break ensures the drama will draw in as many viewers as possible to increase the viewing numbers. If the ratings continue to climb the network is less likely to cancel FBI Most Wanted and renew it for another season. DON'T MISS...Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [EXPLAINER]SWAT fans ecstatic as Shemar Moore shares sweet baby news [REACTION]NCIS 20 delayed: CBS drama set for hiatus [INSIGHT]  As for Tuesday, February 7, the annual State of the Union Address will air in the place of FBI Most Wanted. This will be a highly anticipated message delivered by the President of the United States, Joe Biden. This will be a joint session with the United States Congress and usually takes place at the beginning of each calendar year to discuss the current condition of the nation. As an annual event, most shows are unusually preempted, however, this isn’t the case with FBI Most Wanted as there isn’t a repeat scheduled.    As well as their gripping investigations, the upcoming episode of FBI Most Wanted could give fans more insight into the personal lives of the skilled agents. This was the case in the recent episode as Remy’s sister Claire Scott (Rebecca Brooksher) returned to screens. The two reunited on a devastating occasion after they learned their late brother’s relationship was up for parole. Fans could see more of this in episode 12, as the family support each other and fight against the murderer’s potential conditional release.  FBI Most Wanted season 4 returns Tuesday, February 14 on CBS in the US and on Prime Video in the UK. 