Even though fuel prices have been falling in recent weeks, they are starting to fall more slowly, according to RAC Fuel Watch. Drivers can expect to pay an average of 148.35p per litre of petrol, while diesel remains above £1.70, much to the dismay of motorists. Many experts have called on supermarkets and other major retailers to slash their prices to help drivers during the cost of living crisis. As a result of the high fuel prices, many around the country have been practising fuel-saving techniques, or hypermiling methods. Some have even started giving advice on social media to help their followers save money on motoring costs. One such user is Megan’s Bubble, who posted a video about a button which can be found in most people’s cars that many don't understand. READ MORE: The most reliable cars on the market - BMW, Tesla, Toyota and more In the car, the button in question is displayed by an “A” with a circular arrow wrapping above it. In the video, she says: “If you have a button that looks like this in your car this is your automatic start-stop button. "It's going to automatically shut down your vehicle when it is stationary for a long time, like when you're sitting at a stop light or maybe through the Starbucks drive-thru. "It's supposed to increase fuel economy and reduce emissions.” DON'T MISSCar clocking 'isn’t disappearing any time soon' as drivers warned [WARNING]Drivers urged to use sandwich bag to clear windscreen frost in seconds [HELPFUL]Supermarket petrol and diesel price wars leaving drivers ‘livid’ [SHOCKING] Stop-start engines are slowly becoming more common with newer, more modern cars having the system. It is designed to cut the engine when the vehicle is stationary, which is then restarted when the brake is released the clutch is engaged or the accelerator is pressed. The technology relies on another feature which detects when the car is not moving or when it is out of gear. When the car is motionless or out of gear, the fuel supply and connection to the engine are halted. READ MORE: London ULEZ expansion could see tradespeople charged £3,000 a year This is done to prevent idling which wastes money on fuel and produces harmful emissions without the vehicle going anywhere. For drivers using this feature, fuel economy could increase by up to 12 percent. The Royal College of Physicians estimates that 40,000 deaths a year in the UK are linked to air pollution, with engine idling contributing to this. Rule 123 of The Highway Code looks at “the driver and the environment” and what motorists can do to limit their emissions. It states that drivers must not leave a parked vehicle unattended with the engine running or leave a vehicle engine running unnecessarily while the vehicle is stationary on a public road. A study by the US Department of Energy found that heavy-duty and light-duty vehicles combined waste about six billion gallons of fuel annually. Around half of this is believed to be from personal vehicles which create around 30 million tonnes of CO2 every year just from idling. A study by Polytechnic University of Madrid compared the engine emissions of two four-wheel drive cars and found that the one fitted with automatic stop-start functionality recorded 20 percent lower emissions than the vehicle without this technology. The emissions-lowering capability of stop-start systems is particularly important in towns and cities, where traffic is likely to be stationary for longer.