More Wetherspoon pubs are closing their doors for good, while others are still up for sale, the company has confirmed. The pubs are dotted around the UK. Wetherspoon has announced that a further eight pubs have been sold, in addition to the three that were reported to have been sold before Christmas. At least two of the pubs have already closed for good - one in Lewisham, South London, and one in Worcester. It is not yet known when the other pubs that have been sold will shut their doors permanently. The pub chain has confirmed 35 pubs are still for sale, having not been bought yet. READ MORE: Face yoga expert's routine to reduce nasolabial fold lines takes seconds These pubs will remain open and trading under the Wetherspoon brand until they are sold. Several pubs in London are set to be sold, including in popular drinking hotspots, such as in Battersea and Islington. As for elsewhere in England, pubs in Southampton and Middlesborough are also up for sale. In Scotland, a pub in Edinburgh is on the market, while a pub in Wick has been sold. A pub in Wrexham has been sold, but no other pubs in Wales are on sale as of yet. Pubs have struggled over the last few months due to inflation sending prices soaring. Wetherspoon saw sales drop 1.1 percent in the five weeks up to and including November 6, 2022, compared with pre-pandemic trading in 2019. Last year, Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin said the company was "cautiously optimistic", despite the pressures facing the hospitality sector. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal He said he previously set out "various threats to the hospitality industry and these continue to apply". "Those caveats aside, in the absence of further lockdowns or restrictions, the company remains cautiously optimistic about future prospects," the Wetherspoon chairman said. The chain announced last year that it would be selling nearly 40 of its pubs due to the combined impact of the pandemic and soaring prices. Wetherspoon was established in 1979, first opening its doors in North London. Full list of Wetherspoon pubs closing for good: Harvest Moon, Orpington Alexander Bain, Wick Chapel an Gansblydhen, Bodmin Moon on the Square, Basildon Coal Orchard, Taunton Running Horse, Airside Doncaster Airport Wild Rose, Bootle Edmund Halley, Lee Green The Willow Grove, Southport Postal Order, Worcester North and South Wales Bank, Wrexham Full list of Wetherspoon pubs still for sale: The Butlers Bell, Stafford Worlds Inn, Romford Silkstone Inn, Barnsley Wrong ‘Un, Bexleyheath The Percy Shaw, Halifax Jolly Sailor, Hanham The Alfred Herring, Palmers Green The Moon and Bell, Loughborough The Widow Frost, Mansfield Resolution, Middlesbrough Foxley Hatch, Purley The Rising Sun, Redditch Sennockian, Sevenoaks Admiral Sir Lucius Curtis, Southampton The Colombia Press, Watford The Malthouse, Willenhall The John Masefield, New Ferry The Crosse Keys, Peebles Lord Arthur Lee, Fareham The Saltoun Inn, Fraserburgh General Sir Redvers Buller, Crediton Plough and Harrow, Hammersmith Thomas Leaper, Derby Cliftonville, Hove Tollgate, Turnpike Lane Asparagus, Battersea Millers Well, East Ham Hudson Bay, Forest Gate Angel, Islington The Billiard Hall, West Bromwich Capitol, Forest Hill The Bankers Draft, Eltham Moon on the Hill, Harrow The Bank House, Cheltenham Last Post, Loughton 