Queen Letizia attended an evening engagement at the Ifema Madrid in her country's capital today, January 11. The royal was seen at the Promociona Project event without her husband and children. The Ifema describes itself as the "first operator in Spain and one of the most important in Europe within the international circuit of the fair and congress industry". For this evening's event, Letizia wore a mid-length metallic skirt in teal and gold. It was mostly teal, adorned with a subtle, gold floral pattern. She matched this with a wool jumper, which was also teal. Letizia's jumper had a round neck and slightly puffed sleeves that tightened at the cuffs. She had neatly tucked this garment into her skirt, accentuating her small waist. The royal completed the look with a pair of metallic, pointed heels, which complemented her outfit well. These, as well as the subtle slit in the skirt, gave the outfit a modern twist. Letizia's brunette locks were styled in loose waves down her back, and her make-up was the same as always - a little bronzer, lashings of black mascara, and lipgloss. Today was the Spanish Queen's second time out in public in 2023. The first time was last Friday, January 6, when she attended the New Year Military Parade at the royal Palace. For the occasion, she wore a beautiful, floor-length, wine red dress with long sleeves and an embroidered pattern. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore The dress was by Spanish designer Felipe Varela and Letizia had been seen donning it before. While outside, Letizia wore a fur-trimmed cape over the dress, which was by Carolina Herrera. She finished the look with Magrit stilettos and "I am Red" 18k Rose Gold Needle Earrings with Diamonds and Ruby earrings. The jewels were by Spanish jewellers Gold and Roses, which Letizia is a fan of - she has been seen wearing these exact earrings in the past. At the time, royal fans were quick to comment on Letizia's elegant look, with many praising her for such an eye-catching outfit. Instagram user @courtmanchu wrote: "Another royal who knows how to rock a repeat." User @florence.pit said: "Love the silhouette and the colour." Susan Humphrey commented: "Fabulous. I love how she rewears clothes for years and years. She definitely wears the clothes, not the other way around."