A mum who was told her 11-month-old daughter would "not make it" was shocked when doctors managed to revive her after a cardiac arrest. Abby Hessey, 26, said she was "preparing for the worst" when her daughter Bella, now three, was rushed to Southampton General Hospital in Hampshire in 2020. After Bella went into cardiac arrest, Abby said she watched as approximately 30 medical staff tried to resuscitate her baby, and she was given the devastating news that her daughter might not survive the night.  But now, nearly three years later, Bella, who has been described as a “bubbly”, “talkative” and “happy” girl, with “a lot of sass”, is “living a normal life”. The tot was rushed into hospital after developing a rash all over her body - with doctors initially misdiagnosing Bella with an ear and throat infection. But after the fourth hospital visit, Abby was told her daughter had Kawasaki disease which, according to NHS Blood and Transplant (NHSBT), can be fatal if not treated in time. NHSBT says Kawasaki disease is one of the main causes of acquired heart disease in children under five in the UK. Abby said she was “gobsmacked” when she received the news. “We stayed at the Horton that night and they gave us an ambulance to the John Radcliffe Hospital very early in the morning to give her the immunoglobulin (the medicine used to treat Kawasaki disease),” she said. “It literally worked instantly – her rash had completely gone, she was eating fine, drinking fine, playing, laughing, speaking, which she hadn’t done for a week prior. Once she had that, we were allowed to go home.”  But two weeks later, Bella began suffering from heart complications that led to multiple aneurysms. At the next hospital visit, Abby was told Bella would need to be taken to Southampton General Hospital as a matter of urgency – and that is when she feared the worst. Being taken off in an ambulance to Southampton, it was just heartbreaking,” she said. “Obviously my partner wasn’t allowed to come with us (due to Covid restrictions); he was constantly calling. He saw us off in the ambulance, crying, and his parents were there, crying. It was just awful because he thought he was potentially not going to see his little girl again.” Abby said she had “so many things racing through (her) mind” in the ambulance, but she tried to stay positive and said the medical staff were “amazing”. Bella remained in hospital for approximately three weeks, and it was during the first week that Bella went into cardiac arrest. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'not in hiding' as she steps aside in PR move  Abby continued: "She was in her high chair and I could see her head going back, her taking a last gasp of air; it was just awful "They pressed the panic alarm, and then in this tiny little private room in this ward, there was probably 30 people in there trying to get her heart started again. We went into intensive care once they got a really low heartbeat, and the doctor came over to us and said, ‘I’m really sorry, but I don’t think she’s going to make the night. Just prepare yourself that this is going to be your last day with her. “At that point, we were like, oh my goodness, this is it. We’ve lost our little girl.” The couple stayed with Bella overnight and, despite the severity of her condition, “somehow, she made it”. Bella is now living a normal life, is “healthy and happy”, and is taking only two medications. DON'T MISS:Woman calls for firework control after dog dies of heart attack [INSIGHT]London mother drowned while swimming at popular Mexican beach [PICTURES]Erdogan suggests only Finland will be accepted to NATO without Sweden [COMMENT] Abby explained that Bella has had several scans since being discharged from Southampton General Hospital, and they have shown that her aneurysms have shrunk and she has no blood clots. Abby continued: “She is almost back to normal; her arteries are just a little bit weaker and slightly deformed, and there’s a bit of wall damage in her arteries.” She added: “It’s amazing. If it wasn’t for the immunoglobulin, (I don’t think she would) have made it.” Abby would encourage other parents to “follow (their) intuition” when it comes to their children’s symptoms, as she “knew something was wrong” with Bella and she is glad she pushed for a diagnosis. “As a mum, you know what’s wrong with your baby,” she said. “You know if your child has a cold, or if it’s something more, and don’t feel like you’re pestering the doctors or healthcare providers if you know something’s wrong. “Just keep going and going and going because, at the end of the day, it’s your child that’s going to be affected by these choices.” 