 Anne Heche was 53 when she died in August last year, following a horrific car crash in Los Angeles. Her sudden passing shocked her friends, fans and family, with young Atlas now recalling how his mom “was the brightest person I’ve ever known”.   Following the mum-of-two’s death, young Atlas has been silent until yesterday, when his statement was published in the Los Angeles Inquisitor Magazine. He lovingly recalled her legacy, saying: “My mom was the brightest person I've ever known. “She always knew how to solve a problem or help a friend. She always knew the right thing to do. “I cannot put into words how grateful I am or how much I miss her." READ MORE: Lucy Alexander talks A Place In The Sun role after quitting Homes Under The Hammer  Anne’s elder son, Homer Laffoon, 20, who she shared with real estate broker Coleman Laffoon, took control of the actress’ Instagram earlier this month to share some news. He emotionally wrote: “Never imagined I'd find myself responsible for mom's IG account, but here we are. “I have a responsibility to share with her community what she was working on and how excited she would have been to tell you herself. “My mom had a completed manuscript for a second book at the time of her passing. The book is the product of mom's further efforts to share her story and to help others where she could.  “Call Me Anne is the result and I know she was excited to share with the world. So, mom, here I am sharing it with the community you created, may it flourish and take on a life of it's own, as you would have wanted. “I don't plan on using this platform too often but know she loved her fans, loved writing (she wrote endlessly) and it would not feel right not to reach out at a time like this. “As mom liked to sign off, Peace and love, Homer.” Homer also took the opportunity to thank fans for their support during this difficult time, noting he was taking it “one day at a time” and admitted the “healing journey will be a long one”.  Atlas and his father, actor James Tupper, attended a special reading of Call Me Anne at a Los Angeles Barnes and Noble yesterday. Although James and Anne had split in 2018, with a turbulent custody battle involving Atlas, the actor paid tribute to his former partner in the Los Angeles Inquisitor too. He wrote: “She was the very definition of light in our lives, always bringing fun, love and energy. "She will always be remembered in our hearts and minds."  At the time of her death, he also took to Instagram with a throwback snap of Anne, captioning the picture: “Love you forever” with a broken heart emoji. The actress died following a horrific car crash in Los Angeles where her Mini Cooper smashed into the garage of a two-storey house and burst into flames. She suffered burns, lung damage, a sternal fracture and sustained lack of oxygen to the brain. The actress spent seven days in a coma before her life support was switched off and she was pronounced dead.