Zack (played by James Farrar) had happily accepted that Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) would soon be having his baby, and the pair were excited about the future. However, Zack's world crumbled recently on the BBC soap when he was informed by an old acquaintance, Brett Nelson (Fabrizio Santino) that he might have HIV as he used to share needles with Brett, who has since tested positive for the condition. Zack has been in denial since, refusing to get tested or to tell anyone, but he began to crumble in Wednesday's episode, causing some EastEnders fans to cry over the "heartbreaking" scenes. Zack was clearly feeling deeply troubled by the news but tried to continue as though nothing was wrong. However, he messed up an interview with Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) and ended up telling Whitney he couldn't be a father. Brett tried to convince his old friend to get a test done, but Zack continued to bury his head in the sand. "Do I look sick to you?" Zack snapped, adding: "I've got a life now, I've got a kid on the way - a family. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event  "You come round here with this 'woe is me' story, coming to my door! "I swear to you... if you don't leave now, I'm going to do something we'll both regret." "Yeah? Well, you can try," Brett replied, adding: "But let me ask you something, Zack. "Do I look sick to you? Do I look like I've got HIV? It ain't as simple as that mate and you know it." He then urged Zack to get tested for the sake of Whitney and the baby. After leaving Whitney in tears following their conversation, Zack locked himself in his office and smashed the place up. After realising he was bleeding after cutting his hand, Zack broke down, sobbing uncontrollably. Responding to the pain Zack was experiencing, many viewers found themselves in tears. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry's sex life confession in memoir stuns TV hosts [VIDEO]Death in Paradise teases exit for Neville Parker over Sophie romance [LATEST]BBC Breakfast fans distracted by 'sharp' Johnny Vegas' appearance [REACTION] Some took to social media to express their sympathy for the character, with Twitter user @realseanslater commenting: "These zack scenes are killing me man I'm actually crying #EastEnders." @RyanTheSoapking shared: "Zack having a breakdown. My heart is breaking so much. #EastEnders," along with heartbroken and crying emojis. @pussinpjs1 echoed this, simply writing: "Poor Zack #EastEnders." @lqvingsuki penned: "MY HEART HURTS I CANNOT WATCH ZACK CRY #Eastenders." "Zack and Whitney both out there breaking my heart #Eastenders," @chiavarichairs_ posted. @TheSimonC90 pleaded: "Let me please give Zack a big hug! #EastEnders." @lqvingsuki admitted: "Zack breaking down I can’t do this #Eastenders." @SARamsay1 tweeted, with a sad face emoji: "Oh Zack. I think it would be better if he just told Whitney the whole truth instead of giving up on being a dad. #EastEnders." EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One. For help and advice on issues raised, visit https://www.tht.org.uk/our-services/support-services/tht-direct-helpline.