Ukraine desperately needs this and other weaponry to help President Zelensky throw out the Russian invaders. The rest of NATO has pressed Germany hard to change its stance, most noticeably at last week’s conference at Ramstein US air base - but, to date, has got nowhere. This stubbornness means Germany is not only refusing to send some of its own tanks to Ukraine but is also stopping those countries which have bought the Leopard 2 (like Poland) from sending theirs to Kyiv.Germany’s cowardice has called into doubt Germany’s commitment to the NATO alliance.But, even more than that, it has raised suspicions that the Bundestag has its eyes on the rich pickings to be had if / when Russia loses the war and is largely ruined. Will Germany make a useful nearby ally to Russia – to Germany’s benefit?Having said that, yesterday’s statement by Germany’s foreign minister Anna Baerbock that she would not stand in the way of Poland sending its Leopards to Ukraine. This could be the beginning of a change from Germany. But letting others step up to the plate whilst standing back and doing nothing, is hardly heroic!NATO and the west have pussyfooted around for too long over Ukraine’s plight. Up until recently, the West has only been prepared to support Ukraine with weaponry and materials for defensive purposes, basically to ensure Zelensky does not lose.This pathetically timid posture has led to huge frustration all round.Only now are we beginning to see the gradual release of weapons which will allow Ukraine to go over to the offensive and clear the Russian invaders from its territory.And yet the constraints still exist; there is absolutely no reason whatsoever, either military or politically, why the Ukrainians should not be able to strike deep into Russia itself as part of its war strategy, and yet the West tiptoes around supplying the weapons to do so. NATO may not be involved in a true proxy war against Russia, for the Ukrainians are setting their own agenda and not following the West’s direction here.But it’s quite clear that it is involved in a semi-proxy war because Russia’s defeat is clearly NATO’s desired outcome and Ukraine is doing all the fighting on NATO’s behalf. It’s high time this was recognised publicly and the appropriate support and weaponry supplied.The war will probably be decided this year, although that could all change over the coming months. Rumours abound about a planned Russian offensive in the springs and how Ukraine might be in danger of being overwhelmed all over again.The recent Russian declaration of increased conscription and sightings of additional Russian equipment, including their newest T-14 Armata tank, on the Russo-Ukraine border, has fuelled the speculation.Why does Ukraine want the Leopard 2? Well, it is more or less the industry standard, the benchmark against which all other tanks tend to be measured. It is also in widespread use amongst European militaries with some 2,000 or so spread across various countries. Spares and logistic support is just not going to be a problem as it might be with the American M1A2 Abrams or the British Challenger 2.There is another scenario, though, which could well prevail. With the right levels of encouragement and support, it might be Ukraine that is first out of the traps, as it were, with its own spring offensive, pre-empting Russia and forcing the invaders on the defensive. Ukrainian forces have demonstrated over the past year that they are much more adept at modern, combined arms operations than their opposition.We should not be surprised if Ukraine takes the initiative and strikes first.The strategic prize in the whole war is Crimea and the naval base at Sevastopol, for whomsoever controls those controls the Black Sea and the entrance to the Sea of Azov through the Kerch Strait.Perhaps the capture of Crimea might lead Ukraine to consider a negotiated settlement, who knows, but Putin is not going to give it up lightly. Ukraine will have to take it.In the meantime, NATO needs to grow a pair and get real. There is no reason for it to stay its hand against such naked aggression in Europe. And as for the Germans, well, they need to grow up and stop playing playground politics. Release the Leopards and give Ukraine the tools it needs.Panzers los!  