Liverpool are currently locked in takeover talks with representatives of the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA), who are exploring several options regarding a possible deal to buy the Anfield club, according to reports. Current owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) announced last year that they would be open to listening to offers for the Reds, but stated that things would continue as normal until a suitable bid is made. A number of potential investors have been linked with Liverpool over the last few months, but it seems as though a Qatari-led takeover is the most likely option on the table as things stand. Discussions have already started between the Merseyside giants and QIA, which represents the sovereign wealth fund of the Gulf nation, according to the Daily Mail.It is said that three possible outcomes could arise from the talks over the coming weeks including a full-scale purchase of the club, with Liverpool reportedly valued at around £4billion by their current owners. However, there is said to be a feeling that FSG would prefer to negotiate a minority investment rather than an outright sale, which would see QIA join forces with them at Liverpool in the near future.There is also a chance that QIA could decide to withdraw their interest if a suitable agreement cannot be found, although the firm's chief executive Mansoor bin Ebrahim Al-Mahmoud recently admitted that investing in football is something that his company are keen to pursue after looking into the situation in recent months. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘bemused by Sky Sports error involving Weghorst' before defeat "Football, the clubs and the sport, is becoming very commercialised in a way, especially now fans are looking into this as an experience, so they would like to and experience and entertain themselves," he said at the World Economic Forum earlier this month."At the same time, digitalisation is becoming very important for this. So, the business model of these institutions is becoming very commercialised and very investment friendly. You will not be surprised if we invest in this."We have not made up our mind yet but this is a very commercially driven decision that we go through. And again, sports are becoming a very important theme as well; people are engaged more in a sport and digitalisation is making it more attractive to investors." It remains to be seen whether any official Qatari bid will arrive for Liverpool over the coming weeks, although a takeover could run the risk of sparking a backlash from supporters as a result of the country's questionable human rights record. The Reds remain up for sale for the right price as things stand, but it seems as though FSG may not be willing to do business if the move would not be in the best interests of the club as a whole.An FSG statement to The Athletic back in November read: "There have been a number of recent changes of ownership and rumours of changes in ownership at EPL clubs and inevitably we are asked regularly about Fenway Sports Group’s ownership in Liverpool."FSG has frequently received expressions of interest from third parties seeking to become shareholders in Liverpool. FSG has said before that under the right terms and conditions we would consider new shareholders if it was in the best interests of Liverpool as a club."FSG remains fully committed to the success of Liverpool, both on and off the pitch." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.