Arsenal transfer chiefs have decided they will not get involved in a bidding war for top target Mykhaylo Mudryk, reports claim. The Gunners are still keen to sign the player as Chelsea hold talks with Shakhtar Donetsk today (Thursday). Mudryk is the top target for Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta. The Premier League leaders have been keen on signing a winger since the latter stages of the summer transfer window. Arteta is keen to take advantage of his team's position at the top of the table and strengthen his squad this month. Arsenal have already made two bids for Mudryk, the latest in the region of £62million. Shakhtar are set to reject the latest proposal and are holding out for around £88m (€100m). Mudryk is keen on a move to Arsenal and has made that clear in interviews and with his social media activity. READ MORE: Arsenal target Mudryk likes post pushing for transfer - '#FreeMudryk'  CBS Sports reporter James Benge claims Arsenal still have the desire to sign Mudryk before the January 31 deadline. But they will not get into a bidding war with the Ukrainian club. Benge tweeted: "No breakthrough in Arsenal talks for Mudryk but parties close to the deal indicating there is still a strong desire to reach agreement on fee this month. Likely rejection of second offer has not cooled Gunners' interest yet, though they won't be dragged into bidding war." Chelsea are set to hold talks with Shakhtar today. Shakhtar director of football Darijo Srna is in London and is expected to be at the Blues' match against Manchester City this evening. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is prepared to spend big in Graham Potter's first window in charge. Argentina World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez is a top target but Benfica are demanding his full release clause of £112m is paid. DON'T MISSArsenal making Mudryk back-up plans with Mexico star 'courted'Man Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manArsenal's fresh stance on signing Tielemans after Mudryk transfer  The west London club are also set to sign Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile for £35m. And it appears they are stepping up their pursuit of Mudryk this week. Arsenal are currently focusing most of their attention on signing Mudryk. However, they are also in the market for a central striker. Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix is one player Arteta had on his shortlist. Atletico are willing to let the Portugal star leave on loan for the remainder of the season after falling out of favour under Diego Simeone.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here