A payment issue, impacting mostly women, means many people are thought to have been underpaid their state pension. The problem relates mostly to the older state pension scheme known as the basic state pension.  As part of this, women were able to claim a state pension based on the National Insurance record of their husband, deceased husband, or ex-husband. The vast majority of payments were issued to eligible Britons without error, however, a subsequent investigation has highlighted thousands were underpaid. A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) scheme is now identifying those who have been underpaid, and seeking to fairly reimburse individuals. There has, however, been an important update surrounding those who have been underpaid. READ MORE: 1950s-born woman avoids using heating as she waits for state pension DWP accounts for the 2021/22 year have shown around 237,000 people have been underpaid by a total of £1.46billion. But during the ongoing correction exercise, another 100,000 potential underpayments have been discovered. Peter Schofield, the permanent secretary at the DWP, told a cross-party committee of MPs: “We have found more cases of underpayment.” The sample of state pension cases the DWP will now look at for errors is 700,000 rather than 400,000. DON'T MISSPensioner claims payment worth £3,500 and it ‘changed her life’ [EXCLUSIVE]Full list of suppliers paying you to cut energy use [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak may address ’thornier pension issues’ in 2023 [UPDATE] But with extra cases to look at, Mr Schofield said the process could be delayed by an entire year in order to fully complete the exercise. He added: “I am very sorry on behalf of the Department that we have made these underpayments. “I am though pleased that I have now detected more of the underpayment that was out there.” By the middle of 2024, Mr Schofield vowed there would be 1,500 staff working specifically on the correction exercise. READ MORE: UK residents aged 45 to 70 urged to check state pension now However, when it comes to backpay, the DWP permanent secretary stated there could be a “wide variety” in how much different affected individuals actually receive. He explained: “The reason why there is potentially a wide variety is that some people weren’t getting what they were entitled to in terms of the state pension, but they were then topped up through Pension Credit. “So, you have some people who were underpaid, but were paid up on the Pension Credit. “But when we calculate how much they’re owed, we calculate how much Pension Credit they received which they wouldn’t have received if they received the right state pension.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If a person believes they have been underpaid the state pension, they can take action. The correction exercise is being managed by the Pension Service, which can be contacted on 0800 731 0469 (Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm). Alternatively, Britons could write to them at The Pension Service, Post Handling Site A, Wolverhampton, WV98 1AF. When reaching out about a potential underpayment, people are encouraged to have the following information to hand: