While Princess Anne spends large amounts of her time travelling to and from her home in Gloucestershire, she does have a base at St James's Palace on The Mall. However, the Princess's marital home with her second husband, Timothy Laurence, was far from the glamour royal fans see in the likes of Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle. When Princess Anne married her mother's former equerry Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence in 1992, the couple set up their home in a less-than-expected location as they moved into a two-bedroom flat in Pimlico in Central London. The Princess Royal was understood to have paid £1,300 a month in rent and described the flat in Drake House on Dolphin Square as having "nosey neighbours" and "noisy traffic". A few months later the couple relocated to an apartment in Buckingham Palace. Resurfaced pictures show the Princess' flat featured high ceilings with cream carpets and walls. The old-fashioned décor included a velvet green sofa with pink cushions, a wooden coffee table with a glass top, and a wooden rocking chair with various patterned cushions. READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'dominant' as he 'spills beans' in interview Princess Anne's bedroom featured high ceilings with cream carpets and walls. Anne and Timothy had a wooden bed frame, dressed with white linen, and two black bedside tables, with a single pink fringed lamp at one side. The second bedroom in the home featured a small wooden desk at the window, a matching towel rack and two chest of drawers. The living room was decorated with the same cream carpets and walls as seen throughout the property. Large sash windows with black frames provided plenty of natural light, and furniture included a velvet green sofa with pink cushion. There was also a wooden coffee table with a glass top, and a wooden rocking chair with patterned cushions. Anne's kitchen was fitted with white cupboards and appliances, grey worktops, and cream and black patterned tiles on the floor. A white sash window at the sink overlooked the gardens of the block of flats. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex lives 40 minutes from Princess Kate - see inside mansion The kitchen, dining and living room formed an open-plan space, with an island unit between the kitchen and dining area. A table for two was positioned in the middle, with a patterned tablecloth, and a view of the living space and a traditional fireplace beneath a painting mounted on the wall. The flat overlooked Princess Anne's road, as well as a tennis court on the opposite side of the road.   While they have access to an apartment within St James's Palace, Anne and Timothy spend most of their time at their home in Gloucestershire. Gatcombe Park was originally bought by the late Queen as a wedding present for her daughter and her first husband Captain Mark Phillips. Located between the villages of Minchinhampton and Avening, the Grade II listed building was constructed in the late 18th century following the designs by George Basevi. The house features five bedrooms, four reception rooms and a library, as well as staff accommodation. 