Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu has been advised against training after falling ill with a fever. The Love Island star has been preparing for her Dancing On Ice debut for months but has been forced to suspend practising her routine until she recovers, hopefully in time for Sunday’s show. Sharing the disappointing news with fans, she tweeted on Wednesday: “Very ill. “Doctors have told me to rest hopefully I can recover very quickly ready for Sunday.” Later that day, Ekin-Su’s boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti shared an update on the Love Island star’s health. “Someone’s home with the fever…in good hands though,” he revealed. Read more: Oti Mabuse explains reason she’ll never cheer Dancing On Ice stars After Ekin-Su’s admission, fans rushed to send get well soon wishes to the Love Island star. @Kaaaaatie_x tweeted: “@ekinsuofficial Oh girl you definitely need to look after yourself, the most important thing is that you rest up and feel better!! everything else can wait. sending all the love and positive vibes to you for a speedy recovery.” @fallibleangel added: “omg :(( pls rest and get well soon.” “I’m sorry to hear that Ekin-Su I hope you feel better soon,” @alexstanger1993 shared. @loveekinde remarked: “Omg noo wishing you speedy recovery angel.” @galsxygirl93 wrote: “Get well soon! Looking forward to seeing you Sunday x.” “Feel better soon lovely. Definitely rest up, need to give your body and immune system a break,” @NatCaves said. The Turkish actress previously spoke out on why she wanted to take part in the ITV competition. DON'T MISSDancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice star suffers nightmare injury weeks before launch [INSIGHT]I'm no rink outsider on Dancing On Ice after my UK return [INTERVIEW] "I’m really competitive and I used to ice-skate when I was a little girl,” she revealed. “I did a show when I was six or seven and then I started doing ballet. “I’ve always had a performance side in my blood and I do think Dancing On Ice will be hard, but it’s an opportunity to show a different audience a side to me. I think I’d be good and I can see myself winning it." She added: "I’ve never been scared in my life, I’ve never been nervous in my life, I’ve always been confident. “I think the only time I’d be nervous would be at the final. I know I’m going to fall and hurt myself because in life you fall and hurt yourself. I’m ready!" Dancing on Ice has been thrown into chaos with a number of injuries and illnesses. Michelle Heaton has previously confirmed she suffered an injury during training and Christopher Dean was rushed to hospital with a broken finger. Dancing on Ice returns to ITV on Sunday at 6.30pm.