Princess Charlene of Monaco, who recently celebrated her 45th birthday, attended the Ceremony Of The Sainte-Devote today. Saint Devote is the patron saint of Corsica and Monaco, and celebrations on their feast day remain fervent in the Principality of Monaco. The ceremony took place at St Nicholas Cathedral, however, Prince Albert II of Monaco could not attend due to testing positive for coronavirus. The Princess wore a grey blazer with two buttons on each side, however the blazer was connected with a little thread in the centre, as opposed to the buttons. Charlene paired this blazer with a grey turtleneck jumper underneath, and the colours blended into each other perfectly. Kate Middleton stepped out on Thursday wearing a pink turtleneck jumper accompanied by the same coloured coat. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims This shows that the royals are clearly following the latest monochrome style trends, or maybe even taking a leaf out of the late Queen's book who always wore block colours. Charlene then wore a brown knee-length skirt, which looked to be made out of a suede material. The skirt was also split at the front centre, adding a nice bit of dimension to the garment. Charlene then wore knee-length brown suede boots which again perfectly blended into her skirt.  To cope with the cold January weather in Monaco currently, the Princess wore some chocolate brown leather gloves to add some warmth. Princess Charlene accessorised with double sterling silver stud earrings, one bigger and the second a bit smaller. The royal Princess wore her bleached blonde pixie haircut in its normal fashion, with her brunette roots showing ever so slightly. Charlene's makeup was fairly natural, with some lashings of mascara and pale pink lipgloss. READ MORE: Two very different royal homes show 2023's biggest interior trends Royal fan @CoutureRoyals tweeted: "Princess Charlene of Monaco arriving this morning at St Nicholas Cathedral to attend the mass for Sainte Devote’s Day, Patron Saint of Monaco, "Prince Albert is not in attendance as he tested positive for covid two days ago." However, royal watcher @silver_lining85 was not overly impressed with her style, saying: "Looks messy and uncoordinated." Whereas, @RamendraNathRay said the Princess looked "excellent". Princess Charlene was later joined on the Monaco palace balcony with her twin children, Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella. She was also joined by her husband Prince Albert who was wearing a mask to protect his family from the coronavirus. Gabriella, eight, wore a beautifully tailored green blazer to match her mother. Both Charlene and Gabriella were continuing the family's reputation as regal fashion icons.