The Traitors started airing in the UK on BBC One in November and the competition is set in a stunning castle in the Scottish Highlands. The opening episode attracted 2.9 million viewers, with the finale watched by 3.2 million. Following the show's success, a US version is launching on Peacock on January 12. Claudia Winkleman hosted the UK version of the show which kept viewers hooked with its twists and turns. A total of 22 strangers were in with a chance of winning a share of £120,000, by eliminating the three traitors chosen by the host. The US version will be set at the same location, at Ardross Castle near Inverness, and it will be presented by Scottish actor Alan Cumming. All of the episodes will be made available to viewers in the US on Peacock. READ MORE: We looks the future of hit BBC reality series The Traitors Sadly for UK fans, they will not be able to watch the US version of the show straight away. According to Variety, the BBC is in talks to acquire the rights to air the US version. Their report suggests the series will either air directly on BBC iPlayer or on BBC3. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment on whether the series has been picked up. At this moment in time, it is not known what date the US version could arrive. The American version features both civilians and reality TV stars this time around. Olympian swimmer and former Big Brother contestant Ryan Lochte, Kate Chastain from Below Deck and Brandi Glanville from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills are all understood to be taking part. The series also features Kyle Cooke from Summer House, Reza Farahan from Shahs of Sunset and Arie Luyendyk Jr from The Bachelor. The contestants will face many of the same challenges set in the UK edition. DON'T MISS... The Traitors winners talk spending their £100,000 prize money [INSIGHT] The Traitors fans spot second secret sign Kieran gave to expose Wilf [DISCUSSION] We look at whether Kieran broke the rules on The Traitors [INSIGHT]  These reality TV stars will be competing among 10 members of the public to win the prize of $250,000. Hairstylist Anjelica Conti is taking part in the US version and she said she was shocked to be surrounded by celebrities. Speaking to the New York Post, she said: "I didn’t know going into it that any reality stars were going to be on, and I’ve always been obsessed with reality TV. “So you can imagine how excited I was when I saw who my fellow castmates were. "For Arie Luyendyk Jr [from] The Bachelor, I was freaking out. I was over the moon and losing my mind.” Describing the experience, she added: "At those roundtable sessions, you have to fight for your life. "It gets very intense, and very real, being there in the moment, facing the people you’re calling out as a traitor. "You need to be able to adapt and be quick on your feet, so it’s about preparing your wits." For US audiences, Peacock is available for $4.99 a month through Amazon Prime Video.  The Traitors premieres in the US on Thursday, January 12 on Peacock