After seeing their energy bills more than double over the past year, a family of six from Bromley, South East London, have managed to save around £2,000 over the year by enforcing their own energy saving challenges at home. The initiative has not only managed to help them nearly halve their overall consumption, but it has also brought them “closer together” as a family. After seeing their energy bills soar from £200 a month to £450, Emmanuel Asuquo, 37, who lives with his partner, Mariam, 38, and their four children, Malachi, 10, Ethan, nine, Elle, seven, and Mia-Rae, three, have been enforcing their own "blackout hour" every day, when they switch all appliances off to read and do homework instead. Among a number of energy saving techniques the family have been carrying out, Mr Asuquo says they’ve been trying to do things together instead of individually in different rooms, such as watching TV together and eating at the same time to avoid incurring additional energy costs. Mr Asuquo said: "After dinner every night we have blackout hour. We turn all appliances off and read or do homework." READ MORE: Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis  “There are six of us in the house and we had to learn how we can manage as a family. We eat together and rather than everyone being on their own appliances and charging everything at once, we will use one appliance together.” Mr Asuquo said the teamwork had not only brought the family “closer together”, but it has also helped them reduce their energy consumption by 45 percent. He said: “I would say we are saving around £2,000 over the year." DON'T MISS: We visited a warm bank during the cost of living crisis [INSIGHT]Interactive map shows UK's biggest gas and electric users by postcode [ANALYSIS]Avoid daily habit that could be adding 'considerable amounts to bill'  Referencing Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis’ recent energy saving tips amid National Grid's Demand Flexibility Service events last week, Mr Asuquo said: "I completely agree with Martin Lewis' advice to try not to wash between the hours of 4pm and 7pm as they are the peak times for demand and it's putting a strain on the energy grid. You just have to ask yourself, 'Do I really need to wash my clothes at this time?'” "If not, perhaps you could wash them overnight or in the morning to reduce the likelihood of a power cut." The family have also made some additional recreational swaps to help save money too, such as organising home movie nights instead of cinema trips and making the most of free outdoor activities such as walking. In September 2022, Mr Asuquo paid £600 for draught-proofing and having his boiler serviced, to make his home more energy efficient. READ MORE: Man, 64, 'feels betrayed' as he's forced to rely on food bank  The father-of-four said this move alone helped reduce the family’s energy consumption by 40 percent. Mr Asuquo said: "You have to ask what is in your power to change. We have our heating on less and have it on a timer.” He said the kids now wrap up in hoodies and jumpers instead of having the heating on all the time. Installing a smart meter has also helped the family visually see their consumption and the kids compete to be the biggest saver each week. Mr Asuquo said: "We have a points chart and whoever doesn't leave a light on or turns a tap off gets a point. Every week the person with the most points gets to pick a treat for the rest of the family, for example, sweets or doughnuts." 