Harvey Proctor has revealed he "lived in a shed" with no heating or running water after falsely being accused of sexual offences. The former Basildon MP hit back at how allegations of sexual abuse can harm a man's career saying he has "PTSD" is "£500,000 out of pocket" and will "never be the person" he once was. Mr Proctor said he lived in the conditions for a year and a half with his partner and three dogs following the allegations against him in 1986. The former Tory MP was falsely accused of child abuse and murder with his accuser, Carl Beech, 51, currently serving 18 years in prison for perverting the course of justice. Proctor denied the claims throughout, calling his accuser a "fantasist". Beech made claims of an established paedophile ring involving politicians, generals and spies responsible for three murders. The Metropolitan Police was heavily criticised for having believed Beech too readily despite inconsistencies in his evidence including naming witnesses that did not exist. Last year Mr Proctor made a formal complaint of misconduct and malfeasance in public office by a former senior Scotland Yard officer following the investigation. The 75-year-old is now committed to helping public figures who have their reputations ruined by false allegations. READ MORE: 18-year-old stabbed to death in broad daylight 'machete' attack Speaking on the allegations in April last year he said: “In 1986-7, I was prosecuted on four charges of gross indecency. "I was and am a homosexual, I don’t promote that, but it's just a matter of fact." "In those days, the age of consent for homosexuals was unequal. Heterosexual age of consent was 16 and homosexual age of consent was 21. "Therefore in those years, I became a demon, a devil incarnate." He become one of a number of high-profile figures who signed an open letter accusing former police and crime commissioner of "presiding over a culture of incompetence and cover-up". He accused Dame Cressida of being "not good and broken, family and discredited" adding that she "clings to power". Most recently Mr Proctor slammed Sir Keir Starmer for ever considering Tom Watson, who falsely accused him of his involvement in the paedophile ring, to be a member of the House of Lords. He said: "He inaugurated the belief the victim policy, which the Metropolitan Police took up, and believed Carl Beech before even investigating him because he was allegedly a victim. "And they went on television and said that Carl Beech was credible and true when he was in fact, incredible and not true. "So Starmer should also apologise for his role as Director of Public Prosecutions. Bet he won't."