Just hours after the interview aired, royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told GB News that the Duke of Sussex and Meghan Markle are "shameless" for launching brand-new attacks on the Royal Family, particularly due to it being Harry's sister-in-law Kate's 41st birthday on January 9. Speaking to GB News, Ms Schofield said: "Can we just acknowledge he is doing this all on Catherine's birthday, the Princess of Wales. "They are just so shameless." Speaking of Harry, based on his recent interviews with ITV and 60 Minutes, the royal expert said: "This guy is so immature, when is he going to grow up?" Ms Schofield added: "He is almost 40-years-old and he is comparing tiaras and titles, whilst we are dealing with inflation, recessions, strikes and immigration issues, in both of our countries (UK and US). READ MORE: Duke’s Queen Camilla smears ‘have sealed his fate’ warning after interview bombshells "No one can relate to these conversations." On Sunday evening, during his interview with Tom Bradby, Harry highlighted crisis talks between Meghan and Kate. Mr Bradby then referred to a segment from the book, speaking about Meghan and Kate. Mr Bradby said: "At one stage, Harry recounts a clear-the-air meeting involving him, William, Kate, and Meghan. READ MORE: Harry admits he had competition for Meghan as 'six other guys' were asking about her "It seems to have gone so badly wrong that he describes Kate as gripping the edges of the leather chair so tightly that her fingers were white." Prince Harry also outlined that he was disappointed that the Palace had not corrected a story that stated that Meghan had made Kate cry in the run-up their wedding in 2018. In March 2021, Meghan told Oprah, during the couple's explosive interview, that Kate was "upset about something pertaining to... flower girl dresses", adding that, "and it made me cry". DON'T MISS Harry physically recoils after ‘scathing’ accusation about Camilla [REPORT] Piers Morgan says Prince Harry is the unhappiest ‘happy man’  [INSIGHT] Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [ANALYSIS] Meghan met Harry in July 2016, before getting engaged just 16 months later. It was previously reported that William had been concerned over how fast Harry's relationship with the former actress was going. This allegedly upset Harry, who then went on to marry Meghan in May 2018. January 8 marked three years since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their decision to step down as senior working royals.