Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has painted a bleak picture for his side, suggesting that their days of dominating the Premier League with Manchester City are behind them now. The German has declared that the standards his side set previously were ‘crazy’, but says other top clubs are emerging who are able to compete at the very top level. The Reds are currently ninth in the Premier League and are an almighty 21 points behind league leaders Arsenal. Klopp’s side headed into the campaign with hopes of winning the title, but now even finishing in the top four appears a tough task. Liverpool’s performances are not to the standard of a side that enjoyed such terrific campaigns previously, with their displays lacking confidence and fluency. The Anfield outfit’s poor form has come at a bad time for the club, with numerous sides improving markedly and capable of qualifying for the Champions League. And Liverpool currently trail several teams, such as Newcastle and Manchester United, as Klopp noted to the press. He explained: “What happened in the league with City and us in the last few years was absolutely exceptional. It is a bit embarrassing to say but the level of consistency we showed in that period is crazy. Absolutely crazy. “But we don’t use that even one per cent as an excuse to say ‘five years we have been in charge of football, now we have to watch it like this’. Consistency is really the most difficult thing to have in football and we will see how that goes for other teams when they have little drops or injuries “But it’s pretty likely it’ll get tougher for everybody up there to stay up there, to qualify for Europe, the Champions League and especially become champions. It will be absolutely difficult because of the quality of the teams, the money around and the quality of the coaches which has improved a lot as well.” Injuries and a lack of investment has also proven costly to the Reds, with the club failing to recognise key areas of their squad that are depreciating in quality. Klopp was not afraid to praise Liverpool's league rivals while speaking ahead of his side’s FA Cup fourth-round clash against Brighton on Sunday. He added: “Arsenal are a sensational team. Mikel had time pretty much with just a little bit of European football in the last few years and he is doing an outstanding job. They will not go away easily and say ‘we had a year, thank you very much.’ “United is in a really good moment, whatever happens there they will not stop investing and improving. Tottenham, Newcastle, Brighton are doing really well. We have to see how long Brighton can keep that team together. We know these kinds of things could happen so it makes it really interesting.”