Arsenal are showing a 'serious interest' in Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda, according to reports. The Gunners are looking at their next transfer targets after failing to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk. Mudryk was the top target for Mikel Arteta in the first two weeks of the January window. Arsenal made three bids for the Shakhtar Donetsk winger. However, Chelsea stormed in with an £88million offer on Saturday and secured a deal. Arsenal have just over a fortnight to consider their options in the market. Barcelona star Raphinha is reportedly a target again after they failed to sign the Brazilian from Leeds last summer. But Arteta is also looking at strengthening in other positions. The Telegraph claims there is strong interest from Arsenal in Fresneda. The Premier League leaders would prefer a summer deal for the 18-year-old, who doesn't turn 19 until September. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, interest from elsewhere could force them into a deal in this window. Newcastle are also claimed to be keen on the teenager, who is valued at between £10m and £15m. Fresneda has made just 11 senior appearances for Valladolid since making his debut earlier this season. But he has seemingly done enough to attract interest from clubs across Europe. Fresneda could be a direct replacement for Cedric Soares at the Emirates. Cedric is wanted by Fulham and hasn't been in the last two match-day squads. Ben White has been the first-choice right-back for Arteta this season, leapfrogging Takehiro Tomiyasu in that position. But Fresneda would provide an alternative option. DON'T MISSArsenal have four cheaper alternatives to Mudryk as Chelsea snap up £88m aceManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Fresneda spent four years in the Real Madrid academy between 2014 and 2018 before joining Leganes. He signed for Valladolid in 2020 and has represented Spain at under-18 and under-19 level. Fresneda played for Valladolid in their 1-0 loss at home to Rayo Vallecano on Saturday. He is yet to score or assist from right-back in his nine La Liga outings. But Valladolid boss Pacheta can understand the interest in the player, whose contract expires in 2025. Speaking in December, Pacheta said: "It is a fantastic acquisition. "Although I want him to stay here, I understand the club and I am aligned with it in everything it does regarding the players. It is good for the player that he can continue playing, but I am sure he will do so wherever he goes."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here