Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has his own Cesc Fabregas in Martin Odegaard. That is the opinion of former defender Mikael Silvestre, who has compared the current Gunners captain to one of his predecessors. Odegaard is undoubtedly having his best spell in an Arsenal shirt. The Norwegian has seven goals and five assists in 16 Premier League appearances so far this season. He was handed the armband by Arteta in the summer and has led from the front, with Arsenal flying high at the top of the table. Silvestre spent two years at Arsenal between 2008 and 2010, making 43 appearances. Fabregas was the club captain during his time in north London after first being appointed into the role by Arsene Wenger at the age of 21. Odegaard was 23 when he took on the responsibility. But Silvestre can see similarities, both in the way they lead and their playing style. Silvestre told Betting Expert: "You know when Cesc Fabregas was made captain, it was quite similar (to Odegaard as captain). READ MORE: Man Utd could sign another three players this month after Jack Butland  "Very young but you are the best on the pitch. We’ve seen Martin talking to players, taking responsibility on big moments where you have to rally players around you and take an important free-kick. "He took yellow cards when it was needed. He’s really stepping up. He’s a real, real asset for Arsenal and he’s growing into a technical leader, complimenting the vocal leadership of Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey." Silvestre has stopped short of comparing Odegaard to another attacking midfielder in Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne. He added: "I think Odegaard and De Bruyne are different players. "Martin is confirming all the good things that he’s shown over the years and he’s confirming the reason why he was given the armband. He’s confirming the transfer which was originally a loan. A loan made permanent." DON'T MISSFour cheaper wingers Arsenal could sign if Chelsea snatch MudrykFabregas returns to Arsenal for new career after Chelsea and Barcelona spellsLiverpool may accelerate signing as Van Dijk injury worse than first feared  Odegaard also caught the eye of Wenger last week when the legendary former boss attended the Boxing Day win over West Ham. Wenger also compared the 24-year-old to his old skipper. Wenger told TV2: "He really is like a young Cesc Fabregas. I think he has developed into a complete player. "He is a very calm player who analyses the game well. He has his feet firmly planted on the ground. I am super impressed. "He really is a down-to-earth and nice boy. The way he analyses the game. He also did that as a 15-year-old... The sharpness! I am really impressed."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here