Austin Butler, 31, who won a Golden Globe for his portrayal of the iconic singer in the hit movie Elvis, paid tribute to the Presley family and thanked them for support during the making of the Baz Luhrmann biopic. In his acceptance speech, he said: “I want to thank the Presley family. Thank you, Guys. "Thank you for opening your hearts, your memories, and your home to me. Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever.” Lisa and her mother Priscilla, 77, were in the audience to see the talented young star pick up his award. The award ceremony was held just two days after Lisa was rushed to hospital after reportedly suffering a cardiac arrest at her California home. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Fans flocked to social media to comment on the impact of the young star's touching tribute. One fan wrote: "Austin Butler thanking Priscilla and Lisa Marie Presley two days ago is extra powerful now… RIP Lisa Marie." Golden Globe event organisers also commented on her death and said that Lisa Marie had been a welcome presence at the 80th award ceremony. Releasing a statement, they said: “We are incredibly saddened to hear of the passing of Lisa Marie Presley, may you rest in peace.”  Lisa was rushed to hospital after suffering a suspected cardiac arrest at her home yesterday.   Her mother Priscilla released a statement to People after her death, which read: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us.   "She was the most passionate, strong, and loving woman I have ever known."   Celebrity friends flocked to pay tribute to the singer-songwriter and only child of music legend Elvis Presley.       DONT MISS: Dancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row Isla Fisher mocks Prince Harry's claim William 'broke his necklace' John Travolta was one of the first to react to the news of the star's sad death.   Taking to Instagram he wrote: “Lisa Baby girl, I’m so sorry. I'll miss you but I know I’ll see you again. My love and heart go out to Riley, Priscilla, Harper, and Finley.” (sic)   Singer LeAnn Rimes posted: “I hope she is at peace in her dad's arms. My heart goes out to her family. Too much grief in just a couple of years.”   While actress and former King of Queens star Leah Remini said: “I’m heartbroken over the passing of Lisa Marie Presley. “She did not have an easy life, as some might think. May she be at peace, resting with her son and father now.   “Her mom Priscilla and her three daughters, Riley, Finley, and Harper, are in my prayers.”   American songwriter Diane Warren added: “Oh no. This is such horrible news.   “The entire world is sending love and prayers to Priscilla and Lisa Marie’s children right now. May it give you strength.”