Chillies are easy to grow in January whether you have a garden or not, though according to gardening expert Monty Don, there are a few extra steps you can take to ensure a "successful" crop every time. Giving the small seeds plenty of space to grow and lots of rich soil are just two things to consider, along with watering and feeding young plants. Sharing advice in his latest blog post, the Gardeners' World host revealed his "secret" to growing chilli plants at home. While there are plenty of things to get done in the garden during January, Monty noted that chillies are "always the first seeds" that he sows in the new year. He said: "They can be slow to germinate and certainly need some heat, either on a heated bench or on a windowsill above a radiator. "Because of this, I tend to sow them in seed trays rather than plugs and then transplant them to plugs as soon as the seedlings develop true leaves, potting them on again in March and then to their final terracotta pots in May." Planting the small seeds is easy to do in a few minutes, though according to the gardening expert, the key to success comes after sowing them. READ MORE: Mum-of-four saves hundreds transforming old IKEA table Monty wrote: "The  secret of successful chilli growing - other than plenty of light and heat - is to allow each plant as much time and opportunity to become big and bushy, feeding it weekly with a high nitrogen fertiliser." Any kind of feed will benefit the plant though the Gardeners' World host recommended using liquid nettle feed, as he does at home. If like Monty, you want to make it yourself, you can do so using nettle tea and water. Dilute one part nettle tea to 10 parts water and apply liberally to your chilli plants. The feed should be applied until the first flower buds start to appear in June before switching to a high potash feed - either liquid seaweed or homemade comfrey are "ideal". According to the gardening expert, these will stimulate "as many flowers and subsequent fruits as possible", on what should be an already large plant at the time of application. DON'T MISS:Gardener shares ‘organic solution’ for killing patio weeds [INSIGHT]David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant [REVEAL]Crops to sow and plant in January - ‘beautiful blooms’ by spring [LATEST] Though feeding is crucial to raise a fruitful chilli plant, watering is equally as important. As with most young seedlings, chillies need "plenty of water" without being waterlogged and unable to drain. To avoid this, Monty suggested using a free-draining compost and to follow one simple rule when it comes to watering them. He said to "never water them after 5pm to avoid the risk of them sitting overnight in soggy compost". READ MORE: 'I'm an interior designer and I am so tired of these boring features' Allowing the compost to become overloaded with water leaves the plant to remain damp overnight which creates the perfect environment for fungal diseases and infections to take over. Instead, you should water in the mornings, if you can, as this is when the sun comes up and plants will start to use water. Doing so also means the foliage and soil surface is also likely to stay drier for longer than evening watering, discouraging slugs, snails and mildew. The experts at Thompson and Morgan explained that for a healthy plant, you should aim to keep the compost "evenly moist", without ever letting it turn soaking wet. Choosing the perfect chillies to grow from seeds is essential if you're going to dedicate time and money to them in the first few months of growth, and there are plenty to choose from. The Thompson and Morgan team recommended planting a few different varieties to find the one that suits you. They suggested:  