Karren Brady, 53, has addressed Prince Harry's book Spare in her latest column following new polling that saw a "steep decline" in the Duke of Sussex's popularity. The Apprentice star suggested the only member of the Royal Family who was left "unscathed" was Camilla. Recent polls suggest the Sussexes' reputation is tarnished in both the UK and the US. While an Ipsos Mori poll released last week claims that Prince William and Kate have taken a popularity hit in the UK following the publication of Prince Harry’s memoir Spare, the Prince of Wales remains at the top of the pile for Britain’s favourite royal. But a Newsweek poll suggests that as much as Spare has damaged the Royal Family, it may not have helped Harry and Meghan themselves, with their US popularity dropping from +38 and +23 to -7 and -13 respectively. Writing in her column for The Sun, the businesswoman admitted she is not "surprised" Harry's popularity has dipped, adding that since his book was published things appear to have "escalated". READ MORE: Rita Ora's appearance on The Masked Singer leaves viewers distracted She wrote: "And it’s having an impact on the wider family, too. "All members of the Royal Family were found to be less popular in recent days than they had been in December, except for the Queen Consort, whose popularity rating did not change. "In his book, Harry charmingly mused over whether Camilla would become his 'wicked stepmother' and recalls begging Charles not to marry her." The BBC star said there was a "pleasing irony" that Camilla was the only royal "who remains unscathed".  "But if Harry wants to improve those ratings then he’d be wise to put a sock in it," Karren finished. Karren's comments come after Harry shared mixed feelings about his stepmother in his memoir, Spare. As US host Anderson Cooper narrated in the 60 Minutes interview: "Prince Harry's memoir Spare is anything but spare in its unflattering portrayal of the royal family, especially his stepmother, Camilla, Queen Consort." Camilla, Prince Harry told Cooper, is dangerous, "because of the need for her to rehabilitate her image." DON'T MISS... Michael J Fox admits early onset Parkinson's drove him to alcoholism[LATEST]Gwyneth Paltrow, 50, dubbed 'perfection' as she sports underwear[PICTURES]Kylie Jenner finally announces son's name and shares his photo[INSTAGRAM] He continued: "That made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade of information. And with a family built on hierarchy, and with her, on the way to being Queen consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." As Harry writes in Spare, "I had complex feelings about gaining a stepparent, who I thought had recently sacrificed me on her personal PR altar." In another passage of the book, the Duke of Sussex recalls not wanting his dad to marry Camilla. He penned: "'We support you,' we said, 'We endorse Camilla,' we said. 'Just please don’t marry her, just be together, Pa.'" But, he continues: "He didn’t answer. But she answered. Straight away. Shortly after our private summits with her, she began to play the long game." It has since been claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Prince Andrew are "unlikely" to join the King and Queen Consort on the balcony during the Coronation, to be held on May 6, according to The Mail on Sunday. It is currently unconfirmed whether Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle will attend.