Pep Guardiola has told Erling Haaland he likes his new fired-up version and urged him to stay on the front foot against Chelsea. Haaland’s dazzling 2022 finished with spiky display on New Year’s Eve in which he became embroiled in a running battle with Everton defender Ben Godfrey. But far from telling his striker to rein in emotions ahead of tonight’s visit to Stamford Bridge, Guardiola says he wants to see more of the same. “I like it, the extra limit. Not just him, everyone. His behaviours, you always have to use your head. But play with this passion. That is necessary. I prefer that than to be flat,” said the City boss. “Strikers have to handle tough, tough central defenders. It's necessary. He will have a battle with Kalidou Koulibaly and Thiago Silva. Always it's a big challenge but that's why the Premier League is so special.” Godfrey had set the tone early against Haaland last Saturday catching him in the first minute when challenging for a header and landing on his heel.  The City striker responded first by scoring and celebrating in Godfrey’s face, then by whipping up the crowd and himself and being booked for a rash lunging challenge on Victor Mykolenko. “I've said many times, a lot of things can improve. As much as he scores goals, it's OK but he still has a margin to improve many things,” said Guardiola. “Of course, he's young and he will be better in the future.” Haaland could do serious harm to Chelsea this week in two encounters which could see City close the gap on Arsenal to four points tonight then knock the Blues out of the FA Cup on Sunday at the Etihad. It is a possible outcome which would add to building pressure on Blues boss Graham Potter after a miserable run which has seen them take just six points from a possible 21 since beating Aston Villa on October 19.   “It will be a tough, tough game but we have to reduce the gap on Arsenal by playing good and winning games,” said Guardiola of tonight’s visit to west London. “They could do more than 100 points if they keep this average and we will not catch them, so we have to be almost perfect and hope they drop points.” City continue to be without Ruben Dias and will assess Aymeric Laporte today. Guardiola said Kyle Walker, who has been out with niggling injury problems since coming back from the World Cup, is closing in on a return. Guardiola may also give a first post World Cup start to Phil Foden who has been out of favour since Qatar. Academy graduate Rico Lewis has signalled he has a bright future at City with a string of impressive displays in Walker’s absence.   But Guardiola said the England full back’s experience was needed back in the group as he eyes a second half of the campaign still live on four fronts. “On Tuesday he made the first good training session since coming back. He has niggles and some problems and could not train. That was the first time I saw the Kyle I know. “We need Kyle back as soon as possible at his best. Definitely. We need him. Rico is not going to solve the problems, he is going to help us. “We know what Kyle can do because he’s shown it for a long, long time.” Probable team: Ederson; Lewis, Stones, Akanji, Cancelo; De Bruyne, Rodri, Gundogan; Mahrez, Haaland, Foden 