Manchester United are prepared to battle Arsenal and Chelsea to sign Declan Rice this summer. The Red Devils have already started work on beating their Premier League rivals to the West Ham United captain's signature as Erik ten Hag eyes further midfield upgrades. Ten Hag recruited Christian Eriksen and Casemiro in his first transfer window as United manager, which has gone a long way in turning the club's fortunes around on the pitch. But it's no secret that the free capture of Eriksen was a short-term fix. His long-winded pursuit of Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong said as much. The Dutchman wants to add another box-to-box midfielder to his ranks as he shifts his rebuild up a gear this year; he'll hope with Champions League football on offer. And with De Jong thought to be content at the Nou Camp, Ten Hag has reportedly turned his attention to Rice. According to the Guardian, Arsenal is considered a more likely destination for Rice than Chelsea, especially with the Gunners' return to Europe's premier competition looking certain. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Chelsea went three successive summers without signing the 24-year-old, leaving the door open for Arsenal, who have the funds to complete a deal. But United could have a say in Rice's next move and are 'very much in the running' for his signature at the end of the season. The report adds that, like Arsenal, the Old Trafford giants have already laid some groundwork for a summer switch. West Ham previously valued Rice at £150million, but with him entering the final 24 months of his contract in July, pressure is mounting to cash in on their most prized asset. DON'T MISS: Chelsea signing Mykhaylo Mudryk is bad news for six players United could be faced with the ultimate transfer ultimatum, with Ten Hag also expected to prioritise a long-term striker to replace Cristiano Ronaldo. After overspending in his first summer, splashing north of £200m, the Red Devils are likely to have to choose between a marquee striker or midfielder. David de Gea's successor is also at the forefront of plans, despite the Spaniard nearing a new contract. But even with new owners expected, Financial Fair Play rules are set to limit the club's spending. That said, United's early movements to lure a long-term target in Rice to M16 suggest Ten Hag is determined to bolster his midfield engine room for a second year running. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here