As the police net closed around him he needed to escape this country. He needed a new and false passport under another name. Then he remembered a book he had read called The Day Of The Jackal. Actually, I wrote it, back in 1970. In it, I described exactly how crooks and conmen could do exactly that and get away with it.  The key to the fraud was to obtain the full name and details of someone who had never even applied for a passport, secure (legally) a copy of their birth certificate and use it to apply. Then if the Passport Office checked the records they would discover no such person had ever applied before, and presume the new application was genuine, and in exchange for a fee, mail a pristine and genuine British passport. Stonehouse noted that a newsagent in his constituency, Joseph Markham, had just died. He went to visit the widowed Mrs Markham, ostensibly to offer condolences. But he repeatedly asked if her late husband had ever had a passport. The answer was no, he had never been abroad. So Stonehouse applied in that name. A valid passport was issued, and he took it and disappeared. Shortly after, he flew to Florida, left a pile of clothes on a beach and vanished into the sea. Death by drowning was presumed. Case closed. But the shrewd Mrs Markham remembered his bizarre enquiries about her husband and alerted the police. They reopened the case. Checks revealed a passport for Joseph Markham had indeed been granted by the Passport Office.  Further checks showed a Joseph Markham had flown out of Miami for Australia. At the PO the face staring out of the application form was that of John Stonehouse. The Australian police quickly located the Joseph Markham, who had flown in from the USA and Stonehouse was soon arrested and escorted back to the UK. Thus it was a combination of a passage in a novel and the sharp mind of Mrs Markham that really brought him down.  Very few, I suspect, will look back on 2022 with fond recall. It was an awful year. Our continent was racked by a vicious war launched on the Ukraine by a vicious man, Vladimir Putin. Many nations, with the UK rightly in the lead, stripped out our military weaponry to help them and this will now have to be replaced, at even more cost to the already struggling taxpayer. Our energy markets, through sheer incompetence, collapsed and sent the cost of keeping the radiators warm and the lights on into the stratosphere. Eco-insanity still prevents us from restoring our energy sources with our own in-country assets. They are there, begging to be used, but our palsied rulers insist on imports. Our bloated public sector grew and grew, with a wage bill that beggars all the rest of us. The disaster of Covid and lockdowns I have dealt with elsewhere. But human nature insists on a bit of optimism. Without it we might as well just walk into the sea. So 2023 may well see the final fall of Putin as the self-seeking rabble around him turns on a failed tyrant and the Russian people rise against his madness. New energy sources should come on stream if the job is left to businessmen and go-getters from industry and commerce. A talent-based economy ought to recover enough to ease the cost-of-living nightmare. Until then let me wish all the readers of this column as good a 2023 as possible. Spring will come, spirits will rise with the sun, the blossom and the songbirds; remember, we are the Brits. We have been through this before and we always come back stronger than before. And we are going to do it again.  Public opinion polls should never be our government but they are a valuable guide to what the governed actually want and it is a foolish or arrogant politico or bureaucrat who just junks them. Two end-of-year polls show very clearly which are the highest get-rid-of desires of the British. One is the astonishing 47,000 immigrants ambling ashore along our southern beaches, with 10,000 of them Albanians and half of them coming to join their gangs already here. Onward flights to Rwanda are not an option because illegals will vaporise into their established communities as soon as they suspect what is in store for them if they stick around. It must be a flight straight back home for all but those desperately and necessarily seeking sanctuary. That would cost us, but less than at present. The other leading “cancel” demand is for HS2, with over £10billion already spent on landscape destruction and £100billion more to come. Yet the wallies in our government cling to this white elephant because there are now so many official egos involved. If Rishi Sunak has half a brain he will realise that these two reforms alone would probably prevent his wipe-out at the next election.  The onward march of “woke” stupidity continues unchecked. Academics at Warwick University have warned students that Sir Walter Scott’s classic Ivanhoe portrays anti-black and anti-Jewish bigotry and the poor darlings may need to be protected from all such references. Well, actually it was set in medieval England just after the Third Crusade when attitudes were a tad less tolerant than today. But do our brightest young intellects (so-called) need to be told that by the nannies in mortarboards? Perhaps I should issue a few warnings of my own. Those of ultra-Right wing views might need to be warned that in The Odessa File there are impolite references to post-war Germans who keep raising their right hands and shouting Heil Hitler. And as for The Dogs Of War, there are references to white mercenaries in 1960s Africa carrying guns and shooting people. So, diddums, do be warned.  If ever further proof were needed that the entire lockdown policy operated by the Government at the insistence of the now-ennobled idiots on the Sage Committee was an unmitigated disaster for Britain new releases provide it. As ever, the key lies in damning figures – specifically one called “excess mortality”. This itemises the deaths over and above the seasonal national average (natural causes) not attributable in any way to Covid. Of 31 countries studied, Sweden, the one country that refused to apply lockdown, had the lowest at 6.7 percent. Ours was 24.5 percent. If ever a man deserves an honour and a statue it is Anders Tegnell, inset, Swedish equivalent of our witless Chris Whitty, now Sir Christopher of course. He stuck by his guns – a view that lockdown did more harm than good – and was mercifully backed by the government in Stockholm. Right across Europe, he was vilified by the idiots, including ours. Sweden closed down not one theatre, concert hall, restaurant, bar, shop or school. Social damage was nil; ours disastrous, especially for the elderly and the young.  For us birdwatchers – not real twitchers but the lazybones who watch the lawn from the kitchen window – the robin is a real star. Polls show this chirpy, red-breasted fellow is the favourite British bird of them all. But actually, he is intensely territorial and prepared to fight all comers for his piece of ground and its surrounding foliage. I mention this because it looks as if Chateau Fred is now the home to four generations of them and there may be a fifth gestating somewhere in the hedge. They have an effortless food source in the suet balls dangling from rods on the lawn, and these they dominate. How odd to think that this chirpy little charmer to us is a bit of a thug to all the tits, finches, warblers and chats who would like to share our garden with him. 