During the chat show, hosts Dermot O'Leary and Josie Gibson sparked a debate with This Morning regulars Matthew Wright, Vanessa Feltz and Camilla Tominey about Prince Harry's latest claims. As part of the Duke of Sussex's tell-all memoir Spare was leaked, the group gave their view on his approach towards the Royal Family. In part of the leaked segment of the book, which is set to be published next week, Prince Harry detailed how his brother Prince William "physically attacked" him back in 2019. According to the Guardian, the pair were at Harry's home when he claimed his brother called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive", a criticism Harry described as "parrot[ing of] the press narrative". Harry alleged the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". The section has made headlines on Thursday as media personalities discuss the latest claims. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' As the This Morning guests talked about the shocking revelations, Camilla argued the Royal Family has been taking a "dignified silence" approach to Harry's claims as she defended Prince William. "The Royal Family's reasonableness in all this makes it seem even more unreasonable as the days go on," she stated. "So this policy probably is the right one -" however, Matthew cut in to argue against her points. "I just find the idea that you think the palace aren't briefing against them as just naive in the extreme!" he fumed. The presenter continued: "I think there's relentless briefing going on! Whether it's done directly or by the Daily Mail..." "But Matt, Matt, Matt!" Camilla repeated as he tried to carry on speaking. "Just let me have a moment," he hit back, but Camilla quickly cut in. "Do you not think people can make their own minds up?" she asked. DON'T MISS... Karren Brady details off-screen friendship with The Apprentice star [EXCLUSIVE] Eamonn Holmes confirms return to GB News after 'hellish' operation [LATEST]BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage [VIDEO] Matt added: "I've been in the news game for 30 years, and I can assure you the palace does brief against people - as you well know!" "I'm not saying that the palace doesn't engage in reactive briefing," Camilla remarked. "But they're not maintaining a dignified silence!" Matt pointed out. "They're just not saying anything directly! They say it through their agents." "But Matt, you've referenced Jeremy Clarkson... and we could say people watching this show can form an opinion without needing to be briefed by anybody," Camilla commented. "But opinions are formed by briefs," Matt claimed. "That's what happens!" Vanessa quickly chimed: "That's very different though to responding to individual detail..." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.