That 90s Show transported fans back to 1995 as the period drama revived the characters 20 years after the end of That 70s Show. As well as the likes of Eric Foreman (played by Topher Grace) and Donna Pinciotti (Laura Prepon), fans were thrilled to see Michael (Ashton Kutcher) and Jackie (Mila Kunis) make an appearance. That 70s Show had a hugely successful run on screens from 1998 to 2006. After Netflix’s major announcement, fans were thrilled to see the beloved sitcom revived and continue the story of the Foreman family. Set 20 years after the finale, That 90s Show revealed  Eric and Donna were happily married in Chicago and parents to their teenage daughter, Leia (Callie Haverda). Viewers were treated to a trip down memory lane as the family returned to Point Place, Wisconsin to visit Eric’s parents Kitty (Debra Jo Rupp) and Red (Kurtwood Smith). READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update Much like her parents did in the original sitcom, Leia bonded with the neighbour Gwen (Ashley Aufderheide) and spent the summer raving and getting up to no good with her friends. As well as Leia and Gwen the new friendship group consisted of Gwen’s half-brother Nate (Maxwell Donovan), his girlfriend Nikki (Sam Morelos), Ozzie (Reyn Doi) and Jay Kelso (Mace Coronel). Fans were pleasantly surprised to discover Jay was Michael and Jackie’s son.  Soon, the thrill turned into hysteria when Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis made a surprise cameo to reprise their characters, Michael and Jackie. Taking to Twitter with excitement, @megaynfox shared: “WHEN I TELL YOU I SCREAMED DURING THE ENTIRE SCENE!!! MILA KUNIS MY BELOVED #That90sShow.” A fascinated @DemigodShmurda tweeted: “Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis' performances are identical to the original, it even has a laugh track! They actually got it right!” A third fan added: “They really gave us Mila Kunis as Jackie Burkhart in 2023 looking better than ever.” DON'T MISS...BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [INSIGHT]That 90s Show release time and episodes explained for Netflix revival [INSIGHT]That 90s Show is welcoming back stars from the original sitcom [INSIGHT] A nostalgic @PhxraohMindsxt remarked: “Exceptionally satisfying. Might rewatch the original." As @StefSWriter stated: “They even threw a "Damn, Jackie!" in there. Ashton and Mila nailed this. lol 10/10.” While @wyattdimitri demanded: “We need more Mila and Ashton.” The new generation of friends took residence in the basement and got high off some old drugs they found among the board games Kitty gave them. Michael was back in the Wisconsin kitchen chatting with Red and giving Kitty a hug, as he joked: “We need to talk about your granddaughter’s intentions with my boy.” This was when Jackie burst onto the scene nagging at Michael and revealing they were getting remarried. This was a nod to their on-and-off-again relationship as Michael confirmed: “It’s our second re-marriage.”  That 90’s Show is available to stream on Netflix. 