Research from Electricals provider Freemans found that 16 percent of Brits have purchased or are planning to buy a slow cooker last year after it was shown to be one of the most effective energy-saving appliances in the kitchen. It’s a clever way to limit oven use and also cook big portions without spending much time. With over 17,000 reviews, the Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Smart Cooker is one of the Amazon’s most popular slow cookers and has been slashed with a big deal. It’s now cut down to £54.99 from £89.99, saving £35 off its usual price, which is an absolute bargain. Slow cookers are a great investment to any kitchen as they have been reported to help save 60 percent less electricity than a conventional oven, which is especially important as Brits look for more ways to save on energy bills during the cost of living crisis. Not only is the Instant Pot Duo Smart Cooker energy efficient, it also is versatile to cook a variety of foods and can speed up hours of cooking into 30 minutes. The Instant Pot Duo boasts seven functions and can be used as a rice cooker, slow cooker, pressure cooker, yoghurt maker, sauté, steamer and to warm food. Designed with a large 5.7 litre capacity, it has been shown to make one pot meals 70 percent faster, making it a great pick for big households or those that are short on time. Plus, it already has 13 one-touch programs so you don’t need to follow complicated recipes to achieve flavourful dishes like stews, curries and more. It’s only on sale for a short time, so be sure to order it soon. Shoppers have praised it for its safety features, versatility and the fact that it’s easy to clean. Janet Lau commented: “Saves a lot of time and energy. I mostly use it as a meat set and it is truly amazing and almost life changing.” George agreed: “I’m so glad I bought this pressure cooker as it saves me so much time cooking which will save me money on energy bills.” LG added: “I've been using it for 2 months now and noticed that our energy bills dropped, this pot is definitely more energy efficient than gas cooking / steaming - and it makes sense as there's a lot less heat escaping during cooking vs gas hob.”