The benefits is means tested, meaning the amount a person receives varies depending on their situation. The Claimant Commitment outlines a person’s responsibilities they have to accept to receive Universal Credit payments. The document will include details of what a person agrees to do to prepare for and look for work, and how they need to look to increase their earnings if they are in work. These requirements will be based on a person’s circumstances and will be reviewed and updated regularly. Whenever the commitment is updated, a person will be required to accept a new Claimant Commitment, or face the possibility of sanctions on their payments. The Claimant Commitment will include details warning a person what will happen if they fail to meet each of their responsibilities. READ MORE: State pensioners could be owed £10,000 in back payments due to DWP error Consequences may include a reduction in a person’s benefit, known as a sanction, if they fail to meet their obligations, and cannot provide a valid reason why. A recent debate in Parliament revealed the number of sanctions issued by local Jobcentres had increased 250 percent in the three months before the pandemic. A person can view their latest Claimant Commitment online through their account, and can add an update to their progress towards their goals. For couples, both people will need to agree to an individual Claimant Commitment, and each person may see their commitment affected if their partner starts work or their situation changes. DON'T MISS: Britons urged to check their eligibility for Cold Weather Payment [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Households can save over £800 on gas bills with DIY heating tip [EXPLAINED] The daily sanctions that will affect a claimant’s payment for however long their sanction lasts are: READ MORE: Over 50s could be made exempt from income tax for a year to get more Britons into work   If a person makes a Universal Credit claim and they have children, they will need to nominate a main carer. If a claimant is a single parent or the main carer, their responsibilities will change as their youngest child gets older. This is how a person’s obligations will be affected depending on the age of their child: There are exceptions from the requirements. If a medical professional has said the claimant may have less than 12 months to live, they will not need a Claimant Commitment. Universal Credit payments are to increase by 10.1 percent in April, along with many other benefits. This will provide a payment boost of around £600 a year for the average family on the benefit. With the uprating, monthly payments will go up to: