Mark Ruskell, a Green Member of the Scottish Parliament, has campaigned for lower speed limits since 2019, even proposing a bill at Holyrood. Although this was ultimately voted down, he has continued to call for residential streets to cap speed limits at 20mph to boost safety for more vulnerable road users. The basis of his idea has been adopted by the Welsh Government which plans to slash limits on most restricted roads from September 17 this year. Restricted roads include street lights placed no more than 200 yards apart and are usually located in residential and built-up areas with high pedestrian activity. Other local authorities have taken steps to limit speeds on certain roads, with some country roads being cut from 60mph down to 20mph. Mr Ruskell, the MSP for Mid Scotland and Fife, said: “I think we are at a nationwide tipping point, and I think in a few years’ time, the whole UK will inevitably be 20mph as default. READ MORE: Drivers urged to wear gloves when pumping fuel to avoid illness “There will be exceptions that will be needed on urban roads that are more arterial in nature, for key bus routes into towns and cities, but 30mph will no longer be the default speed limit where people live, work and play. “It has been the default for generations, and now it’s now,” he told the i. Around 80 percent of Edinburgh’s streets have a 20mph speed limit, with a recent study finding the policy had cut road deaths by one-quarter. The SNP’s coalition agreement with the Greens states that all “appropriate” roads in built-up areas will have a speed limit of 20mph by 2025. DON'T MISSMorrisons introduces major change to all UK fuel stations to cut costs [IMPORTANT]Electric car sales reach record high and overtake diesel [SHOCKING]'Terrifying' smart motorways should be scrapped to protect drivers [WARNING] 20mph zones have also been trialled in Northern Ireland, with Belfast acting as a test case. Many councils adopted measures over the years, especially around schools where the risks from speeding are much higher. When driving at 30mph, the average stopping distance is around 23 metres, including nine metres of thinking distance and 14 metres of actual braking. However, when travelling at 20mph, the stopping distance is almost cut in half, with six metres of both thinking and braking distance. READ MORE: UK motorists risk huge fines when driving in Europe this winter The new law changes could be introduced in 2025 in Scotland, while Wales will see the new rules launched later this year following a campaign from the Welsh Sennedd. It is estimated that these changes will apply to 35 percent of roads in Wales. The Welsh Government highlighted that not all roads currently at 30mph will be suitable to change to 20mph, with these roads being known as exceptions. It is hoped these changes will result in a number of benefits including a reduction in road collisions, more opportunities to walk and cycle and safeguarding of the environment for future generations. The Welsh 20mph Task Force Group was formed in May 2019 on the direction of Lee Waters, the then Deputy Minister for Economy and Transport. Eight communities were selected for the first phase of the 20mph national programme and introduced the slower speed limits from July 2021 until May 2022. The Government ran a consultation between July and September 2021 and found that 53 percent of respondents said they were against the 20mph speed limit. It is estimated that it will cost £33million to introduce the 20mph speed limits in Wales, although ministers claim that the national will save £58million over 30 years. This is because of reduced demand for emergency services and fewer people requiring hospital treatment.