Tottenham face the same transfer fate as their north London rivals Arsenal as Nottingham Forest could hijack their attempts to sign Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo. Forest have signed a whole host of new players since being promoted back to the Premier League and are closing in on Gunners target Danilo. Tottenham enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League season as they racked up 23 points from their opening 10 games. But the wheels have come off in recent months and the Lilywhites have won just three of their last nine encounters. Manager Antonio Conte is desperate to bolster his squad this month after falling five points behind fourth-place Manchester United in the top-flight table. And, according to Gazzetta dello Sport, they are considering a transfer swoop for Zaniolo before the January transfer window closes. Zaniolo has started 12 of Roma’s 18 Serie A matches this season, with his team currently three points outside of the top four. The 23-year-old attacking midfielder, who has won 11 caps for Italy, also appeared in three Europa League games in the autumn but was sent off against Real Betis as Roma ultimately finished second in their group. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Zaniolo could be available on the cheap as he has less than 18 months remaining on his current contract. And his future at the Stadio Olimpico is uncertain anyway after he was jeered by some Roma supporters during his team’s 1-0 Coppa Italia win over Genoa last Thursday. The Roma hierarchy are said to be irritated by the player’s recent performances and general attitude. He also ruled himself out of playing in Roma's 2-0 win over Fiorentina, citing illness, and there has been no progress over a new deal. A move to north London could work out for all parties if the player can rediscover his form at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. But Forest are also keen to prise him away from Italy, as are West Ham. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private   If Zaniolo does end up moving to the City Ground, the transfer will have echoes of Forest’s pursuit of Danilo. Danilo has starred for Palmeiras in Brazil since breaking into the first team as a teenager back in 2020 and was tipped to complete a move to Arsenal last summer. But the 21-year-old has now reportedly agreed to move to the east Midlands in a £17.8million deal. Conte is under pressure after Spurs’ recent downturn in fortunes and will be desperate to get back to winning ways sooner rather than later following their 2-0 loss to Arsenal on the weekend. And the Italian certainly won’t want to be beaten to a new signing by a team who were playing in the Championship last season. 