Countries and communities affected will receive the money over the next nine years as the Church of England attempts to ''address past wrongs''. The move is set to spark criticism from parishes which are struggling to survive financially as a bloated CofE bureaucracy grows ever larger.  The new fund follows a Church Commissioners 2022 interim report looking into the origins of its investments. It found that the Queen Anne’s Bounty, a financial scheme established in the 18th century, was linked to transatlantic chattel slavery: the enslaving and owning of human beings and their children as property. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, the chairman of the Church Commissioners, on Tuesday acknowledged the lack of investment into local parish churches. As he apologised again for any historic ties to slavery, he said: “I am deeply sorry for these links. It is now time to take action to address our shameful past. “It’s hard to do this at a time when resources in many parishes are so stretched, but by acting rightly, we open ourselves to the blessing of God.” In 1959, there were 13,075 paid clergy and 250 diocesan support staff. Latest figures show there are now 7,210 paid clergy and 6,500 diocesan support staff.  The £100m will be spent ‘“investing for a better and fairer future for all, particularly for communities affected by historic slavery”, the Church said. An oversight group is also to be set up this year with “significant membership from communities impacted by historic slavery” to help shape and deliver a response to the report. The report’s writers found that the Queen Anne’s Bounty fund “invested significant amounts” of its funds in the South Sea Company, a firm founded in 1711 to refinance England’s national debt which was awarded the monopoly on Britain’s trade of enslaved people to the Spanish Americas. They estimate that the South Sea Company transported 34,000 slaves “in crowded, unsanitary, unsafe and inhumane conditions” during its 30 years of operation. “A significant portion of the Bounty’s income during the 18th century was derived from sources that may be linked to transatlantic chattel slavery, principally interest and dividends on South Sea Company annuities and benefactions from wealthy individuals,” according to the report. Queen Anne’s Bounty funds were subsumed into the Church Commissioners’ endowment when it was created in 1948. The Bishop of Manchester, the Right Reverend Dr David Walker, deputy chairman of the Church Commissioners, said he was also “deeply sorry” for the fund’s “shaming” historic links to the slave trade. He added: “We will seek to address past wrongs by investing in a better future, which we plan to do with the response plan announced today, including the £100 million funding commitment we are making. “We hope this will create a lasting positive legacy, serving and enabling communities impacted by slavery.” 