Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent has ruled to "only trust official information" as he shot down claims of a monster bid from Chelsea. The Blues are currently going head-to-head with Arsenal for the 22-year-old winger but so far, the Gunners are the only side to have submitted a formal proposal for the jet-heeled forward. Arsenal's latest offer - understood to be worth £62million including add-ons - was shot down by Shakhtar chiefs, who continue to point suitors towards their £85m asking price. Yet in Ukraine, there have been mummers of a £70m proposal from Chelsea as relayed by SportArena. But speaking to Mudryk's agent Oleksiy Alyokhin, the outlet was able to gain clarity on Chelsea's pursuit of the Ukrainian international attacker. Alyokhin said: "Mudryk is a Shakhtar player and the decision on his transfer will be made by the management of the Donetsk club. Mykhaylo is now preparing to go with Shakhtar to the collection. Trust only official information." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Mudryk is due to report for Shakhtar's training camp in Turkey on January 10 ahead of their return to competitive action. In the meantime, he has continued to flirt with a move to Arsenal by liking a series of social media posts on Instagram. However, Shakhtar director of football Darijo Srna was spotted at Stamford Bridge last night watching Chelsea's 1-0 Premier League defeat to Manchester City. The Croatian was sat just yards away from Todd Boehly after the pair held face-to-face talks over a potential deal for Mudryk. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile Shakhtar are prepared to continue dragging out the saga as they want to maximise their profits to rebuild the club's finances following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Arsenal still remain confident they will win the battle for Mudryk's signature but Mikel Arteta wants the club's transfer business done early this month. That's why Shakhtar's resilient approach to negotiations is proving problematic - particularly given the figures Arsenal have already put on the table. It is currently unclear how much of a priority Chelsea consider Mudryk but Graham Potter is currently down to bare bones in attack. Both Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic sustained injuries in the first half of Chelsea's 1-0 defeat to City on Thursday evening. Shakhtar seem prepared to wait until the summer before selling their attacking talisman if their valuation is now met by either London club. Keeping hold of Mudryk would maximise their chances of winning the Ukrainian Premier League this season which would see them qualify for next season's Champions League. Arsenal are also thought to be keen on signing Joao Felix this month, although Atletico Madrid's loan demands are also considered excessive.