Almost half of US voters believe Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be taken away their royal titles, a poll suggested. The recent revelations and claims made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in recent weeks appear to have damaged their image across the pond. A survey carried out on January 16 by Redfield and Wilton for Newsweek showed 45 percent out of the 2,000 US voters polled are now in favour of seeing Harry and Meghan stripped of their titles of Duke and Duchess. Only 26 percent said to be against this, while 28 percent replied "don't know". These latest results are in sharp contrast with a poll held on December 5, when 43 percent of those surveyed across the pond said they were against the idea of taking away the Dukedom from Harry. At the time, those thinking the Sussexes should be stripped of their title were the minority, 27 percent. Over the past few weeks, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of blistering claims and criticism against the Royal Family. On December 8 and 15, the pair released a six-episode docu-series for Netflix, entirely focused on the Sussexes' love story, their difficult relationship with the press and the Firm. The show included a number of allegations against the Royal Family, including the claim Meghan and Harry were victims of briefing against them at the hand of other royals' offices. The documentary, titled Harry and Meghan, also included the Duke of Sussex providing glimpses of his deteriorating relationship with Prince William. The royal claimed his brother "screamed and shouted" at him during what became known as the Sandringham Summit, held in January 2020 to thrash out an exit deal from the Firm for Meghan and Harry. Harry also claimed that, also in January 2020, a statement bearing both his and William's names was issued without his knowledge to quash a story alleging the Sussexes had been driven away from the Firm by the Prince of Wales's bullying. Speaking of meeting his father and brother for the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021, Harry said: "It was hard. Especially spending a time having chats with my brother and father who were just, you know, very much focused on the same misinterpretation of the whole situation. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'abandoned' by royals despite 'olive branch' invite "None of us really wanted to have to talk about it at my grandfather’s funeral, but we did. "I’ve had to make peace with the fact that I’m probably never going to get genuine accountability or a genuine apology." Harry, who in the last episode of the Netflix documentary also said he and Meghan were focused on the future, also published on January 10 his tell-all memoir. The 416-page book delved further into Harry's rift with his family, while also sharing intimate memories of his own life and those around him. The Prince and Princess of Wales appear to have had a relationship with Meghan lukewarm at best from her arrival in the Firm, according to Harry's book. DON'T MISS Tensions over Meghan even brought to a physical confrontation between William and Harry in early 2019, the Duke sensationally claimed, with his elder brother grabbing him by the collar and knocking him on the floor after their discussion escalated. The launch of Harry's best-seller was accompanied by a series of interviews with print and broadcast journalists from both sides of the pond. Speaking to the press, he discussed further some of the allegations he made, including Queen Camilla's disposition to trade stories with the press to rehabilitate her image. Harry recently touched upon the issue of his title on two separate occasions. In the Netflix documentary, he claimed he had offered to give up the Dukedom during email exchanges with the royals focused on his and Meghan's exit from the Firm in early January 2020: "In one of those I said that if it didn't work out we would be willing to relinquish our Sussex titles if need be. That was the plan. "We thought it would be good to give ourselves some breathing space, but we were also really passionate about continuing our work throughout the Commonwealth supporting the Queen." Appearing more recently on CBS' 60 Minutes, Harry told US journalist Anderson Cooper when asked why he would not renounce his title of Duke: "And what difference would that make?" There is no indication King Charles wants to strip his son of the title given to him by the late Queen as a wedding present. An Act of Parliament is required in order to strip royals of their Dukedom. Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace have commented yet on the claims made in recent weeks by the Sussexes.