Hospitals are facing rising pressure this winter due to a lack of funding, inflation and record waiting lists resulting from the Covid pandemic. As a result, one in eight UK adults has paid for private medical care in the last year. The ONS survey of 2,510 UK adults found one in five were waiting for an appointment, test or treatment at an NHS hospital. The report, released last month, shows how Britons are struggling to access the care they should be entitled to under the post-war welfare policy. But do you think the UK should adopt an insurance-based health system? Vote in our poll.  David Hare, the chief executive of the Independent Healthcare Providers Network, said: “With NHS waiting lists at record levels, it is not surprising that more people are paying for private treatment, including those who have never previously considered it.” He added that one in five is expected to use private healthcare this year. Dr Tony O’Sullivan, co-chair of campaign group Keep Our NHS Public, said that the number of people using a private healthcare provider was “a damning indictment of the devastating effect this Government’s mismanagement has had on the NHS over the last 12 years.” READ MORE: NHS facing ‘much worse’ pressure than during peak of Covid pandemic He added: “No one can blame individuals who are suffering for seeking timelier treatment under the circumstances, but it absolutely doesn’t have to be this way. The NHS was objectively rated the best in the world in 2010. Now healthcare in the UK is rapidly becoming a genuine two-tier system due to the degradation of one of our finest assets, and ultimately we are all poorer for it.” Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting also blamed the situation on Conservative mismanagement. He said he found it “completely inexplicable” that no Government minister had appeared in public to “explain what they are doing to grip this crisis”. Meanwhile, the Liberal Democrats has called for an immediate recall of parliament to pass an emergency health plan. So what do YOU think? Should the UK adopt an insurance-based health system to save NHS? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.