King Charles and Kate Middleton have been attending events across the UK despite the current discussion surrounding Prince Harry’s new book. The memoir, ‘Spare’, came out this Tuesday and contains several stories and allegations about Prince Harry’s relationship with members of the Royal Family.    The Royal Family will not be responding to Prince Harry’s book, a source has confirmed to the Mirror. A royal aide said that the Royal Family are “getting on with the job” this week, as Prince Harry has done a series of television interviews to promote ‘Spare’, which has just been officially released. The royal source said: “The message is it’s very much business as usual. There’s lots to look forward to so the focus is on supporting communities and not being distracted, that’s best for everyone.” King Charles will be visiting a community close to the royal Scottish estate Balmoral in Aberdeenshire while Kate Middleton will be attending a community engagement in northern England.    Prince Harry’s new book was released the same day the official announcement of King Charle’s first international state visit has been announced. King Charles and Queen Camilla will visit France in March this year before the coronation to express their friendship with French leader President Emmanuel Macron. An aide for President Macron told the French newspaper Le Parisien: “It’s an extremely strong symbol because it will be the first official visit by Charles III. “The event will be happening when the King is not yet crowned, which shows that France is a priority for him.” King Charles was also spotted greeting the public in Norfolk this weekend as Prince Harry has been doing interviews about his memoir. READ MORE: Prince Harry surprised when personal security removed    In his book, Prince Harry has spoken in more detail about his relationship with his family. He wrote he had “complex feelings” about his stepmother, Camilla joining the Royal Family, and said: “I have complex feelings about gaining a step-parent who I thought had recently sacrificed me on her personal PR altar.” The royal has also made claims that his brother Prince William had a physical altercation with him and that Meghan Markle had a falling out with Kate Middleton over her “baby brain” comments. In his interview with ABC, the 38-year-old said he believed he “can't ever get out” of the Royal Family but does not think it will be possible for him to return as a working royal. DON'T MISS: Queen Elizabeth gave Kate fashion advice after being 'fed up'  [REVEAL]Camilla's friend warns Harry's 'smears' could have sealed his fate [REPORT]Prince Harry mocked for not seeing irony of wanting private royal talk [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has said his family and Palace PR have refused to “protect” him from the media. He said: “They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent. And that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story. “And at the bottom of it they will say that they’ve reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment but the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting." In his ITV interview, Prince Harry accused the Royal Family of “leaking and planting” stories to the media about himself and his wife. In his CBS interview with Anderson Cooper, the Duke of Sussex said: “There have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. “You know the family motto is ‘Never Complain, Never Explain’ but it’s just a motto. And it doesn’t really hold.”   