Arsenal are reportedly moving to sign Brighton forward Leandro Trossard in January, having missed out on Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea last week. The Belgian has recently fallen out with boss Roberto De Zerbi at the south coast club and could be set for a move to the Emirates as Mikel Arteta looks to bolster his options in the frontline. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that the Gunners are set to make an official bid for the 28-year-old, while personal terms have already been agreed upon and talks will continue with Brighton to wrap up a deal swiftly. Brighton reportedly are prepared to take £25million for their star man under previous boss Graham Potter, while Tottenham had a recent bid of £12m rejected. Brighton are notoriously tough negotiators and recent big moves have seen Marc Cucurella leave to Chelsea for £62m, Yves Bissouma go to Spurs for £25m and Ben White make the move to the Emirates for £50m. However, Brighton were reluctant to sell their previous stars and may be willing to offload Trossard for a lower fee. Negotiations between Arsenal and Brighton are accelerating and the Gunners are hoping to conclude a deal soon, perhaps fearing a repeat of Chelsea hijacking their pursuit of Mudryk. If Trossard does complete a transfer to Arsenal, he may have to change his shirt number. At Brighton, Trossard has only worn number 11. However, Gabriel Martinelli currently holds that shirt and will unlikely give it up for his new team-mate. Before moving to the Premier League, Trossard donned 14 at Genk, though he will unlikely be able to revert to Thierry Henry’s former number at Arsenal as the mantle was taken up by Eddie Nketiah in the summer after the striker signed a new contract at the Emirates. At the World Cup Trossard wore 17 for his country, and there is a chance that he may be reunited with that kit at Arsenal. Cedric Soares currently possesses 17, though the full-back has been linked with a move away from north London this month with Fulham the most likely candidate to sign the Portuguese defender.  There are still hurdles to overcome in that move and Trossard may wish to have a number in place for his move, especially if he wishes to make his debut against Manchester United on Sunday. Numbers still available at Arsenal that Trossard could take include 2, 13 (owned by on-loan Alex Runarsson) 15 (owned by on-loan Ainsley Maitland-Niles), 19 (owned by on-loan Nicolas Pepe), 20 (owned by on-loan Nuno Tavares), 22 (owned by on-loan Pablo Mari), 26, 28, 29 and 30. Trossard could take up a higher number than 30, but those are typically less desired among players. He could take the shirt belonging to a player currently out on loan, as White did when he made the same move and took William Saliba’s number 4.