Naga Munchetty couldn't help but tease her BBC Breakfast co-star Matt Taylor on Friday after she ordered him to go away. As Matt finished his report, Naga joked, "See you later" as she admitted she preferred it when he was not on screen. Luckily, the meteorologist saw the funny side of his co-star's joke. "We start the weekend on a mild note, so there is lots of rain around," Matt explained. "It won't be a washout of a weekend, there will still be some drier and brighter moments but rain at times. "To sum it up, some fairly blustery winds as well. But if you do get the clear skies tonight... I had to show this picture sorry. "The full moon is out, it is in full force," Matt concluded. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage "I liked the view when you stepped away from the camera," Naga teased which prompted Matt to walk out of shot. "Much better," the presenter mocked. "Bye, thanks, Matt. See you later." Ben Thompson was quick to point out: "About half an hour ago, you were telling him how much we loved him." "I do love him," Naga replied. "It was because he was blocking a picture." However, Naga didn't stop there because she also took the opportunity to tell Mike Bushell he looked "tired". "It's coming up to twenty minutes to seven..." Naga explained. "Now... tired, Mike?" Mike looked confused as he asked: "Am I? I haven't got any sleep last night, actually!" Later on in the programme, Naga reassured Mike she was joking as she spoke about "fatigue" in sports. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [NEWS]Death in Paradise romance for Neville ‘confirmed’ [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Tommy is learning Spanish [SPOILERS] "I'm feeling with the sport today, there's a sense of fatigue and the implications of being fatigued or tired," Naga stated. Mike nodded in agreement as he said: "It is certainly going to make the Premier League season interesting. "Come the spring when we will see whether there's going to be this World Cup effect." However, Naga's banter with her co-stars didn't go down with viewers, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. "#bbcbreakfast Naga's passive-aggressive banter is really boiling my p**S this morning..," user @BCollier2012 said. User @DanceLikeM3GAN tweeted: "Ending an awful segment with a lead balloon…Classic Naga!" BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.