Piers Morgan, 57, was delivered the ultimate putdown by Dom Joly, 55, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, in which he claimed nothing could calm the Uncensored star down. Dom recently went without his phone for a whole weekend as part of a campaign by Tesco Mobile, highlighting the importance of communication and connectivity - but he also admitted he feels there are some "nasty" people who could benefit from the break. He told Express.co.uk he would "sentence" Piers to a period of time without his phone, or the ability to go online, but added: "I'd make it more than a weekend - I'd like to make it a full year!" Dom blasted Piers' recent criticism of Meghan Markle, 41, and Madonna, 64, saying that he seems to have "a real bee in his bonnet" when it comes to "powerful women". "He needs to take a step back and stop being rude about other celebrities, or women in general. He needs to just relax a little bit," he exclaimed. "I don't think anything will ever calm Piers Morgan down, but I just think he's got quite a few bees in his bonnet and I think he has, almost, social media diarrhoea." READ NOW: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Meanwhile, he added: "He does seem obsessed with Meghan and, actually, Madonna. Madonna is the one who he's been cracking on about the last week - it's just a bit nasty sometimes." Piers was condemned by the Material Girl's fans for his "misogynistic" and "bitter" attitude after he slammed her decision to go on a world tour celebrating four decades since the release of her first self-titled album. Instead of praising her longevity in the music world, he told his Twitter followers that she should give up "trying to be a sex kitten in [her] 60s". He also described her as a "hot mess" who should keep her clothes on, following a series of increasingly sexualised images she has posted on Instagram. Piers' divisive and controversial comments about Meghan Markle have also been well-documented, with the broadcaster losing his Good Morning Britain role after refusing to back down on his accusations that she had not actually suffered from mental health issues. "I think everyone could do with a weekend without their mobile phones and do something else and switch off, but I think Piers Morgan, in particular, could," Dom continued. "I don't know if he could cope with it [though]. I think if he spent too long off the phone, he'd have to stare into the dark abyss of his soul!" Express.co.uk has contacted Piers for comment. He added that Jeremy Clarkson is another celeb who he feels should take time out from the internet, although he would only sentence him to a mere couple of weeks without his connectivity.  Dom suggested that people should consider whether they need to publish "the first thing that comes into their head" on social media before hitting the 'post' button. Meanwhile, he also addressed his own self-imposed social media ban over the weekend without his phone, marvelling: "It felt like technological rehab! "It was fantastic not constantly getting notifications, or looking for that dopamine hit [through it]. A phone? It's technological heroin." That weekend wasn't the first time the comedian had gone without his phone, as he also had it confiscated by North Korean officials when he arrived in the dictatorial country while writing his 2010 book The Dark Tourist: Sightseeing in the World's Most Unlikely Holiday Destinations. However, in spite of feeling that taking a break from going online was refreshing for him and could be beneficial to others, his overall experience helped him realise the importance of connectivity. He admitted he usually takes his ability to communicate with ease for granted and in comparison felt "very frustrated and isolated" when unable to reach for his trusty phone. The campaign by Tesco Mobile has helped raise awareness for those facing financial hardship who may lack the funds to stay connected. Tesco Mobile is distributing data through the Trussell Trust’s network of food banks as part of its Little Helps Databank and aims to connect 50,000 people facing financial hardship by 2025.