Rivals Arsenal and Chelsea are going toe-to-toe in an attempt to sign Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk this month, as the Ukrainian club are holding out for a potential £100million fee, having used Jack Grealish’s transfer to Manchester City as a benchmark figure for their star man. The Gunners have reportedly had two bids rejected for the 21-year-old, while Graham Potter’s side are attempting to gazump them to the blockbuster January transfer. Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna has travelled to London and will hold talks with Chelsea over a potential move for Mudryk, as the Blues are reportedly prepared to pay more than Mikel Arteta’s outfit in order to complete a deal ahead of the Premier League leaders. However, CBS Sport claim that Chelsea’s interest in Mudryk has not worried Arsenal in the Gunners’ pursuit, even though Srna is set to attend Chelsea’s match with Manchester City on Thursday at Stamford Bridge. The report claims that Arsenal are calm over the situation as they have a maximum fixed fee they are prepared to pay for the Ukraine international regardless of interest from rivals, despite still being below Shakhtar’s public valuation. Though Mudryk has made clear that he wants to be playing at the Emirates, making several social media posts hinting at his view on a potential move. He recently posted a video showcasing his skills, in which he played a Drake and 21 Savage song ‘Circo Loco’ that included the lyric ‘Still gotta see the Gunners win the Premier League’, having previously posted himself on social media during Arsenal’s 4-2 win over Brighton, watching the game as Eddie Nketiah scored the third goal. Mudryk’s Shakhtar team-mates are also reportedly informed of their star man’s opinion, as they have been joking since this summer that he has already joined Arsenal, having been in regular contact with international colleague Oleksandr Zinchenko. The Gunners are adamant they will not get into a bidding war with Chelsea, though Todd Boehly and co are yet to make as much as a verbal offer for the forward. DON'T MISSLiverpool discover fee needed for Dortmund to sell Bellingham in JanuaryTottenham 'meddling' in Leicester transfer with bid 'to change everything'Man Utd have obvious mega deal to go after as Chelsea open the door Should Arsenal lose Mudryk to Chelsea it would come as a blow for Arteta, who had few attacking options to call upon in the 0-0 draw with Newcastle on Tuesday. The Spanish boss was unable to change the game from the bench, as the only substitution he made was to bring Takehiro Tomiyasu on for Ben White while forwards Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos remained on the sideline. Arteta outlined his intentions to complete a deal for Mudryk after the draw with Newcastle. “We’re trying to do our best because we cannot waste any windows still with the squad and the numbers that we have,” Arteta told Sky Sports. “We will try.”