Eggs can be eaten in a variety of ways; fried, scrambled or boiled. But if you fancy a poached egg, the chances are you’ve not been successful when using a saucepan and boiling water. According to one TikTok creator, there’s an easier way to poach an egg. @danarebeccadesigns took to her social media to share how she poaches an egg. She said: “I recently learned how to poach an egg, and I thank whoever it was on TikTok. “Break an egg into a small Pyrex bowl, add a little bit of water - just enough to cover the yolk - and put it in the microwave." She then experiment with how long the egg needed to cook for in the microwave - soon realising that 44 seconds is the optimum length of time. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with handy food storage hacks However, she did say, depending on the microwave, cooking a poached egg using this method can take anywhere from 36 to 45 seconds. She took the dish out of the microwave and commented: “Out comes the perfect poached egg.” Using a slotted spoon, she removed the egg from the dish, before placing it on a plate and cutting it open to reveal a perfectly runny yolk. Some tried this method and said the egg exploded in the microwave. DON'T MISS...6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [EXCLUSIVE]Michael Mosley’s safe and effective’ keto diet to lose weight fast [COMMENT]Rod Stewart’s staggering net worth after a 60-year music career [INSIGHT] To stop this from happening, it was suggested you either “add a pinch of salt to the water” or “poke the yolk with a toothpick”. Someone else suggested placing clingfilm over the top of the dish for easier cleanup. The majority, however, loved this method. Natasha and Lisa commented: “I saw this too - AMAZING HACK!!!” Mike wrote: “Just tried it after watching this and they came out great! Fast and easy. Thank you as well.” READ MORE: Make bread last longer with clever food storage hack - no freezing food miller For other easy ways to cook eggs, you can use an air fryer if you prefer soft or hard-boiled eggs. For soft-boiled eggs, turn the air fryer to 180 degrees Celsius and place two eggs in the basket. Set the timer to six minutes and once the timer is up, remove the eggs and peel the shell off. You should get a bright orange, runny yolk and no washing up to do. For hard-boiled eggs, add as many eggs to the basket as you want, and cook at 250 degrees Celsius for 13 to 17 minutes. @Feelgoodfoodie on TikTok air fried six eggs for a total of 15 minutes, and when the timer beeped, she “plunged them in an ice bath immediately”. The next step was “optional” but she liked to “crack the eggs slightly” and let them “sit them in the water for a few minutes”. “The water goes through the cracks and makes them easier to peel,” she explained.