Pierre de Gaulle, heir to General and grandson of former French President Charles de Gaulle, argued public opinion in France is shifting against the US as people realise America has played an "evil game". He told Le Parisien: “The French are paying a heavy price for a war provoked by the United States to turn Europe into a vassal. “Public opinion in France is beginning to understand what the evil game of the Americans is today. By using lies...within NATO, the United States has managed to use the Ukrainian crisis to destabilise Europe.” He added: “Westerners have unfortunately allowed Zelensky, his oligarchs and the neo-Nazi military groups to lock themselves into a spiral of war. “If I am a relay from Russia, then Macron and Merkel are the servants of the Americans. Me, I only defend the interests of the French. Embarrassed by his comments, Pierre de Gaulle's brother, Yves, said: "My brother Pierre's analysis does not commit anyone other than himself, that is to say neither me nor our family and even less General de Gaulle." “As Talleyrand would have said, anything excessive is insignificant, and I add saddening. Everyone knows that General de Gaulle was for the Europe of nations, intransigent on sovereignty and against dictatorships, ” Hervé Gaymard, president of the Charles-de-Gaulle Foundation also told Le Parisien. The comments come as Germany and the United States announced Wednesday that they will send advanced battle tanks to Ukraine, offering what one expert called an “armoured punching force” to help Kyiv break combat stalemates as the Russian invasion enters its 12th month. The announcement marked the first stage of a coordinated effort by the West to provide dozens of the heavy weapons, which Ukrainian military commanders said would enable counter-offensives, reduce casualties and help restore dwindling ammunition supplies. READ MORE: Putin readies feared elite tank regiment for new Ukraine offensive  American President Joe Biden said the US will send 31 M1 Abrams tanks, reversing months of persistent arguments by Washington that they were too difficult for Ukrainian troops to operate and maintain. The US decision followed Germany's agreement to send 14 Leopard 2 A6 tanks from its own stocks. Germany had refused to send the Leopards unless the US put its Abrams on the table, not wanting to incur Russia’s wrath without the US making a similar commitment. “This is the result of intensive consultations, once again, with our allies and international partners,” Chancellor Olaf Scholz told German lawmakers. “It was right, and it is important that we didn’t let ourselves be driven" into the decision. DON'T MISS:Russia's top commanders 'terrified' by Putin's new battle plans [INSIGHT]'Russian bashers' Ukraine partisans kill three officers in car bombing [VIDEO]Keir Starmer has 'no policies for getting rid of woke' [ANALYSIS] Biden said European allies have agreed to send enough tanks to equip two Ukrainian tank battalions, or a total of 62 tanks. “To liberate their land, they need to be able to counter Russia’s evolving tactics and strategy on the battlefield in the very near term,” Biden said. Several European countries have equipped their armies with Leopard 2 tanks, and Germany's announcement means they can give some of their stocks to Ukraine.