Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s “gamble” moving to the US has not paid off says a commentator. Reports suggested the Duke and Duchess were not invited to their celebrity friend Oprah Winfrey’s 69th birthday over the weekend. A-list stars gathered to celebrate Oprah’s birthday, organised by Anastasia Beverly Hills, in Montecito, California. Kim Kardashian was in attendance, posting some pictures on her Instagram Story with the caption, “Happy Birthday @oprah. “Sharon Stone said it best last night toasting you that you mean the world to the world! Happy birthday!” Kara Kennedy suggested Harry and Meghan’s “loud mouths” are being “used against them after a series of similar incidents over the last few years”. “On a more serious note, snubs like this show that the tide is turning with the Sussexes”, she added. It also shows “that the gamble that saw them trade in the lifelong duty of being working royalty for the money and fame of being celebrities hasn’t paid off”, the journalist said. She noted previous reports that “A-listers were leaving the pair off guest lists because of their ‘capacity to share’”. Writing for the Spectator, Kara added: “It’s easy to see why Oprah wouldn’t want the pair at her birthday shindig after Harry’s latest revelations. “During his press tour for the duke’s memoir, Spare, nearly three years on from that bombshell interview with Oprah, he made her look stupid. “On national TV, during a two-hour interview where the couple managed to tell seventeen lies, they planted a seed that would see the British royal family branded as terrible racists for the final years of the Queen’s life.” During the March 2021 interview, Harry and Meghan claimed a member of the Royal Family asked about Archie’s skin colour, which Kara said was the Sussexes “campaign to finish off the British monarchy — and they used Oprah as a pawn”. READ MORE: Kate's heartfelt new project shows Harry and Meghan's problem  “The Sussexes equal drama. Everybody over here is starting to realize that they never intended on having a quiet life,” a Hollywood insider told the outlet. Royal commentator and host of the "To Di For Daily" podcast Kinsey Schofield also previously told Fox News: “I think 'Spare' and the [recent] Netflix documentary will ultimately hurt Harry and Meghan’s relationships with the Hollywood elite. "Did intensely private Beyoncé give Meg permission to read a text message that she sent the duchess verbatim to millions of Netflix subscribers? "I highly doubt it. Did Courteney Cox expect to one day be called out for ‘magic mushroom chocolates’ in ‘Spare?’ "Does Gayle King enjoy being grilled by the internet when Harry tells ITV there isn't a royal racist after Gayle appeared on morning television claiming that her friends, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, had receipts? “They are putting people in uncomfortable situations.” It comes as Charles wants the Sussex royals to be in attendance at his coronation later this spring. While official invites to the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, which will take place on Saturday, May 6th, have yet to be sent out, a source close to Charles told Vanity Fair he is likely to invite Harry and Meghan “because it is the right thing to do and will hopefully pave the way for peace”. “Charles is a forgiving person by nature, and he wants to move on,” another source said. “Whatever has been said and done, Harry is still his son and he loves him. “He also cannot imagine being crowned, the most important moment of his life, without both his sons witnessing the moment.”