The global economy is predicted to tip into a downturn to rival the Great Depression, an American hedge fund advised by a prophetic economic guru has announced. Mark Spitznagel, chief investment officer of Miami-based Universa Investments, said there was a risk of a "contagious inferno" being ignited by extreme high levels of borrowing following a decade of low-interest rates.  The 51-year-old's firm is advised by Wall Street trader turned economics professor Nassim Taleb, who was dubbed the "Black Swan" after his 2007 book of the same name successfully predicted the failings in the banking system that led to the global financial crisis the following year. Mr Spitznagel said to his clients in a letter seen by Bloomberg of the impending crash: "It is objectively the greatest tinderbox-timebomb in financial history – greater than the late 1920s, and likely with similar market consequences." Other similarly prophetic economic experts are also raising the alarm over an impending financial crisis, with Nouriel Roubini - known as "Dr Doom" after he also accurately predicted the 2008 crash - warning that mounting debt represented a "megathreat" to the global economy, with the UK faring particularly poorly. He said the UK was suffering the "worst stagflation of all advanced economies", adding: "Recession is guaranteed. Even the Bank of England expects at least five quarters of contraction." Investment firm Universa presents itself as a specialist in "tail risk mitigation" - in other words, investing client money in ways that keeps their funds protected in almost any situation. Mr Spitznagel is a well-known critic of central banks and has long argued that they kept interest rates too low for too long. He warned last year: "If this credit bubble ever pops, it’s going to be the most catastrophic market failure that anyone has ever read about."   According to the Institute of International Finance (IIF), global debt stood at $290 trillion, or 343 percent of gross domestic product in the third quarter of 2022. In November, the IIF warned that rising interest rates could trigger a "dangerous increase in debt service costs". This could end up tipping businesses and governments over the edge. Mr Spitznagel told Universa clients: “The correction that was once natural and healthy has instead become a contagious inferno capable of destroying the system entirely. The world is just too levered today, the debt construct just too big.” READ MORE: Sunak and Hunt told to ‘prove IMF wrong’ by cutting taxes [REVEAL]  British banks are understood to believe recession will cause less of an overall dip than that seen in the 1980s, or in 2008. The economy is predicted to end up around two percent smaller as a result, rather than the six percent experienced in the financial crash. However, Mr Roubini was far less confident, pointing to almost a decade of lacklustre growth for Britain. Andrew Bailey, the Bank of England's governor, insists there are "no ifs or buts" in getting inflation back to the two percent base rate - but the Bank has still conceded that prices will likely still be rising at an annual rate of more than 5 percent until at least the end of next year. DON'T MISS: EU has made 7391 new laws since Brexit and UK has avoided every one [REVEAL]UK economy will slam into reverse in 2023 in weakest performance in G7 [INSIGHT]King Charles's Coronation set to boost UK economy by £1bn [ANALYSIS] Mr Spitznagel has been wrong in his predictions in the past - for instance, in October 2013 telling CNBC the market was about to experience a "major crash" of around 40 percent, which never materialised. Some have been more positive about the outlook for this year. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Tuesday upgraded its global growth forecast for 2023 to 2.9 percent, from a previous projection of 2.7 percent. As for the UK specifically, however, they were less positive, downgrading its UK gross domestic product (GDP) forecast and predicting a contraction of 0.6 percent against the 0.3 percent growth pencilled in last October. The grim outlook for the year ahead puts the UK far behind its counterparts in the G7 group of advanced nations and the only country - across advanced and emerging economies - expected by the IMF to suffer a year of declining GDP. Among the other G7 nations, the IMF's 2023 GDP predictions show growth of 1.4 percent in the United States, 0.1 percent in Germany, 0.7 percent in France, 0.6 percent in Italy, 1.8 percent in Japan and 1.5 percent in Canada.