The Green Bay Packers were eliminated from playoff contention as they fell to defeat against the Detroit Lions in the final regular season clash of the 2022 NFL season, with Aaron Rodgers’ future once again up in the air. The star quarterback endured a difficult season after back-to-back MVP awards, leading Green Bay to a paltry 8-9 record. On Sunday, the Packers welcomed the Lions to Lambeau Field knowing that a win over their NFC North rivals would ensure safe passage to the Wild Card round. However, the Lions - who had nothing but pride to play for - overcame Rodgers and co., winning 20-16 to eliminate the home side. Rodgers struggled against Detroit, throwing for 205 yards while also tossing an interception. It means the 38-year-old finished the season with 12 interceptions - the most he threw in a single campaign since 2008, his first year as a starter - while he also failed to post a single 300-yard passing game for the first time in his career. After enduring an offseason littered with speculation surrounding his future, it appears Rodgers and the Packers will enjoy a similar time in 2023. It remains to be seen whether Rodgers will return to Green Bay for a 19th season. READ MORE: Jane Fonda admits ‘knees gave way’ meeting Tom Brady It is the third successive year Rodgers and the Packers are shrouded in uncertainty heading into the offseason. The two preceding incidents came after home playoff defeats, with Green Bay falling in the NFC Championship Game before a Divisional Round defeat to the San Francisco 49ers last year. With Jordan Love waiting in the wings, it appears like Rodgers could indeed leave Green Bay. He admitted he needed time to consider his future rather than committing immediately falling to the Lions. “I need to get away and contemplate those things,” Rodgers said in his post-game press conference. “Those are real to me. I have a lot of pride in what I've accomplished in this league, but I'm also a realist and I understand where we are as a team. “We're a young team, and there could be some change with some of the older guys. It could be time to step away. But, I could take some time and say, ‘Hell, no. I need to get back out there and go on another run.’” DON'T MISSPatrick Mahomes in emotional Damar Hamlin message after cardiac arrestNFL star Damar Hamlin thanks fans for supporting him Hamlin posts 'thankful' message as NFL star sends message to fans With head coach Matt LaFleur at the helm, the Packers have dominated the regular season but failed to capitalise and go on a Super Bowl run. The team have lost in the NFC Championship Game on two occasions after 13-win seasons, while they fell to the 49ers in their playoff opener following yet another 13-win campaign amid plenty of optimism. On his future, Rodgers suggested money wouldn’t influence any decision, adding: “Money is energy. I have made a ton of it, and I'm very thankful of this organisation, the generational wealth that they've offered me. Hopefully they feel like I earned a lot of it. But, yeah, for sure, I could definitely walk away from it.” Rodgers, who is guaranteed $60 million for the 2023 season, also refused to rule out playing for another franchise next year. Yet again, this saga will be one to follow this offseason.