Prince Harry is risking the legacy of Princess Diana after opening himself up to "criticism and mockery" following the release of Spare, according to a royal expert speaking to Express.co.uk. The comments following a Jimmy Kimmel skit bashing Prince Harry - to much amusement from the audience - about his frostbitten penis. In the segment, in which Princess Diana features prominently, Jimmy Kimmel reads a parody children's book titled: The Prince and The Penis. At one point in the book, Diana comes down from the clouds and squirts Elizabeth Arden cream - which the late Princess of Wales used on her lips - onto Prince Harry's penis. Kimmel reads: "My poor little prince, put this cream on your willy. It will lessen the ache and make it less chilly." While Prince Harry's character responds: "But mummy, have you heard about Sir Sigmund Freud?" A royal expert claimed that this sort of mockery of Princess Diana, who was extremely popular in the United States, would have been unheard of prior to the release of Spare. "Princess Diana had become such a saintly figure to the world. One year ago there is no way you could joke about her being deceased. You would be cancelled," royal expert Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk.  She went on to claim: "Unfortunately, Harry's lack of judgement is jeopardizing his mother's legacy." When asked about royal watchers' reactions to the mockery of Princess Di, Ms Schofield labelled it "mixed". The ToDiFor founder said: "I've seen mixed reaction to the Kimmel skit online. Most find it completely hilarious, however, some find it crass." The full bit on Jimmy Kimmel Live can be seen in the video above. Ms Schofield noted that American media had previously refrained from making fun of the Royal Family since the death of the Queen last September.  READ MORE: Prince William makes surprise visit to charity without Kate She said: "I do think American media hesitated to make fun of the royal family out of respect for the Queen's passing. Thanks to Spare and Netflix...it seems like that courtesy period is over." The bombshell book detailed extremely intimate moments in the Duke's life and his several interviews on US and UK television ahead of Spare's release have kept the Sussexes in the limelight. In Spare, Prince Harry describes his feelings following the death of his mother and how her death has affected him throughout his life. Spare was released January 10 and became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever, selling 1.43 million copies in the UK, US and Canada alone on the first day of its release. 