Since 2020, Tammy Slaton and her sister Amy have starred in the TLC reality show 1000lb Sisters. Now, ahead of season four, Tammy has shared an update on her weight loss journey. In a video shared by her husband Caleb on TikTok, the 36-year-old can be seen exercising on an aerobic machine with her arms. In the clip, Caleb wrote a sweet caption to his other half, writing: “My ANGEL hard at work!” Tammy, who can be seen hooked up to an oxygen tank, can be heard singing as she puts herself through her paces. Fans in a Reddit forum where the video has been posted were quick to praise the reality star's progress. Redditor u/tubefeedprincess99 wrote: “She actually has a decent singing voice too. I love that she’s finally gotten serious about this and is doing well. I hope she has a long happy life with her husband.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Chay Guillory unrecognisable after major weight loss “This makes me incredibly happy for her. She just had to want it for herself and now she’s already living a much better quality of life. That’s inspiring,” said u/DanyeelsAnulmint. u/Respected-Influencer said: “Damn!! Give her a voice coach ASAP! She can sing! Go Tam! We’re rooting for u!!” “Good for her! I'm so proud of her!” wrote u/GrannyB1970. However, some users on the platform were not as supportive. Fellow Redditor u/spaceguitar wrote: “I mean, I guess good for her for finally taking her weight loss seriously? “It’s just a bit frustrating that out of everything that finally got her moving, it took a man to motivate her. “Not any single person in her family, no amount of public embarrassment, not even being put on a ventilator.” During the first season of 1000lb Sisters, Tammy weighed 605lbs and in the latest series she weighed 649lbs. DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters star Amy Slaton on how she discovered her new pregnancy1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’My 600lb Life’s Amber Radchi unrecognisable after major transformation She has been in rehab facilities for weight loss and most recently left one late last year. The 36-year-old married her husband in November, just three weeks after the two became engaged, and were married in Ohio. She revealed the news to her sister in a phone conversation saying that she had “met somebody”. Her sister was worried about what the news meant for Tammy saying: “Tammy being in a bad relationship again is like going back into our old way.” However, a source close to the couple told The Sun: “She began dating Caleb in rehab, and I'm so happy they met in person and were not dating online. “They have a lot of the same struggles that they can share. "They've been a huge support for each other [in rehab], which is awesome." 1000lb Sisters season 4 premieres on TLC in the USA on January 17.