Claire Warren is a content creator who focuses on "honest, relatable mumlife moments to help mamas feel less alone." She posts useful, funny, and inspiring videos to her 41.3K followers on the TikTok account @mykindamum. They include this clever cleaning hack to get rid of limescale overnight, relatively effort-free. The mum shared her "nifty hack for a sparkly clean toilet". She uses a £1.75 product to do it. Claire said: "Before someone says 'ew' this is limescale. It doesn’t budge no matter how much bleach you use. It doesn't even come off when you scrub it." So how does the mum tackle her limescale? She explained: "To get rid, you simply push the water down with a brush and then take a cup of citric acid. I got this one from Amazon. "Then fill with hot but not boiling water and leave it overnight. READ MORE: Mum’s simple 'sparkling' bathroom hacks will ‘change the way you clean' "Let's see how it looks in the morning. Boom. Clean as a whistle." The mum went on: "Citric acid wipes it out overnight with no harsh chemicals and no scrubbing required!" Citric acid is a cheap cleaner that is known for its powerful ability to naturally remove limescale. It can be used in the toilet, but also on shower heads, coffee machines, and baby bottle sterilisers, among other appliances. A 250g box can be bought from Wilko for £1.75. Dri-Pak Citric Acid can be bought for £2.30 from Ocado. DON'T MISSWashing machine hack to leave yours smelling fantastic [CLEANING] 'I can't believe how well this toilet cleaner worked on my limescale' [REVIEW] Limescale cleaning hack promises a 'super shiny kettle' [PROPERTY] One of Claire's followers Sou advised: "Work’s for the kettle too." The mum responded: "Does it?! I’m trying that, thank you." Others gave their alternative hacks to remove limescale from the toilet. Cora said: "A cheaper alternative, Tang works the same way! For anyone who doesn't know, Tang is a citrus juice mix!" Barbara suggested: "Pumice stone does it." Peter agreed and said: "Pumice toilet block is much quicker and way less expensive and far quicker." TikTok user Donagh said: "Just use vinegar, much cheaper and exactly the same effect." Limescale is caused by hard water evaporating, leaving the minerals behind on the appliance. It most often affects taps, showerheads, and kettles. Generally, acids are key to getting rid of limescale, by lifting the minerals off the surface so they can be wiped away. Two common acids used for the job are lemon juice and white vinegar. These can also be combined with baking soda to great effect on limescale. Acids ideally need to be left on the limescale to soak, which is why Claire's overnight hack for toilet limescale is effective. Popular limescale cleaners include Viakal, which was voted the "best limescale remover to buy" by Expert Reviews. It costs £2.50 currently from Waitrose and Sainsbury's, and £2 in Wilko.