Manchester City cruised into the fourth round of the FA Cup with a 4-0 win over Chelsea. Riyad Mahrez opened the scoring with a magnificent free-kick before Julian Alvarez added to the scoreline from the spot. Phil Foden made it three before half-time before Mahrez capped off the scoring from 12-yards with Graham Potter's side failing to get out of first gear. Here Express Sport details five taking points from the game. Graham Potter starts to lose fan support The Blues put up a good fight against City during their Premier League match in mid-week but the same can not be said for their efforts at the Eithad today with fans turning their ire onto Graham Potter as a result. Fans could be heard chanting songs for former boss Thomas Tuchel throughout the game as they made their preferred candidate for the job clear. The team are now out of both domestic cup competitions and faces a huge battle to make the top four after falling 10 points behind Manchester United. Potter will need to turn the situation around soon or he will quickly lose the support of Todd Boehly and the club's hierarchy in addition to supporters. Chelsea supporters put Mudryk move at risk? It was not only Tuchel's name on the lips of the Chelsea support with away fans also singing the praises of former owner Roman Abramovich. However, the move could but their move for Mykhaylo Mudryk at risk. The winger hails from Ukraine and is unlikely to take kindly to hearing one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies sung in the ground and given he already appears keen on a move to Arsenal it could be a final nail in the coffin to the club's interest. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Phil Foden shows he can play centrally There has been much clamour to see Foden take up a more central position and Guardiola took the opportunity to field him in the position as he rotated his side. The Englishman was the most attacking member of City's midfield three and put in an excellent performance. Chelsea's midfielders were unable to really pick up the playmaker who was able to find space in the centre of the park all evening. He capped off his display with the third goal before winning the penalty for the fourth and may now be considered for a central role more regularly in the future.  Chelsea's striker woes continue Chelsea have lacked a reliable, consistent No 9 since the days of Diego Costa and the club's problems showed no signs of abating against City. Kai Havertz badly struggled during the first half, failing to hold the ball up to bring his team-mates into the game and ended up giving away the second goal with a needless handball. He was replaced by new signing David Datro Fofana at half-time but the Ivorian was well marshalled by the City backline. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang missed the game with a knock but the former Arsenal captain is badly out of form and appears to be quickly falling out of Potter's plans. Things at Stamford Bridge will not improve until the striker issue is addressed.  Manchester City's strength-in-depth is ridiculous Guardiola made seven changes from the 1-0 win over the Blues in mid-week but the alterations did not affect the team's on-field quality. Aymeric Laporte, Riyad Mahrez and Julian Alvarez were among those to come into the starting line-up as the likes of Erling Haaland and Kevin de Bruyne received a rest. If City were to start with the same starting line-up every week it would not be a surprise if they went on to lift the Premier League title at the end of the season. The embarrassment of riches in every position must be the envy of all other managers in England. 