We may be out of the EU but rules and regulations that were the brainchild of Brussels continue to govern many aspects of daily life. British laws should be made by Britain’s lawmakers. The Government should press ahead with repealing or reforming EU-derived law by the end of the year. Yes, this is a complex exercise which requires thinking hard about how this country should be governed but this is not a challenge that should be ducked. Whitehall and Westminster are populated with highly paid men and women who should get on with this task. For too many decades, our country’s establishment grew used to taking instructions from Brussels. But it has won back the freedom to think for itself. The danger is that we will never make the most of Brexit if EU-era regulations remain in force. We must not fumble this opportunity to create a more competitive country, where turbocharged growth will boost the living standards of families. Britain must not be allowed to drift back into the EU’s orbit. We must resist pressure to realign with Brussels. Ridding our statute books of these laws will make it harder for any future Europhile Government to put the country in lockstep with the EU. The promise of Brexit must not be squandered or betrayed, and Mr Sunak must protect our independence.  The 48-hour nursing strike which begins today is a powerful reminder of the desperation felt by millions of people who toil at the heart of the NHS. Nurses face enormous stress as they battle to save lives and ease suffering. They deserve a pay rise so they do not live in fear of not being able to pay their bills. A deal must be reached without delay. T he welfare of patients is at stake. Nurses battle to protect the dignity of those in their care. They deserve the dignity of a decent wage. Industrial strife and a crisis in morale will only weaken the NHS. Decision-makers must get around the table and end this turmoil. Ken Bruce’s departure from Radio 2 will sadden his legions of fans. The man is a national institution and for more than three decades he has brightened listeners’ mornings. He is the latest in a long line of well-loved presenters to have quit the BBC. He said it was perhaps time to “let somebody else have a go”. That is very generous of the veteran broadcaster, but people across Britain will disagree.