Arsenal have been urged to look towards Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie as possible cover for Thomas Partey, as Mikel Arteta’s lack of quality in depth has been highlighted as a concern in their title race. The Gunners went seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table on New Year’s Eve following their 4-2 win away to Brighton, where the Ghanaian midfielder impressed. Gunners icon Paul Merson stressed that the 29-year-old is the best holding midfielder in the Premier League after the win on the south coast, though Arsenal have previously been told that they don’t have the required depth of their rivals in the title race. Their sole defeat in the league this season came at the hands of Manchester United, as Partey was absent through injury and Albert Sambi Lokonga deputised for the former Atletico Madrid star. Mohamed Elneny also provides cover, but compared to Manchester City where Pep Guardiola has Rodri, Kalvin Phillips and Ilkay Gundogan for competition in that holding role, Arteta will worry if Partey picks up another injury. He has struggled to stay fit in the past as well, but the Spanish boss has been told of a potential low-cost option that would provide quality cover for his midfielder. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive Ex-Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley believes that Barcelona outcast Kessie would be a smart loan signing, though questioned whether the Ivory Coast international would want to move to the Emirates. “Again he [Kessie] was surplus today at Barcelona [vs Espanyol],” Burley told ESPN. “Would he get him on loan? He would be terrific cover. But does he want to go from being cover at Barcelona to cover at Arsenal? I don’t know.” If Arsenal do wish to sign Kessie as cover for Partey, they may face competition from their north London rivals Tottenham, who have put in a £13million bid for the midfielder according to Spanish outlet Sport. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham Kessie has made just two La Liga starts so far this campaign after moving to the Nou Camp in the summer from AC Milan, but has struggled to make the desired impact and boss Xavi has preferred the likes of Sergio Busquets, Pedri, Gavi and Frenkie de Jong. Instead of leaving Barcelona in January, Kessie may have been told that his chances will come next season if Busquets leaves in the summer, and Barcelona president Joan Laporta has insisted that he has no intention of selling the Ivorian this month. "I don't have any intention of selling Kessie in January,” Laporta said. “He will continue to be important for us. We're happy with our squad, the players will continue to be important over the rest of the season."