WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. The Last of Us has been in the making for quite some time and was originally given the green light to become a film in 2014. The internationally successful apocalyptic video game has now arrived on HBO in the USA and Sky Atlantic in the UK, bringing the game's plot to life. As viewers delved into the first episode of the nine-part drama, they were introduced to the Fireflies. The second half of The Last of Us episode one focuses on the war between FEDRA (Federal Disaster Response Agency), and the Fireflies in the Boston Quarantine Zone. The Fireflies are an underground rebellion, opposing FEDRA's martial law and led by Marlene (played by Merle Dandridge). It is explained the group was formed in the 2010s but didn't have anywhere near as much power as it does now. This is because support grew for the rebellion when six of their members were executed. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now When Ellie (Bella Ramsey) comes across the Fireflies, she refers to them as terrorists, after an explosion goes off and FEDRA soldiers fight a rooftop shooter. This comment clearly angers Marlene who questions: "Was Riley a terrorist?" Riley hasn't been introduced in the series just yet but she is Ellie's girlfriend from the Left Behind DLC. It is implied she was also a Firefly and her story will be told later on in the show, with Riley played by actress Storm Reid. There also seems to be a connection between Marlene and Ellie's mum as they talk about her. It isn't known what happened to the teen's mother but it seems she could have died while working with the Fireflies. During the 20-year time jump, Joel's (Pedro Pascal) brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna) also becomes a member of the Fireflies. He wants to leave the zone's safety area to look for him but is warned there is more than just the disease to be scared of out there. DON'T MISS...James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon finale originally took place in axed location [LOCATION]Nico Parker hits out at The Last of Us casting backlash 'I don't care' [REACTION] At the start of The Last of Us episode one, fans found out about Joel's own heartbreaking backstory. He had a daughter called Sarah (Nico Parker) but she was shot when they tried to get to safety. Since then, Joel has been working as a smuggler with his latest mission to transport Ellie safely across the country. As she is immune from the condition, it is believed she could be the cure that saves them all. As of yet, the future is unclear for The Last of Us on HBO and Sky Atlantic. But showrunners Neil Druckmann and Craig Mazin have said they would hope to return for more seasons. Mazin said: "The narrative of the first game was gorgeous, it was complete, it deserved a season, we knew how to do it within a season. "And so that was was kind of a no brainer. "And I promise, if we are lucky enough to get more seasons, and keep telling the story, we will continue to make sure that every episode is worth its weight." The Last of Us is available to watch on HBO in the USA on Sundays and Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK on Mondays.