Beginning back in 2005, Grey’s Anatomy is still one of the world’s most popular medical dramas after airing for nearly two decades on US network ABC. During the show’s latest midseason break, a long-running member of the cast has shared some insightful details about its high-stakes surgery scenes. Taryn Helm star Jaicy Elliot has revealed Grey’s Anatomy’s hospital procedures often take days to film. The actress has been with the series since the 14th season and will be returning to screens along with the main cast in February. More eyes are on the series than ever in the run-up to the undoubtedly tearful exit of Meredith Grey (played by Ellen Pompeo). As fans eagerly await the return of the series’ 19th season, Jaicy has shed some light on one of their most common questions about what happens behind the scenes. READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report “A good piece of trivia is that any time you have a surgical montage it can take up to two days to shoot and it's really just thirty seconds,” she revealed. “It's a lot of work and in those moments you are reminded of what it takes to create a moment.” Jaicy paid credit to both the stars and professional consultants who help ensure Grey’s Anatomy is as accurate as possible. Although several delicate procedures have been featured throughout the show’s history, they are usually over within minutes to make way for the Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital staff’s interpersonal drama. “Whenever you see a montage, think of us because it does take a lot of time and precision to get those right,” Jaicy told Hello! magazine. Hundreds of actors and crew members have worked on the series over the years, and have all made their best efforts to ensure its frequent medical sequences are both believable and gripping. While not everything depicted in the series can be 100 percent accurate, the writers and producers have a range of medical professionals on hand for certain scenes. “We have a fantastic team of doctors who work on the show,” Jaicy said. DON'T MISS:Ozark’s Jason Bateman changed Power star’s character [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Mercedes star admits cast broke filming rules [INTERVIEW]The Witcher fans demand cancellation after ‘worst reviews ever’ [BACKLASH] "[They] help us sort of work out the kinks of what surgery has to look like to be somewhat realistic. “Of course, we're in a dramatic, heightened version of reality, so we get a lot of help and a lot of assistance.” Jaicy sadly hasn’t been seen in the operating room since the previous season, though she’s making no plans to leave the series just yet. Her character Taryn lost her job in the season 18 finale when the hospital’s residency programme shut down. She also stunned her boss Meredith by confessing her love while high on pain medication while prepping for her own surgery. Taryn has since been working as a bartender nearby, but hopefully it won’t be long before she’s donning her mask and scrubs again. Meanwhile, viewers will soon have to say goodbye to the show’s iconic lead, as new images have teased Ellen’s final appearance before she moves to a new life in Boston. Grey’s Anatomy season 19 returns Thursday, February 23 on ABC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.