The Boston Celtics have made the first trade of the 2022/23 NBA season as the Eastern Conference frontrunners prepare to make a move and bolster their championship push. The Celtics came agonisingly close to winning their first title since 2008 last season when they fell to the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals. According to Shams Charania of The Athletic and Stadium, the Celtics have traded forward Noah Vonleh and cash considerations to the San Antonio Spurs. In order to make room, the Spurs are waiving center Gorgui Dieng and plan to waive Vonleh too, per ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski. Dieng was on a one-year vet-minimum while Vonleh’s contract was a one-year non-guaranteed vet-minimum. Vonleh’s contract was set to guarantee on January 7 so the move opens up a roster spot and saves Boston $7.15million towards the luxury tax. Vonleh started the current NBA season in Boston’s rotation but he fell out of favour fairly quickly, and was no longer deemed necessary following the return of Robert Williams from injury. Ultimately, the Celtics have opened a roster spot for a potential trade or buyout, while the franchise also saves on luxury tax. READ MORE: NBA 'teleportation pass' has fans perplexed but there's an explanation In 2022/23, Vonleh played in 23 games - with one start - for the Celtics this year, averaging 7.4 minutes per game. The 6'10" star, who hails from Massachusetts, has averaged 4.7 points and 4.9 rebounds over eight NBA campaigns. Meanwhile, Dieng has played in 13 games with one start for the Spurs,  11.6 minutes per game. The 6'10" center has averaged 7.4 points and 5.7 rebounds over a 10-year career. According to The Athletic’s John Hollinger, the Spurs must send something back to Boston to make the trade go through. This is likely to be something with little value, like a heavily protected second-round pick. After a red-hot start to the season, the Celtics have cooled recently but remain arguably the best and most dangerous team in the NBA. Thanks to the incredible play of duo Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown, the Celtics own a 26-12 record but, with the 2023 trade deadline approaching, the team could could make a move via trade. DON'T MISSLuka Doncic joins LeBron, Kobe and Jordan amid incredible NBA formGiannis Antetokounmpo makes NBA history with stats not seen since 1982NBA star Kevin Durant leaves young fan in tears with touching gesture Detroit Pistons ace Alec Burks could provide one option, as he averages 14.2 points per game while shooting 44.7% from three. Burks is a solid defender, and his three-point shooting would give Boston another offensive weapon. If Boston decide they need another big - even with Williams back - they could turn to Jalen Smith to keep Al Horford fresh for the playoffs. Smith has been solid with the Indiana Pacers and he provides plenty of potential at 22 years of age. It will be interesting to see what the Celtics do as they eye home-court advantage through the NBA playoffs. Boston travel to Dallas to face Luka Doncic and the Mavericks in their next match on Thursday night.