Prince Harry has received an invite to the reopening of a prestigious nightclub he once frequented with Prince William. Bouji, a mainstay for some of London's most high-profile figures, has announced it will reopen its doors after closing in 2014. Owners have revived the venue nearly a decade later, and they want the now US-based Prince to serve as the guest of honour. They have set up the forthcoming grand opening to accommodate the Prince from LA. Speaking to the Sunday Times, Boujis co-owner Carlo Carello said the club would like him to join "via the Metaverse". Mr Carello said the internet would allow him to share a table with his brother, Prince William, "like the old days". He added that as an "optimist", he believed the two would have a "happy ending". READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' Bouji first opened 20 years ago and became a hotspot for celebrities visiting London. US socialite Paris Hilton, singers Prince and Rihanna and actor Hugh Grant were among those photographed at the venue. Other royals occasionally stopped by, with Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie also making appearances. When it reopens, the clientele list and cocktail menus will remain as they were before it closed. Mr Carello has also promised to resurrect what is said to have been the Royal Family's favourite spot, table 11. He said the table was "often surrounded by pretty girls", and that Kate, the Princess of Wales and her sister Pippa Middleton often joined Princes William and Harry. Such a sight is now unlikely, with the two Princes separated by the Atlantic Ocean and reportedly not as close as they were when they once frequented Boujis. In his book Spare, Prince Harry alleged his brother grabbed him on the collar during an argument. He claimed the heir to the throne ripped his necklace and "knocked me to the floor", where he landed on a dog's bowl. The Prince also alleged that, during the same argument, he called his wife Meghan Markle "rude", "difficult", and "abrasive". Royal experts have since claimed the Princes are divided over how they left their relationship when Prince Harry left for the US. Speaking to Entertainment Today in 2021, royal author Omid Scobie, who wrote the book 'Finding Freedom' said "feelings of anger" existed over how they "carried out their departure".