Prince Harry has been labelled "remarkably oxymoronic" after his very public airing of grievances about Royal Family in Spare. Royal expert Camilla Tominey, who has covered the Royal Family for nearly two decades, noted that for someone who "hates" the media, Prince Harry sure spends a lot of time in the spotlight. "You've got this strange contradiction of a man who has a visceral hatred of the media but then clearly can't resist being in the media, which seems remarkably oxymoronic," said Tominey on The Telegraph's YouTube channel. However, she noted Spare is a huge story handed to the media "on a silver platter" and she suggested talk of the memoir will likely keep Harry and Meghan in the spotlight for the foreseeable future. She added: "What makes me kind of laugh, as a journalist, is that in this book he is handing to the media - which he hates - a royal story to end all royal stories on a silver platter. "You couldn't dream of more revelations about the Royal Family than you have in a book written by the man who is complaining about the press's grotesque invasion of privacy into the lives of the royals."  "Well he's invaded loads of people's privacy here, seemingly without any permission," she claimed. The Palace has, so far, not responded to any of the allegations in Spare and Tominey notes that they will likely never be in a position to do so. She argued that King Charles III, Camilla, William and Kate would never be able to do an Oprah Winfrey or Stephen Colbert interview to present their "alternative narrative". Tominey added: "Anyone whose been covering this for the months and years since Meghan came on the scene and Megxit happened knows recollections may vary."  READ MORE: William and Kate's matching outfits could signify family 'battle' Despite various allegations in Spare, from claiming Camilla "sacrificed me on her personal PR alter" to alleging that Prince William "knocked" Harry to the ground during an argument, Prince Harry maintains that he wishes to reconcile with his family. He told ITV's Tom Bradby: "I want reconciliation, but first there needs to be some accountability." However, it's "unlikely" Harry will receive any sort of apology from the Palace, according to Ms Tominey. Senior royals have been spotted out and about performing their duties as normal following the book's publication. Spare hit the shelves on January 10 and broke the record for the fastest-selling non-fiction book. It sold 1.43 million copies on the first day. 