Extraordinary stars breakout actress Máiréad Tyers as Jen, with Sofia Oxenham, Bilal Hasna and Luke Rollason as her young flatmates trying to get by in a world where everyone is granted their own superpower around the age of 18. Joining the new Disney+ show is Siobhán McSweeney as Jen’s mother Mary, who struggles with the fact her daughter was never granted her own special ability. McSweeney was thrilled when she was sent the scripts for the new sitcom, which she claimed was the funniest thing she’s read since Derry Girls. Channel 4’s hit sitcom came to a poignant conclusion last May, and the Sister Michael star has since been presenting The Great Pottery Throw Down. She has now joined another breakout cast for Disney+’s new comedy series, Extraordinary, a fresh and scandalously funny take on the superhero genre. When she was first offered the role of Mary, McSweeney admitted she was rather baffled to hear Disney had been in touch. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' “My agent called and said, ‘You’ve got a part’,” she recalled at the series’ premiere in London. “And I went, ‘Oh, that’s nice. I don’t remember auditioning. Did I go to an audition drunk again?’ “He was like, ‘I don’t know, Siobhan. I don’t know what’s happened. Disney has offered you a part.’ “And we laughed for 20 minutes. We literally laughed for 20 minutes and he went, ‘I’m so confused. I don’t know what’s happening.’" “And I went, ‘Well, I have no f*****g idea either! I certainly don’t know’. But I said, ‘I suppose we’ll do it.’” Once McSweeney received the scripts by up-and-coming comedy writer Emma Moran, she immediately knew she had to be involved. “I read them and I said, ‘They’re really good!’” she said. “So I’ve been nothing but confused. “I arrived on set and met these beautiful people who were just so annoyingly good.” DON'T MISS:The Bachelor shares reason for ‘surreal’ rose decision [INTERVIEW]Blue Bloods season 13 snaps tease fan-favourite return [TEASER]1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan opens up on health issues affecting weight [INSIGHT] All eight episodes have arrived on Disney+ this Wednesday, and have cemented all four leads as emerging talent to watch out for. After three seasons on one of the most popular British sitcoms of all time, McSweeney was just as impressed with her new role which she hopes to continue for some time. “I remember reading the scripts and going, ‘I can’t believe how rich the world is. How accomplished it is,” she continued. “The idea of the superpowers was almost incidental to the storyline on it.” “And they were, I’ve said this loads of times, the funniest scripts, genuinely, I’ve read since Derry Girls.” With McSweeney’s involvement opposite another Irish lead and plenty of wit, charm and vulgar humour, Extraordinary certainly has a lot in common with the hit historical sitcom. Early fans will be pleased to know the series has already been given a vote of confidence by Disney and Jen’s dysfunctional flatmates will return for more misadventures in season two soon. Extraordinary season 1 is available to stream on Disney+.