Then why do we waste trillions of gallons of expensively purified drinking water every year? Some countries have two grades of water; fit for humans, called potable; and untreated water for everything else. That makes a lot of sense. A tiny proportion of the water every household goes through every day ever touches a human throat or enters a human stomach. The vast majority is used for everything else, then flushed away via the sewers. What goes in the dishwasher does not need to be human-fit; it is mixed with chemical powders immediately, then sent down the drains. Ditto the washing machine. We flush the loo and gallons of fresh water are mixed with a cup of human waste – then down the sewers it goes. Do the lawns and flower beds need purified water, or the car wash and the birdbath? Of course not. Yet purified is all we ever use. It costs money to purify all this water, which we then flush away, but we pay for all this in our water bills. It makes no sense. Three potable-water taps per household would be enough – kitchen, bathroom and downstairs loo. So how much money are we being charged every year to take water from reservoirs, purify it to drinkable quality, then flush it away? The answer must be – a lot. But water companies make fat profits – even while polluting rural streams with sewage overspill and leaks. So they are not going to change anything. But a good government could – if it made it worth their while, with tax breaks set against pollution and non-compliance penalties. But that is probably expecting too much. For reasons I do not know, there have been several media mentions recently of a drink called Calvados. This is a fine liqueur made from distilled cider, which is to say derived from apples, and it comes exclusively from Normandy where it is produced in a series of small distilleries. It just happens to be my favourite after-dinner tipple. I was first introduced to it when, as a reporter, I was assigned to cover Nato exercises in Normandy and was billeted (the “nobs” had taken all the hotels) on a grizzled old farmer for a few nights. The farmer made, and hid, his private reserve in a hole under the kitchen floor, away from the eyes of government inspectors. The brew is carefully monitored by French officialdom. At the first slug I thought my head would explode. Then I feared it might not. The farmer was much amused, but he had been part of the Liberation by British soldiers in 1944 so he poured a second portion. Over the years I came to prefer it to all other pousse-cafés. It is rarely found in British bars and pubs, and if they do have a bottle it is almost always hidden behind everything else, covered in dust from non-use and half-full. And there’s another rarity. In the ocean of media and TV adverts for alcoholic drinks put daily before us I have never seen it mentioned, while we all know about cognac, armagnac and all the other concoctions. Will the Brits ever adopt calvados? And if we did, are there enough distilleries to cope? On thing is certain: I very much doubt if the Normans will ever allow anyone else to make it. It is a regional secret. In the aftermath of Prince Harry claiming that, as a gunner in an Apache helicopter in Afghanistan, he killed 25 Taliban, retired generals have declared with outrage that our Armed Forces never tot up or reveal the numbers we kill. Nice try, gents, but not quite true. There are two areas of military expertise where “scores” are carefully kept, cherished and published. Want to guess? Well, snipers do it. Camouflage is vital. They tend to fire long-distance rifles with telescopic sights and sometimes silencers. Those who take a bullet seldom get up. The sniper knows exactly how many enemies have fallen to his gun and his commanding officers will likely interrogate him closely on that number. The other category is the fighter pilot. In this area of expertise “scores” are carefully noted and usually published. In the First World War, top scorer, all sides, was German Baron von Richthofen by a long margin. But he died in combat. In the Second World War, top scorer was American Dick Bong, followed by our own Johnny Johnson. After the war, British flier Stanford Tuck became close friends with German ace Adolf Galland. There was virtually no hatred among fighter pilots and their “scores” and “kills” were carefully noted and published. So Harry was not really breaking any codes. The UK is to donate a number of our veteran heavy tank, the Challenger II, to Ukraine. Good. If this fearsome beast can crush anything Russian in its path, which it probably can, even better. Years ago, I was tasked with making a documentary on the Challenger, then a prototype. This involved racing at over 50mph across Salisbury Plain, with head and torso stuck out of the hatch. Later, I had the same chore, bouncing across the Golan Heights in the Israeli Merkava main battle tank. I formed the view that, if there were any roles in the Armed Forces I would prefer to avoid, it would be a tank crew member. They are incredibly claustrophobic, deafeningly noisy and give the impression of being the pea in a ref’s whistle. Back then they were still the masters of the battlefield. Today, even a soldier-operated, shoulder-borne missile launcher can knock a track off at 1,000 yards and leave the monster a helpless pile of steel for the enemy to use as target practise while the crew seek to bale out of the turret and crawl away. For a long life, try the Pay Corps and stick to wage packets! We have been told till we are tired of it how, due largely to government foolishness and short-sightedness over several years, we have degenerated from a wealthy nation to a poor one, held afloat through staggering taxes and charges. But from the Stock Exchange comes (maybe) a flicker of light. Stock prices have risen. Only one per cent but over just a month. On an annual basis that would be 12 per cent, and that’s a boom. So are we going to recover? Well, I happen to think so. Over the seven decades since my teens I have seen this old country appear to hit rock bottom several times, including James Callaghan’s Winter of Discontent – Crisis? What crisis? – and each time the Jeremiahs said, it’s over, it’s Mini-Britain for ever. That was when rotting garbage choked the streets and nothing moved. Then we defied all the bastards and came back. And we can do it again. It will take hard times and much deprivation for a while – probably most of 2023. But we can get there. Back on top. And we will. Since the screening of the drama focused on John Stonehouse – starring Matthew Macfadyen – a number of voices have sought to excuse what he did as the result of the breakdown of an over-stressed high-flier who tragically went astray. Not so. Stonehouse lied, cheated, stole, swindled and embezzled to fund his lush lifestyle. Trusting folk invested life savings in his schemes and lost their all when he emptied the bank accounts. Not even charities were proof against his greed. His sentence of seven years in jail was well merited, though he only served three.