Manchester United icon Gary Neville called out Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta for showing his frustrations on the touchline athe Emirates, labelling the Spanish coach a "madman" for reacting to a foul in the clash on Sunday. Arteta has been lambasted on several occasions recently for his outbursts on the sideline, most notably in the 0-0 draw with Newcastle when he clashed with Eddie Howe. In the first half of Arsenal's clash with United, Luke Shaw came through the back of Bukayo Saka as the England winger attempted to control the ball and referee Anthony Taylor awarded a foul in the Gunners' favour. However, Arteta was incensed on the touchline and pointed out to the official that it was not the first time a similar foul had been made, but his protests only led to the boss being shown a yellow card. Neville, on commentary for the game, felt that the referee made the correct call. "I think he’s right there Anthony Taylor," Neville told Sky Sports. "He’s been singled out over the last few weeks, Mikel Arteta, but I have to say it was just a basic foul, there was nothing in it. Shaw’s just trying to get in front of him, Saka does well, but he charges back up the touchline like a madman, Mikel Arteta, just watch him. There’s nothing in it, it’s a foul, move on with the game. He makes it look like he’s two-footed him. "I was here a couple of weeks ago for the Newcastle game and he was at it all game, Mikel Arteta, which is fair enough, but on occasions where it wasn’t called for. He charged about 15 yards down the touchline and that was what he was shown a yellow card for." Former Sky Sports hosts Richard Keys has been a frequent protester of Arteta's antics on the side of the pitch, and praised the referee for dishing out a yellow card. "Well done Antony Taylor. Quite right," Keys tweeted. "Perhaps we’re making progress now. There’s absolutely no need for it." He also added a clown emoji. DON'T MISSTottenham chief Levy can raise January funds to complete two dealsArsenal turn attention to Mourinho favourite after Mudryk agonyArsenal and Tottenham target Zaniolo explains upcoming Roma meeting  An entertaining first half saw both teams live up to the top-of-the-table billing, as Marcus Rashford continued his excellent post-World Cup form by firing an effort past Aaron Ramsdale from 25 yards. However, the Premier League table toppers equalised through Eddie Nketiah as the striker sneaked into the back post and headed past David De Gea. Both sides will be hoping for a win after Manchester City moved two points behind the Gunners prior to kick-off, as an Erling Haaland hat-trick saw Pep Guardiola's side defeat Wolves 3-0 earlier on Sunday. 