A woman has shared her surprise after builders unearthed a decades-old bomb shelter underneath her garden. The woman, who has asked not to be named, was told six years ago of the reputed existence of a shelter in the garden of her home in the Pyle area of Bridgend but its presence had never been confirmed until now. The homeowner, who has lived in the property for 12 years, said the previous resident of the home had lived there for 40 years and had told her of the existence of a shelter. Builders were getting the surface ready for an outbuilding to be constructed when they found the shelter, reports WalesOnline. It was reportedly well hidden under under patio, soil, and a concrete slab. The resident who lives there said: "I haven’t told any local historians about it but I think people should definitely know about its existence." She believes it could be the remains of an Anderson shelter from the Second World War. In total around 3.6m Anderson shelters – constructed in gardens of areas thought likely to be targeted during bombing raids by the German Luftwaffe – were installed around the UK by the end of the conflict in 1945. Few are thought to remain today, according to the Anderson Shelters history site. The shelters were made from "six curved sheets bolted together at the top with steel plates at either end and measuring 1.95m by 1.35m". The site adds that the shelters, designed to protect four adults and two children, "were half-buried in the ground with earth heaped on top". The homeowner added: "I don't really know what to do with it to be honest. The plan is still to have the outbuilding there but I didn't know if anyone wanted to document it somehow." The woman, whose grandmother was an evacuee who came to the Bridgend area, added: "It's amazing to see something like this out in my back garden. I've always had such an interest in history and war history in particular because of my family connections. I'd love to find out more about it." Her find also seems to have caused quite the stir in the community. She added: "Everyone who has seen it is really excited. A lot of people have said that I should turn it into a wine cellar." 