  Ashley Olsen, 36, who forms one half of the famous Olsen twins, reportedly exchanged vows with her boyfriend Louis Eisner at a private home in Bel Air. A source said the former child star and her artist beau wed in a secluded ceremony with only a few dozen present to see them say “I do”.      It has been said that “50 people or so” attended the intimate affair in total and that the reception “went late”. The couple began dating in 2017 but are rarely seen in public together, choosing to keep their relationship mainly out of the spotlight. No further details were provided in the report published by Page Six last night. Express.co.uk has contacted Ashley's representatives for comment. READ MORE: This Morning host Phillip Schofield bids farewell after family holiday     Ashley and Louis might not like to appear in public together all the time, but they did put on a united front when they attended a red carpet event together in September. The glamorous do, which has been set up by Louis' dad, was in aid of nonprofit company Young Eisner Scholars. There was also a rare picture of the happy couple hiking together, which Louis shared on his social media. Ashley is best known for being part of the acting duo Mary-Kate and Ashley.      She rose to fame with her identical twin sister Mary-Kate Olsen when they were only nine months old, as they both portrayed Michelle Tanner on popular ABC sitcom Full House. At the age of six, the child stars began appearing in other TV shows and films, and became a famous duo known around the world. The twin sisters went on to appear in a number of film projects centred around them into their teenage years and became co-presidents of their company Dualstar on their 18th birthday in 2004. Nowadays, the pair have made names for themselves in the fashion world, launching their own clothing lines as well as couture fashion label, The Row. READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]       While Ashley has found happiness with Louis, her sister faced heartbreak back in May 2020. Mary-Kate filed for divorce from 53-year-old French banker Olivier Sarkozy, who is the half-brother of former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy. Their split came after they tied the knot in 2015 in a Manhattan ceremony. Mary-Kate has also been linked to dating David Katzenberg, son of DreamWorks co-founder Jeffrey Katzenberg, photographer Maxwell Snow and artist Nate Lowman.      Meanwhile, Ashley has reportedly dated former Columbia University quarterback and now producer Matt Kaplan. She has also been linked to restaurateur Scott Sartiano, actor Jared Leto, cyclist Lance Armstrong, actor Justin Bartha, and financier Richard Sachs. The twins’ younger sibling Elizabeth Olsen, 33, also followed her sisters into the world of acting. Elizabeth has gone on to win several awards for her roles, and has found global fame for her portrayal of Wanda Maximoff (also known as Scarlet Witch) in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  