After several years of solid use, a washing machine will show its age by working slower and looking dirty. Britons can expect a typical washing machine to last an average of six years, according to In The Wash. However, with ongoing maintenance, the appliance could last longer, according to Ben Peach, Laundry Product Manager at Haier Europe. The laundry expert explained: “Once the washing is complete, remove the finished load immediately, transferring it to the dryer, or putting it to dry. “Leaving the laundry wet inside the washing machine can cause mould and mildew to fester. Also, remember to not close the door immediately after washing, give the basket time to dry. “Always also keep the outer shell of the washing machine clean. This easy operation does not take much time so simply dust with a damp cloth. “Same thing as the glass on the door, clean it regularly with a damp cloth and it will shine like a brand new one.” READ MORE: I cleaned my oven door with a 9p dishwasher tablet - results Britons could also make sure to maintain the rubber door seal inside the machine which sees a build-up of bacteria as well as bad odours. To clean this part of the machine, the best way is to either use white vinegar or bleach and baking soda, depending on preferences, according to experts at Fantastic Services. To do so, spread one cup of baking soda around the seal inside the drum before running the washing machine empty for a few wash cycles. The cleaning pros said this is the easiest way to clean the rubber seal as well as the machine and will keep it germ-free as well as odour-free. DON'T MISS:Monty Don warns gardeners to ‘get on’ with planting tulips [COMMENT]Six winter plants to guarantee a ‘big display’ of colour [INSIGHT]Warning over dusting method which could be a fire hazard [WARNING] Homeowners can keep their washing machine seals clean and mould-free by using a clean cloth to dry the door, seal and glass when the cycle has finished. Ben added: “The detergent we pour in the dispenser for the laundry is not always used completely by the washing machine. “To effectively clean it and get rid of bacteria, you can easily remove the drawer, then soak it for half an hour in hot water. “To remove the mould from hard-to-reach corners, you can use a toothbrush.” If needed, add some cleaner into the water or onto the drawer for an effective clean. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ five minute method to clean dirty toilet brush Once every two months, the cleaning pro recommended doing an empty load wash at 60C. He explained: “It will be useful to clean the inside of the basket and the seals. “Add two tablespoons of vinegar and half a cup of detergent halfway through the wash for a perfect result. Washing machine cleaning tablets are also available to purchase in all supermarkets, if you want to use a specific cleaning agent. “When buying a machine, make sure you look for a cleaning cycle. This is a cycle that you can use which self cleans the machine.” It is also important to clean the filter every so often to remove the fibres or debris which may come off during the wash cycle. According to experts at Currys, it should be cleaned every four to six weeks. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They explained: “You should find it right at the bottom of your machine, and you might need to remove a small cover to get access to it. “Some water will leak when you remove your filter, so put some towels down to protect your floor. Unscrew the filter and let the water out. “Then clean the filter by running it under some hot water. Screw it back on tightly, replace the cover and you’re all done.” It is also important to make sure pockets are empty when placing clothing in the wash, ensuring there are no tissues or personal items which could damage the machine.