The court heard how Groves launched an attack on Mr Fitzgerald and stabbed him 22 times. His injuries led to catastrophic blood loss and severe trauma to his head and chest. After the attack, Groves is accused of attempting to create a false alibi for herself that had been inspired by true crime documentaries she had been watching. The court was told that the 27-year-old tried to her cover up her act by messaging her friend in the aftermath of the attack. The case is being heard at Winchester Crown Court. Opening the case, Steve Perrian, prosecuting, described how Groves and Mr Fitzgerald had rekindled an old relationship in January last year. Mr Perian added that their sex life "involved bondage, dominance, submission, and masochism". He added: "It is likely she was obsessed with Frankie Fitzgerald because of his performance in the bedroom."  Mr Perian said of Groves: "The prosecution case is the defendant is a manipulative, possessive and jealous woman. She stabbed Frankie Fitzgerald multiple times and left him to die without any assistance. "When she stabbed him multiple times she either intended to kill him or at the very least cause him grievous bodily harm. The killing is very likely to have been a crime of passion driven by her jealousy." The court heard how Groves allegedly called her friend Vikki Baitup in the immediate aftermath of the alleged murder and "admitted the killing". Mr Perian said: "The defendant went to the bedroom three times and showed the body of Frankie Fitzgerald covered in a duvet. She said they were lying in bed together and Frankie Fitzgerald was asleep. "The defendant was going through his messages and saw he had been talking to a 13-year-old girl. Then, while Mr Fitzgerald was asleep, she put a dagger in his throat waking him up. He moved and they started fighting." Groves is alleged to have told Ms Baitup that she "just lost it" and "stabbed him in the neck". Mr Perian added: "While the defendant was on the video chat, she could be seen cleaning the bookcase with blood on it. She showed a book and showed blood spots. Ms Baitup recalls at someone point during the video chat, hearin Lauren White, a lady living with the defendant, say 'I'm going to crack'. "The defendant told Ms White, "You can't crack you're an accomplice, you put the bin bags under his body."" The court heard how Groves tried to create a false alibi by sending a message to Ms Baitup. In this message she claimed Mr Fitzgerald had "walked out" on her and that their relationships was over. The court was also told how Groves believed that "they'll just assume he has gone off and committed suicide" before saying "it's alright, we are going to bury him in the back garden"."  Jurors also heard a pathologist's report on the extent of Mr Fitzgerald's injuries. They explained how he had been stabbed 17 times to the front of his chest, twice to other chest areas, and three times to the neck. They say this resulted in "multiple perforations of heart and lungs" alongside "catastrophic blood loss" which ultimately led to his death. Footage from officers who arrived at the scene was played to the court, they reported an "incredibly strong" smell of bleach upon arriving at the property. The court heard that Groves had allegedly made plans to use her cousin and her ex-boyfriend to attack Mr Fitzgerald Groves denies murder as the four-week-long trial continues.