The Christmas Bonus is an annual payment provided to people in receipt of the state pension or certain benefits. With Christmas 2022 already having passed, people should have received the bonus. To check, people can look for the DWP XB reference on their bank account. The Christmas Bonus is a £10 one-off, tax-free payment, issued every year, typically on the first week of September. However, the sum has not changed since it was first introduced in 1972, and inflation has ravaged it. As a result, the £10 sum will not stretch as far as it once did, and many have called for it to be increased. READ MORE: Good news for pensioners as 2023 set to be ‘better’ than last year Jonathan Edwards, independent MP, recently asked the DWP whether it was considering “the annual Christmas bonus to recipients of benefits is increased in line with inflation”. However, the answer provided is not likely to fill eligible people with much hope. Laura Trott, DWP minister, responded to the question, providing the Government’s stance on the matter. She said: “The Christmas Bonus is an annual, tax-free, lump sum payment to pensioners and to working age people who are in receipt of certain qualifying benefits during the relevant week which is usually the first full week in December. DON'T MISSFrozen pensioners unable to return to UK due to ‘cost’ [EXCLUSIVEPensions ‘on the slab for changes’ as Britons ‘unaware’ of benefits [ANALYSIS]‘Hidden hero’ helps to boost pensions but it may be at risk [UPDATE] “The bonus was initially introduced as a one-off payment of £10 in 1972 and has not been uprated or increased on a yearly basis. “The Government remains committed to providing support to pensioners and others who receive the payments. “There are no current plans to revise the arrangements.” To get a Christmas Bonus, a person must be present or “ordinarily resident” in the UK, Channel Islands, Isle of Man or Gibraltar during the qualifying week. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den cast ‘impressed’ as ‘inspirational’ man turns life around They must also receive at least one of the following benefits or payments in the “qualifying week” - typically, the first full week of December. Those who have not claimed their state pension and are not entitled to one of these benefits or payments will not get a Christmas Bonus. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Recently, a number of Express.co.uk readers expressed their dissatisfaction with the sum. CharlieKat said: “It started as a bonus - now it’s just an insult.” NorthernGeezer remarked: “Shafted AGAIN!” While Jo Blogs wrote: “Scandalous! Doesn’t cover the postage of the letter to tell you when you are going to be getting it!” However, not everyone agreed, with Goodnessme stating: “I’m grateful for the extra £10 - stop moaning!” A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “We know that Christmas is a time that can stretch budgets which is why we offer those on certain benefits a £10 bonus and pay many people their benefits earlier than usual, helping them over the festive period.”