Downstairs toilets are often a shoebox of space, a glorified cupboard or a closet. However, a downstairs loo is a great opportunity to be creative when it comes to design and decor. But too often people make glaring errors when it comes to designing their downstairs WC. Luckily, head of creative at Ca’ Pietra, the home of stylish stone and tiles, Grazzie Wilson has shared the five mistakes to avoid when redesigning your downstairs loo. In smaller properties where space is limited, keeping hallways clear of coats is a great way to create space and make halls look bigger. However, what can often happen is coat racks can end up in the downstairs toilet which already has limited space. A downstairs loo is never going to look good when it’s stuffed with coats, scarves and umbrellas. READ MORE: ‘Ideal temperature’ to avoid condensation, damp and mould in your home Grazzie said homeowners should “avoid this” if they can but if there is no other option then storage should be boxed into the toilet with cupboard doors painted the same colour as the walls or in a colour that matches wall tiles. By doing this, coats, scarves and umbrellas are contained, kept out of sight and out of mind. Grazzie said this is “one of the most-seen decorating faux-pas”. DON'T MISSTurn white shirts 'bright again' and 'as good as new' with simple hack [INSIGHT]How to clean a headboard - the 3 steps [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] Many downstairs loos don’t have windows and are located under the stairs which means they don’t have natural light. This means toilets will have limited light no matter how bright and brilliant white the paint is. The interior expert advised using tiles to make the space lighter. She said: “Choose glossy glazes that will bounce the light around the room, large format tiles that can make a space feel larger with their fewer grout lines, or continuing the same tile from floor to wall that will also make the room feel lighter and larger.” If you’re planning on embracing your toilet’s lack of light by using darker tones, ensure your lighting reflects this. READ MORE: Nearly half of Brits are not confident they could change a light bulb Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dramatic tiles in dark colours are atmospheric in a downstairs loo but will lose their impact when the room is lit with spotlights. Instead, opt for downlighters, a pendant light and dimmer switches. Grazzie said: “In the world of interiors, we always talk about the ceiling as the fifth wall – worthy of paint, pattern and attraction as much as your other vertical surfaces. “Tiling it is an option just as wallpapering it is if you want to create some drama, but otherwise, why not think about painting it in a colour that complements your floor and wall tiles?” Most downstairs loos have a tiny cloakroom sink and a little patch of tiles behind them - or even just one singular large tile. However, this could be a mistake. If your budget doesn’t allow for wall tiling all over, you could instead focus your tiles to one wall alone to make a feature. Choosing tiles that are designed to look like wallpaper work best when doing this.