Arsenal and Tottenham will help the Metropolitan Police with their investigation into the post-match incident which saw Aaron Ramsdale kicked by an irate Spurs fan after Sunday's north London derby. The Gunners managed to pull eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table thanks to a rip-roaring first-half performance, with Mikel Arteta's side claiming all three points on enemy territory for the first time since 2014. The match was somewhat overshadowed by an unsavoury incident that took place after the full-time whistle, though, as Ramsdale went behind the goal to collect his water bottle after celebrating in front of the Tottenham fans. One supporter raced down to the bottom of the stand and managed to launch a kick at Ramsdale, who looked furious as he was quickly ushered away by his team-mates. Tottenham have since issued a brief statement to confirm that both clubs will be assisting with a police inquiry into the incident, which saw the match end on a sour note in spite of Arsenal's hugely impressive showing at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The statement reads: "We are appalled by the behaviour of a supporter that attempted to attack Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale at the end of today’s match. Violence in any form has no place in football. JUST IN: Chelsea planning next move after Mudryk signing as Potter 'relieved' "The Club has reviewed its CCTV footage to identify the supporter and will be working with the Met Police, Arsenal and Aaron Ramsdale to take the strongest possible action, including an immediate ban from Tottenham Hotspur Stadium." Ramsdale was quizzed on the incident after the full-time whistle by Sky Sports and explained that he thought he had been punched by the supporter in question, who sparked a melee between both sets of players as tensions ran high in the immediate aftermath of the fixture. "The Spurs fans were giving me some in the second half and I gave some back," said Ramsdale. "Then a fan jumped over and tried to give me a little punch on the back. That’s what happened and it’s a shame because it’s just a game of football at the end of the day. "Both sets of players tried to bring me away and thankfully nothing too drastic actually happened. It leaves a sour taste but I’m sure we’ll enjoy it when we get back to the dressing room." The FA went on to issue a statement of their own in response to the incident, which reads: "We strongly condemn the incident involving a spectator that followed today’s Premier League fixture between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. This is wholly unacceptable behaviour and we will work together with the police, the relevant authorities and the clubs to ensure the appropriate action is taken." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.