Figures from the Bank of England’s Credit Conditions Survey from the fourth quarter of 2022 showed lenders reported a decrease in the availability of secured credit to households. This is expected to continue later in the year with lenders also reporting the availability of unsecured credit to households falling also. Experts are highlighting that concerns over the future of mortgage and debt repayment are affecting potential homeowners, which has been caused by rising interest rates. The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has been forced to intervene in the economy and raise the UK’s base rate in an attempt to ease the pressure placed on consumers by inflation. Since March 2022, the base rate has been raised nine consecutive times and is currently sitting at 3.5 percent. One of the consequences from this decision is that banks, building societies and lenders have passed on this interest rate increase to their customers. While this benefits savers in the short-term, homeowners with fixed-rate mortgages coming to an end, those looking to buy property and people with debt repayments have been detrimentally impacted. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Earlier this week, the UK’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation slowed to 10.5 percent for the month of December. Despite being a sign of the economy improving slightly, many experts believe further interest rate increases are likely. As a result of this decision, demand for mortgages is expected to continue to drop in the next 12 months. Notably, lenders have reduced their mortgage rates, such as Nationwide Building Society in recent weeks but experts believe “the damage has been done”. Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst for Hargreaves Lansdown, highlighted the various “red flags” which have appeared in regards to mortgage and debt repayments. She explained: “Mortgage demand dropped like a stone in the wake of the mini-budget, as rampant rate rises forced buyers to flee the market in droves. “Despite rates falling back in recent weeks, the damage has been done – demand isn’t expected to recover in the next few months. Meanwhile red flags have been raised on debt. “Defaults on unsecured lending like credit cards and loans were up at the end of 2022, and are expected to keep climbing in the first three months of this year." READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The finance expert warned that demand for mortgages will continue to drop throughout the year, even if this decrease does not appear “anywhere near so dramatic” in the next few months. Ms Coles added: “More recently rates have been dropping, but they remain significantly higher than before the chaos unfolded. “Buyers are also reeling from the shock of the rate rises, which put a real dent in their confidence. So although the fall in mortgage demand isn’t expected to be anywhere near so dramatic in the first three months of the year, it’s still expected to be down again. “It will take a while for all of this to feed into the figures on house prices, but when it does, we can expect some significant changes.” Homeowners and those looking to get onto the property market are not the only ones who have been adversely affected by soaring interest rates. Those with debt repayments have suffered greatly from the rate hikes with the number of defaults rising in the last three months of 2022, according to the Bank of England.  It should be noted mortgage defaults were found to be more stable, primarily due to people prioritising payments for their home compared to other expenses.