Eddie Nketiah saw the funny side of being snubbed for the Man of the Match award despite his two-goal heroics against Manchester United as he was asked to hand over the prize to Bukayo Saka. The eye-catching Hale End graduates gave supporters a reason to be proud as they helped the Gunners over the line in another huge step towards the Premier League title.  Nketiah got the ball rolling for the hosts when he levelled things up with a brilliant header at the back post following Marcus Rashford's classy opener. Arsenal then went ahead when Saka drove the ball home with aplomb from 25-yards in perhaps the best goal of his young career to date. But in typical United fashion, the visitors battled back to level things up courtesy of a brave looping header from Lisandro Martinez. However, the inspired Nketiah would have the final say when he steered home a late winner for the Gunners to send the Emirates Stadium into raptures. READ MORE: Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Yet despite his superb brace, the English centre-forward was denied the Man of the Match award as Saka claimed the accolade following the pair's interview with Sky Sports. When told to hand over the prize, Nketiah said to Saka: "Congrats mate." Saka was as humble as ever though, conceding that he felt Nketiah deserved an equal share of the credit for Arsenal's victory. He responded: "We should actually share this." FOLLOW ALL THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS LIVE HERE Geoff Shreeves then concluded at the end of the interview: "I'll leave you two to argue." Nketiah then added as he walked out of shot: "I'll take the goals then," a comment that was met with widespread laughter. The former Leeds loanee is now showcasing exactly why he was handed a bumper new contract at Arsenal last summer after extending his stay with his boyhood club. Initially, Nketiah had been expected to depart on a free transfer amid interest from Germany, Crystal Palace and West Ham but he decided to remain in north London, a decision he has not lived to regret.  Despite criticism that he would not be good enough to fill the void left behind by the injured Gabriel Jesus, the forward is now staking his claim to nail down a starting role long-term. Jesus has barely been missed since injuring his knee at the World Cup with Brazil as Nketiah's brilliant campaign continues for the Gunners. The 23-year-old now looks to be in line for a senior England call up after snubbing the chance to switch allegiances to Ghana on multiple occasions. Arteta could not have been clearer in terms of how highly he rates the explosive young striker and his faith in Nketiah is now being repaid with match-winning contributions.