A Met Police officer has been convicted of assaulting a 14-year-old boy while off duty. PC Paul Bewsey, 44, attacked the minor in Brentwood, Essex, on April 21 last year. The officer has been suspended from the force and the Met has confirmed that a misconduct process is ongoing. Bewsey, who denied the charge, was ordered to pay £625 in prosecution costs, £100 in compensation and a £95 surcharge, as well as perform 80 hours' unpaid work.  The 44-year-old, who was part of the unit that guards the Palace of Westminster, was found guilty by deputy district judge Caroline Jackson following a trial at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court. Bewsey's conviction comes amid huge controversy for the Met Police as the force's commissioner revealed earlier today that they expect two to three criminal cases against officers to go to court every week in the coming months. Sir Mark Rowley said the cases are a "mix of dishonesty, violence and violence against women and girls".  The commissioner went on also apologised to the victims of former officer and prolific sex abuser David Carrick, warning the public should "prepare for more painful stories as we confront cases that… corrupt our integrity". Speaking at a meeting of the London Assembly's Police and Crime Committee, Sir Mark said the force had not "applied the same level of ruthlessness" to upholding its own integrity as it did to fighting crime. He added the Met will "probably find many cases where we got it wrong" in their review of around 1,000 allegations relating to officers and staff historically accused of sexual offences and domestic abuse. READ MORE: Ex-PC speaks out on terrifying harassment from her Met colleagues [REVEAL] He described Carrick as an "awful example" of police officers who "shouldn't be here", and offered his "sincere apologies to victims for our failings." Carrick emerged as one of Britain's most prolific sex offenders after admitting to 49 criminal charges - including 24 counts of rape for crimes committed over an 18-year period. In the wake of Carrick's conviction, around 1,000 previous cases involving Met officers and staff who were accused of sexual offences or domestic violence are being reviewed to make sure they were handled correctly. DON'T MISS: Six people injured in hit and run as police hunt fleeing driver [REVEAL]Inadequate men driven on by online hatred of women, says DAVID BLUNKET [INSIGHT]Rapist PC Carrick is just tip of the iceberg in Met says whistleblower [ANALYSIS]