Yesterday, hundreds of mourners gathered to bid their final farewell to 'gentle giant', Karl Moloney. The 6ft 7 former boxing champ was carried by loved ones through Middlesbrough on a scaffolding platform, with mourners donning green in tribute. The dad-of-five has been described as a "giant in size and in life" who was loved by thousands. So much so, a roar of applause echoed through the streets as 47-year-old Karl made his final journey for a touching service at Corpus Christi Catholic Church, where the scaffolder was an altar boy as a child. A truck decorated in green grass with a large photo frame of Karl was used to help transport the 6ft7 dad's coffin to the church, reports TeessideLive, as it was too big to fit in a regular hearse. The church was packed with loved ones with many remaining outside as hundreds lines the streets of Thorntree. In a touching eulogy, sister Kelly said: "Karl Christopher Moloney was born on the 13 June 1975 on what was known as black Friday - it was Friday the 13th. An unlucky day but not for his mam and dad Helen and Denny, his adored sister Kelly and brother Kristian (Gidda). "He was born in Spencerfield Crescent, Thorntree, and was proud to be a Thorntree lad." Growing up, Karl attended Corpus Christi Primary School and later St Anthony's School. In 1985 he became involved in the boxing gym set up by his dad Denny and his best friend in Thorntree Youth Club. They convinced the late Richie Cosgrove to join and he became an important part of Karl and many other local lads' lives.   Karl went on to become a semi-finalist six times before finally winning his National ABA title in 1993 - which was one of his many proud moments. "People often say they could write a book about their life but Karl's life would be a volume of books - it was full of adventure, fun and laughter. But mostly love," said Kelly. "Everyone knows that Karl was a giant of a man, with an even bigger heart. Lots of people looked up to Karl including his little brother Kristian and his oldest son Kai, 21." In 2017, Karl met the love of his life fiancé Jennie Shepherd and her two children Harvey and Layla. The doting couple went on to have four children: five-year-old KJ, Koe, 3, and two-year-old twins Kali and Kira. Kelly added: "This was another moment of enormous pride for our Karl - being a dad to his five children. "Some people have lots of acquaintances and associates but very few friends but in Karl's case he had thousands of friends. Many of whom are here today to say their last farewell along with us, his family. Karl will be sorely missed but we're all comforted that he will be reunited with his true hero, our dad Denny and all our loved ones who have gone before him. We all know they will be causing havoc up their. "Karl's name means 'free man' and that's certainly what he is now. Rest in peace our Karl, we all love you and miss you and we always will." Karl died suddenly at home on January 5.   In a touching tribute, younger brother Kristian, who is known as Gidda, read a poem in memory of his inspirational big brother. He said: "Karl, you've always been there for me ever since I was small. I've always dreamed of being as big as you but I'd have had to be 10ft tall. "As I grew up, we'd often argue - you were never wrong. Even if I proved I was right, you would still argue with me all day long. "There is one person with a big smile on his face today, that is our dad. He's smiling because you're there now and he's back with his big lad. "You're a man mountain and boxing was your sport. I wish I was as game as you and got in the ring and fought. "You're a man of many talents Karl, you always had my back. There was one thing you were good at and that was getting the sack.  "I've got so many memories of us and I'll treasure them all so dear. When I pop to the Fleet now who is going to buy my beer. "This poem is not as good as yours but I've given it my best shot. You and dad are probably sat laughing at me saying I think he's lost the plot.  "I'm going to try my best for you, Jennie, Kai and the kids. I hope you're looking down on me saying that's our Gid Gids. "I'm going to sign off now Karl, my poem has come to the end. My heart is broken in pieces and I doubt it will ever mend." 