Emmerdale bad boy Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) is currently serving a prison sentence for shooting Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). However, in recent scenes, the truth was finally exposed after Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) confessed to the killing. After going to the police, Kyle was let go while detectives investigate what really happened. However, it all came to a head on Tuesday night when Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb), Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson), Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) and Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) were called in for questioning. They all went in telling the same story, but fans seem to think Matty cracked under pressure. When being interrogated, the detective told Matty: "You need to tell me the truth or there will be consequences." "I get what you're saying," Matty replied. "I know it's serious." READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash "I am glad we are making some headway," the officer said as Matty said: "What you're saying is, I could go to prison." "If it's proven you're lying," the officer concluded. Later in the episode, Moira gathered everyone to go over what they said to the police. "How did it go?" Moira asked as Mack joked: "They locked me up and threw away the key." "Mackenzie," she pleaded as Mack explained: "I stayed on story. We will be fine as the rest of you did." However, turning to Matty, Moira noticed: "You're quiet." "Doesn't seem like there is much to say," Matty said as they pressed on whether he stuck to their story. "Mum, I stuck to the story we agreed on," he argued. "It doesn't mean I am happy about it." "We are perverting the course of justice," Matty added which sparked concern from the others. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as couple leave village  [SPOILERS]Vera's Brenda Blethyn confirms DCI Stanhope's past will be exposed [THEORY] Could Matty have betrayed his mum and girlfriend by telling the police what really happened? In doing so, Matty could end up sending Moira to prison for covering up Al's murder. Or even worse, could he have led police to believe Cain was covering for Cain?  Dion asked: "Has Matty f****d it for everyone #Emmerdale." Ben Powell went on to say: "Bet moral Matty didn’t stay to the story #emmerdale." Peggy Carter pointed out: "Matty's going to break #emmerdale." "He’s gonna cave in, isn’t he?! What a melt?! #matty #Emmerdale," Gillian Hudson tweeted. (sic) As Zoe Little said: "I’ve just caught up with @emmerdale and I have a feeling Matty didn’t stick to the story that Moira, Amy and Mackenzie have stuck to?? #Emmerdale." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.