When Disney bought Fox a few years ago, the rights to the X-Men, Fantastic Four and Deadpool went to Marvel Studios. As a result, MCU fans have been hopeful that stars from the superhero movies of the 2000s will be entering the franchise via the multiverse. Lo and Behold, it wasn’t long before Evan Peters played a version of his Quicksilver in WandaVision and Hugh Jackman announced he’s coming back as Wolverine in Deadpool 3. But this barely scratches the geeky surface. In recent weeks, reliable scooper MyTimeToShineHello shared: “Deadpool 3 will be a direct follow-up to Deadpool 2. Wade, using Cable's time machine will travel into the future to save Wolverine from dying. Logan does not know who that guy is and want[s] him gone but using a time machine and changing history will get them on the TVA's radar.” MCU fans will know the TVA is the Time Variance Authority from Loki, so speculation is rife that Tom Hiddleston will feature in the film alongside Miss Minutes. In fact, the latter's been chatting to Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds on Twitter in recent months. And by the sounds of it, Jackman will be playing a variant Wolverine while the one in Logan goes on to die, just like Hiddleston’s Loki. Now new reports claim that not only will Deadpool and Wolverine be crash landing into the MCU via multiverse time travel shenanigans, but also other Fox universe characters. Another reliable scooper Daniel RPK shared a rumour late last year that Deadpool 3 will visit the original Fantastic Four played by Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Michael Chiklis and, yes, Chris Evans. The latter famously went on to play Captain America in the MCU, but that doesn’t mean he can’t reprise his Human Torch. In fact, Giant Freakin Robot’s latest scoop on the movie is that Evans is in talks to reprise the role. This is certainly believable given that Reynolds almost tried to get him to cameo as Johnny Storm in Deadpool 2 when he was recruiting his X-Force team. The outlet also claims that Howard the Duck, Loki and Jonathan Majors’ Kang The Conqueror will be in Deadpool 3, alongside Anna Paquin’s Rogue. Whatever the case, what appears clear is this is all leading up to the MCU’s next Endgame. The current Multiverse Saga will conclude in 2026 with Avengers: Secret Wars and fans will know this is the title of a comic book run where the Marvel multiverse collided. It seems incredibly likely that Kevin Feige plans to top Avengers Endgame’s final battle charge by including superheroes from Fox and Sony universes of years gone by. READ MORE: Avengers Secret Wars: Nicolas Cage ‘in talks’ to return as Ghost Rider Marvel Studios have a deal with Sony for Spider-Man to be in the MCU and fans went wild when Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield reprised their Peter Parkers with Tom Holland in Spider-Man: No Way Home. Interestingly, MyTimeToShineHello reports that Secret Wars is set to feature the likes of Maguire’s Spidey and Jackman’s Wolverine sharing the big screen in a multiverse team-up to save the MCU. Downey Jr is also heavily rumoured to be reprising a variant of Iron Man, not to mention Evans also being back as Captain America. So we’d be very surprised if the Fox Fantastic Four didn’t join their yet-to-be-announced MCU counterparts in the final battle against Kang. Yes, even if it means the same actor playing different characters. Just imagine Josh Brolin’s Cable teaming up with a benign variant of Thanos. We can’t wait. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty hits cinemas on May 2, 2025 followed by Avengers: Secret Wars on May 1, 2026. SOURCE