Rio Ferdinand has urged Harry Maguire to leave Manchester United this month for his own sake as a result of Erik ten Hag playing Luke Shaw ahead of him at centre-back in recent weeks. Maguire has been tentatively linked with a January move away from Old Trafford after falling down the pecking order since the beginning of the campaign, with the 29-year-old having started just four Premier League matches all season. Shaw has been moved from his usual position at left-back into central defence for three of United's last four games and has earned rave reviews from Ten Hag to dash Maguire's hopes of returning to the fold over the coming weeks. Ferdinand has since accused the United boss of 'taking the p***' out of Maguire, who he believes should leave the club before the end of the January window as a result of his unenviable situation."If you’re him you have to leave now," Ferdinand told Vibe With Five. "Luke Shaw’s playing centre-back instead of him. That’s like me going back after the World Cup, playing well, everyone saying ‘he’s done really well’, and [then] Patrice Evra is playing centre-back."I’d want to strangle Patrice! I would’ve smashed Patrice in training to make sure he’s not available, and I’d be going to the manager and saying, ‘are you taking the p*** out of me, boss?’. I’d have walked straight into the manager’s office and said, ‘you’re disrespecting me’. JUST IN: Wout Weghorst to Man Utd done 'today' after extraordinary offer "Harry Maguire’s got to move. I think he stays because of the games and they can’t get someone else in. He plays in the cup games."Maguire earned plenty of plaudits during the World Cup as a result of his impressive performances for England but has been unable to restore his status at United in the weeks since returning from Qatar. The former Leicester City man's hopes of hitting the ground running were initially hampered by a virus, which kept him and Victor Lindelof out of United's win over Nottingham Forest last month. He was back to full fitness ahead of the next game against Wolves but was snubbed in favour of Luke Shaw, who has gone on to impress Ten Hag with his performances at the heart of United's defence in their last few outings."We have seen the last two games he has been fabulous," said the Red Devils manager earlier this month. "He has impressed but, of course, we also know he's really good as a left full-back."It’s an extra option and that’s always good for a team. Of course, you have your ideas and a plan, but sometimes it changes by circumstances like the illnesses for Harry and Victor. Normally, they start in the games we have just played, but then Casemiro did well as a centre-half against Burnley and then Luke did very well against Nottingham Forest." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.