But is it actually any good? Well, having ploughed through its 400 pages I can tell you that actually, it's not half bad. Would make a decent beach read when it's in the two for five quid bin in your local supermarket this Summer. But, Lord above, on every page poor Harry comes over as a hot mess. He bangs on incessantly about how Spare is "his truth" - but it never quite feels like it. It feels manufactured and professionally packaged and all a bit beyond his control. There's a whiff of Stockholm syndrome on every page as he makes positively unhinged attacks on "the media" for example while simultaneously becoming a willing cash cow for one of the world's largest media firms, the German Bertelsmann which owns Penguin Random House (and incidentally did great work for the Nazi party in WW2). He seems to have swapped having his strings pulled by the monarchy to having his strings pulled by massive media companies who want a return on their investment. The former he hates - the latter he seems perfectly happy with. But to the book, which is split roughly into three sections - Diana, the Army, and Meghan. And it is pacy and readable, breezing along at a fair lick until the gears crunch badly when he gets to the Meghan years. Mawkish, teenage and just a touch fingers down the throat. But, despite every line seemingly already having been aired on TV and in newspapers, there are still surprises in the book and many witty turns of phrase too which cast "thicko" Harry in a previously unforeseen light as a positive Dorothy Parker-level raconteur. This may of course be a gift bestowed by his ghostwriter journalist J.R. (John Joseph) Moehringer, we shall never truly know (Moehringer was paid $1m for his input. Funny how those hated scumbag journos can be quite useful when you need them eh Haz?). But are we really to believe Harry, who admits in the book to not being a big reader, is as easily familiar with the works of Faulkner, Kafka, Dickens, Shakespeare and Nathaniel Hawthorne (which he references) as he is with Jungian psychotherapy (which he also references). Seems unlikely.. but maybe I'm being harsh. What we can believe though is that Harry is a mess of contradictions, that - soldiering aside - he is a man-child who really hasn't figured out how to be a grown-up yet. He seems more likeable than expected but there is still a deep vein of petulance and an almost teenage self-obsession. For me, the best chapters in the book are the ones dealing with the Army, and especially, the Afghanistan years. Here Harry briefly comes across as a man in his element, and an estimable one at that. An Apache helicopter pilot yes, but more a man who embraces military discipline and danger with ease and relish. His two tours of Afghanistan - and the relevant chapters - are the only time Harry writes with real honesty, and clarity of purpose. They are gripping too - I'd be surprised if Harry hasn't turned these chapters into a money-spinning Netflix six-part drama by this time next year. There really is a gritty truth here absent from the rest of the book which all too easily falls into cod psychoanalysis and woeful self-pity. Of course, Harry has been attacked for admitting to 25 Taliban kills - but what exactly did we think he was doing as an Apache pilot in Helmand with Hellfire missiles and high-calibre Gatling guns a button press away? And yes some of the language - the chess pieces analogy for example - lacks a bit of introspection, but you forgive him. He's a soldier doing a soldier's job, not a conflict therapist. Therapists do however play a big part in the book, particularly in the Meghan years. I'll leave you to draw your own conclusions there. Diana, or rather her loss, looms over the whole book too, like a spectre. She seems to inform Harry's every move and mood and it seems clear that he has not even come close to processing her death. Diana is part of the reason Harry claims he turned to drugs. And goodness, did he turn to drugs. Bags of weed, LSD, cocaine, magic mushrooms - you name it Harry's smoked it, snorted it or eaten it. But none of it was his fault. Nothing is. When he talks about his apparently industrial drug use he blames the media and his family. When a newspaper outs him he seems to have no conception that if he hadn't used illegal drugs the press wouldn't have written about his illegal drug use. The glaring contradictions and self-justification start to annoy me after a while. "Spare or no spare it wasn't half bad to be an actual prince," he admits in the opening chapters but by page 89 he is writing: "Most days I don't care who I am so long as it is not Prince Harry." He goes on and on and on about his fragile mental health, yet boasts he passed the Sandhurst military tests for "psychological toughness" with flying colours. He says repeatedly he loves being close to nature, but then he seems to spend a lot of time shooting it dead. The contradictions come from a gaping lack of empathy - always seeing the worst in people, suspecting their motives, making his victimhood front and centre of everything.Even the infamous Nazi uniform becomes Kate and Wills's fault "I wasn't thinking, I meant no harm" he writes of the hilarious swastika armband. It could be the epitaph on Harry's gravestone or indeed the back cover of the next print run.