Dirty pillows and pillowcases can lead to numerous issues such as bad odours and poor sleep hygiene. This can trigger allergic reactions or infecting lungs, and pillows should be cleaned every six months, and replaced every one to two years. This will also ensure they continue to be supportive, which is important in preventing back and neck pains. Taking to social media, Mrs Hinch fans have shared various methods to clean pillows and remove sweat stains. There are a number of different reasons why marks may appear on pillows, including sweat and saliva stains. However, it isn’t just sweat and saliva which may cause that nasty yellow stain. Other sources of moisture such as going to bed with wet hair or drooling throughout the night are also common reasons why marks may appear. Not only are they stubborn to remove, they can be unsightly too and so it is best to tackle the stains as soon as they appear. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Sarah Roseanne wrote: “Morning all. I need help to remove yellowing from pillows and pillow protectors, what are your best tips please?” READ MORE: Seven houseplants that remove dust and toxins from the air The post attracted various different comments, with the most popular method for removing yellow stains being Napisan. Alison Riddell wrote: “Soak in Napisan overnight or at least for a few hours and then wash in the machine. Add more Napisan and usual detergent.” Michelle Toohey said: “The yellowing is sweat and I found regularly washing and adding Napisan or soaking in it helps.” Sophia Ashmore commented: “Napisan is the way forward, totally effortless way to get brand new pillows again.” DON'T MISS:I cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results [PICTURES]I tested five brands of washing up liquid - here’s what I thought [INSIGHT]‘Affordable’ DIY jobs to make a ‘massive’ improvement to your home [EXPERT] Napisan is an in-wash stain remover which helps to remove germs and stains from your washing load, even at low temperatures. The description of the product on Tesco’s website reads: “Napisan works by releasing active oxygen to kill germs and remove stains. “Items washed with the product will not only be clean but will kill germs you can’t see to leave garments hygienic.” The product can be purchased from a variety of different stores, including supermarkets for around £3 to £4. READ MORE: Four home improvements to avoid before moving home Other comments from cleaning enthusiasts recommended using white vinegar and baking soda to help lift the yellow stains. Alice Tilda said: “Mix vinegar and baking soda to create a paste and put it on the pillow.” Lisa Roland wrote: “Baking soda on the pillow and put it in the sun for a few hours. Vacuum the powder up and it’ll be good as new.” Baking soda can also help to absorb any odours on the pillow, while white vinegar will help to disinfect it. Britons can also put their pillows in the washing machine, if the care label suggests it. To help prevent the pillow from going floppy, adding a tennis ball into the machine can help keep its shape. According to experts at Dreams, pillows should be washed at a minimum of 60C. While this may not get rid of stains, it can help to get rid of nasty bacteria. Dreams’ experts said: “Like sheets, dry them quickly and thoroughly. However, as up to a third of the weight of your pillow can be made up of dead skin, bugs, dust mites and more, washing them after hot weather can be beneficial. “In fact, an average unwashed pillow can contain 16 species of fungi. To avoid this, it can be a good idea to choose hypoallergenic pillows or ones with cooling credentials.”