The CCP views Taiwan as a renegade province and has not ruled out using force to 'unify' the island democracy with the mainland. The CCP may also believe a window of opportunity exists to blockade or invade and right now it is unlikely the West could apply Russia-style sanctions to China considering how integrated China's economy is with the West's. Such conditions could well change in the years ahead, however. The UK will be the first European country to have a Reciprocal Access Agreement with Japan and comes after both countries - as well as Italy - sought to develop the next generation of combat fighter jets under the Global Combat Air Programme. Japan and the UK have also launched a digital partnership, strengthening cooperation in areas such as cyber resilience and semiconductors.While the threat of war in Asia may seem a long way off for the UK, it should be remembered that Taiwan's role in the global electronics sector - on top of its position in the 'first island chain', which effectively blocks the CCP's dominance over the western Pacific - make the threat of war in Asia an issue for all Western countries.In addition, the British Indian Ocean Territory is where Diego Garcia is situated - an island where one of only two critical US bomber bases in the Asia-Pacific are located (the other being on the US territory of Guam). Given as well that the UK is a major US ally, it seems unlikely that the UK would sit out a conflict over Taiwan. Ongoing border tensions between China and India could further increase the chances of British involvement should war erupt in Asia.Security aside, Japan and the UK have also been discussing trade, including the UK’s accession to the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP). In both trade and security, the UK is continuing to look towards Asia as it moves on after Brexit. As Japan takes over the presidency of the G7, the country's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has also been in France and Italy. Today Kishida will be in Washington as defence ties strengthen between Japan and the US. Japan's role could make all the difference in the event of conflict in Asia.Missile purchases by Japan are likely to be discussed. Moreover, the Pentagon said there will also be new cooperation on preventing threats from space. For its part, Japan is beefing up its military as public opinion shifts markedly away from pacifism due to the perceived threat from Beijing.Neighbouring South Korea has also shifted its position in recent years, with public opinion turning noticeably more hostile towards the CCP.Beijing - which seemingly U-turned over zero-Covid in the face of protests within China - is no doubt also aware of the loss of face of not making some move on Taiwan in the not-too-distant future, having repeatedly told Chinese citizens that unification is an inevitability.CCP control over Taiwan could fundamentally change not only the balance of power in the Asia-Pacific, but in the wider world as well. For the UK this week's developments suggest London expects to play a significant role should tensions heat up in the Asia-Pacific - a region the UK has interests in and whose security remains critical for Britain's own prosperity.The Government's recent AUKUS deal with Australia and the US was a further hint of a British pivot towards the region.Taiwan may seem a long way off for Britain, but war in Asia could quickly suffocate the global economy, with consequences for the UK even worse than the current economic woes.It is no doubt with that in mind that the Government is looking to strengthen ties with the world's third-largest economy and cement its role as a global player.