Megyn Kelly burst out laughing as she reacted to Prince Harry insisting his upcoming book Spare will give him the opportunity to openly talk about his life as a working royal. Since stepping down alongside Meghan Markle in 2020, the Duke of Sussex has given a series of interviews in which he hit out at the Royal Family for the perceived mistreatment of the couple. But Ms Kelly mocked Harry's latest foray into television as she pointed out he has repeatedly expressed his frustration at his relatives and the institution. Ms Kelly said: "Let's shift gears to somebody who isn't a victim but thinks he is and that is Prince Harry who is finally going to tell his story. "Finally, he is going to come out with it in his autobiography after the gazillion interviews he and his wife have given about their poor lives. "Their castle is too small, I don't know if you heard. I heard it's too small, he was treated so poorly that he had to duck when he went through the doorways. "It's so hard when your castle is too tiny. He's given two interviews now which are being previewed." JUST IN: King Charles ‘laughed off’ accident after worker bumped into him on a Christmas outing The former Fox News anchor noted the Duke of Sussex agreed to promote his upcoming memoir Spare on his close friend Tom Bradby's broadcaster. Speaking on her SiriusXM programme The Megyn Kelly Show, she continued: "ITV that's the station that asked Meghan Markle the question, in the middle of Africa, 'how are you?' And she said, 'thank you for asking because no one has.' "Right, cause we are focussed on Africa, that is why no one asked you." She added: "Why do we have to get saddled with them? They said in their documentary they were considering South Africa - why didn't they go? "Why didn't they go there, why do we get stuck with them?" READ MORE: Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity after 'propaganda' of new Netflix show The Duke and Duchess of Sussex notoriously confirmed a split with the Royal Family as they spoke with Tom Bradby during their visit to South Africa in 2019. Meghan Markle admitted to struggling with the pressure of royal duty and said she had been warned by friends about the challenges she would face by marrying Prince Harry. And the Duke conceded his relationship with Prince William was struggling as the two brothers were "on different paths" at the time. Harry and Meghan took a six-week break from royal duties upon their return from South Africa, spending Christmas 2019 in Canada with their son Archie and Meghan's mother Doria Ragland. DON'T MISSPrince Andrew sells luxury Verbier ski chalet for £19million [INSIDE PROPERTY]Lidl recalls popular product due to possible contamination [LATEST]'Most awkward moment' for the Royal Family caught on camera [EXCLUSIVE] While away, speculation began to circulate about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepping away from royal duties to temporarily relocate to South Africa with their family. In January 2020, the Sussexes released a statement confirming they would no longer work full-time as members of the Royal Family and instead serve when called upon. However, the late Queen convened a summit at Sandringham to discuss the new roles Meghan and Harry would have, ultimately announcing they would not represent the Crown anymore. The couple attended their last public engagement in March 2020 and only returned together to the UK to attend the celebrations for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee in June 2022. Meghan and Harry returned in September to join the Royal Family at Her late Majesty's funeral.