While easier access to other European countries has been broadly welcomed – not least in boosting the country’s all-important tourism sector - voices are already being raised against ditching the kuna in favour of the euro. With only a slim majority in favour of joining the single currency, in the end Croatia’s constitutional court overruled the opposition. Given Croatia’s sparkling development (like neighbouring Slovenia it is fast catching up with Italy and Spain), there seems little benefit the country will now derive. Although some analysts claim ditching the old kuna will help protect Croatia’s economy, the reality is that the southeast European country will now lose a key tool of its economic independence. It will find, like other eurozone states, that much of its freedom of action has now gone – a point not lost on other countries in the more traditionalist east as they do battle with Brussels over apparent rule of law violations. In fact, the euro was already widely used in Croatia, with many bank deposits and much of the country’s debt denominated in euros. As with other countries in the region, Croatia previously had the best of both worlds. Now, things may be about to change. Little wonder over 80 percent of Croatians now fear higher prices, around half are concerned the euro will bring negative consequences, and barely one-third think the country is well-prepared. Pro-Europeans will argue that Croatia was already so linked to the eurozone that the change will make no difference. But now a key fiscal policy tool is gone. With the transition, of the 11 EU states in the more conservative east (not counting Cyprus and Greece), six are now in the eurozone, although the majority of people in the region still live in countries with their own currencies. Countries like Hungary and Poland have seen the impact eurozone membership has had on the likes of Italy, a country today with limited freedom of action should it even seek to extricate itself from the EU. Meanwhile, having got to a high level of economic development, many countries in central and eastern Europe – looking to a future of being net contributors to the EU – are becoming less financially dependent on Brussels. Croatia may now find itself at the mercy of Brussels, its bargaining strength gone. Given that the country already aligns with other conservative states in the EU’s east, both Croatia and the EU may find themselves in for a headache. No doubt, for now, Brussels will see this as a propaganda coup, a shot in the arm when the EU most needed it. Brussels will feel its hand strengthened when it next goes into battle with Hungary and Poland. Croatia - which like Slovenia – has seen EU membership as a tool of moving closer to the West, may however be in for rude awakening. The southeast European state should see that the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland have drawn closer to the West without needing to lose all their independence. Indeed, Hungary and Poland in particular – and other re-Christianised states in the region – feel they are exemplars of Western culture and identity, whereas western Europe they see as having abandoned these things. In its quest to look to the West, Croatia may have ignored the potential for a new conservative bloc right on its doorstep, encompassing the like-minded nations of the EU’s east. Instead it may have handed a propaganda coup to Brussels and closed off its exit strategy should it ever need one. Brussels has won a key victory, but it cannot mask the cultural divide which still cuts the EU in two.