Ruth Langsford returned to Loose Women on Tuesday after admitting she had taken a break from the ITV show to look after her husband, Eamonn Holmes. At the beginning of the ITV show, Ruth opened up about what life has been like at home for Eamonn after having to deal with losing his mum. Ruth told her co-stars: "He was struggling with bulging discs. "Then he had a back operation, which you know was always that nerve-wracking moment isn't it? "And then a few days after that he fell downstairs and broke his shoulder. "So it's been a really difficult time, so I took some time off really to be at home and look after him. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "And then very sadly his mum passed away in the middle of all that so it's been a terrible time." "It's a lot of bad luck," she said before adding: "And these things come along, and you're like, 'Anything else?'" "You know what?" Carol McGiffin chipped in. "2023 can't get any worse then, can it?" "I hope not," Ruth replied as she continued to announce what was coming up on the show. Eamonn, who has kept his social media followers updated throughout his health struggles, announced he would be returning to GB News next week. In view of his 763,000 followers, the presenter shared a snap of himself smiling in the GB News studio. He wrote: "Been to my GB News studio today to make sure I can cope with mobility. "All good. The comeback is on for Monday 9th January! Hope u can join me." DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay airs concern as co-host says 'can't carry on' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [SPOILERS] Eammon's co-stars and fans were quick to reply to wish the presenter well. His wife simply wrote alongside a red heart: "There he is." Lucy Alexander penned: "Great to hear you're back." While Ellie Phillips added: "Yayyyyy! SO happy for you. Oh, I can’t wait for you to be back so we can have a giggle about all things showbiz." Eamonn's GB News Breakfast co-host, Isabel Webster beamed: "Bring it on partner." In November, the 63-year-old paid a tribute to his mum in a moving post. Sharing a snap of the pair, he said: "To all of you who cared and sent so many messages of condolences re My Mum...I am genuinely humbled and overwhelmed. "U have been a great comfort. We lay her to rest this morning. Thank you." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.