Myers also said the book was not a "good look" for Prince William as it labels him as a "bully, a shouter, an aggressor, and a physical abuser according to Harry". He added: "It's been written before that Harry felt aggrieved that he carreid the can for [the Nazi uniform] although nobody made him wear that costume. "It's slightly bizarre he's raking over old coals here, because in the Netflix series he'd said, to paraphrase, it was 'one of the most shameful moments of my life'." Myers said it was for this reason that it was "particularly troubliing" that Harry had "dragged" the Prince and Princess of Wales into the furor. Myers isn't the only correspondent to comment on the matter. Royal Editor for the Sunday Times Roya Nikkah also told The Royal Beat: "What seems to be the emerging theme here is that Harry feels William has a particuular public personal, and perhaps Harry feels he wants to change that." The brothers have long had very different public personas and attitudies towards them have changed over the years. Some have argued that this is down to their respective roles. William is heir to the throne while Harry isn't; therefore they have very different responsibilties and destinies. This is a distinction faced by other famous royal siblings, including with Queen Elizabeth II and her sister, Princess Margaret. However, in common with another pair, the futures of one brother has been changed by a defining act. READ MORE: Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan Queen Elizabeth II was not initially destined to be queen when she was born in 1926. This was due to befall the offspring of her uncle Edward VIII, who was the elder of her father, the eventual King George VI. However, after clashing over his love for Wallis Simpson in the mid-1930s, Edward abdicated the throne. As a result, George VI came to the throne, and with it, Elizabeth became the heir. Fast-forward a century and this time it isn't the opposing elder brother that has made the move, but the younger. In January 2020, Harry and Meghan announced they were stepping back as senior members of the Royal Family. Dubbed 'Megxit', the move was an arrangement between Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the royal household regarding their financial independence and royal duties. The move was due in part to the persistent negative media coverage they were receiving. In the subsequent years, the couple has revealed more about their time inside the royal bubble. Harry has since released Spare which details further allegations involving senior members including his brother Prince William.