Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho covered up both his face and his head during a training session ahead of Friday’s FA Cup clash with Everton at Old Trafford. The Red Devils go into the game looking to book their spot in the fourth round of the competition. And they’ll be entering the fixture on a high, having won all four of their matches since the recent World Cup in Qatar. Manchester United players have been put through their paces in training ahead of their FA Cup showdown with Everton. And, if the images from Getty are anything to go by, Garnacho was the only member of the squad who decided to completely wrap up at Carrington. Other members of the United squad were seen wearing jackets, gloves and hats as they trained with Friday’s match against Everton creeping closer. But Garnacho went one step further, covering both the majority of his face and head as he adapted to the Mancunian cold. The 18-year-old will be hoping to get the nod when United step out onto the field at Old Trafford, especially when you consider his fine form this term. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Garnacho netted a memorable winner for the Red Devils against Fulham before the World Cup, with his goal evoking memories of one from Cristiano Ronaldo at Craven Cottage earlier in the veteran’s glittering career. And he was also on target as United beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in Spain in October, with Ronaldo celebrating alongside the youngster. Garnacho impressed off the bench against Bournemouth on Tuesday night, with his speed and trickery causing problems for the Cherries. And with United primed to tinker their squad, it’s possible the teenager will be unleashed from the start against the Toffees. The Red Devils have met Everton three times in the FA Cup over the years, winning two and losing one. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The first time they locked horns was in 2005, when United and their opponents were managed by Sir Alex Ferguson and David Moyes respectively. It was Wayne Rooney’s first game back at Goodison Park since quitting the Toffees the previous summer. And he ended up on the winning side, with goals from Quinton Fortune and Ronaldo propelling the Red Devils through. In 2009, however, Everton got their revenge. United were held to a goalless draw by the Toffees in the semi-finals of the FA Cup, with Ferguson’s side hoping to win a historic quadruple at the time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet they were dumped out of the competition on penalties, with Phil Jagielka scoring the winner after misses from Rio Ferdinand and Dimitar Berbatov. In 2016, United and Everton again locked horns in the last four of the competition. But it was a better day for the fallen giants, with Anthony Martial netting a late winner to send United through. And Martial has been reflecting on that afternoon ahead of the rematch with Everton on Friday, telling club media: "It was great. "As we always set out to win trophies and victories like that are very important for us. "As I’ve said, we always want to win as many trophies as possible, and this is a competition where we are still on track to progress. We are going to give it everything we can to win it.” He added: “I must admit it’s not something that I watch closely but you’re right, I do have a good stats record against Everton, and I’ll be doing everything I can to keep that going. “Clearly, this is not going to be an easy match. It is up to us to do everything we can to turn the match in our favour. "[But] it’s always that bit better for us, playing at home, and with the 12th man of the supporters right behind us."