 The Kelly Clarkson show has been a daytime favourite since it first landed on NBC in 2019. However, after a series of recent absences, the singer left fans questioning her well-being.    After winning American Idol 2002 and performing on stages across the world, Kelly Clarkson returned to screens with her self-titled talk show. The Kelly Clarkson Show has been a staple in many homes for three years, which is why her disappearance raised eyebrows. This week, she was replaced by a number of familiar faces and without sharing the reason for her absence, fans became concerned. On Monday’s episode, actress Niecy Nash guest-hosted the show, while America’s Got Talent judge, Howie Mandel took the reins on Tuesday. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash   Although they were fun episodes filled with surprises and laughter, viewers were intrigued to know where Kelly was. Many took to the show’s official Instagram account and shared their concern for Kelly in the comments under a recent post. User @Pantsnana wrote: “Hope Kelly is okay.” @Guykite added: “I hope all is well with Kelly and she will be back soon.”  A curious @Sid_vicious_8 quizzed: “Does the audience know if Kelly will be there or not? I'd be so disappointed if I bought tickets to her show and her not be there.” While @Rachel.the.dreamer asked: “Is Kelly and her kids ok?” @Brendas_outside commented: “Missed Kelly. Couldn’t watch today.” While @Grandigirl1 threatened to switch off for good: “Kelly if you don’t come back I’m gonna stop watching.”  DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Wes Bentley sparks concern with injury [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones’ Greyworm star admits director axed key improv scene [INSIGHT]  During Monday’s episode, Howie invited his daughter and actress Jackie Schultz to the show as well as fellow AGT star Terry Crews. Travel expert Emily Kaufman also guest-starred and surprised two lucky audience members with a vacation to kick-start their year. Meanwhile, Neicy was joined by Quantum Leap actor Ernie Hudson and Emily in Paris’ Melia Kreiling on Tuesday. Neicy’s partner, Jessica Betts closed the show with a special performance of her latest single, We Drip.   Although the show continues to be a huge hit, Kelly's absence has sparked fan concern before. In December, she was forced to host a portion of her show from home, while guests appeared on set. It was later revealed Kelly had Covid-19 and was in isolation at home while she recovered. Kelly is yet to speak out about her absence and Express.co.uk contacted NBC and Kelly's representatives for comment.  The Kelly Clarkson Show continues daily on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.