Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, has given a new interview following the Duke of Sussex's publicity blast for the release of his tell-all memoir, Spare. Prince Harry has delivered four bombshell interviews in the past week, to ITV, CBS, Good Morning America and People. And now Ms Ferguson shared a glimpse last night from her Retro Radio interview recording in Budapest this week, which is yet to air. On Instagram, she praised Abahazi Csaba for being "such a great host" and thanked the radio team for welcoming her warmly. The interview appears to have been promoting Sarah's upcoming novel 'A Most Intriguing Lady', which is due to be released this spring. In one photo, the mother-of-two could be seen signing one of her books with a black pen on the studio recording desk. In another snap, she could be seen chatting with host Abahazi, who was standing across from her. She captioned the post: "We had such good fun in the studio recording for Retro Radio! "Don’t mind me while I reminisce. Thank you for having me Retro Radio and thank you, Abaházi Csaba, for being such a great host!" 'Delightful Duchess,' one fan wrote in response. A second added: 'Anytime you fancy being on my show I’d be delighted to have your company.' A third wrote: 'Well done Duchess.' Sarah's new radio special follows Prince Harry's recent media blast - which began on Sunday with an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby. During the 90-minute special, the father-of-two accused his family of being "complicit" in the "pain and suffering" of his wife Meghan Markle and likened them to "abusers". Shortly afterwards, the Duke's interview with Anderson Cooper aired in the US - in which he claimed he has "never intended to hurt his family". The next day, Prince Harry told Good Morning America that the Queen "knew how hard it was" for him but hinted the late Monarch was not "in a position" to change his and Meghan's role in the royal family. Following on from this, Prince Harry's interview with People magazine - where he claimed he had to reveal his 25 Taliban kills for his "own healing" - hit newsstands. Sarah's new radio interview comes after she paid tribute to her former mother-in-law the Queen in a New Year's poem. The poem read: "As the primroses appear on the banks of Windsor so clear, new beginnings, new paths, new rainbows to see, you are tucked in our hearts even though apart – so welcome 2023 knowing you are free. Happy New Year."