Sharon Osbourne, 70, addressed her medical emergency for the first time as she return to The Talk. Alongside panellist JJ Anisiobi, she explained she passed out but doctors still don’t know what caused her to fall ill before Christmas. The wife of Ozzy Osbourne explained she has had numerous medical tests to try and work out what happened. However, doctors have been unable to diagnose exactly what happened. Despite her health scare, Sharon is pleased to be back in the UK and celebrated a quiet Christmas with her family. JJ asked: “Can you explain exactly what happened?" READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again “I wish I could but I can't. It was the weirdest thing,” Sharon replied. “I was doing some filming and suddenly they tell me that I felt..." JJ continued: “Passed out?” Sharon explained: “Yeah, for 20 minutes. I was in hospital. “I went to one hospital, they took me to another hospital and I did every test over two days and nobody knows why." JJ asked: “So they still don’t know why you passed out?" as Sharon confirmed: “No.” Earlier this week, Sharon took to Instagram to share a festive message with her fans and confirm her return to TalkTV. Speaking n a video, she said: “Hi everybody at The Talk and everybody who watches The Talk. I want to just let you know I will be back January 3rd. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne blasts Prince Harry for cutting his children off [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne looks in good spirits after ‘emergency’ hospital dash [PICTURES]Frail Ozzy Osbourne is unrecognisable as he uses trolley for support [LATEST] “I’ve missed you all very, very much, and I know I keep saying I'm coming back, but this time it's for real! “I just want to say to you all have the bestest, healthy, happy holidays and a Happy New Year. Love you all.” Sharon was rushed to hospital for a “medical emergency” in December after filming an episode of Night of Terror with son Jack, 37. He confirmed on Instagram at the time: “OK here is what I'll say - first things first MY MOTHER WASN'T FILMING A EPISODE OF @ghostadventures. “She was filming a new episode of Night of Terror with me. Hahaha. “'Now that we have made that clear... She had been given the all clear from her medical team and is now home. “Thank you to everyone who has reached out with love and support. “As to what happened to my mum - I'm gonna leave it to her to share about when she is ready.” The Talk airs weeknights on TalkTV at 9pm.