Sporting worlds collided in comical fashion on Wednesday when Stefanos Tsitsipas rewarded his fans with a stack of pre-signed autographs at the Australian Open. The Greek gem advanced to the third round of the Melbourne major following his straight-sets win over Rinky Hijikata and will face off against Tallon Griekspoor on Friday.  No. 3 seed Tsitsipas earned a flurry of favourable reviews in the wake of his second straight-sets victory in as many matches Down Under. However, it was his post-match actions that really stole the limelight with some spectators. Numerous fans could be seen reaching toward Tsitsipas from the stands at Rod Laver Arena, some holding photos of the star or other items they wanted autographed. The 24-year-old wasn't in the mood for custom orders, however, and handed each attendee a signed copy of the same photo after plucking a pile from his tennis bag straight after the result. And quick-witted aficionados couldn't help but spot the similarity to former football manager Neil Warnock, who went viral for an almost identical gesture in July 2021. The retired tactician was overseeing Middlesbrough's pre-season at the time and rewarded a young female fan with a pre-prepared autograph straight from his bum bag after a friendly win. READ MORE Rafael Nadal's wife caught crying in the stands over Australian Open injury nightmare  Proud Boro supporter Lee Hall said at the time his daughter was "over the moon" with Warnock's gift following a 7-0 victory over Tavistock AFC. Footage of the act soon went viral as social media revelled in the act, with former Premier League star Yannick Bolasie dubbing his former boss the "last of a dying breed." And Tsitsipas was similarly praised for his prophetic piece of photo flair, which tennis writer Bastien Fachan called 'genius'. Fachan followed up with another image of Tsitsipas signing a generous stack of the pictures during the off-season as evidence that it was in fact him who had autographed the samples. Not everyone was as in love with the idea, however, as one Twitter user described the act as "pure cringe." And they weren't alone as others suggested it didn't have the same authenticity as seeing the athlete sign it live. DON'T MISS  Australian Open security boot out 'rowdy British' fans for foul-mouthed Andy Murray chant Emma Raducanu shuts down reporter question on new injury worry after Coco Gauff defeat Australian Open star tells crowd to 'shut up' as he accuses fan of having 'too much' beer    Whatever the case, Tsitsipas can't be criticised for not thinking of his fans at least, having taken the time out to ensure some supporters got something of his to remember. After all, signing memorabilia is unlikely to be at the top of most players' wishlists after playing 90 minutes of tennis in the Melbourne heat. That being said, greats recognise other outside-the-box thinkers, and Warnock could well have inspired the tennis talent to get his autographs ready ahead of time. Shame about the lack of bum bag, though.