Jorginho has been pictured in an Arsenal shirt for the first time. The Gunners have agreed a deal with Chelsea to sign the Italian for an initial fee of £10million. Signing a midfielder has been the priority for Mikel Arteta in the final few days of the transfer window. Brighton's Moises Caicedo was the top target. However, the Seagulls have stood firm and refused to let the player leave. Arsenal saw two offers worth £60m and £70m turned down for the Ecuador international. Arteta and sporting director Edu had to turn their attention elsewhere. And it appears they have got a deal over the line for Jorginho. READ MORE: Everton shift focus onto £18m move after being knocked back on two offers  But before the club could make an announcement, Jorginho's agent leaked the news. Joao Santos posted a picture on his Instagram account of him and Jorginho. Jorginho is seen wearing the Arsenal home shirt as well as the club's tracksuit bottoms, which is emblazoned with the No 20. It appears the 31-year-old has taken the squad number of Nuno Tavares, who is currently on loan at Marseille. Arsenal's interest in Jorginho only emerged on Monday. But the Premier League leaders have moved quickly in order to tie up a deal for a player Arteta has admired for several years. Jorginho is set to sign an 18-month contract after spending four-and-a-half years in the Premier League at Chelsea. Arsenal will have the option to extend the contract by a further year if they so wish. DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan  The pursuit of Jorginho has been met with a mixed reaction by Arsenal fans on social media. Many are underwhelmed by his arrival after the failure to get a deal for Caicedo over the line. However, Arteta was desperate to bring in midfield reinforcement. The club confirmed on Tuesday that Mohamed Elneny has suffered a serious knee injury in training and will be out for a sustained period of time. Thomas Partey has been largely fit this season but was forced off during the FA Cup fourth-round defeat to Manchester City last Friday with a rib injury. A lack of senior options in midfield has seen Arteta go for Jorginho. Arsenal are set to allow Albert Sambi Lokonga to go out on loan following Jorginho's arrival. Crystal Palace look set to bring in the Belgian on a deal until the end of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 