The former cruise singer captivates audiences with her popular series Holidaying with Jane McDonald, so fans will be pleased to hear the Channel 5 series will return to brighten up their January evenings from Friday. Joining Alex Jones and Ronan Keating on The One Show tonight, Jane reflected on her recent travels and after an emotional clip she apologised for getting choked up. Jane sadly lost her partner, Eddie Rothe. Her fiance died from lung cancer in April 2021, and the singer lost her mother around the same time. Holidaying with Jane McDonald sees her jetting off to sunny destinations as she travels solo. Her adventures are detailed in the Channel 5 series, and fans of the Yorkshire-born TV star love to catch up on her latest adventures. In the upcoming series, Jane experiences an array of new things, and she shared some of them while reflecting on The One Show sofa. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire "Now Jane, let's talk about your new show - Holidaying with Jane McDonald," presenter Ronan remarked. "Tell us where you're taking us this time around!" "Oh, I'm going to Mexico!" Jane replied excitedly. "Mexico this week and then Cyprus the week after." She continued: "I've done some fantastic things, I've let little turtles go, I've seen a very sexy Mexican cowboy playing polo! "Oh, that was nice! Didn't get a horse ride but you know just the memory of that was marvelous really." Describing the series as "a tonic," host Alex explained: "We've got a clip, you mentioned the turtles - we can see it here, it's really beautiful." A teaser showed Jane releasing some baby turtles on a sunny beach. "Look at them, they're trying to get out!" she noticed while holding a pair of the tiny animals. DON'T MISS... Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'heartbreak' after co-star's exit [LATEST]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' identity of Fawn as girl band icon [THEORY]Fern Britton stirs outrage as My Cornwall viewers fume [REACTION] She added: "I'm calling one Ed and one Jean, after my late partner and mum." In the clip, Jane looks overcome with emotion as she states: "You have no idea how special this feels. "And we're getting to release them." Waving at her face, she added: "I'm quite emotional." Back at the BBC studio, Alex gushed: "They are so adorable, aren't they?" while Ronan pointed out: "That was quite a special moment for you." "Well it was," Jane replied. "Because I just recently lost my partner and my mother at the same time..." As her voice cracked, Jane continued: "Sorry, my throat went there, always does when I talk about them. "And I just thought, 'This is new life - go out,' and... you've just got to think at the end of something comes something beautiful, a new life and that's what we all have to remember. "So it was quite an emotional bit for me and they all got down to the ocean, so I was so pleased to see them go." "Sorry you've been through that Jane," Alex sympathised. "Thank you, it's not just me though, there's a lot of people out there," Jane responded. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.