While petrol and diesel prices might not currently be at an all-time peak, the cost of living crisis is more prevalent than ever. Last year alone saw fuel prices climb to all-time record levels, hitting 191.36p per litre for petrol and 198.94p for diesel. The RAC forecasts that unleaded and diesel prices should fall sharply, but with inflation at a 14-year high, there’s no better time to save money. Nick Zapolski, the founder of ChooseMyCar.com, said that while some of these tips may seem a little extreme, they really do work. He added: “In these difficult times where the cost of living continues to spiral, it can’t hurt to try anything to keep your fuel costs down. “Many of these tips are around temperature regulation, and although they may sound unusual, they really can make a difference. It’s worth a try - every little bit helps!” READ MORE: Drivers slam 'unfair' parking fines as 'another reason not to buy EVs' Drivers may have to use a compass for this one, but the “simple fuel-saving hack” will help them save money. During winter months, if drivers are parked facing the morning sun, they will spend less time running the car to warm it up and demist their windscreen. With the colder temperatures, drivers will normally wake up to see their windscreen frosted, and with this tip, this may be less of a burden. DON'T MISSDrivers could see changes to car ownership with new schemes [INSIGHT] Common money-saving car insurance myths busted [REVEAL] Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales [WARNING]  Keeping an open bowl of water on the passenger seat is a great deterrent for unnecessary acceleration and braking. It sounds a bit strange, but it is a simple and brilliant reminder to drive gently. If a driver hits the accelerator too hard, they will see water pour out the sides. Likewise, if they are driving too fast and braking hard, they’ll notice water on the seat. The best bowls to use for this are small cereal bowls, with water about an inch from the top. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's car collection ‘reflects’ her personality Most drivers will park their car in a way which is convenient for them, but they could inadvertently be using extra fuel. Mr Zapolski claimed: “Did you know that by reversing into a parking space (or ensuring you are facing forward when you park) you will save fuel? “Your car uses less fuel with a warm engine, so reverse parking when you arrive saves fuel, compared to reversing out with a cold engine when you leave.”  Cars use more fuel if it is heavier and one way to reduce the weight is to take anything out of the car which isn’t needed. Removing your roof rack when they are not using it and getting rid of any rubbish in the car could help drivers reduce some weight. Footballs, deckchairs, toys and so on might be handy from time to time, but the weight could increase your fuel consumption. By keeping their car warm in a garage, drivers will help the car remain at a more stable temperature for fuel economy. This will reduce fuel consumption by using less air conditioning to heat or cool the car. 