PGA Tour star Scott Stallings has revealed his invite to play in this year’s Masters was accidentally sent to a stranger in the post with the same name. Stallings has qualified for the famous major event at Augusta National for the first time since 2014. His two previous outings around the iconic Georgia course saw him finish in a tie for 27th and miss the cut, and after qualifying once more for the first time in nine years the American has no doubt been keen to receive his invite for this year’s event in April. Revealing he had been checking his mail box ‘five times a day’, Stallings was still without the usual postal invite, with many other of his PGA Tour colleagues having already received theirs. His panic however was finally over after a stranger reached out on social media. This said stranger shared the exact same name as the 37-year-old, whilst both of their wives also bizarrely shared the same name, Jennifer. The confusion was finally put to bed after Stallings’ namesake revealed the Augusta invite had in fact been sent to him. READ MORE: Tiger Woods wrestling with 'biggest challenge' for 2023 in potential final swansong year Revealing the remarkable story on social media, the PGA Tour star shared a screenshot of the message received by his fellow Scott Stallings. Along with the direct message grab, Stallings tweeted: “Literally had been checking the mailbox five times a day, and then I got this random DM.” “Hi Scott my name is Scott Stallings too and I’m from GA, my wife’s name is Jennifer too!” the message read. “I received a FedEx today from the Masters inviting me to the Masters Tournament, April 6-9 2023…  “I play, but wow! Nowhere near your level. It’s a very nice package complete with everything needed to attend. I think we have some confusion because of our names, our wife’s names and geographical location. I can be reached at [redacted] and I am more than happy to send this package to you.” Stallings currently has three PGA Tour victories to his name, with his last coming back in 2014 at the Farmers Insurance Open. Heading into 2023, the 37-year-old currently finds himself ranked 54th in the Official World Golf Rankings.