It was the fight that was supposed to elevate Ike Ibeabuchi to boxing stardom. Frequent comparisons to Mike Tyson were seemingly justified when the Nigerian heavyweight went 17-0 against David Tua in a titanic clash for the WBC International Heavyweight title. The clash still boasts the record for most punches thrown in a heavyweight contest (1,730), and Ibeabuchi took a unanimous verdict against a man many considered a world title contender. As it happened, Ibeabuchi would fight just three more times in his career, his last bout coming in 1999 aged just 26. His unfulfilled potential can be considered one of the saddest notions in the sport, but his natural talent was unfortunately no match for the demons which plagued his personal life. Shortly after his battle with Tua in June 1997, the man dubbed 'The President' went from on top of the world to rock bottom. He kidnapped his estranged girlfriend's 15-year-old son, and the terrifying ordeal ended with Ibeabuchi crashing the car with both of them in it. The young man in question suffered life-altering injuries. Ibeabuchi was sentenced to 120 days in jail and forced to pay more than £400,00 in a civil settlement. He served his time and returned to the ring, and his record was quickly enhanced to 20-0. A demolition of Chris Byrd had seemingly propelled him into the world title picture. But his apparent destiny was soon derailed by an accusation of sexual assault. JUST IN: Tyson Fury to 'shake' on Jake Paul bet as Tommy Fury breaks silence on grudge fight As it happened, Ibeabuchi would fight just three more times in his career, his last bout coming in 1999 aged just 26. His unfulfilled potential can be considered one of the saddest notions in the sport, but his natural talent was unfortunately no match for the demons which plagued his personal life. Shortly after his battle with Tua in June 1997, the man dubbed 'The President' went from on top of the world to rock bottom. He kidnapped his estranged girlfriend's 15-year-old son, and the terrifying ordeal ended with Ibeabuchi crashing the car with both of them in it. The young man in question suffered life-altering injuries. Ibeabuchi was sentenced to 120 days in jail and forced to pay more than £400,00 in a civil settlement. He served his time and returned to the ring, and his record was quickly enhanced to 20-0. A demolition of Chris Byrd had seemingly propelled him into the world title picture. But that destiny was never to be fulfilled. The 21-year-old woman, a dancer who the fighter had hired from a local escort service to come to his hotel room in Las Vegas, told police he had tried to rape her when she had asked for payment up front. He was arrested and a previous sexual assault case against the star was then reopened. Medics initially deemed him not fit to stand trial on the grounds he was bipolar - but he was eventually sentended to multiple jail terms. The news devastated his mother, who claimed a complex conspiracy against her son. Among her arguments were the pair having their home broken into, women bribed, food and drink spiked and phones being tapped. She also claimed he was denied legal representation. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury in position to fulfil Jake Paul bet at Anthony Yarde vs Artur Beterbiev showAnthony Joshua warned career will be over if he doesn't 'starch' Jermaine FranklinTommy Fury told he 'won't win a round' against Jake Paul in brutal fight breakdown  Years of legal wrangling followed, with Ibeabuchi eventually released in 2014, only to be detained in Arizona for a further 18 months. During which time, his mother died. The freedom didn't last long, and after being placed on lifetime parole and at 42, planning another boxing return, he was soon rearrested for breaking conditions of his probation and returned to prison in Arizona. No opponent could topple Ike Ibeabuchi in a ring. Sadly for the now 49-year-old, and boxing fans, the battle he never came to winning was with himself.