Glasgow may not be the first place you'd think of visiting for an outdoor spa - especially in winter. However, the Kimpton Blythswood Square Hotel has set out to show the rain and cold weather will not get in the way of relaxation. Growing up near Glasgow, the hotel is one I had passed many times. However, my first experience going inside the five-star hotel took place on a particularly rainy winter's day. While it was cold outside, the welcome was warm and I was greeted by a number of staff members as I walked to reception. The motto of the city is 'People Make Glasgow' and I definitely felt this from everyone I met there. Check in was quick and easy and I was soon headed to drop my bags in the room. I stayed in a King Bed Premium room which was located on the top floor. READ MORE: Lake District weekend: A two day getaway to the UK beauty spot The room was compact but stylish. As well as the King sized bed, there was a large flat screen TV, sofa, dressing table and stocked mini fridge. This was complimentary in our room type but this may vary in others. The bathroom was large with a bathtub and standalone shower. There was also a handy “Forgot It? We Got It!” note which listed all of the essentials you could borrow on request. Upon arrival we were told the hotel has a daily social hour where guests can enjoy a glass of wine in the lobby living room - a lovely touch!  While a night could easily be spent relaxing in the room or with a drink in reception, the hotel has much more to offer. From a private gym - featuring a Peloton bike - to a modern restaurant and bar, there is lots to keep guests busy. Of course, there is also the spa. The indoor spa is currently being renovated but outdoor facilities, named THAW, have been put in place instead. The Winter Spa Garden can be found in the courtyard and includes luxury saunas and a steam room.  The Scandinavian-inspired pop-up spa also features an open air hot tub for those hoping to stay warm. Bubbles can be purchased for an extra splash of luxury. Due to extreme weather conditions on the day of my visit, I didn't get a chance to try out the facilities. However, I did enjoy a calming treatment - choosing a 55-minute full body massage. I felt instantly relaxed and a consultation before it started meant my needs were catered for. After peeling myself from the spa, I headed back to the room for a quick change before it was down to the restaurant for dinner at the hotel restaurant iasg. This can be visited by guests and passers-by alike. I started with a delicious selection of warm bread served with whipped butter. For a main, I tucked in goat’s curd tortellini. The pasta was perfectly balanced with spiced winter squash, pumpkin seed pesto and kale. I also enjoyed a side of hearty skin-on fries.  If you're looking for something a bit different, the restaurant also offers lots of Scottish options such as Blackened Shetland cod, Scottish venison haunch and 6oz Scottish fillet steak. The restaurant is also where I enjoyed breakfast where there was a self-service buffet - think eggs, sausages, toast, cereals, pastries and smoothies - as well as the option to order something different from the menu for a charge. As well as the top-tier amenities, Kimpton Blythswood Square Hotel has a quiet but convenient central Glasgow location. It is a quick 10 minute walk to the town and easily accessible from both of the main Glasgow train stations. It offers spa and overnight packages, making it the perfect place for a relaxing city break. The THAW experience package is bed and breakfast for two people with a 55 minute treatment each. Prices start at £380 (Sunday-Thursday) and £405 (Friday to Saturday), based on two sharing. Hotel rooms start at £189 in the low season.