Cristiano Ronaldo may be joined at Al Nassr by one of his rivals from his time in Spain, as Barcelona’s Sergio Busquets has been linked with a move to the Saudi Arabian club. The two contested several fiery El Clasico matches when the Portuguese star was plying his trade at Real Madrid, but soon could be team-mates. ESPN claim that Al Nassr have offered Busquets an annual net salary of £11.4million in an attempt to convince the 34-year-old to move to the Middle East with Ronaldo, as his contract at Barcelona is up at the end of the season. The playmaker has also been linked with a move to MLS side Inter Miami, who have been speaking with the Spaniard over a potential free transfer for several months. They have also been linked with a move for Busquets’ former colleague Lionel Messi, though the Argentine is set to remain at Paris Saint-Germain for at least another season. There may have been concern over pairing Ronaldo with a Barcelona player, though the two had shown a level of respect for each other amid controversy between the two sides several years ago. Spanish media were reporting that the Portugal captain had a derogatory nickname for Messi that he used with his Los Blancos team-mates, but Busquets spoke out and claimed that he did not believe that the Real Madrid man would do such a thing. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “My thoughts on Ronaldo allegedly insulting Messi? I don't believe that Ronaldo is talking badly about Messi in the Madrid dressing room,” Busquets previously told COPE. “We are certainly not talking badly about him at Barcelona. We have a lot of respect for him and have not given him some sort of nickname in the dressing room.” It could have been easy for Busquets to take a swipe at Ronaldo over the rumours and defend Barcelona’s star man, but he instead resisted the temptation and backed Ronaldo. Ahead of a potential reunion at Al Nassr, the ex-Manchester United man would have given his backing to the club in their bid to sign Busquets, due to the respect Ronaldo has for the Spanish midfielder and the admiration between the pair. READ MOREArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk's agent sets record straight on '£70m Chelsea bid'Shakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMW Busquets was tempted to leave Barcelona in January, but boss Xavi insisted that his importance was needed until the end of the season. "He has a contract until June and will stay until the end of that and then we will see," Xavi said this month. "[It will then depend] how he ends the season, but I think it's more of a personal decision for him, based on his feelings and how he feels on the pitch. "For me, he is still important. We will try to convince him [to stay] if things go well, but it will depend on his personal decision. We are focused on this season for now. There is a lot to play for and we can't make plans for June when we are 100 per cent focused on this campaign."