Cam Norrie suffered a shock exit at the Australian Open as he lost a five-set battle with World No.71 Jiri Lehecka. The Wimbledon semi-finalist had arrived at the first Grand Slam of the season in solid form after reaching the final in Auckland on Saturday. And the Czech left-hander had never reached the last 16 of a Grand Slam before and lost in the first round of every Major last year. But in windy conditions in the Kia Arena, Lehecka gave the display of his life to win 6-7 6-3 3-6 6-1 6-4 in three hours and 12 minutes. Norrie, by contrast, was way off his best. The No 11 seed struggled with his serve in the conditions - is lack of rhythm was shown when he bounced the ball 19 times at one point between serves - and had his left knee strapped in a medical timeout after the first game of the final set.  The Czech, 21, also had three set points in the first-set tiebreak but held his nerve to fight back into the contest. Lehecka served superbly and made 84% of first serves in the second set to establish a bridgehead in the encounter. And he took his first match point after a scrambling Norrie dumped a forehand drop shot into the net. The British No.1 is still to get beyond the third round here in five main draw appearances. Speaking in his press conference after the match, Norrie indicated he missed out on a great opportunity for a deep run at the Australian Open. "I don't think I've been feeling the ball too well the whole tournament," he said. "Obviously coming into the tournament, it's maybe my best level. Last week was great. And United Cup was some of the best level that I've played in a while. It was a great start to the year. "And I think, yeah, I wasn't really feeling the ball that well since the start of the tournament. Yeah, there was too many lapses in concentration. Like I said, the way I started sets and started the match was not where it should be. Yeah, I gave him too much today, and he was, like I said, more solid than me. "He was more aggressive than me and probably hit more winners and probably less unforced errors. It was pretty straightforward. If you're going to do that, you're just going to win the match." 