Aries Your attention will be riveted on the one area. Until a work or family project is running smoothly, you will not turn your back on it. Once all is going well and you can leave it in someone else’s capable hands, you will be able to turn your attention elsewhere. Taurus It might seem as if efforts you have been putting in behind the scenes for a charity or community project have gone unnoticed and unrecognised. The gratitude and recognition you receive today will give your confidence a boost. You might also find your enjoyment of the work increasing too. Gemini A partner or housemate’s solution to financial difficulties will be to make stringent economies. Although you will be tempted to throw cold water on their ideas, once you have had a chance to think about it, you will realise they do make a lot of sense.   Cancer A close relationship has been dogged by disagreements and strife. It will be with relief that you notice there is less tension now with a strong possibility that all that went before will be wiped away and a fresh and more hopeful picture emerges. Leo It will become obvious you have missed something that has been happening around you. A chance word with a colleague or fellow student will suggest things aren’t going as well as you thought. Discussing this with someone in a senior position could save you a lot of lost sleep. Virgo Make a point at some time today to check emails and text messages. Make that phone call an older relative is waiting for. All it takes, where family and friends are concerned, is to keep in regular contact to keep relationships running smoothly.    Libra A chance to make some extra money will appeal to you but if you take on this challenge it could turn out to be more difficult and time-consuming than expected. An item you recently bought will have to be returned as it will either be faulty or below standard. Scorpio You will have cause to be grateful to a friend or workmate who will offer to take an unwanted burden off your shoulders. This will allow you to focus more precisely on activities that are important to you. You will have to make a decision on whether or not to enter a contest. Sagittarius You don’t mind offering guidance when it is asked for but what will get your back up is when a friend or workmate demands that you stop everything to give them some advice and then they do the opposite to what you suggest. You wouldn’t have minded so much if they hadn’t been so insistent in the first place.    Capricorn An emotional friend or colleague needs your support. You can take a calmer view of their situation. Their reactions are doing nothing to impress those who are against them and if you feel there are misunderstandings, there are also practical ways you can help. Aquarius An unusual business proposition will be something you will want to consider especially when this will feel like a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. You will be asked to keep things to yourself for a short while as it will not seem appropriate to let those you normally deal with know what your next move may be. Pisces Be ready to accept help when you stumble into a few problems. Teamwork is what is all-important now if you are to make some progress. Joining forces with someone who is available and who seems to know what they are doing will be the answer to any problem or difficulty you encounter. 