Newcastle have their very own secret weapon in the race for Champions League football as Eddie Howe's side continue to show that defence is the best form of attack. It has now been nine hours since the Magpies conceded a goal having kept nine clean sheets in their past 11 matches. Newcastle comfortably have the best defence in the Premier League having only conceded 11 goals in 18 top-flight matches this season - three of which came in the 3-3 draw with Manchester City at St James' Park. Summer signing Sven Botman has been integral to that after bringing a refreshing balance to Newcastle's previously-disjointed backline. The Dutchman's commanding presence and sweeping left-foot passes have been a huge difference-maker for Howe in his quest to build from the back. It makes Newcastle's six-month transfer pursuit of the defender all the more worthwhile following a gruelling battle to land the talented 22-year-old. READ MORE: Arsenal star Gabriel fumes at overlooked penalty shout in frustrating Newcastle stalemate Botman now looks like one of the most accomplished young defenders in Europe as he continues to perform consistently for the high-flying Magpies, becoming a staple in their ever-improving defence. His performances make you wonder why there were no other clubs - besides AC Milan - in contention for his services, not least Tottenham, who were crying out for a left-footed centre-back. Antonio Conte's side made a central defender their top priority at one point during the summer transfer window but the efforts to land Josko Gvardiol and Alessandro Bastoni failed to bear fruit. Left-footed central defenders are a rarity and there are not many top-quality options available in the transfer market, which is why Newcastle's capture of Botman now looks even more impressive. READ MOREArsenal 'intensify interest in Ligue 1 phenomenon' and have clear view on January transferBarcelona boss Xavi intervenes on Memphis Depay transfer as Man Utd target reunionChelsea target Enzo Fernandez returns for showdown Benfica talks after New Year's Eve trip Alongside Dan Burn and Kieran Trippier, he has helped elevate their defence to the next level and it will undoubtedly be key to their hopes of finishing inside the top four. Botman was once again exceptional on Tuesday night as Newcastle frustrated top-of-the-table Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in a goalless draw. The Dutchman showcased his organisation, aggression and brilliant reading of the game to help shut out Mikel Arteta's side. Arsenal were totally frustrated throughout and that was evident on the touchline as the anger and pressure got the better of animated head coach Arteta. While Howe is working wonders on the field, he also has those upstairs to thank for transforming the fortunes of Newcastle. Yes, it would not have been possible without the £305m Saudi-backed takeover but the commendable work of sporting director Dan Ashworth has also been key to their fortunes. He was the man who was finally able to get the Botman deal over the line following his arrival from Brighton and that has been a crucial factor in Newcastle's success this season. The signings of Burn, Trippier and Bruno Guimaraes in January have also been game-changing for the Magpies, although they were secured prior to Ashworth's arrival on Tyneside.