Liverpool have reportedly nailed down their midfield shortlist as manager Jurgen Klopp looks to revitalise his options over the coming months. Chelsea star Conor Gallagher is supposedly among them, and although chances of a deadline-day swoop are remote, decisive action could be taken in the summer. The Reds acted quickly this month, bringing in Cody Gakpo to provide attacking reinforcements in a £37million move. It brought an extra element of satisfaction for supporters as they stole the Dutchman from Manchester United, who had also shown serious interest. Things have gone quiet at Anfield over the past few weeks, however, with Klopp poised to wait until the summer to set about his hotly-anticipated midfield revamp. According to The Daily Mail, Liverpool are looking at four players in particular to provide an injection into a stuttering side. Gallagher is supposedly under consideration, and the 22-year-old could accept a proposition involving regular first-team football with minutes hard to come by at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Arsenal 'eyeing Youri Tielemans bid' as Caicedo struggles continue  The Blues academy product may slip even further down the pecking order under manager Graham Potter over the coming months with Enzo Fernandez and Moises Caicedo both being eyed on deadline day. Gallagher was recently the subject of a £45m bid from Everton, although he is not thought to be keen on a move to Goodison Park. The all-action midfielder impressed on loan at Crystal Palace last season, where he was one of the first names on the team sheet under Patrick Vieira. His exploits also earned him international recognition, amassing four England caps with plenty more likely to come in what is shaping up to be a promising career. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'agree fee' to snatch exciting Chelsea striker Soonsup-BellMan City star Joao Cancelo 'set to join Bayern Munich on loan'Tottenham set to block Japhet Tanganga transfer exit Also on the Reds' hit list is Borussia Dortmund sensation Jude Bellingham. Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson have both spoken openly about their admiration for the teenager, while club legend Steven Gerrard has even offered to take him out for dinner and discuss a potential move. Competition for the England ace's signature will be fierce, however, with both Manchester City and Real Madrid believed to be hot on his heels. A bid for Wolves star Matheus Nunes could also be on the cards after they came close to signing him from Sporting Lisbon last year.  The Portuguese is yet to hit top gear since moving to the Premier League but Klopp is believed to be a serious admirer, and a proposal worth around £50m could be enough to force Wolves' hand. A final option that Liverpool could look towards is Moises Caicedo. The Brighton ace is still relatively new at the top level but his performances have earned him fans at several top clubs, although the Reds may be too late to the party if either Arsenal or Chelsea manage to snap up the £75m-rated star on deadline day. 