  Coronation Street legend Helen Worth, 72, was positively beaming as she led those set to collect honours at the castle today. The soap actress grinned widely as she stopped to chat to Prince William, who honoured her with an MBE.      The Ossett-born actress was thrilled to be given her MBE for services to drama. The star looked lovely as she posed with her award outside afterwards wearing a smart black blazer and matching black skirt. She wore a chic black and white blouse beneath the blazer and completed the look with an elegant fascinator, which included a back headband with some subtle netting. Helen has played the iconic Gail Platt on Coronation Street since 1974. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'   The pictures also show the soap star receiving her award inside the castle, where she can be seen meeting Prince William in a stunning gilded room. The Prince of Wales, who stood on a large red carpet with gold trimming, was smiling widely as he conversed with the actress. Another picture showed him stooping down to fasten her medal to her dress, as they continued to chat. The star also appeared to shake the royal’s hand as they exchanged meaningful conversation.       Helen was joined at the ceremony by England's chief nurse Dame Ruth Beverley (Ruth May), who was made a Dame Commander for her contribution to nursing, midwifery and the NHS. Meanwhile, visual artist Cornelia Parker was made a CBE for services to the arts after her well-known work on large-scale installations. The Bailiff of Jersey, Sir Timothy Le Cocq, was made a Knight Bachelor for services to the bailiwick. Andrew Rhodes was rewarded for 30 years of policing with an OBE for services to emergency responder wellbeing and mental health. READ MORE... Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [NEWS]    Air Vice-Marshal Suraya Marshall was also made a CBE, while Jonathan Powell became a Companion in the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George. In 2014, Helen received the Outstanding Achievement Award at the British Soap Awards for her work on Coronation Street. The star started out working in repertory theatre after she graduated from drama school, which included a year with the BBC Radio repertory company. She went on to have small, uncredited parts in popular films like Oliver! (1968) and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (1969).     She also appeared in television shows like Doctor Who story Colony in Space (1971), The Doctors, Helen: A Woman of Today (1973), Within These Walls (1974) and The Carnforth Practice (1974). The star has admitted that, since joining Corrie all the way back in 1974, she never plans to leave as it is a job she loves. In 2014, there was even a one-off special made about her long stint on the show, entitled Gail and Me. The documentary, which aired on ITV, celebrated the actress’ incredible 40 years in the part of Gail.   