If a house is prone to damp, particularly in these winter months when high energy bills have millions of households turning the heating off, black spots of mould can appear. Condensation, high levels of humidity and damp can cause mould to grow on walls and around windows. Here’s how to get rid of mould in the home. Taking to the Facebook group Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, James Anderson asked: “Any tips on getting rid of mould - every two/three days I’m wiping walls in bedroom with a cloth sprayed with bleach/mould spray.” James received a variety of solutions including using a dehumidifier, mould and mildew spray removers and special mould paint. If used together, mould will be banished for good. The first step to reducing mould is ventilation - this can be by regularly opening windows, but in the colder months, this seems counterproductive if the heating is on. Instead, consider buying a dehumidifier. Dehumidifiers work by reducing humidity by drawing warm air currents into its coils via a fan. The warm air contracts as it's fed through the refrigerated coils of the machine and condensation or moisture from the room is left inside the dehumidifier. Ni Ainle Ruth on Facebook told Jason: “Get a dehumidifier to draw out the damp. READ MORE: Four jobs to prolong the life of your washing machine Andi Zied added: “They really help. I've less condensation on windows etc. The amount of water in damp air is unbelievable. Flat feels warmer now too with dry air.” Sharran agreed: “Dehumidifier, I only have to run mine every two to three days now I have got on top of it.” According to Mumsnet, the best overall dehumidifier is the Meaco 20L LE Low Energy Dehumidifier priced at £175 on eBay. The best budget dehumidifier is the Pro Breeze 1500ml Dehumidifier priced at £79.99 on Amazon. DON'T MISS...Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE] After you’ve worked out how to reduce the humidity, clean the mould you can see. Many homeowners recommend a mould and mildew spray, and there are several brands on the market. Sharon said: “Astonish mould and mildew spray has worked for me!” Lynda recommended: “The Dettol spray is good mould killer.” Sharron suggested: “Buy a bottle of Cillit Bang [Black Mould Remover] from Home Bargains or supermarkets. You will not be disappointed.” HG Mould spray was another solution recommended, and Monica said it was “excellent” at removing mould spots. READ MORE: ‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead After cleaning the area fully, you can paint over the area with specialist mould paint. Paint experts at Dulux suggest preparing the wall first by cleaning and drying it, and using a primer before painting. A primer helps “cover up and seal” over some of the discolouration, marks and stains mould may have left. When painting, choose a product with a special fungicide which inhibits the growth of fungi and mould inside buildings - like Dulux’s Trade Mouldsheild. Aly on Facebook also explained her experience with mould and how she rectified the problem: “I had mould in my bathroom that kept coming back… and I painted it with white exterior paint… an it’s never come back..” She then posted an image of the paint she uses, Polycell One Coat Damp Seal. She added: “The anti fungus in the paint seemed to have stopped it… it’s only a suggestion.. as it worked for me.”