Hundreds of flights across the United States remain grounded after The Federal Aviation Administration suffered a catastrophic system error sparking travel chaos for thousands of passengers. An issue with the NOTAMS safety alert system was first reported on January 10 sparking widespread problems across the US and abroad. Technicians from the Air Traffic Control System Command Center are working flat out to fix the problem but warned passengers to buckle up for long delays. A message on their website warned passengers: "The NOTAMS outage continues with no current estimated time of restoration. A hotline has been activated." At least 1,162 flights within, into or out of the US have been delayed while 94 have been cancelled. The FAA said in a statement: "The FAA is still working to fully restore the Notice to Air Missions system following an outage. "The FAA has ordered airlines to pause all domestic departures until 9 a.m. Eastern Time to allow the agency to validate the integrity of flight and safety information." Twitter user Bettina Inclán wrote: "Update from our United pilot - The down system doesn't let him check flight plans and follow federal regulations. According to people here at DCA airport, it's a regulatory gray area if they can fly. Putting safety first, they are grounding flights until FAA fixes the system." Flights are reportedly delayed leaving airports such as Tampa, Philadelphia, and Honolulu. And, delays have also been reported at Ronald Reagan Washington airport in Arlington, Virginia. READ MORE: Ryanair shares insider tip to be ‘first on and off’ the plane Flights that were supposed to head to Charlotte and Los Angeles from New York's JFK airport at 6am ET have been delayed, according to the airport. And, an announcement was reportedly made at Richmond airport in Virginia informing travelers about the flight delays. An American Airlines passenger has claimed that they have been sitting on the tarmac for an hour. It’s thought there is a problem with the NOTAM system – a tool that’s used to warn pilots about potential hazards on a flight.  FAA officials have not revealed when the outage will be resolved. TikTok user _slenny said the outage is affecting the beginning of her honeymoon. She said: "Woke up at 4am for my honeymoon and five minutes before boarding an employee at the gate announces that FAA has a system and nationwide outage. "No planes are taking off or landing across the country at th moment. It could take five minutes or five hours." While Alan Smith on Twitter wrote: "The FAA has grounded all flights due to a computer outage. Sitting on a plane at Newark Liberty International."   by an attacker within Russian territory, senior officials told US outlets. An official with knowledge of the attack told ABC news the systems which had been targeted did not handle air traffic, internal airline communications or transport security. The attacks reportedly resulted in targeted "denial of public access" to public-facing websites that report airport wait times and congestion. The cyber hit was first reported around 3am EST (9am BST). America's cybersecurity agency was notified by the Port Authority that it had detected an attack on the systems used for LaGuardia airport, New York City. LaGuardia's IT systems have since been restored, but other airports were said to be subsequently targeted.