Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has hit back at a reporter for asking a question about his side’s transfer business this month. The German boss has reiterated that the Reds will only do business if the right opportunities are available. With injury problems mounting and key issues becoming more prevalent, Liverpool were expected to bolster their ranks during the January transfer window to provide Klopp with the chance to right the wrongs of the first half of this season, though that now sounds unlikely. His side are currently sitting in seventh in the Premier League and are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester United. Securing Champions League football will be the Reds’ main goal for the remainder of the campaign, knowing that it will have a major influence on the business they conduct over the summer. But Klopp has revealed that his side are not rushing into negotiations with clubs as due to their lack of funds, having already signed Cody Gakpo from PSV. Speaking ahead of his side’s clash with Brighton on Saturday, the former Borussia Dortmund boss was asked by a reporter about whether he can plug holes in his squad with new signings, to which he replied: “Honestly, come on, I’ve had 6000 press conferences at Liverpool and you were pretty much part of 5999, do I need to tell you again the money story? “What could be the reason that we have money like crazy but we don’t buy the players even when they’re available? That’s what you think? So why ask the question when the answer lies on the table, I really don’t understand. “It’s not that we have so much money in the bank and we don’t know what to do with it but we think ‘ah we don’t need anyone’. We cannot solve the problem, especially with injuries, in the transfer market, sometimes you have to but usually you just have to get through until the boys come back and then you can use them again. The transfer market is not the solution to us in this moment.” Klopp also pointed to how replacing injured players, such as his forwards, with signings would lead to him having too big of a squad further down the line, with four attackers currently ruled out with injury. Darwin Nunez and Roberto Firmino are currently ruled out with injury for his side’s trip to the south coast having missed training sessions this week. Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz also remain absentees, providing new signing Gakpo with another opportunity to impress. The Dutchman may be the club’s only signing this month, arriving from the Eredivisie in a deal worth £37million following his eye-catching World Cup campaign with the Netherlands.