The Last of Us players knew the first season of HBO’s post-apocalyptic drama wouldn’t have been the same without introducing Bill (played by Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett) into Ellie's (Bella Ramsey) and Joel’s (Pedro Pascal) lives. However, it’s safe to say many were blindsided by how the TV series dealt with the duo’s stories as it diverted away from the video game narrative. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us on HBO. HBO viewers got to witness firsthand how Bill and Frank’s love story began amid the post-pandemic world as well as when they crossed paths with Joel and Ellie. Meeting in 2007, four years into this new way of life, Frank stumbled into one of Bill’s makeshift pits and the foundations for their romance were established. Despite being polar opposite personalities, over the years their bond grew and grew. However, they soon come to realise the world is too lost to live out the rest of their years happily, so they decide to end their lives on their own terms. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show In one of the biggest departures so far, Joel and Ellie stumble across their bodies when they go to borrow their car, rather than meeting Bill during gameplay. At the end of this portion of the game, they discover Frank had hanged himself, and some players may have also found a note confessing he “hated Bill’s guts”. Viewers have been divided by the change to the source material, though most agreed Bill and Frank’s story was even more effective as a tragic love story. Twitter user @the67impala said: “When Frank said that this was his last day, I was sobbing on the ground.” “They lived beautifully together, being protective and creative in harmony with each other in a crazy dark world.” @ReptarV2 added: “#TheLastOfUs Ep. 3 Was so beautifully made. The backstory of Bill and Frank was beautiful. “Compared to how it is in the game, I loved this version. The version of living a fulfilling life with someone you love and care for. Thank you for this.” “Bill and Frank’s love story was so pure…” @zanaduxx said. “The Notebook level romance.” DON'T MISS:Fire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonist [THEORY]Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor hints Daphne ‘missing’ in season 3 [LATEST]Extraordinary team ‘livid’ after nude scene mishap [EXCLUSIVE] “Bravo to #TheLastOfUs who turned a zombie show into the most beautiful and heart-wrenching love story,” they added with a crying emoji. Marita Suarez wrote: “I am sad now, but happy for Bill and Frank. #TheLastOfUs,” followed by a love heart emoji. Priyanshu Singh tweeted: “To Bill & Frank: I love you guys. “We (are) never gonna recover from this episode. One of the greatest episodes of television. Thank You @TheLastofUsHBO #TheLastOfUs.” Though @ScorpioOfficial was unhappy with the changes, arguing: “#TheLastOfUs This is the episode with the most changes so far. Guess they forgot it is a post-apocalyptic world. “No need to add romantic endings. Plus this is what happens when creators skip the collectables in the game. Frank left a note where he confessed that he always hated Bill." (sic) Despite some backlash from a small minority of fans, most viewers have agreed episode three has been the highlight of the show so far and one of the year’s first TV tear-jerkers. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.