Lorraine Kelly was accompanied by royal expert Russell Myers on her weekday morning show Lorraine, giving an update on the iconic family and all its drama. There have been reports there is a possibility King Charles III could do a "tell-all" style interview, ahead of his coronation and following the controversial release of his son Prince Harry's autobiography. As Russell provided a few more details surrounding the idea behind the interview, Lorraine clearly aired her own views on the matter. For years, the Royal Family has been at the heart of drama and controversy, thus why Netflix's The Crown is popular worldwide. Last year, the family lost Queen Elizabeth II just months after she had celebrated her Platinum Jubilee. There has also been the ongoing feud with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle with the prince most recently releasing a book giving intimate details into the dynamics of the royals and private feuds. In light of everything that has happened, there have been reports the former Prince of Wales could be up for an interview to give his perspective on becoming king as well as his family. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show Royal expert Russell explained: "This tell-all interview, as it's being labelled, would be quite explosive. "In the first instance, there definitely is an appetite for Charles to perhaps be interviewed, talk about his life plans, his legacy that he wants to shape out ahead of the coronation. "But of course, nobody could get away with not asking him about the scandal and the in-fighting with his own family. "There has been the Prince Andrew saga which has rumbled on for many years now and of course, the Harry and Meghan issues that have played out so spectacularly over the last few weeks especially so your guess is as good as mine." Russell went on to point out a likely candidate for interviewing the king would be journalist Jonathan Dimbleby. But whoever would conduct the interview, Lorraine wasn't happy with the idea of it going ahead at all. She said: "That would make sense because he [Dimbleby] wrote the book but can I just say, King Charles, if you're watching, I know you are, please don't. "Just don't. Don't do it. It could make things - if I was advising him, I would say please, please, please don't. No, take the high ground." DON'T MISS...Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [CAST]Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [HEALTH]Paul Burrell breaks silence on cancer diagnosis amid heartbreak [REACTION]  In Harry's newly-released book, he criticised his dad's parenting style, commenting on how he broke the news of his mum Princess Diana's death without any affection when he was young. He also labelled Queen Consort Camilla as "dangerous" and a "villain" over how she works with the British press. There have been various allegations of leaked private conversations to the media, abuse and silencing, none of which have been addressed by the King, Queen Consort or Prince William. According to a source, the interview would address a number of issues, including the King's youngest son's book and Netflix documentary.    They told The Mirror: “Plans are already up and running for coronation coverage at the BBC, including the profile on the monarch. “It is not the done thing to avoid subjects in interviews, so it makes matters tricky. “Even one small comment on Harry and Meghan would make worldwide news. "It could also prompt a response from Harry, which would be unpredictable, like so much. Everything is very delicate.”