Australian radio host Neil Mitchell has launched an astonishing attack on Novak Djokovic and wants the Serbian "deported again for being ungracious". Djokovic appeared to take a swipe at Alex de Minaur following his win over the Aussie in the fourth round of the Australian Open. Djokovic admitted after the match that he "really wanted to win in straight sets" before being asked about his relationship with De Minaur. Just 12 months ago, De Minaur was one of the players to speak out against the "circus" that surrounded Djokovic's attempts to play at the 2022 Australian Open. And the nine-time Australian Open champion seemingly retaliated to De Minaur by insisting he has "no relationship with De Minaur". He added: "He showed in 2022 what he thinks about me." Djokovic's comments have caused a stir among some Australians and 3AW host Mitchell slammed the tennis icon for being "ungracious" and added that his country should "deport him" for a second time. “(From) what I’ve been reading, Novak Djokovic can get nicked,” Mitchell said on 3AW on Tuesday.  “Novak Djokovic… I don’t really care about the tennis but I hope he doesn’t win. In Serbian he has given Alex de Minaur a real spray after the game because de Minaur had a bit of a go at him a year ago when he was banned and then deported. “And it was obvious Novak Djokovic bore a grudge and was determined to wipe him off the court, which he did. But then he was extremely ungracious in his victory and in a foreign tongue.  “So does he not think that will come back to Australia? It has come back to Australia.” He added with a laugh: “Should deport him again, deport him for being ungracious.” Djokovic opened up on his ordeal from being deported ahead of last year's Australian Open ahead of the 2023 tournament. He was handed a three-year ban from entering Australia at the time, but that was overturned in November. “I was really drawn into a storm in media worldwide that was related to anything to do with Covid and the vaccine,” he told 9News Melbourne. “All of a sudden I became the villain of the world which is obviously a terrible position to be in as an athlete.”