Lorraine Kelly clapped back at Prince Andrew's ex when she discussed the royal's notorious Newsnight interview on Tuesday's instalment of her ITV talk show. Lady Victoria Hervey admitted she believed Andrew should have said he regretted befriending paedophile Jeffrey Epstein but insisted "the rest of it actually isn't that bad". However, Lorraine felt the Duke of York expressed "no empathy" throughout the bombshell interview. Victoria explained to Lorraine: "[Andrew's] not media trained, you see, that is the problem." Lorraine clapped back: "Well, he's been doing that job for years so he should be by now!" Victoria insisted: "He's not though and he hasn't been media trained so that was a huge mistake." The Scottish broadcaster was not having any of it and added: "He doesn't have to be media trained to be empathetic with people who have gone through a terrible ordeal. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive "I mean there was no empathy there was no, 'I'm sorry to the victims of this man.' "There was no him saying, 'I can't believe I was friends with him.'" Victoria continued to defend Andrew, telling ITV viewers the royal is just a "very factual" person. "How he remembers things and says things, I think, is done in a more factual kind of way," the socialite said.  She added: "I agree with the way it came out and the delivery was not what people wanted to hear. "But actually when you replay that whole interview, which I have a couple of times, the bit where it is obviously bad is where he doesn't say he regrets knowing Jeffrey Epstein. "That was where he messed up, but I think the rest of it actually isn't that bad." DON'T MISS...Prince Andrew ‘forced by Palace' to pay settlement claims ex partner [CLAIMS]Ghislaine Maxwell made 'important' gesture about Prince Andrew [UPDATE]Charles told by expert support for Andrew's legal bid 'can't end well' [ROYAL NEWS] Andrew has always vehemently denied any sexual abuse allegations made against him. He faced an influx of criticism after paying a multimillion pound settlement to sexual abuse accuser Virginia Giuffre last year. It has been reported Andrew is to make a legal bid to overturn the out-of-court settlement he struck with Virginia. According to The Sun, the prince has consulted lawyers to consider whether an attempt to get her to retract her allegations is legally possible.  A source told the newspaper: “Andrew has always insisted he is innocent and finally wants to prove it in a US court. “He was pressured into settling the case to avoid overshadowing the Platinum Jubilee and has paid a heavy price, personally and professionally." Andrew has always denied Virginia's claims that Jeffrey introduced them in 2001 when she was 17 years old. Lorraine continues on weekdays from 9am on ITV and ITVX. 