The Government is stepping in with support to provide vital help to those who are struggling. However, sadly, this is being taken advantage of by unscrupulous fraudsters looking to target Britons and their hard-earned cash. Some people have received a message or cold call which asks them to apply or contact someone about the cost of living payment. However, the Government has confirmed this is a scam and should not be engaged with under any circumstances. The Department for Work and Pension (DWP) recently took to social media to issue a stark warning to Britons. It promised it would never ask people for personal details via text message or email. READ MORE: State pension triple lock to offer ‘little light’ amid high inflation The post read: “Watch out for scammers targeting people about #CostofLiving Payments. “If you are eligible you do not need to apply for the payment, you do not need to call us. “Payment to you is automatic, we will never ask for personal details by SMS or email.” People can expect to be paid automatically if they are eligible, in the same way they usually get their benefit or tax credits. DON'T MISS‘Quicker and easier’ method to save for retirement [ANALYSIS]‘Really good value’ option could help you boost state pension [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank warns Britons about British Gas fraud email [WARNING] The message does not specifically ask for money, however, it may redirect Britons to click on a link or share personal details. This could be enough to be used by scammers to commit identity fraud, or scam someone in a different way later down the line. The consequences of falling victim to a scam can be devastating, and as a result people are urged to remain on guard. Individuals should never rush into a decision, and should always read correspondence carefully. READ MORE: PIP: Full list of freebies and discounts available to save thousands If in any doubt, a person should delete the message they receive, and the Government states scam text messages can be sent to 7726. This reports the message as a suspicious one to a person’s mobile phone provider. When it comes to the real cost of living help, individuals could get up to three different types of payment depending on their circumstances on a particular date or during a particular time. These are: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea These payments are not taxable and Britons do not have to worry as they do not impact the benefits or tax credits they may already receive. The new cost of living payment windows are yet to be decided for the coming tax year, however, broadly, they will be as follows: Commenting on the support, work and pensions secretary Mel Stride, said: “We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable and these payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes.”