Painting is a great way to give any room in the home an uplift, whether adding a pop of colour into the home or sticking with a neutral theme. While it may seem simple, there are “essential” tips to make the job less stressful as well as ensure the finish is as best as it can be. Michael Rolland, interiors expert and MD of The Paint Shed, has shared some hacks to follow when painting. The expert explained: “Completing DIY tasks in January means that you want any work you put in to last the year if not longer. It’s a common misconception that trade paint is exclusively for those in the professional decorating industry, when in reality anyone can purchase trade paint and your finished result will thank you for it too. “Trade paint will last longer meaning you won’t have to repaint every few months, which over a period of time will save you a lot of time and money. The Paint Shed has a wide range of affordable trade paint available coming in all sorts of colours.” This may seem obvious, but making sure the surface you are working on is printing will make for both a “smooth finish” and “application". Use a damp cloth over the wall or a sugar soap in areas which have been exposed to grease. The expert said to check hidden areas too such as behind the radiators to keep the paintwork as clean as possible. READ MORE: ‘Rule of thumb’ to follow when filling your washing machine Before starting to paint, make sure to wash all the brushes you are going to use. This will help to remove any loose bristles which could ruin the finish should they stick to the surface. The paint pro recommended washing them in a mixture of diluted washing up liquid and fabric softener to keep them nice and soft. Brand new rollers, if using them to paint your room, can be fluffy which can transfer onto the surface you are painting. To avoid this from happening, use packing tape to remove the fluff prior to painting. Michael explained: “A general rule to remember when it comes to painting any room, is to paint in the correct order. You should always start at the top and work your way down. This means ceilings before walls and walls come before skirting boards. DON'T MISS:Six garden flowers to plant now for a ‘fruitful’ spring [INSIGHT]Pruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [COMMENT]Time of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper [EXPLAINER] “Start by mixing your paint and then on a ladder cut in along the ceiling with a brush. Then using a roller attached to an extension pole you can paint the rest of the ceiling. Repeat this process when painting the walls, use a brush for edges then a roller before working your way down. “Keep a clean damp cloth handy to remove any mistakes quickly, if a drop of paint is heading for the floor over the woodwork you can quickly wipe it away before it dries.” When it comes to removing the tape around the walls and ceiling, make sure to remove it when the walls are still damp. The expert said this will give you a “clean and professional finish”. He added: “There is nothing worse than working for a clean finish only to pull up the tape and see chunks of your hard work go with it. Do not wait until the paint is completely dry to remove the tape. Just be careful removing the tape, since there will be wet paint on it.” READ MORE: 'Cheap' but 'effective' household item to clean your entire bathroom If you are finding the tape hard to remove, especially if it has been left on for too long, Michael recommended a hack which will be a “lifesaver”. It involves grabbing a hairdryer and gently blowing hot air onto the tape to make it easier to remove. Make sure to pull the tape up carefully, removing it at a 45 degree angle. The paint pro continued: “You might not realise it but lighting can have a huge effect on the look of paint therefore you should avoid painting interior surfaces in dim light. The painted surface may look fine at first, but when you uncover the windows or turn on bright lights you’ll likely see thin patches and other imperfections. “You should always assess the paint in natural daylight and when it is dry before calling it a job well done. Daylight will expose the need for another coat or any missed sections.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Michael added: “Exterior painting projects should not be carried out in direct sunlight. This will cause the paint to dry too quickly which means that lap marks, drips and imperfections are impossible to avoid. “Make sure you chase the shade, know roughly where the sun is going to be throughout the day, remember it rises in the east and sets in the west. If your garden is a sun trap then make sure to start painting early in the morning and later in the afternoon/early evening when the sun isn’t at its highest.” If you are painting masonry on the outside of your home, Michael shared a particularly useful tip to follow. He said: “There is no way that even the fittest among us will want to be climbing up and down a ladder after each stroke and in the interest of safety, holding the paint can handle in one and the brush in the other is not the most sensible idea.” Instead, buy some ladder hooks, there are specific ones for this job, which can be hooked onto the ladder and the paint can be off of them. It leaves one hand free to hold onto the ladder and prevents falls.