A new NBA attendance record will be set on Friday as San Antonio Spurs take on Golden State Warriors, surpassing the previous mark set back in 1998. Unsurprisingly, that record was hit as thousands poured in to watch Michael Jordan, and his Chicago Bulls side. San Antonio, Texas, will set a new NBA record as they welcome 63,592 fans on Friday. Spurs will take on the defending NBA Champions at Alamodome, with workers installing seats to facilitate the occasion. Both teams are not in the greatest form, but the prospect of seeing an game is too much of an opportunity to pass up for many. The Warriors are 20-21 as they continue their shaky title defence, but attending fans will be happy to see Stephen Curry now back from injury. Spurs are at the wrong end of the Western Conference, with a record of 13-29. It's been 25 years since an attendance of this magnitude has been recorded in the NBA, and this tally will beat the number that turned up to see Jordan in action. 62,046 fans attended the Georgia Dome on March 27, 1998. The Bulls were the two-time defending NBA Champions back then and won the game 89–74. The Bulls won the title again that year, as Jordan successfully managed two seperate 'three-peats' in his amazing career. Jordan has since been acknowledged for his achievements by the NBA, as the official MVP trophy has been renamed after the star. The Michael Jordan Trophy will now be handed out at the end of the season to the most valuable player in the NBA. It's an award that Jordan won five times himself, as he is considered one of the greatest of all-time. LeBron James is one of the other main candidates among the debate, but hasn't quite achieved the same success as Jordan. James trails Jordan by two NBA Championships, and has four MVP awards as opposed to his five. However, if the Los Angeles Lakers facilitated a similar change in attendance potential, it's likely his draw could see the record broken again. It doesn't look like James will claim back another NBA title this season, as there are perhaps too many issues within the Lakers camp. Time is running out for James, who recently turned 38.