The state pension age is rising, and according to reports, these increases may be accelerated. It is currently 66 and planned rises to 67 and 68 have already been laid out, however, these could arrive at a faster pace, with The Sun reporting a rise to 68 by 2035 is being considered. Despite a rising state pension age, many Britons are planning to continue to work beyond this point. Reasons for this are varied, however, one expert suggested some people may feel backed into a corner over the issue. Ray Black, managing director and chartered financial planner at Money Minder, said: “The rising cost of living has meant that some seniors have decided to adapt their way of living to afford the increase in bills. “Potentially, they are still working in order to fund a more rewarding retirement lifestyle. READ MORE: State pension age hike could lose Britons £16,902 “That means for many, even though they have reached state pension age, retirement may not be an option. “Or some have retired, drawn their pension and then decided to return to work.” High inflation is causing financial challenges for millions, but for older Britons on a limited income, circumstances can be particularly difficult. This has been compounded by low interest rates which have left savings languishing and lagging far behind inflation. DON'T MISSState pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned [LATEST]State pension age set to rise - how it compares across the world [INSIGHT]State pension age hike ‘will make Tories opposition’ [UPDATE] It means in real terms, people are losing out and many may find it difficult to manage their money. Mr Black continued: “For some seniors that have been working and saving for retirement for decades, having to stay at work or re-entering the workforce will be a bitter blow. “Having delivered retirement and investment planning workshops to NHS staff for around 20 years, we have seen the ‘retire and return’ option become more and more popular. “In my experience, semi-retirement as opposed to full retirement has become much more appealing in the 60 to 66 plus age group over the last few years in all industries.” READ MORE: State pension petition for payment rise due Government response However, not all older people will be returning to work due to financial challenges. Some may simply wish to keep busy in later life, and work could be a good way to do so. Others may wish to supplement their pension income through part-time or flexible work which they can build around their existing schedule. This extra cash could go towards funding holidays and trips abroad, for instance Side hustles in retirement continue to be popular for those turning hobbies into money-making endeavours. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea One retired woman told Express.co.uk she earns £1,000 per month with a side hustle to pay for “little treats”. Another said she was using her electrical engineering background to make some extra money. Regardless of the decisions a person makes about working past the state pension age, understanding one’s income is key, the expert stressed. Mr Black added: “Now is the time to make sure you’re aware of all of your retirement income and investment planning options. Knowing how much your pension income will be and what to do with your savings in a high inflation period to fund your retirement is important." A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. “The review will be published in early 2023.”