Qatari investors have emerged as potential frontrunners to buy Liverpool from Fenway Sports Group in the coming months and with the possible change of ownership comes the prospect of the huge spending spree Jurgen Klopp has been crying out for. The Reds' current owners have been exploring investment opportunities as well as an outright sale with the need for continuous investment evidently clear and the Middle East appears to be the most likely option, with a £3billion takeover mooted according to reports. Klopp has often bemoaned how rivals such as Chelsea and Manchester City are able to spend their way out of trouble and, while Liverpool have signed £85million striker Darwin Nunez and £50m Cody Gakpo in 2022-23, their inability to afford a marquee signing to revitalise their midfield has become an issue for the Reds. Their need for a fresh overhaul of the squad has never been more clear after Klopp's side were outclassed 3-0 by Brighton on Saturday, forcing the German to concede that transfers may be required to put the Merseyside giants back into top-four contention. Armed with mega-rich Qatari investors' cash, Klopp may be able to assemble a team of superstars for next season to bridge the gap to the likes of City and Chelsea. Express Sport looks at how they could line up if the multi-billion takeover goes through before the summer... READ MORE: Liverpool owners FSG could get 'two takeover offers' to rival Qatar Alisson Becker The Brazilian has saved Liverpool from embarrassing scorelines on a number of occasions this season and, even if his clean sheet record has taken a hit this season - the Reds have conceded in eight successive games - there is no doubt the 29-year-old will be their number one stopper for years to come. Trent Alexander-Arnold The 23-year-old can rest easy knowing the right-back spot is his to keep, at least until Calvin Ramsay gets up to speed at Anfield after injury hampered the young Scot's opening months on Merseyside. Alexander-Arnold's position is not thought to be under threat despite Liverpool's defensive woes, but for players such as Joe Gomez, any potential clear-out could see him included. DON'T MISSLiverpool board's four options to replace Klopp amid Anfield crisisLiverpool boss Klopp 'very concerned' after Brighton lossLiverpool boss Klopp has huge problem with three stars after Brighton Ibrahima Konate Liverpool can concentrate on other areas to spend after paying £35m to sign Konate from RB Leipzig in 2021. The Frenchman has proved to be a hit signing for the Reds when fit and looks equipped to fill Joel Matip's shoes as Virgil van Dijk's defensive partner. Antonio Silva Even at the age of 32, Virgil van Dijk remains a valuable first-team member and the Dutchman's speciality is reading the game to fit his own, so he should adapt to losing a few yards of pace. But if he doesn't, Liverpool have been linked with a move for Portugal international Silva as a £50m long-term replacement. Andy Robertson Klopp's decision to rotate between Robertson and Kostas Tsimikas appears to be fitness-related, rather than indicating that he no longer rates the Scot in the same category as he did previously. The tireless full-back is still only 28 and is firmly in the midst of his peak years, so Liverpool won't need to strengthen there for a while yet. Jude Bellingham There is not another footballer in the game more highly-coveted than Bellingham as the Borussia Dortmund star prepares to decide on his future this summer ahead of a mooted £130m transfer. The only issue that could prevent him from sealing a move to Liverpool is the financial aspect, so if they can sort their takeover before the end of the season, the 19-year-could be wearing red in 2023-24. Ruben Neves Klopp's pressing need for a central midfielder could not be more urgent after watching his side get overrun by Brighton. At the top of their immediate agenda is Wolves star Neves, who could be available for around £43m this January as the Premier League club look to cash in on a player who has 18 months left on his contract. Sofyan Amrabat After a stunning World Cup display, few could blame Fiorentina for demanding £50m for their prized asset Amrabat after helping guide Morocco to the semi-finals and Liverpooi may be willing to pay for the 26-year-old. The all-action, tough-tackling midfielder would relish a move to a top club and, with the limitlesswealth of their prospective new owners, such a fee would be a drop in the ocean. Mohamed Salah With Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota still out injured, Liverpool know they can rely on their talisman to stay fit in the side and deliver in front of goal, even if the Egyptian star's standards have slipped ever so slightly. And with a £350,000-a-week contract running to 2025, Salah is going nowhere anytime to soon. Kylian Mbappe It would take an enormous financial effort to lure Mbappe from PSG and frankly, only the PSG's owners, Qatari Sports Investment, are rich enough to actually meet his demands. According to widespread reports, Mbappe signed a three-year contract worth £250m to make him the highest-paid player in Europe. It is difficult to imagine Liverpool offering a similar wage, but their potential new owners would be keen to land a star of his reputation. If not, Darwin Nunez certainly fits the long-term profile. Cody Gakpo The Dutchman has only recently arrived in the Premier League after signing from PSV Eindhoven in a £50m deal and will compete with Diaz for the left forward position when the Colombian returns from injury. At the age of just 23, Liverpool can envision several years with one of the best attacking lines in Europe - especially if they get Mbappe too.