On The Ramsey Show - Highlight YouTube channel, he discussed with viewers his “secret” to building wealth. The way people use their hard-earned money is going to determine whether they become rich or at least financially secure. The American finance personality conducted some research into 100 millionaires to collect data about how they became rich. He explained people who end up being millionaires are the ones who steadily invest. Mr Ramsey said: “The irony is a lot of millionaires we studied were not expert investors who maximised rates of return. More times they had decent mutual funds they were invested in. “Majority of them could have done better with their mutual fund selection yet they still became millionaires. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance: Rishi Sunak urged to give unpaid carers extra £500 to help with bills “The secret to wealth is to invest, invest, don’t stop investing. It’s that simple guys so you have to be steady with this.” To build financial habits for 2023, people need to be intentional and specific about their goals. “It is important to set goals and try to stick to it,” he explained. Mr Ramsey suggested five actions which can help people build wealth. BudgetHe said: “You need a written plan. No one accidentally wins at anything.You need a written game plan with money or you will lose. Do this or you will lose” READ MORE: Nationwide is offering savers 5% interest on fixed account and £200 free cash [INSIGHT] "Your income is your greatest wealth-building tool," he has repeatedly said. When people get out of debt, they are able to use their money for them. He suggested when getting out of debt, people need to pause all other money goals first and priorities this. To get out of debt, people need to review their spending and make a tight budget to see where they can save some money to pay things off he suggested. If someone feels like they do not make enough money, they need to find ways to make more. “You’re only stagnant with wages if you continue to stay there and keep getting those wages,” he said. People can do this by investing into mutual funds that out perform the stock market. He said: “Don’t be stagnant, save money and invest it. There is money in the budget, it’s called margin.” Mr Ramsey believes if someone can use their income wisely by investing 15 percent of it, they can build the financial security they deserve and perhaps even become a millionaire one day. He concluded: “There's no secret trick or magic formula when it comes to investing, if you invest every month, it will add up. In fact, about 80 percent of millionaires consistently invested in their employer-sponsored retirement plans.”