Chelsea have reportedly turned to Moises Caicedo as their new midfield transfer priority, with a bid being lined up for the Brighton youngster. The Blues have already tried to sign Enzo Fernandez this month, but with the move running into complications, Todd Boehly and co look to be hedging their bets. Caicedo's stock has skyrocketed since breaking through with Brighton this season. The 21-year-old was signed from Ecuadorian side Independiente del Valle in 2020 and spent the first two years on the peripheries with the Seagulls before earning his spot in the side late last campaign. This term he has notched one goal and one assist from 16 Premier League starts, but his energetic performances in central midfield are what has sparked interest from the likes of Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United. According to The Guardian, Chelsea are keen to strike first and a move for Caicedo is being 'lined up' before the end of the month. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd medical booked, Wout Weghorst anger The youngster has become top priority for the west London outfit despite Fernandez, Declan Rice, Jude Bellingham and Alexis Mac Allister making up their alleged shortlist. Aside from Caicedo, all other deals come with difficulties that may prevent manager Graham Potter from getting reinforcements in January. Chelsea have already held talks for Fernandez but Benfica insist on the entirety of his mammoth £107million release clause being paid upfront. The Blues reportedly wanted to stagger the payments after a world-record blowout during the summer was followed by more big-money arrivals since the turn of the year. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan Utd agree Wout Weghorst deal with Besiktas in transfer breakthrough for Erik ten Hag Rice and Bellingham are two of the most sought-after midfielders on the market but neither West Ham nor Borussia Dortmund would be prepared to let their star men go during the winter window, even if it is anticipated that both will take on new challenges at some point during the summer. Mac Allister, who shares a dressing room with Caicedo at Brighton, was hugely impressive at the World Cup but Chelsea supposedly feel as though the latter is a more realistic transfer target in the short term. The Argentina international claims to be in 'no rush' to decide his future and he has just signed a new contract with the Seagulls.  Brighton are thought to want £65m for Caicedo, which would land them with a huge profit on the meagre £4.5m they shelled out just two years ago. The club have made a name for themselves as efficient operators in the transfer market, and they made a similarly massive mark-up by selling Marc Cucurella to Chelsea during the summer. A host of high-profile Seagulls figures have swapped the Amex Stadium for Stamford Bridge in recent months including Potter, Cucurella and player recruitment specialists Kyle Macaulay and Paul Winstanley.