Joanna Gosling, 51, has now confirmed she is leaving the BBC and will go off air for the last time on January 26. She decided to take voluntary redundancy along with colleagues David Eades and Tim Willcox amid the BBC's plans to merge its international and UK news channels.  Taking on Twitter, she said: "You may have already heard, but I wanted to confirm, that I have decided to leave the BBC and will go off air on the 26th January. "I am very grateful for the kind messages I’ve had from so many of you. I’m proud of my career in news." Her followers took to the comments to show their appreciation for her years of service to the BBC. BBC Sports News presenter James Pearce said: "Joanna, you should be so proud. I was always happy to discover it was going to be you asking me questions. READ MORE: BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' "Intelligence, charisma, and also a touch of humour when appropriate. Good luck with whatever comes next." BBC 5 Live star Scott Bryan said: "Will miss you Joanna, like many other viewers. Well done at a great run." Emily Maitlis responded: "You have so much to be proud of Joanna. And you will flourish with whatever comes next. Xx" Martin Lewis said: "Best of luck wherever pastures take you. There is life outside the beeb (my last day as staff there was 31 Dec 1999)" Her colleague Eades has presented his final show already, with Willcox's exit date yet to come to light. The trio decided against taking part in the recruitment process for a new team of six lead presenters on the proposed new channel. The channel will combine the UK 24-hour news service and BBC World News. One source told Deadline: “People are incandescent. It’s humiliating — you feel like you’re 21 again and applying for your first job on the BBC.” DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [DISCUSSION] BBC F1 reporter Jennie Gow suffers 'serious stroke' [INSIGHT] Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [VIDEO] It is believed 15 presenters are interviewing for six positions for the merger, taking part in screen tests. Another source said the screen tests will "help level the playing field" for those applying and recruiting. They stressed it was important all presenters are judged equally throughout the process. Decisions on who has landed the roles will be made over the next few weeks.  Those who land presenting roles will expect a significant salary increase, earning up to £230,000 ($278,000) a year. The merged channel should go live in April 2023 as part of plans to cut costs and cater to an increasingly digital audience. Gosling joined the UK BBC News channel in 1999 and is one of the station’s most recognised faces. The journalist and author previously worked for Independent Local Radio, Central Television in the Midlands and Sky News. 