Cristiano Ronaldo has been criticised by Manchester United staff members ahead of Saturday’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. The Portugal international left the club by mutual consent back in November after a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. He’s since moved to Saudi Arabia, joining Al-Sadd, having previously hoped to receive an offer from a top European side. Ronaldo was a key player for United last season, scoring 24 goals across all competitions amid a shambolic campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet he regressed prior to his departure, finding the net just three times - with a mere one of those goals coming in the Premier League. Now, according to Sky Sports, Ronaldo had coveted more power than both of his managers last term. It’s also said the Red Devils hierarchy were ‘at his whim’ and that every department, stretching from the medical to media personnel, was forced to fall in line. One staff member said they were there ‘to serve Cristiano’, who often got his way. A colleague who worked with Rangnick at United also hit out at Ronaldo for making himself unavailable for their 4-1 defeat to City back in March. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big He had been informed he would be left on the bench for the match at the Etihad, much to his dismay. And Ronaldo then decided to jet off to Portugal, with United covering for the veteran by saying he was ‘injured’. The staff member said: "You had a player diagnosing himself, ruling himself out, leaving the club with no form of rehab plan without any permission. "Instead of any punishment, he was excused and there were excuses for him. “It showed the rest of the players that Ronaldo was above any rules and that he was the one in control." It is a different story at United these days, however, with Erik ten Hag bringing much-needed order to Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see The Dutchman’s reign started badly, with dire defeats to the likes of Brighton and Brentford. United were also thumped 6-3 by City at the start of October, with the Red Devils outplayed and outfought by their opponents. But they’ve since bounced back and are now confident of bringing success back to the club after years of toiling. United are fourth in the league table and can go one point behind City if they’re able to reign supreme in Saturday’s derby. They’re through to the Carabao Cup semi-finals, where they’ll face Nottingham Forest, with Reading up next in the FA Cup. And the Red Devils also remain in contention to win the Europa League, too, having made the last 16 of that competition. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former United star Rio Ferdinand, meanwhile, has been delighted with the form of his old side. But he still thinks it’s too early to judge the Red Devils and whether they’re good enough to last the course. "I think it's too early to say,” he said. "We've been here with previous managers when it looks like we are onto something. “We've got to be patient and give the man time. I think all the signs are very positive at the moment. “He's come in and seen what is happening, assessed how things are, looked at individuals and looked at the shape of the team. "These were a bunch of players that were quite low. They were shot to pieces and he's had to build, not only footballers, but men back up again. He's had to build a lot of human beings back up and that takes time. "The fact he's now talking about qualifying for the Champions League so positively, he can sense a confidence coming back into this team. “There's a consistency of performance from the team that wasn’t there before and the signals and signs are all very promising. "But they're still not where they want to be. City are way ahead of where United are. “The distance is a bit closer, but it's still not anywhere near where we want it to be. There's still work to be done."