Tottenham have reportedly joined Chelsea in the race for Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford as Antonio Conte seeks a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman has been the first choice at Tottenham for the past decade but at 36 years old his best days are behind him with Graeme Souness arguing he is ‘past his sell by date’. Pickford has been one of the players to come out of Everton’s poor season in the Premier League with any kind of credit after his performances and saves regularly keeping his side in games. His current contract runs out in the summer of 2024 and the Toffees may feel the need to sell in the next six months to avoid losing him for nothing when his deal expires. Chelsea are said to be one of the clubs to have noticed this situation with Graham Potter believed to be keen on making the England international his new No 1. Now, Tottenham look to have joined the race with the Mirror reporting that the club believe he could be vulnerable to a summer approach and look to have grasped the advantage from the Blues. However, the move could hinge on whether or not the 28-year-old signs a new deal at Goodison Park. Everton have offered the player a new five-year contract but he is yet to accept it as he weighs up his future options. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Lloris has been a magnificent servant to the north London club making 439 appearances since joining from Lyon in 2012 and has captained the side since 2015. However, he is starting to show signs that his best days could be behind him with mistakes increasingly creeping into his game. The 36-year-old has made more errors leading to goals than anyone else in the Premier League this season with three. His performances have not gone unnoticed by players and pundits alike with Souness among his most scathing critics. The Scotsman, who was speaking after Lloris’ error directly lead to Emi Buendia’s opener in Tottenham 2-0 defeat to Aston Villa last week, suggested he was ‘past his sell-by date’.  “I’m not a big fan of Lloris, I’ve said it for a long time,” he told Sky Sports. “I think since the start of last season he’s made four errors that have led to goals, that’s the worst record in the Premier League for goalkeepers. For me he’s past his sell-by date.” Pickford would hence come in as a long-term replacement for the long-serving goalkeeper and could be first choice between the sticks for at least the next five years. It remains to seen whether or not Spurs solidify their interest in the ‘keeper but it is becoming increasingly clear that they may soon need to replace Lloris with a younger option.