The Prime Minister said the £2 billion of funding is being spread fairly across the regions after opponents claimed it was skewed towards affluent Conservative areas. More money will be spent per person in northern England and two thirds of the cash is going to the most deprived parts of the country, he insisted. During a speech in Morecambe, the Prime Minister said: “It’s not just talk, it’s about action.” Critics claimed levelling-up cash is being used as a sweetener for Tory heartlands and accused Mr Sunak of “pork-barrel politics”. The PM dismissed the claim and said northern England had “disproportionately” benefited from the latest round of funding. He added: “We are completely committed to levelling up across the United Kingdom. “If you look at how we are spending this money it is disproportionately benefiting people in the North East, the North West, and that’s great.” He denied the funding allocations were motivated by an attempt to shore up support in southern Tory seats. “I think around half the funding we have announced over the course of today, or both funds, has actually gone to places that are not controlled by Conservative MPs or councils,” he said. Mr Sunak said he wants to create a country where “no one feels they have to leave home to fulfil their dreams”. “I don’t want you to have to move away,” he told the PM Connect event. “If you want to, that’s fine, but you shouldn’t have to. “For too long people felt they had to, particularly if they didn’t live in London and the south, and I don’t want that to be the case. That’s why these projects are really important, that we are announcing today.” Mr Sunak defended sending £19 million from the fund to rejuvenate a high street in his constituency. The Prime Minister insisted money for the military town of Catterick Garrison in his North Yorkshire seat would benefit army personnel by improving the town centre. “That’s home to our largest army base and it’s home to actually thousands of serving personnel who are often away from their own families serving our country,” he said. “It’s important that they have access to a town centre providing the amenities they need – that’s what that funding is going to deliver. “I’m really grateful to all our armed forces personnel for the incredible job that they do and I’m delighted that this investment will support them.” The £19,008,679 going to Catterick Garrison will fund routes for walking and cycling, a new town square, a community facility for businesses and a community kitchen. Andy Street, the Conservative mayor of the West Midlands, said the levelling-up allocations showed the Government’s “bidding and begging-bowl culture is broken” after most of the region’s bids were rejected. He added: “The centralised system of London civil servants making local decisions is flawed, and I cannot understand why the levelling up funding money was not devolved for local decision-makers to decide on what’s best for their areas.” Mr Sunak, travelled by plane from London as he made a number of stops to visit areas, receiving levelling-up cash, including Accrington and Darlington. The Prime Minister made the trip as he faced renewed pressure from senior Tories and leading business figures to cut taxes and reduce red tape to help kickstart the economy. But he told the audience in Morecambe they would understand why he cannot cut tax immediately because they are “not idiots”. “When I was Chancellor I also really preferred it when the Prime Minister didn’t comment on tax policy,” he said. “I’m a Conservative, I want to cut your taxes … I wish I could do that tomorrow, quite frankly, but the reason we can’t is because of all the reasons you know. You’re not idiots, you know what’s happened.” He said the pandemic and the war in Ukraine had left the public finances “not where it needs to be”. Mr Sunak added “it takes a bit of work to get there” but he vowed to make the economy stronger so the NHS and schools can be funded, secure lower interest rates and get a “grip of” inflation. “Trust me, that’s what I’m going to do for you this year, that’s what we’re going to do while I’m Prime Minister and if we do those things we will be able to cut your taxes,” he said. Brexiteer businessman Sir James Dyson raised concerns about the direction the government’s approach to the economy. He said “growth has become a dirty word and an idea too risky to contemplate”, which helped to explain why the economy is “in the doldrums”. The entrepreneur said the private sector is often “being handicapped” through ever higher tax bills. Sir James added working from home has “badly damaged the country’s work ethic.” Chancellor Jeremy Hunt joined Mr Sunak in Accrington, which received £20m to regenerate its town centre. A number of other Cabinet ministers also visited towns and cities across the country that will benefit from the fund. Culture Secretary Michelle Donelan visited Derby’s Assemble Learning Theatre, which also received £20 million. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove joined Morecambe’s MP David Morris in the town where they both replicated comedian’s Eric Morecambe’s jaunty pose next to his statue. Transport Secretary Mark Harper, meanwhile, headed to Cardiff to discuss rail links.