Manchester United icon Gary Neville went in on Tottenham during their 2-0 defeat to Arsenal in the north London derby on Sunday. The result leaves the Gunners nine points clear at the top of the table after Hugo Lloris’ own goal and Martin Odegaard’s strike, as Neville called out the hosts for their first-half performance. Bukayo Saka’s cross deflected off Ryan Sessegnon and found its way past Lloris in the Spurs goal, before Odegaard picked the ball up off Saka and fired a 20-yard effort past the French goalkeeper to double his side’s advantage. A disappointing first 45 minutes for Antonio Conte’s side saw Neville, on commentary, blast their performances and he insisted they were “playing like little boys” against their local rivals. “It’s absolutely brilliant from Arsenal,” Neville told Sky Sports as Odegaard’s effort went past Lloris. “Spurs don’t win the first ball, they don’t win the second ball, he pops it around the corner to Saka who is in acres of space, which is unforgivable with the back five, but once it comes into Odegaard, he had a sighter earlier in the half, but this time he wasn’t going to make the mistake. It’s a wonderful finish and no more than Arsenal deserve. Spurs are playing like little boys out there, and Arsenal look the real deal. Lloris nowhere near it. Brilliant from the captain. "There was a feeling brewing that it would be a massive result for Spurs to get in at 1-0, I think it would be a result for them to get in at 2-0 and still give them some type of chance, Conte some type of chance, to have a word at half-time and get them going. They’re well short in this game so far, the home team.” Neville similarly was unimpressed with Lloris for his role in the opening goal, which went down as an own goal. “There’s no doubt Arsenal have been the better side,” Neville added on commentary. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move “They just get in down this side, little spin, lovely little run from Saka. [Cristian] Romero in the middle is playing him onside, and then Sessegnon is intent on showing him onto his right foot and he does, and he takes that opportunity. “There’s a little deflection there I think off Sessegnon which I still think they’ve got to do better at that near post. Watching it here as he kicks it with his right foot I’m pretty certain there’s a deflection and Lloris, that’s just so poor. "He started shakily with his feet, Lloris, and he’s followed it on with his hands. Some may say there’s a deflection there that potentially causes him more of a problem, but he has to deal with that. It’s not good enough.”