NBA superstar Luka Doncic has continued to press his case to win MVP this season after leading the Dallas Mavericks to a win over the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday night. The Slovenian has become a phenomenon amid a current run of offensive brilliance that has never been seen before in NBA history. Doncic is experiencing a tremendously productive season. The 23-year-old is largely credited with single-handedly carrying the Mavericks to a 24-19 record and his performance against the Lakers was no different. LeBron James put up 24 points but Doncic was on a different level as he fired Dallas to a 119-115 win in overtime. Doncic recorded a triple-double with 34 points, 14 rebounds and 13 assists in 53 minutes played while he hit the game-tying three over Lakers guard Dennis Schroder to take the contest to overtime. The performance means Doncic has a unique place in history. He is the first player since Michael Jordan to average 40 points over the span of 10 successive games at the age of 23 or younger. READ MORE: Liverpool to link up with LeBron James on new shirt as images leaked However, Doncic has also become the first player in NBA history to average at least 40 points, 10 rebounds and 8 assists in 10 consecutive games. In all of the league’s illustrious 76-year history, no player has ever gone on the run Doncic is currently enjoying. Across the 10-game stretch, Doncic averaged 40.2 points, 11.2 rebounds and 9.2 assists. Simply put, the Slovenian is putting up video game numbers on a nightly basis to put him firmly at the forefront of the MVP conversation. Of course, his remarkable game against New York Knicks (60 points, 21 rebounds, 10 assists) boosts such numbers but Doncic’s incredible form can be best showcased by the fact many claimed the Boston Celtics managed to stop him when they faced off. The Celtics ensured they snapped Doncic’s run of six-straight 30-point games, but he still scored 23 points with nine rebounds and three assists. DON'T MISSMiami Heat head coach speaks out after NBA star throws massage gunKyrgios joins NBA icons to buy basketball side with talks 'advanced'NBA star James Harden compared to Magic Johnson due to key attribute The MVP award has been dominated by European players recently, with Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic the current back-to-back winner of the award while dominant Milwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo won the previous two. The duo are in the mix for the hardware again, along with the likes of Joel Embiid, Kevin Durant, Jayson Tatum, James and Doncic. Doncic will surely be a leading contender to win his maiden MVP come the end of the season, provided he can continue leading the Mavericks as they sit fourth in the Western Conference. Dallas face the Portland Trail Blazers in their next contest on Saturday night.