Critics say trans women have natural physical advantages such as strength and speed and that makes it unfair for them to compete against natural born women. Female Olympians have warned that a generation of girls could miss out on medals because of “ludicrous” transgender policies. The controversy about those who live as women and want to take part in female sporting competitions has grown over the last 12 months. Michelle Donelan, the Culture Secretary, has called senior executives from major national sports governing bodies in for a meeting in Whitehall to discuss the issue. She is expected to warn that elite and competitive women’s sport “must be reserved for people born of the female sex”. A source said: “Many elite athletes will train and make sacrifices for years to have a fair opportunity at competing for honours, and Michelle wants to ensure they continue to have that. “She understands that this is an emotionally charged and sensitive subject. But in a sporting context, this issue is underpinned by scientific evidence. She has a plan to tackle it – not only for athletes, but event organisers, fans, and the future integrity of domestic and international sport.” National and international governing bodies have been carrying out research to establish the impact of athletes’ sex at birth and gender reassignment on sporting performance. Last month, the International Olympic Committee published a position statement that made clear that fairness and scientific evidence should be taken into account by international federations when devising eligibility criteria for who can participate. It also acknowledged that the male hormone testosterone “may be an important factor shaping performance in elite athletes in certain sports”. Sports chiefs are also grappling with how to include trans women who wish to play in female categories and many are reviewing their existing policies. British Triathalon has introduced a policy to ban transgender women from female competitions even if they have not gone through male puberty. British Cycling suspended its current transgender policy last April, pending a full review. And England Volleyball made it clear that no transgender women can compete in a female event.