The Light in the Hall was shown for the first time in Wales on Channel 4's S4C and now it is arriving on the English sister channel eight months later. Starring some familiar faces and an intriguing plot, the drama is bound to be a hit with viewers. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about The Light in the Hall. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Light in the Hall. The Light in the Hall is going to premiere on Wednesday, January 4, at 9pm on Channel 4. The Welsh thriller consists of six episodes in total with the first coming out on January 4 and the second on Thursday, January 5. Two episodes are going to be airing weekly on Channel 4 with the grand finale coming out on Thursday, January 19. But there is an alternative if you can't wait to find out how the series plays out. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Once the first episode airs, The Light in the Hall is going to be ready to watch on the channel's streaming service All4. So viewers will be able to binge-watch the entire box set whenever they choose to. The drama comes from the team behind fellow bilingual Welsh drama Keeping Faith which was shown on BBC One. Going by the show's premise, it's going to be a gripping watch for viewers after it proved to be a success in Wales last year. The thriller is about journalist Cat (played by Alexandra Roach) who becomes obsessed with the murder of teenager Ela Roberts who she used to be friends with. They parted ways, however, when Ela was ostracised from their group at school over a silly squabble. Gardener Joe Pritchard (Iwan Rheon) was sent to prison after confessing to Ela's murder when the police found her DNA in his caravan. He is up for parole but has refused to reveal why he killed Ela and what he did with her body. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [EXPLAINER]Outlander's Sam Heughan admits 'worst thing' about season 7 filming [FILMING]John Stonehouse star addresses 'ridiculous' transformation [CAST] Elsewhere, Ela's mum Sharon (Joanna Scanlan) is still searching for answers as she continues to grieve her daughter's murder years later. With Joe returning to the town, Sharon and journalist Cat have an opportunity to finally find out what happened to Ela. Sadly, during their search, they both must also come to terms with their roles in her death. There are a number of well-known stars who fans will recognise in the thriller. Cat is portrayed by actress Alexandra Roach who was Rhian in Killing Eve and young Margaret Thatcher in the Meryl Streep movie The Iron Lady. El's mum Sharon is actress Joanna Scanlan who is currently behind Ma Larkin in ITV period drama The Larkins. Whereas Game of Thrones' Ramsay Bolton star Iwan Rheon portrays gardener Joe. The Light in the Hall premieres on Wednesday, January 4, at 9pm on Channel 4.