Jeremy Renner, 51, updated fans from his hospital bed in an Instagram post shared with his 19.3 million followers. The Marvel star posed surrounded by the ICU team that has been ensuring he makes a speedy recovery after his horror snow plough accident on January 1. Uploading the snap to his Story, Jeremy wrote: “Thank you Renowned Medical ICU team for beginning this journey.” The latest insight comes after Jeremy’s sister Kym spoke to US radio channel CBS13 on Tuesday about his progress. She said: “If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn't mess around. "He is crushing all the progress goals. We couldn't feel more positive about the road ahead." READ MORE: Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name On Friday, Jeremy appeared to be feeling better as he received a head massage from Kym in a video shared on Instagram. In the clip, the actor showed off his bruised and swollen face while his sister massaged his head in a shower cap. The Hawkeye star slurred his words in the video while explaining that this was his first shower while confirming he was "definitely weak of something". He captioned the video: "ICU SPA MOMENT TO LIFT MY SPIRITS. “Thank you mama Thank you, sister. Thank you all for your love." Jeremy was run over by a seven-tonne snow plough on New Year's Day as he worked to free a trapped family member from the snow covering his Lake Tahoe home. He was left in critical condition and has been reported to have undergone two surgeries to help his recovery. Authorities have said Jeremy tried to use his 14.330-pound snow plough to help free a family member with a personal vehicle that was stuck in the snow. READ MORE...Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her famous assets in plunging blazer [PICTURES]Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims [NEWS]Stranger Things' Noah Schnapp comes out as gay after years 'in closet [NEWS] The actor got out of the vehicle to speak with the family member, during which time, Washoe County Sheriff Darin Balaam said: "It was observed that the PistenBully [snow plough] was starting to roll. "In an effort to stop the rolling PistenBully, Mr Renner attempts to get back into the driver seat of the PistenBully. "Based on our investigation, it’s at this point that Mr Renner is run over by the PistenBully." A 911 call made in the aftermath indicates that the right side of the actor's chest collapsed and his upper torso was crushed. The actor, who owns his own fire truck, plough and other heavy machinery took a snowcat to help clear the way for some of the snow early hours of New Year's Day. A publicist for Jeremy said in a statement Monday that he had "returned from surgery and remains in the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition". He said that the two-time Oscar nominee "suffered blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries". He also added that Jeremy's family would like to "express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County sheriff, Reno City mayor Hillary Schieve and the Corano and Murdock families. "They are all tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans."