The appalling claw hammer murder of a pregnant mother and three children was characterised by failings “at every stage”, a damning new report has suggested. “Psychopathic" criminal Damien Bendall - a former cage fighter - was last month handed a whole-life order for the murders of Terri Harris, 35, her daughter Lacey Bennett, 11, her son John Paul Bennett, 13, and Lacey's friend Connie Gent, 11, after he attacked them at their home in Killamarsh, Derbyshire in September 2021. He also admitted raping Lacey. Asked to investigate by Justice Secretary Dominic Raab, Justin Russell, Chief Inspector of Probation, said the Probation Service's handling of Bendall, who had a string of convictions and a history of violence, was of an "unacceptable standard" at every stage and "critical opportunities" to correct errors were missed - adding that if they had spotted, the four might still be alive. Making 17 recommendations for improvement, Mr Russell told reporters the case was "the most concerning" of his tenure and said the parents of Ms Harris and Connie Gent were "shocked" by the findings. The Probation Service's assessment and management of Bendall "at every stage" was of an "unacceptable standard and fell far below what was required”, his report concluded. Two members of staff faced disciplinary action over the case. Published today, the report revealed a catalogue of errors and missed opportunities which led to Bendall being wrongly categorised as a low-risk offender and supervised by inexperienced staff. Records showed an ex-partner had made allegations of domestic abuse against him and police also contacted probation a year before the attacks, amid concern about his association with a 16-year-old girl who was in foster care. The intelligence about the risk of "serious sexual harm" he could pose to girls was "not explored or recorded sufficiently" to inform checks to help keep children safe, according to the findings. One probation officer questioned by inspectors, who was involved with Bendall's case in 2016, described him as "cold and calculated and quite psychopathic". The watchdog found that at that time probation teams had been focused on his extreme right-wing views and violence behind bars, rather than the risk of domestic harm. The report also detailed how Bendall repeatedly claimed to be a high-ranking member of a white supremacist group called Aryan Brotherhood and bragged about having two Nazi-inspired tattoos. JUST IN: Heartbreaking image shows woman in the rubble of Russian airstrike However, inspectors found "no evidence" probation officers carried out checks with police to establish whether this was true, after he was recorded as being prone to telling "grandiose stories", the report said. With a "significant" history of crime dating back to 2004, Bendall is first recorded as being supervised by probation in 2011 - more than a decade before the killings. Despite previous convictions for robbery and grievous bodily harm, he was given a 24-month suspended sentence for arson just months before carrying out the murders. The "very poor" probation report provided to the court for sentencing "significantly misrepresented" the risk Bendall posed to others, Mr Russell said. After the arson, probation staff decided he was suitable to be put under curfew at home with Ms Harris - an assessment the watchdog concluded was "dangerous and entirely inappropriate". DON'T MISSPlane crashes: Some of history's worst aviation disasters [REPORT]Mafia 'boss of all bosses' Matteo Messina Denaro arrested in Sicily [REVEALED]Police honour bereaved five-year-old boy with motorbike escort [PICTURED] No attempt was made to speak to Ms Harris or visit the property and there is no evidence that "essential" domestic abuse and child safeguarding checks were carried out by the probation officers making this decision, Mr Russell said, as he agreed no mandatory requirement to do so was "extraordinary". Bendall was classed as a posing a medium risk of serious harm to the public and a low risk of posing serious harm to partners and children - but Mr Russell said he was "clearly of high risk" and the decision had "serious consequences". It was "possible" that, had an accurate report been provided to the court, Bendall may have been jailed immediately, although Mr Russell said it was "impossible to know" whether the deaths could have been prevented if the probation failings had been identified and rectified earlier. He blamed the failures on a mixture of inexperienced staff who lacked professional curiosity and "heavily overloaded" line managers. Describing Bendall as a "very controlling personality", Mr Russell said it is vital such criminals are supervised by experienced probation officers, adding: "He controlled Terri Harris and he controlled the more inexperienced probation officers that were supervising him." Prisons and probation minister Damian Hinds said: "These were appalling crimes. The chief probation officer has apologised to the victims' families for the unacceptable failings in this case and disciplinary action has been taken against two members of staff." Mr Hinds added: "The extra funding of £155 million a year we have put into the Probation Service is being used to recruit thousands more frontline staff and to ensure domestic abuse and child safeguarding checks are always carried out before any offender is given a curfew. "The Probation Service has also improved information sharing with police and councils, so no family is put at such significant risk again.” Despite reports that the probation officer who assessed Bendall's record for his arson sentencing had been sacked, the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) would not comment on the outcome of the proceedings. Ellie Reeves MP, Labour’s Shadow Minister for Prisons and Probation, said: "My heart goes out to victims and their families of Damien Bendall’s horrific crimes. "After 13 years of Conservative government, the probation service is in tatters after see-sawing between the Conservatives’ disastrous privatisation quickly followed by a rushed renationalisation. These botched reforms have had such horrific consequences. "Under Labour, probation was an award-winning service keeping the public safe and rehabilitating those who it supervised. In Government, Labour will get a grip on the Tories’ failure to ensure justice is served."