Removing ivy from garden walls, exterior walls of your home or from outbuildings can be difficult, especially if it’s been there a while. While it may be tempting to scrape it off or pull it away, this could cause damage to the brick or material the ivy is attached to. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their hacks for removing dead ivy from walls. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Jennifer Piper posted: “What's the best way to remove dead ivy off house walls without causing damage to the bricks? Thanks in advance.” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use a pressure washer or a wire brush, depending on the material the ivy is on. READ MORE: ‘Ideal temperature’ to avoid condensation, damp and mould in your home Julie Buckingham said: “Pull off the big bits then wire brush the little stuck bits once it’s dried.” Sarah Christensen commented: “Once it's fully dried out and brittle, it should just break off. “I’ve used a garden fork. Clean off rest with a pressure washer.” Judith Hollamby-Jones wrote: “We did my sister’s outside wall before her conservatory just by power washing. It came up amazing with no damage.” DON'T MISSTurn white shirts 'bright again' and 'as good as new' with simple hack [INSIGHT]How to clean a headboard - the 3 steps [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] Angela Beattie replied: “We used a wire brush, but we had a pebble-dash finish so that didn't damage the paint. A stiff brush should do it.” Jace Nicholson posted: “Cut main root stems, allow it to die, pull off and jet wash.” Pressure washers are not cheap but they are a great investment when it comes to cleaning patios, outdoor areas and garden spaces. Karcher K2 Compact Pressure Washer costs £74.99 from Halfords. Bosch 06008A7F70 EasyAquatak 110 High Pressure Washer costs £59 from Amazon. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Kärcher K2 Basic Corded Pressure washer costs £69 from B&Q. BLACK + DECKER BXPW1300E Pressure Washer is £52.99 from Currys. Wire brushes are a cheaper option and can be found online and in local shops. Four-Row Plastic Handle Wire Scratch Brush costs 60p from Zero. Wire Four-Row Brush costs £2.58 from Toolstation. Harris Essentials Mini Wire Brush Three Pack costs £1.93 from Amazon. Wilko Wire Brush Set Three Pack costs £1.50 which works out at 50p per brush. The only other suggestion for removing dead ivy from walls was to simply pull it away from the wall manually or to enlist the help of a builder. Kate Noble said: “Damage will already be there if there is any. Perhaps let a builder do it?” Andy Yates commented: “If it’s already dead, pull at it and it will come away? Be careful using anything like a power washer in case there is any damage to brickwork or mortar (that will be pulled open).” Janis Butler wrote: “I would just pull it off and sort the bricks out after." If you’re unsure of how to remove ivy from your walls or building, seek expert advice.