McDonald’s has announced 12 days of big deals to entice customers to get their hands on a core item from the menu. The brilliant offers are available for as little as £1.49 and feature some of the most popular items from the fast-food chain. From January 16 to 27, McDonald’s fans can grab a deal exclusively via the McDonald’s UK app. The first offer on Monday 16 will see Big Macs or Quarter Pounders on offer for just £1.49, on other days, there is a discount code applied to your basket if you spend a minimum amount. Monday 16 January – £1.49 for a Core Item Tuesday 17 January – 15 percent off with £10 minimum spend Wednesday 18 January – Spend £15, save £5 Thursday 19 January – £1.99 for a Core Item Friday 20 January – 10 percent off with £10 minimum spend Saturday 21 January - £1.99 for a Core Item Sunday 22 January - £1.99 for a Core Item READ MORE: Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan The offers coincide with the brand's new TV advert, Raise Your Arches, which celebrates an "iconic new eyebrow signal customers shoot a friend when they fancy a McDonald’s". The advert was posted to the official UK McDonald’s Instagram account and received a mixed reaction, with some customers hoping the brand was announcing a new menu item. “Great advertisement,” one wrote, another said: “Love this!!” Djrustynail said: “Bit disappointed it wasn’t a new menu item.” Joeagray added: “I thought it was [going to be] a [new] meal item ugh.” DON'T MISS...Martin Lewis’ two ‘simple rules’ to burn 4,000 calories a day [ADVICE]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [COMMENT] McDonald’s posted two days of teasers leading up to the announcement, and it sent fans crazy trying to work out what was in store. Many fans were begging for the McSpicy, Chicken Legend, breakfast wraps and bagels to return to the menu. The Chicken Legend, available with cool mayo, BBQ or spicy mayo was axed from the menu back in October 2022 leaving fans devastated. The restaurant chain also removed the Big Tasty, Spicy McNuggets, Mozzarella Dippers, Twix and Mars McFlurry as they moved into the winter menu. READ MORE: Savvy shopper shares tip that slashed weekly food bill to just £3.50 As for what’s new in 2023, McDonald’s has a new addition to its wrap selection - the Spicy Sriracha Chicken One. The wrap is made with either crispy chicken breast or grilled chicken, spicy sriracha sauce, cucumber, slivered onions, and lettuce, served in a soft, toasted wrap. The wrap is only available for a limited time only - until February 14 - and costs £3.29. Gráinne Allen, Director of Food and Innovation at McDonald’s UK and Ireland, said: “We’re so pleased to be launching a new Big Flavour Wrap in the UK and Ireland. The Spicy Sriracha Chicken One brings something different to the wrap family and we hope customers are as excited by it as we are.” The 2023 menu also sees the Cheesy Garlic Bites return; five bites per portion made with a blend of mozzarella and Emmental cheese, in a garlic herb coating and served with a rich tomato dip. These too are available until February 14, and cost £2.29 or £6.29 for a sharebox. In terms of McFlurry flavours, the Aero Chocolate McFlurry and the Aero Peppermint McFlurry, complete with pieces of Aero Chocolate and either peppermint or chocolate sauce are available for £1.79 each or 99p for the mini versions.