Andy Murray has amassed a remarkable net worth that is worth eight times his fellow British tennis stalwart Tim Henman. During his playing days, Henman was regarded as Britain’s top tennis star, winning 11 career titles, reaching the semi-final of the US Open, French Open and Wimbledon, as well as climbing to as high as No. 4 in the world rankings. After an impressive 14-year professional career, Henman finally called time on his playing days in 2007. And as one of the British greats put the racket down, another picked it up as Scottish star Murray began his burst onto the scene. The 35-year-old changed the face of British tennis, announcing himself as one of the world’s top players. In 2012 aged 25, Murray ended the nation’s 76-year wait for a male Grand Slam winner after becoming US Open champion, before ending the 77-year hiatus for a Wimbledon winner a year later. In total, the Brit has won three Grand Slam titles and two Olympic golds, and without a career riddled by injury it could - and probably should - be more. His success on the court not only saw him become Britain’s No. 1 player, but the world’s too, after reaching the summit back in 2016. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu spotted 'wincing' as Australian Open injury crisis deepens With great success has of course come wealth, with Murray’s net worth dwarfing that of his predecessor Henman. Thanks to both his on and off the court earnings, the 35-year-old’s net worth stands at a staggering £134 million - according to Essentially Sports. Henman’s currently stands at £16 million as per The Richest. Murray is no doubt hoping to add to his wealth this month, as the Brit chases a Grand Slam that eludes him at the Australian Open. DON'T MISSDjokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Aus OpenOns Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open winAustralian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theft The former world No. 1 kicked off his tournament in Melbourne with one of his greatest ever performances by coming from match point down to defeat Matteo Berrettini 6-3, 6-3, 4-6, 7-6, 7-6 in a mammoth four hours and 49-minute clash. After a tough few years, the usually modest Brit admitted he was ‘proud’ of himself. He said: “I felt very proud of myself after the match. That's not something that I generally felt over the years at the end of the matches. I'm really proud of how I fought through that match when it could have gotten away from me, how I played in the tie-break at the end.” 