Manchester United face missing out on Joao Felix to Arsenal because of the Premier League's loan rules. Erik ten Hag is scouring the market for budget striker reinforcements and could shoot himself in the foot by completing a temporary move for Burnley's Wout Weghorst. United are closing in on recruiting Weghorst on a short loan until the end of the season to bolster Ten Hag's depth as he looks to secure silverware and a top-four finish in his maiden season in charge. The Red Devils are currently fourth and still competing for the Europa League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup. But Anthony Martial is the club's only striker option when Marcus Rashford is also on the pitch. Cristiano Ronaldo's November exit has left Ten Hag worryingly short in the department, but he has set out to address the issue this month. Felix has emerged as an enticing option, with Atletico Madrid willing to offload him on loan after he fell out of favour with Diego Simeone. But Weghorst's impending arrival could pose a significant problem in United's interest in the 23-year-old, handing rivals Arsenal the advantage. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Premier League rules state that clubs are not permitted to register more than two 'temporary transfers' at the same time. If Weghorst arrives at Old Trafford on loan in the coming weeks, he will join Jack Butland to become the second temporary addition since the January transfer window opened. It would mean there is no space for Felix, even if United agree to Atleti's loan fee demands, and leaves the door wide open for Arsenal to complete a swoop. Mikel Arteta wants to add £88million-rated Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk and Felix to his Premier League-challenging squad this month. DON'T MISS: Wout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand United could find a way around the Premier League's ruling, with rule V.7.6.1 stating 'any temporary transfer which becomes permanent' is excluded from the number of loans allowed. Atleti reportedly want a £9.5m loan fee for the Portugal international and a £70.5m obligation to buy included in his contract. If the Red Devils agree to the demands, they would be able to register Felix after also loaning Butland and Weghorst. But with new owners expected to arrive before the summer transfer window, it's difficult to see the Glazers sanction an outcome that would demand such a hefty fee at another's expense. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here