Cristiano Ronaldo appeared shocked after being awarded the Man of the Match for his performance in a glamorous Riyadh XI exhibition friendly against Lionel Messi’s PSG. Ronaldo struck a brace in the game but still seemed perplexed when he was presented with a trophy in the post-match ceremony. The veteran striker was making his long-awaited debut in Saudi Arabia following his free transfer switch to Al-Nassr in December. However, he is yet to play for his new club due to a ban imposed by the English Football Association. Ronaldo instead made his bow as part of a Riyadh XI, a team made up of some of Saudi Arabia's best talent from club teams Al-Nassr and Al-Hilal. Coincidentally, his first game in the country came against long-term rival Messi and PSG. An entertaining match ended 5-4 to 10-man PSG, with Ronaldo and Messi both getting on the scoresheet before the substitution of the Portuguese icon was booed by those inside the stadium. The supporters did not need to wait long before Ronaldo re-emerged, though, as both teams came back out for a prestigious award ceremony. JUST IN: Messi wipes smile off Ronaldo's face with third-minute goal The Manchester United and Real Madrid legend was seen chatting with PSG stars Sergio Ramos and Keylor Navas, the latter of whom caught the striker with a horror elbow during the game which led to a penalty. However, it was at this point that Ronaldo's name was read out by the announcer confirming him as the recipient of the Man of the Match award. Ronaldo seemed surprised that he had scooped the prize, in a game that also featured Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar, with the former two both scoring and putting in impressive displays. Ronaldo collected his award and posed for photographs with Saudi officials before heading back towards the group of players. It was a fine reward for a decent performance by the 37-year-old. DON'T MISS....Chelsea 'agree Noni Madueke transfer deal' after big-money bidArsenal told they're back to greatness but are still scared of Man UtdArsenal switch transfer strategy after Leandro Trossard deal opening After Messi opened the scoring, Ronaldo scored twice in the first half. Goalkeeper Navas caught the attacker in the face with his elbow, and Ronaldo stepped up to score the resultant spot-kick. Marquinhos put the Ligue 1 champions ahead again soon after before Ronaldo slammed home a rebound after his initial header struck the post. He was then substituted in the second half, with his withdrawal met by boos by those in attendance. Ronaldo will hope for as good a display when he finally makes his debut for Al-Nassr. He could appear for his new club in their Saudi Pro League clash with Ettifaq on Sunday.