Marjorie Taylor Greene erupted at Republican colleagues for U-turning on their support for House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy after allegedly being refused pivotal committee positions ahead of the vote. Mr McCarthy is the first nominee for speaker in 100 years to fail to win the first vote. Ms Taylor Greene slammed her "supposed friends" in the Freedom Caucus for backpedalling, saying "three Republicans out of 222" had contributed to the negative outcome of the first ballot. Speaking to the press after the vote, the Georgia Representative said: "We have been negotiating, talking, debating back and forth in our conference, trying to come to a really good rules package. "And it’s amazing. As a matter of fact, I’ll quote Matt Gaetz. He said, ‘It’s exquisite.' That’s what he said on our conference call on Sunday." She claimed colleagues "were demanding positions for themselves, demanding gavel positions, demanding subcommittees, demanding for people to be taken off committees and people to be put on committees. Three, three Republicans out of our 222." Ms Taylor Greene herself lost all her committee positions in 2021 because of her repeated peddling of extreme-right conspiracy theories. JUST IN: Biden slammed for latest Brexit meddling as President accused of 'political sycophancy' The Congresswoman also admitted to being "furious" after discovering colleagues had failed to make demands about allowing her back onto a committee. She continued: "The only thing I have done is debate and request and argue among my peers for the right things, for the rules package and for our agenda for the American people. "And that’s the only thing I’ve done. I’m the only Republican that has zero committees. So you would think I would be the one in there asking for something. But I haven’t done that. "But I find out that it’s my Freedom Caucus colleagues and my supposed friends that went and did that, and they asked nothing for me. Nothing. That’s what I found out in there. I’m furious." READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne blasts Prince Harry for cutting Archie and Lilibet off from family Freedom Caucus member Scott Perry, who has openly opposed Kevin McCarthy's candidacy to succeed Nancy Pelosi, said he and colleagues had approached him with demands for committee appointments but were rebuked. Rep Perry, from Pennsylvania, said: "Once the speaker becomes elected, then promises aren’t kept and there’s nothing you can do about it. "The speaker’s position is incredibly powerful​ –​ determines all committees, who’s on committee, chairs committees, and the policies that come out of committees.” Mr McCarthy said late on Tuesday he will not drop his bid to become House Speaker despite failing to win multiple rounds of voting. DON'T MISS: Defiant Ukrainians chant 'Putin the d***head' as strikes hit Kyiv [REVEAL] British couple killed in Australia helicopter crash named [INSIGHT] China promises they will ‘surely win’ over Covid as cases rise  [SPOTLIGHT] The California Rep insisted he would fight to the finish after an encouraging phone call from Donald Trump despite widespread opposition from the chamber's most conservative members. Mr McCarthy got just 203 votes in two rounds — less even than Democrat Hakeem Jeffries in the GOP-controlled chamber — and fared even worse in round three, losing 20 Republican colleagues. He said Mr Trump wants him to stay in the race and told him to bring an end to the House Republican disarray and pull the party together. The 45th President of the United States “wants to see the Republicans united to be able to accomplish the exact things we said we'd do,” Mr McCarthy said.