A passenger coach in Pakistan carrying dozens of people plunged into a ravine this morning, sparking a frantic emergency response. Footage on social media saw the overturned bus engulfed in flames during the early hours of this morning. Emergency ambulance crews and police were quickly on the scene with at least 40 people reported to have died. Another four have been rushed to a hospital for their injuries. Among those rescued alive so far include a woman and a child. However, the number of passengers on board at the time is thought to be at least 48, as officials warn the death toll is likely to rise. Those at the scene said that the rescue work was still underway and would be completed this afternoon. JUST IN: Putin warned Russians have 'no stomach for the fight' in Ukraine war  The bus careened off a bridge and fell into the ditch on Sunday morning while travelling from Quetta to Karachi. The accident took place in the Lasbela district of Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan province - a place renowned for so-called 'killer highways'. Bela Assistant Commissioner Hamza Anjum Nadeem said that the rescue operation faced obstacles due to the freezing conditions in the area. He confirmed they had completely extinguished the flames engulfing the vehicle after it took nearly two hours to control.  Police have blamed the tragedy on speeding. Mr Nadeem added that DNA testing will have to be carried out to identify many of the deceased. Balochistan's dangerous single-lane roads are known to claim thousands of lives annually. DON'T MISS: Unionists would not back Good Friday Agreement as Brexit talks sour [POLL]West has been asleep for too long, says Lt Col Stuart Crawford [COMMENT]Damar Hamlin breaks silence on cardiac arrest in video message [VIDEO]  Around 8,000 people die each year in accidents across the Balochistan province, a mountainous, desert region bordering Afghanistan and Iran. It is Pakistan’s largest but most impoverished province. At least seven people were killed and 15 others were injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck in Balochistan's Killa Saifullah district earlier this month. In June last year, 22 people were killed when a passenger bus veered off a narrow road and fell into a ravine in the same district.