Mykhaylo Mudryk has been announced as a Chelsea player after being spotted at Stamford Bridge. The Ukrainian winger will to join the Blues on an eight-and-a-half-year deal after Todd Boehly hijacked the players deal to London rivals Arsenal by with an £88million bid last night. The club moving quickly to get the player to the ground for the fixture with Crystal Palace today. Mudryk had been linked with a move to the Emirates since the summer and all the signs had suggested that he would be an Arsenal player this month. The Gunners had reportedly forced a breakthrough in the transfer talks as they progressed to their final details while the player himself appeared keen on the move dropping multiple hints on social media. However, the Gunners were gazumped by their fierce rivals on Saturday night, with Boehly stumping up £88m to bring him to west London instead. The club moved quickly during the course of the evening, using their social media sites to confirm they had agreed a deal with Shakhtar Donetsk while the winger flew to Britain. Now, Mudryk has been confirmed as a Chelsea after being spotted at Stamford Bridge ahead of the move. The 22-year-old will watch the match against Crystal Palace and could make his first appearance for his new side against Liverpool next weekend so long as the relevant paperwork is completed on time. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Mudryk has only properly broken through at Shakhtar in the last 12 months but he has quickly become one of the most sought-after players in world football. He has scored 12 goals and produced 17 assists in his first 44 games for the Ukrainian club. He has also won eight caps for the national team in what is an exciting start to his career. Chelsea fans will be hoping that the presence of their new signing will help galvanise their team as they seek to arrest their alarming run of form. The Blues have won just one of their last nine games in all competitions, slumping to 10th in the Premier League table as a result. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeChelsea could axe 10 players in squad firesale as Boehly backs PotterMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private The team's performances have put immense pressure on manager Graham Potter however the Chelsea board have been steadfast in their support for the former Brighton coach. The signing of Mudryk typifies this, with the 47-year-old known to have been particularly keen on his signature. Palace may be the perfect opposition to get their season back on track with the Eagles on a poor run of form themselves, winning just one of their last six. Chelsea supporters will hope the signing of Mudryk will prove to be the turning point in their season as excitement builds for his first on-field appearance for the club. 