Prince Harry, 38, released his long-awaited book, Spare, earlier this week with the memoir being full of stories about the royal's life never known before. Karren Brady, 53, has taken to her most recent column to joke about the "unnecessary details" in Harry's memoir, even renaming the book due to his "cringeworthy" frostbite account. Karren is known for letting her opinion on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's latest ventures, including their Netflix documentary and interviews. The Apprentice star has taken to her Sun column to jibe at Prince Harry's frostbitten penis story, where he used an Elizabeth Arden cream, reminding him of his mother. She wrote: "Of all the unnecessary details in Prince Harry’s long-awaited and often toe-curling memoir Spare, perhaps the most cringeworthy is his account of applying Elizabeth Arden cream to his frostbitten penis in 2011. "The same product had been used by his late mother, Princess Diana, and he says the smell of it made him feel like she 'was right there in the room' before he applied the cream to his, er, 'todger'. READ MORE: Life after Barbara - ‘I still wake and think I’ll see her' "I am sorry to say that my review-in-brief is that the book should have been called Do Spare Us." A clip from Harry's audiobook has gone viral on social media, where horrified readers have called the story a "Freudian nightmare". The royal recounts how a friend recommended he use the product on the injured area after he returned from a trip to the North Pole before his brother Prince William's wedding. Harry recounted he had been unsuccessful with home remedies to heal his ailment when a friend recommended he use the Elizabeth Arden formula. He wrote: "My mum used that on her lips. Do you want me to put that on my todger? "I felt as if my mother was right there in the room. Then I took a smidge and applied it…down there." Many social media users rushed to Twitter to share their dismay over Harry's oversharing in his memoir. Vbspurs wrote: "I'm just going to leave this here. Prince Harry talking about his penis being frostbitten and applying some of Princess Diana's Elizabeth Arden cream on it, which she has used on her LIPS. "The words 'my penis, mother and lips' should NEVER be used together ANYWHERE." DON'T MISS... Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' [COMMENT] Kate Hudson shows off toned figure in yellow two-piece at BAFTA party [PICS] Lisa Marie Presley died aged 54 from second cardiac arrest in hospital [INSIGHT] ColletteWalsh added: "NO mother wants to be 'right there in the room' upon the application of 8-hour cream 'down there'." The book, filled with explosive revelations about Prince Harry and the Royal Family, has been dominating public conversation since it was released on Tuesday. Karren spoke out in December about the racism storm King Charles III was having to deal with over a controversial conversation between Buckingham Palace guest Ngozi Fulani and senior royal aide Lady Susan Hussey, 83. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not yet commented on the controversy involving Lady Hussey, but Karren has now criticised them for "shouting from the sidelines" about historical issues they've faced. It comes after black British charity boss Ms Fulani explained to BBC Radio 4’s Today show she was questioned about her background by Lady Hussey on Tuesday. Karren has now pointed out in her piece for The Sun the scandal erupted in the same week that Meghan and Harry released the explosive trailer for their Netflix documentary. The star continued: "It’s also a sad reminder of the powerful impact that Harry and Meghan could have made. "Rather than shouting about the past from the sidelines, they could have been carving out a brighter, more progressive future for the royals from inside. "Because whatever your conclusions about this past week, there is no doubt that the Royal Family needs more diversity."