A piece of jewellery once owned by Princess Diana has been bought at an auction by Kim Kardashian for over £160,000. A representative for the star picked up the Attallah Cross, which was worn by the late princess on several occasions, at the famous Sotheby's auction house. The purple cross was designed by Garrard, the first official jeweller to the Royal Family, and is made up of square-cut amethysts and circle-cut diamonds, weighing approximately 5.25 carats. Diana also picked out her iconic sapphire engagement ring from Garrard, which is now worn by Kate Middleton. She most famously paired their pendant with a Catherine Walker dress at a charity gala held in support of Birthright, a charity working towards the protection of human rights during pregnancy and childbirth, in October 1987. Ms Kardashian ultimately succeeded in the four-way bidding war for the necklace, paying £163,800.  This was more than double its pre-auction estimate ahead of Wednesday's Royal and Noble Sale at Sotheby's. The pendant was designed in the 1920s but was first bought from Garrard in the 1980s by Naim Attallah, a British-Palestinian businessman who was friends with the late Princess of Wales. He lent her the piece on a number of occasions, and passed away in February 2021.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton ‘has the most power in the fashion industry’ - new data Kristian Spofforth, head of jewellery at Sotheby's London, said: "Jewellery owned or worn by the late Princess Diana very rarely comes on to the market, especially a piece such as the Attallah Cross, which is so colourful, bold and distinctive. "To some extent, this unusual pendant is symbolic of the princess's growing self-assurance in her sartorial and jewellery choices, at that particular moment in her life." Kim Kardashian is known for her interest in historical fashion and jewellery items, having paid $65,000 (£53,000) for three gold and jade Lorraine Schwartz bangles owned by the actress Elizabeth Taylor in 2011.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan’s popularity in US takes hit [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood addresses her 'most embarrassing' gaffe [SHOWBIZ]Zelensky rages fatal helicopter crash in Ukraine 'not an accident'  [REPORT] She also bought a Cartier watch once owned by Jackie Onassis/Kennedy for $379,500 (£307,000) in 2017. Most infamously she lost 16lb to wear Marilyn Monroe's dress to the Met Gala last year, having been lent the gown by Ridley's Believe It or Not! museum. The dress was worn by the iconic actress to sing Happy Birthday to President John F Kennedy in 1962. 