Former European super bantamweight champion Spencer Oliver has warned Anthony Joshua that the public will only accept a warm-up fight if he faces either Deontay Wilder or Tyson Fury this year. Promoter Eddie Hearn recently announced that Joshua will fight three times in 2023 against varying levels of competition. Joshua’s proposed comeback fight will be against a ‘credible top 15 fighter’ in April, which is set to be followed by a summer showdown with Dillian Whyte before a blockbuster contest with Wilder or Fury at the back end of the year. Otto Wallin is the frontrunner to box AJ on his first fight back – which would serve as a decent drop in competition to help build the Watford powerhouse’s confidence. But Oliver states that fans will only accept this fight if he is able to deliver big fights in 2023. “AJ’s at the stage in his career now that he doesn’t need loads of warm up fights because they’re all potentially dangerous now, like your Frank Sanchez and Filip Hrgovic, and all those type of guys they’re all dangerous," he told Boxing Social. “So, for Anthony Joshua, he needs to get himself back into the mix sooner rather than later. I get that he needs a warmup fight for confidence building and to adjust to the new trainer. Dillian Whyte makes sense because they have got history together and it’s a fight that the British public would pay to see.  Then we need the big fight from him, I think we can allow him that. “We can allow him the comeback fight, the Dillian Whyte fight and then I think we need to see him in a big fight against a Fury or a Wilder, anything less than that and the public won’t accept it.” Fury has ruled out a fight with Joshua after recent breakdowns in discussions to stage their long-awaited grudge match on December 3. However, the Wilder fight looks to be a real possibility to round off 2023. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury once called Lioness star Bronze a 'p****' and asked for a fight AJ in 'difficult situation' as Brit told Usyk questions 'can't happen' Anthony Joshua team receive second Deontay Wilder message from Garcia The communication lines between Hearn and Wilder’s manager Shelly Finkel were recently opened and it is understood that both parties are interested in making a fight happen. Teasing a potential Wilder fight this year during an interview with GQ last month, Joshua said: “Let’s look to the future. It will definitely happen. We’re in the same division, we’re in the same era, that means the fight has to happen. 2023 is looming, it’s a big year for boxing and that fight will definitely happen.”