Lisa Marie died after a cardiac arrest at home on January 12. She was just 54 years old. The singer was buried earlier today at Graceland, her childhood home. The ceremony was followed by a public memorial held on the lawn of the Memphis mansion. Among close family friends, Axl Rose and Sarah Ferguson shared their memories and tributes, the many touching comments also including a remarkable comparison to the Royal Family. The Duchess of York took to the stage and said: "I think it’s time we all need to stoke our flames within to celebrate the extraordinary Lisa Marie. I stand here with great honour because we called each other Sissy… Sissy, this for you with affection. My late mother-in-law used to say that nothing can begin to take away the anguish of these moments because grief is the price we pay for love." Fergie also spoke of the way Lisa Marie had lost her son Benjamin in 2020 and now Priscilla Prelsey has lost her daughter: "Mothers losing children, there are no words for it." Fergie added a promise to Lisa Marie's three remaining children: "For Riley, for Harper, for Findlay, we march forward. If you put out your hand, we will be there, I will be there." The ceremony had another 'royal' link when A C Wharton Jr, the 63rd mayor of Memphis, Tennessee, took to the stage and drew a powerful comparison to another famous family. DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley's ex Michael 'to get full custody' of their twinsElvis Presley's final words to Lisa Marie Presley in GracelandElvis Presley's last message to Ann-Margret was delivered at funeral Wharton said: "Before Dennis Quaid and Meg Ryan had Jack, before Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn had `Wyatt, before Lennie Kravitz and Lisa Bonet had Zoe, before Pink and Corey Hart had Willow and, yes, before Jay-Z and Beyoncé had Blue Ivy, and long before Harry and Meghan had Archie, right here in this city our own royal couple Elvis and Priscilla had a beautiful bundle of joy called Lisa Marie." Archie Mountbatten-Windsor was born on May 6, 2019. His sister Lilibet followed on June 4, 2021. Wharton added:"54 years ago there was a star shining here at Graceland for the birth of this precious angel. She was and remained the only child born to the world’s most famous father. She was a conduit to the throne, the keeper of the flame… she was that special." The link to watch the live stream of Lisa Marie Presley’s memorial service is available here.