Rafael Nadal has given a reality check to the next generation by insisting it is “logical” that there will not be another pair of stars winning over 20 Grand Slams tournaments. The Spanish superstar won the title here last year and took his tally to a male record 22 Major titles by claiming the French Open.  Novak Djokovic has the chance to equal that tally by winning his 10th Australian Open title here while Roger Federer has retired after winning 20 Grand Slams. World No.1 Carlos Alcaraz, who is out injured, won his first Major title at the US Open. But before facing British No.3 Jack Draper in the first round of the Australian Open, Nadal was asked if new stars like teenagers Alcaraz and Holger Rune can reach the same heights at the Big Three. And the top seed said: “I can't predict the future. Some of the names that you named, they are super good. Carlos has one Grand Slam, the others have zero yet. If we start talking about achieving 22 Grand Slams, 21, 20, it's a big deal. That can happen, yes. Why not? But at the same time it never happened in the past. It will not be easy for that to happen two generations in a row. That's just giving the logical perspective. “They are super good. They're going to have amazing careers. They're going to win slams. They're going to win a lot of tournaments, yes. But I'm almost sure that two players of this generation are not going to achieve 20, 21, and 22 Grand Slams. If someone can reach that number - maybe - going to be difficult, they have a lot of things to do in front of them. But you never know what can happen. MUST READ: Emma Raducanu gives spicy response to ex-coach and is using Lionel Messi before Aus Open “Probably because there have been three players that achieved that much, we lose a little bit of perspective over how difficult all of this is. We are here playing tennis at the age of 36, and you need to have a very, very long career. Injuries are there. Circumstances in life. Don't talk about the level of tennis because that's probably a thing you can have but then there are a lot of different facts in life that can happen that make this situation or these results difficult. “There is no doubt about the potential they have, but the circumstances of life put the pressure on their shoulders to achieve these kind of numbers, I don't think it's fair.” Nadal, who is playing his first Grand Slam as a father following the birth of Rafael in October, achieved his Miracle in Melbourne last year when he won the title only two months after fearing his career was over due to a chronic foot injury. DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic 'sacks coach in front of 15,000 people' during Nick Kyrgios charity clash Novak Djokovic makes concerning injury admission ahead of first Australian Open match Emma Raducanu shoots down 'stress' fears after beating off injury before Australian Open “Sport goes fast,” he said. “What happened last year is already past. But in sports, especially in a sport like tennis, people remember the victories at the end? People are going to remember that today I have 22 Grand Slams, not that I lost another 50. “What happened last year is going to stay in my heart and my memory forever. One of the most emotional victories of my tennis career, without a doubt. A lot of emotions coming back from a long injury. The love of the people, the atmosphere we lived here on Rod Laver Arena in that final, have been unforgettable for me.”