London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone is set to expand in August this year to include all of the capital’s 32 boroughs and the City of London. Despite criticism from many involved in the project, Mayor Sadiq Khan is keen to carry on with the plan to charge the most polluting petrol and diesel vehicles to drive in London. The ULEZ has already reduced roadside pollution levels by 44 percent in central London and 20 percent in inner London, with Mayor Khan confident that rates will be slashed even further. Vehicles must meet strict emission standards to drive in the ULEZ including Euro 4 petrol and Euro 6 for diesel, with any non-compliant vehicle facing the £12.50 daily fee. Peter O’Driscoll, managing director at RingGo, spoke about how Emissions-Based Parking (EBP) is already setting positive precedents in London. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The Mayor of London has announced plans for ULEZ expansion in 2023, targeting the top 15 percent highest-polluting vehicles with the scheme. READ MORE: Elderly drivers call for major rule change when renewing licence “[This will] help ensure five million Londoners will breathe cleaner air, but there has been some emerging backlash around this move. “It’s important to remember that there are multiple options to combat vehicle emissions, and alternative green schemes in local areas can be explored. “These have minimal up-front investment and options to tailor for each individual Council’s needs; Emissions-Based Parking (EBP) presents itself as a unique solution here. “An EBP scheme enables an authority to levy a surcharge on the most polluting vehicles when they pay for parking – with emission reduction as a result. DON'T MISSDrivers expect next car to be petrol or diesel as EV support drops [INSIGHT]Electric car owners warned to stop charging their EV at 80 percent [SHOCKING]Drivers told to use clever household item method on windscreen frost [WARNING] “Such schemes can be introduced flexibly, depending on the requirements of each individual area, which is a feature fixed infrastructure schemes lack.” EBP has slowly been rolled out by some councils, including Lewisham Council, which introduced new parking costs in April 2022. The parking charges are split up into bands which categorise which vehicles will have to pay based on how environmentally friendly their car is. The maximum charge is £33.50 for those wanting to pay for up to nine hours, who have a non-Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicle. READ MORE: Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges For Band 5 - all non-Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicles producing more than 201g/km of CO2 - one hour of parking will cost drivers £5.50. In comparison, cars in Band 1 which release less than 100g/km of CO2 will only pay £1.50 for parking. All electric vehicles would pay this rate, being charged just £13.50 for nine hours, just £1 more expensive than it would be for a diesel car to park for three hours. Council bosses expect to bring in around £300,000 extra a year from the changes to short-stay parking for cars and vans. Mr O’Driscoll added that diesel usage in Westminster dropped by 14 percent after a RingGo EBP was launched recently. A further nine percent drop of diesel vehicles was seen in Hammersmith and Fulham. It is estimated that this will lead to 400,000 journeys under three kilometres being scrapped every year. He continued: “With average emissions of 150g CO2/km, this totals a reduction of 180 Tonnes of CO2 per year in just one borough. “In addition, following the three years since implementation, Central London has seen a 44 percent drop in nitrogen dioxide emissions, showing a positive impact both pre-and post-ULEZ. “Incentivising usage of the greenest vehicles needs to be managed carefully, and schemes with flexibility encoded into them help ensure that this is a smooth, piecemeal process.”