Next Level Chef host Gordon Ramsay, 56, is reportedly facing renovation nightmares instead of his usual Kitchen Nightmares, as builders have had no choice but to work on his family home with handheld tools amid a national shortage of materials. According to the planning application, work was due to be completed on Gordon’s £7million mansion last month. However, new pictures of the chef’s work-in-progress property prove that the renovations are not even close to being finished. In recent photos, the four-bed home in southwest London still looks like a building site. The detached property is covered in scaffolding and tarpaulin, and the front garden is seemingly covered in building materials. Due to the tricky circumstances, Gordon moved into a stunning five-bedroom home in London, which he purchased from Matt Hancock’s girlfriend Gina Coladangelo, 45, and her estranged husband Oliver Tress. READ MORE... Carol Vorderman turns heads in eye-popping video Gordon and his wife Tana are believed to have paid for the property in cash, according to the Daily Mail’s Richard Eden. Zoopla had listed Gina’s old home as up to £4.75million in value. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Gordon for comment. Gina and Oliver Bonas founder Mr Tress moved into the home in 2015 after getting married in 2009. Prior to MP Mr Hancock’s stint on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, Gina left Mr Tress for the former Health Secretary. The former couple then moved out of the property, which Gordon has just snapped up. Gordon was granted planning permission in July 2021 to increase the size of his west London home’s basement, adding an en-suite bedroom, while renovating the interior. Plans include adding a master bedroom with a dressing room, which takes up an entire floor. DON'T MISS:Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death Gordon also wants to add a gym, wine store, study, plant room, boot room, and shower room to his mansion. The current ground floor is in the process of being demolished and will be replaced by a modern, mostly glass, design, featuring an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room. The first floor of Gordon and Tana’s home, which used to have three bedrooms, is being converted into a "super-bedroom" covering the entire floor with a sprawling walk-in dressing room. The transformed first floor will also have two ensuite bathrooms. The second floor will have three en-suite bedrooms. Gordon’s planned renovations are set to add 76 square metres to the home to make 635 square metres. Unfortunately for the TV presenter, his construction team have had no option but to work on the renovations at a slower pace. The builders have been restricted to 'non-machinery' tools for parts of the property, due to the home being in a conservation area and surrounded by historic trees. A report states that work around these zones should be “undertaken separate to construction, manually and sensitively”. It also stipulates that any demolition or excavation work should be “undertaken manually with hand-held non-mechanical tools”.