The Dog House returned to Channel 4 for its fourth series on Thursday evening and it wasn't long before fans started getting tearful. Viewers were introduced to deaf parents Hannah and Craig who hoped they could find the perfect dog for their boys Oliver and Felix. The couple revealed their eldest son Oliver wanted a dog as a "protector" to help him sleep better as he was often up all night worrying about them.  Brothers Oliver and Felix wanted a dog with a mischievous side and their parents thought a pooch would make a great addition to the family. When they stepped into Woodgreen Pets Charity, in Cambridgeshire, to be greeted by the team, Oliver said he was keen on having a crossbreed. The staff at the trust felt a cheeky cockapoo puppy called Percy could be the perfect fit for their family. He was sadly given up by his owners at just 11 weeks old as their lifestyles had changed. Oliver admitted he struggled to sleep at night as he was usually wide awake worrying about his deaf parents. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage   He feared they would not be able to hear a fire alarm during the night, which is one of the reasons he found it hard to relax. "I think a dog would make me fall asleep straight away as I'd feel like I'd have that protection," Oliver admitted. "Because sometimes I go into Felix's room, and I don't mind that." The team thought it would be "lovely to find him a dog he could have that special bond with". Craig later broke down in tears as he felt bad about Oliver's concerns and wanted to help.  When Oliver and his family were introduced to a bouncy and hyper Percy it appeared to be love at first sight. Oliver felt comfortable lying on the ground as Percy jumped on him and licked his face. Felix also adored the young puppy and the boys asked their parents if they could take Percy home. The parents agreed and were thrilled to welcome the pooch into their family home. DON'T MISS...The Dog House star feared ‘it was hopeless’ trying to re-home pup [LATEST]Heartbreaking photos capture emergency rescue of over 75 dogs [UPDATE]The Dog House star issues 'important' rehoming advice to consider [INSIGHT] Oliver and his family left viewers blubbing, with a tearful Anna tweeting: "I can’t even watch The Dog House why am I already crying! I love this family." Isabel Harris said: "#Thedoghouse. So beautiful. Tonight was the best episode of The Dog House. "It's just blissful and so restorative to watch the positive effect that dogs can have on people's emotions and well-being. Love this show very much indeed." (sic) Mike Jones shared with crying emojis: "#TheDogHouse is such a lovely show; a beautiful story about the deaf parents and their new puppy; and I’m not a dog person." (sic)  Bonnie said: "I'm crying already lol, I’m pathetic #thedoghouse." Abi said: "It only took me 45 minutes and I am crying at #thedoghouse every single time." A thrilled Kirsten penned: "Yay, Percy has found a lovely home! #TheDogHouse." The Dog House continues next Thursday on Channel 4 at 8pm. 