The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to "find a reason not to go" to King Charles' coronation, although they are expected to be invited despite Prince Harry's bombshell memoir. It would be very "hard for them" to attend, a royal source who is close to the family said, after "what has been said". The coronation is set for May 6 and questions have been raised as to whether the couple would attend given recent events.  The event will see Charles officially crowned as King following the death of his mother, Queen Elizabeth II in September. Sources say that hopes for reconciliation with the Sussexes are limited while the Duke of Sussex remains "kidnapped by a cult of psychotherapy and Meghan". A royal source told the Independent the King does not expect his son to attend his event on May 6. The source explained that the family will expect the Sussexes to politely provide a reason not to attend.  "The family will extend the invitation but it would be very hard for Harry and Meghan to be there given everything that has been said in the interviews and the book. "The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there," the source told The Independent. The plans for the coronation have been kept under wraps for now, with the guest list not finalised. Organisers said the event will "reflect the monarch's role today" and "look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry". READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila  Harry has said he wants to reconcile with his brother and father, but with new allegations from his memoir, this seems unlikely. The Duke accused William of physically attacking him and described Camilla, Queen Consort, as the "villain" as he "begged" his father not to marry her. Senior royals do not believe that reconciliation will be possible while Prince Harry remains effectively "kidnapped by a cult of psychotherapy and Meghan", the source added. Harry also spoke of a "rivalry" between Kate and Meghan which added to "tensions" amongst the family.