Newcastle 'really love' James Maddison and have drawn up a plan to sign the Leicester midfielder, according to reports. That plan is not likely to be set in motion until the end of the season. Newcastle had a couple of bids for Maddison rejected by Leicester last summer. The Magpies were prepared to pay £50million for the England international but the Foxes stood firm. However, Maddison has entered the final 18 months of his contract at the King Power Stadium. Leicester may be forced to sell this summer in order to prevent the risk of losing him for free. Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has been linked with a move to St James' Park. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Maddison is higher up Eddie Howe's list of priorities. Milinkovic-Savic could extend his contract at Lazio. But Romano reckons Newcastle will launch an attack for Maddison this summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  He told WettFreunde: "I think Milinkovic-Savic will stay at Lazio until the end of the season. Newcastle's priority is Leicester's James Maddison. "They really love him but it probably won't be possible to sign him in January. I think they will attack the Maddison situation again in the summer. "Lazio want to extend Milinkovic-Savic's contract so it will be very difficult to sign him but he is a very good player. In my opinion he is very underestimated." Maddison, 26, had a fine start to the season. He registered seven goals and four assists in the first 13 Premier League games. However, he took a knee injury into the World Cup, where he didn't play a single minute, and hasn't played for Leicester since. Newcastle's late win over Fulham on Sunday ensured they remained in third spot after the weekend's action. DON'T MISSMan Utd set for bidding war as Jim Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure  Howe is yet to make a single signing in the January window. But he admits they are keeping an eye on opportunities that arise. Howe said: "We’re working hard at the moment on staying in contact with the market and looking at players and doing a lot of work. We’re not imminently close to signing anybody. "We’re not actively bidding for players at the moment. I think we're looking at all positions. "I know that's not the answer you want but we are very much casting our eye over a number of positions because you know things can change so quickly. So there's possibly one or two areas of the squad I'd look at and say we're probably lighter in that area than others but as always I like to keep these things internal."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 