Chelsea staff believe January arrival Noni Madueke can become ‘world-class’, according to reports. The England U21 winger has been signed in a £26million transfer from PSV, and Blues officials believe he can go all the way to the top of the game. Madueke - a former Crystal Palace and Tottenham academy prospect - is a key part of Chelsea’s expensive overhaul. The 20-year-old adds depth to the wide positions and can also play through the middle. PSV had been keen to keep Madueke for the remainder of the season. But Chelsea made an offer the Eredivisie club could not refuse, sealing one of their six January transfer window arrivals. And it has now emerged just how much Chelsea staff rate the attacker. There is a genuine belief at Cobham that Madueke can become ‘world-class’ over the coming years. JUST IN: Chelsea chiefs prepare two massive offers including new Fernandez bid That is according to football.london, who report that the Stamford Bridge hierarchy moved quickly to sign Madueke after completing the £88m signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk. PSV were determined to keep their best young player after letting Cody Gakpo leave for Liverpool earlier this month. Madueke is a direct dribbler who most often operates on the right wing, cutting inside onto his left foot. He left Spurs for PSV aged 16 and flourished in the Dutch top-flight, scoring 20 goals in 80 appearances. “He’s an exciting player and brings a left-footed attacking option for us and competition in that area of the pitch. He’s a young player that has had a good start in his career, accumulated games at a big club in Holland, and he’s ready to take the next step,” Chelsea boss Graham Potter said of Madueke. DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo in nine biggest transfer unveiling fails of all-timeChelsea ace Mudryk backed to surpass Hazard after exciting debutTransfer news LIVE - Chelsea revisit Fernandez, Arsenal deal agreed “We need to help him make that step and adjust to life with us and the Premier League. He’s an exciting player and I think our supporters will like him.” Madueke could make his debut in Chelsea’s west London derby against Fulham on February 3. Should he start, he could line up alongside fellow January buy Mudryk, who produced an eye-catching cameo in his debut against Liverpool on Saturday. Mudryk impressed against the Reds following his blockbuster switch from Shakhtar Donetsk. The 22-year-old is a contender to make his full debut for the Blues when they face Fulham, and a wide pairing of the Ukrainian and Madueke will no doubt excite supporters.