Regular exercise coupled with a healthy diet is a surefire approach to weight loss. Shedding visceral fat, however, may not require such strenuous measures. There is evidence that caring for the gut could be key to restoring metabolic balance. Some studies even suggest that by promoting healthy gut bacteria, supplements may significantly reduce abdominal fat within 60 days. Mounting evidence suggests prebiotics and probiotic supplements may represent viable options for addressing inflammation and chronic diseases. Prebiotics are defined as a group of nutrients that feed the gut microbiota, a system of micro-organisms in a person’s gastrointestinal system. They work by changing the composition of the gut microbiome for the better and by supporting the immune system, explains Holland and Barrett. Probiotics, which are live organisms, help maintain a healthy balance by aiding digestion and improving stomach-relating concerns. READ MORE: Eating dark green vegetables could help shed visceral fat - expert The results showed: “Compared to placebo, prebiotic/probiotic supplements was associated with a 35 percent reduction in visceral adipose tissue, but no change in body weight or overall percent body fat.” More specifically, the prebiotic/probiotic group had a significant reduction in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) at 60 days (37 percent) and 35 percent at 90 days. In comparison, individuals receiving a placebo had a “slight, nonsignificant increase" increase in VAT during the course of the study. Other significant results emerged, showing reduced systemic inflammation and chronic disease risk among supplement takers. READ MORE: Fruity drink could help ‘significantly’ reduce visceral fat - study The researchers explained: “The key findings support that 90-day prebiotic/probiotic supplementation may be associated with reduced adipose tissue inflammation, reduced systemic inflammation and reduced chronic disease risk. “Combined with the unexpected findings of reduced visceral adipose tissue, this intervention may have resulted in improved overall health and reduced chronic disease risk." One well-established characteristic of both prebiotic and probiotic supplements is their anti-inflammatory effects. This is important for tackling visceral obesity, and it “plays a vicious role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome, a cluster of metabolism disorders […]".