Damar Hamlin’s charity has raised over $8 million in an incredible show of support for the Buffalo Bills safety after he suffered a cardiac arrest on the field. The entire sporting world has banded together to united behind Hamlin, who is reportedly recovering impressively after the traumatic events on Monday Night Football. During the crucial match between the Bills and Bengals, Hamlin collapsed on the turf midway through the first quarter. The 24-year-old fell after making a tackle on Tee Higgins and had to be revived on the field before he was rushed to the University of Cincinnati hospital. The match was understandably suspended as no players were in the right state to continue playing, and afterwards there was a massive show of support for Hamlin and his family. On Thursday, University of Cincinnati Health physicians Dr. Timothy Pritts and Dr. William Knight announced Hamlin began to wake up that morning, while they confirmed his neurological function was intact. On Friday, the Bills revealed the physicians at UCMC confirmed Hamlin’s breathing tube had been removed overnight and the safety has reportedly spoken to his family, his care team and Bills teammates ahead of their final match of the regular season on Sunday. The Bills can clinch the first seed in the AFC with a win over the New England Patriots. READ MORE: Damar Hamlin first words to NFL team after waking from cardiac arrest Other than Hamlin’s recovery, the best news to come out of this horrible incident is the ever-increasing total of contributions to his foundation, The Chasing M's Foundation Community Toy Drive. The fund has exceeded $8.2m and keeps growing. At time of writing, the top donors include Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay, who donated $25,003 while Patriots owner Robert Kraft donated $18,003. Kraft decided to donate the amount because the number 18 signifies life in the Jewish faith. Another donor - or a fan posing as the NFL legend - named ‘Robert Gronkowski’ donated $6,900, which is entirely on brand with the former tight end’s immature mentality. Other major donors include the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ($15,000), Matthew Stafford ($12,000) and Tom Brady ($10,000). DON'T MISSTampa Bay Buccaneers ace on how Damar Hamlin horror affects his gameNFL star axed by team after announcing he won't sign new contractTom Brady's NFL rival could scupper Las Vegas Raiders free agency move Ahead of the final week in the 2022 regular season, the NFL announced a number of gestures to support Hamlin as he begins his road to recovery, with all 32 teams encouraged to read a special message before kickoff as a unified show of solidarity for the Buffalo safety. Meanwhile, the Bills revealed they are set to wear special jersey patches displaying the no.3 - Hamlin’s jersey number - when they face the Patriots on Sunday. The NFL have also allowed teams to outline the ’3’ at each 30-yard line marker in the Bills’ iconic blue or red colours. Finally, all players will be permitted to wear black Nike t-shirts that display the message: “Love for Damar 3.”