Research by Bounce has found the UK’s most romantic city for a staycation. It’s good news for seaside fans as the loved up spot is on the British coast. READ MORE: 'Off the beaten track' holiday destinations to visit in 2023 Brighton topped the table as the most romantic destination for couples in the UK, beating out historical York and Bath. According to Bounce’s research, the city has plenty of romantic activities, romantic restaurants and hotels and costs an average of £242 for a two night stay. A stroll along Brighton beach at sunset followed by fish and chips at a beach restaurant could be the perfect couples’ evening. Brighton’s incredible Royal Pavilion was constructed as a seaside pleasure palace for King George IV. The ornate building and its Regency Garden is the perfect place to spend a romantic afternoon. After exploring, couples could wander Brighton’s Lanes and pick up a unique purchase at one of the area’s boutiques. Bounce added: “The seaside resort is renowned for its diverse community, vibrant music and art scene.” York took the second place on the list and came in at around £372 on average for a two night stay. READ MORE: Cruise dress code warning - it ‘won’t be allowed’ The historical city is home to York Minster, which was recently named England’s most beautiful building. Couples could wander the city’s walls and visit Bettys Tearoom for a traditional afternoon tea or bun. The city is also famous for chocolate and some of the UK’s favourite brands such as Terry’s were born in York. Another historical city came in third place on the list. Bath was more expensive than the other two top breaks at £452 for a two night stay on average. History fans can visit the city’s baths or couples could book a retreat at one of the city’s famous spas. Canterbury took the fourth spot while Edinburgh topped the list in Scotland at fifth place in the UK rankings. Oxford, Chester, Manchester, Lincoln and Liverpool were also good choices for a romantic staycation in 2023. Manchester was also named one of the best destinations in the world for 2023 by Lonely Planet.