A chilling set of images reveal the wrecked party boat where guests of Al Capone once enjoyed boozy evenings during 1920s-era Prohibition. Before becoming a gangster's paradise, The Keuka was a lumber barge built in the 1889 - by 1928, nearly a decade into prohibition, it was converted into a floating dance hall where booze flowed and bands played. However, The Keuka's bad luck caught up with it and the ship sank in 1932. Now divers Chris Roxburgh and Lee Rosenberg have documented the wrecked ship lying at the bottom of Lake Charlevoix, Michigan. "Starting the year off with some great wreck dives with Lee Rosenberg," Chris Roxburgh, who took the photographs, said on his Facebook page. "The water was very cold at 34 degrees Fahrenheit on the Kueka shipwreck in Lake Charlevoix. The Keuka was a 200 foot long tow barge that was used by Al Capone’s men in the prohibition days for a speakeasy."  Al Capone had several hideouts in northern Michigan - a short drive from Chicago and a hotbed for smuggling booze across the Great Lakes from Canada. "You can just kind of envision what may have been going on there, the dance scene, the bar, I heard there was even gambling on it as well," Roxburgh told local outlet Up North Live. He said: "You know, all the fun stuff. In particular though, just the fact that it's such a large ship [makes it] cool to swim through it and around it. It's still intact so, to have a ship that large this intact at 50-feet deep is rare as well." The two-story high, 200 foot-long vessel at the bottom of the lake has long open areas and light casts eerie shadows throughout the wreck.  READ MORE: Wreck of lost steamship that sunk with nearly 200 lbs in gold found However, the water is clear and the ship is still largely intact, according to Roxburgh who said that during the summer it would be possible to snorkel and see the top of the wreck. The Keuka was perfect for boozy evenings during Prohibition as its position in the centre of Lake Charlevoix meant that police coming to break up the party could be seen a long way off. However, now the only visitors (besides curious divers) are the schools of bass that live in the ship's bow. Before it sank, the boat was in such a state of disrepair that it needed to be pumped out daily by a man who is rumoured to have been paid in whiskey. The Keuka's luck began to run dry in 1931 when a manager was shot in the stomach after attempting to break up a, surely drunken, fight.  DON'T MISS:Woman trapped in the body of an 8-year-old lays bare new love interest [ANALYSIS]A mother and her boys were found frozen to death in a field [INSIGHT]Body of missing mum, 43, found wrapped in plastic in shallow grave [REPORT] In 1932, the ship finally sank, becoming a unique destination for divers looking for a behemoth wreck in clear waters just 50-feet below the surface. How the ship sank is unclear, although it was far from completely seaworthy. Some have speculated that a rouge chapter of the Women’s Christian Temperance Union sabotaged the ship. Regardless, a newspaper account from the time claimed that within a few hours of riding high in the water, The Keuka lay at the bottom of the Lake Charlevoix. 