A special appeal has been launched to find loving homes for five elderly rescue dogs. The pooches are currently in the care of Oldies Club, which rescues dogs aged seven and over. The charity has made a special appeal and is urging people to consider adopting an older dog rather than taking on a puppy. Oldies Club chairman Carolyn Astbury said: "Many of our dogs have come into our care due to the loss of their owner or because their owner has had to move to accommodation that won't allow pets. "When someone is looking for a dog they often go after puppies or younger dogs and older dogs are often overlooked. Think of the benefits of an older dog. They are mostly house-trained, past the chewing stage and don't need hours and hours of exercise. What they do need is love, comfort and to feel wanted. "Some come into our care at a total loss after losing their owner and what better feeling could there be than bringing that spark back into their eyes. "Please never think that 'they won't last long I would be better off with a younger dog'. The pleasure they bring for however long they are with us is indescribable. Puppies will usually find a home fairly easily but it takes a special person to open their hearts and home to an oldie." Max is a 10-year-old Staffordshire Bull Terrier cross who is currently being fostered in Gloucestershire after being given up by his previous owners due to their work commitments. He had not been walked much before he came into the care of Oldies Club but now enjoys short strolls. Max enjoys getting lots of attention from humans, and can be puppy-like and excitable. His fosterer said: "He certainly doesn’t look 10 years old and his puppyish ways can be deceiving." He is looking for a home where his owners will be around most of the time to give him fuss. Rufus is a 10-year-old Staffordshire Bull Terrier cross. He came into rescue as he was not comfortable around the toddler in his previous home. He would prefer to be the only pet in the house but is fine meeting other dogs out on walks. Rufus, who is being fostered in Kent, is also looking for a home with no children with owners who have experience with the breed. He enjoys going for walks and would like a garden of his own. Rescuers say he will "continue to flourish" in the right home. Hooch is a nine-year-old Dogue de Bordeaux who was rescued after his previous owner could no longer care for him. He is described as affectionate and enjoys tummy rubs, human company and playing with his squeaky toys. Hooch, who is currently being fostered in Middlesex, needs a semi-rural home with a large garden and no other pets. At 42kg he is a big and strong dog but his fosterers say he is "beautiful inside and out". GoGo is a 13-year-old Staffordshire Bull Terrier who is in a foster home in Lincolnshire. She came into the care of Oldies Club having had no luck at a previous rescue. GoGo gets worried if she is left on her own so is looking for a home where she will always have human company. She is also deaf so needs owners who will be understanding. The 13-year-old is described as gentle and friendly, and could live with another dog or older children. Alfie is a Labrador cross Staffordshire Bull Terrier who is 10 years old and waiting at a foster home in Norfolk. He arrived at Oldies Club after his previous owners moved to accommodation where they could not have a pet. He is looking for a loving home where he is the only dog, but he likes to meet other pooches on walks. He is described as very affectionate and loves to be around people. He could live with older children. Alfie has a heart condition and new owners will need to continue his medication for the rest of his life. Find out more about Oldies Club here.