A nurse has described scenes of "panic" as she attended the Euston funeral that became the site of a suspected drive-by shooting on Saturday. Jo Ifghallal was among mourners at the funeral of Fresia Calderon, 50, and Sara Sanchez, 20, her son's girlfriend, when she said occupants of a black car opened fire. She said she remembered a "big detonation" and described the moment that left two young girls and four women injured in hospital. Ms Ifghallal said she was exiting St Aloysius Roman Catholic Church with the other mourners on January 14 when her son noticed a black car. Speaking to MyLondon, she said attendees left the church "dressed in white" and prepared to "release some doves" to commemorate the late mother and her daughter. The shooting happened at around 1.30pm as they waited, and following the "detonation" Ms Ifghallal remembered a woman "falling on the floor" and "panic". She added that panicked crowds rushed back into the church for cover, with people "holding children in their arms and trying to escape". READ MORE: Girl, 7, fights for life and 4 injured after shooting outside funeral Father Jeremy Trood described the incident from inside the church after he conducted the service. He said he "heard a bang" as people rushed into the safety of the building walls. Ms Ifghallal, a nurse, said she wanted to "go and help" the woman she saw fall to the floor, but she said her son pulled her back. Father Trood added that people were "very scared" and found shelter in the church. But shaken mourners struggled to gather the confidence to leave. Help arrived when a "lovely police officer" at the funeral called an ambulance and police. They quickly arrived on the scene and took two girls aged seven and 12, and four women aged 54, 48, 41, and 21, to hospital. While the 12-year-old-girl has since left with a minor injury, the seven-year-old was left fighting for her life. Metropolitan Police have launched an "urgent investigation" into the incident, with officers and forensics teams on the scene. But, while officers are yet to make any arrests in connection with the shooting, detectives are starting to clarify events. They believe the shots came from a moving vehicle, which occupants drove away from the scene. Met Superintendent Ed Wells condemned the "shocking" and "unacceptable" incident that shattered what should have been a peaceful Saturday afternoon. Mourners had gathered at the Euston church to celebrate the lives of Ms Calderon and her daughter, who had died just weeks apart. Colombian Ms Calderon died when she suffered a rare blood clot after arriving back in the UK from a trip to her home country. Ms Sanchez, a "proud British Colombian" fighting Leukaemia, died soon after. Ms Ifghallal said she died of "leukaemia and a broken heart" following the loss of her mother.