Dog owners should be careful after cases of a life-threatening canine disease have been recorded around the United Kingdom. Two new cases of Alabama rot, known medically as cutaneous and renal glomerular vasculopathy, have been reported this year, according to vetinary specialist clinic Anderson Moores. The warning comes after a couple in Berkshire were "heartbroken" by the death of their beautiful Labrador who was infected with the condition. The Labrador named Grace deteriorated rapidly after owners Simone and Sara Meloni found a lump on her chest. Simone, from West Berkshire, said:  "Grace was like a daughter to us, so it isn’t easy to accept she’s gone and gone so suddenly and tragically. She was young, only three years old, she was fit and she was powerful but this is such a dangerous disease and everything happens so fast. "One morning she was a little bit lame and while we were brushing and combing her we discovered a lump on her chest which was very sore. We took her straight to our local vets and they gave her pain relief and antibiotics, but the lump grew bigger and she started to decline very quickly. "She was eating less but vomiting a lot and we were very worried so took her back to the vets. On our third visit to the vets they said it could be a case of Alabama Rot, a very rare but very serious disease. We were shocked but wanted to try everything to try to save her, so they referred us to Anderson Moores Veterinary Specialists in Winchester but sadly Grace didn’t pull through. Alabama rot, which was first detected in the 1980s, was first spotted in the UK in 2012. It has a mortality rate of 90 percent. DON'T MISS: Missing walker's haunting words about 'spooky' path before vanishing To date, there have been 290 confirmed cases of the disease in areas around the UK including Reading, Wokingham and Hungerford. Scientists are unsure about how Alabama rot spreads, how to prevent it and how to cure it. The disease can only be confirmed after the dog dies because vets have no way of testing for it. Mr and Mrs Meloni said Grace was the only dog affected by the disease despite previously running and playing in a field where other dogs also go. "We keep asking ourselves ‘Why Grace?’. We live on a cottage on a farm working with racehorses and there must be 20 other dogs running and playing in the same fields, All the other dogs are OK and only Grace was affected, which is so hard to understand." Simone said. "We don’t want any other dog lovers to be left feeling that same sense of loss and pain. That’s why we’re telling our story, in the hope owners and vets across the country are alerted to the dangers."  Anderson Moores has been leading research since it was first discovered in the UK, with medic Josh Walker helping to lead the charge. Josh said: "We’re incredibly sorry to have to confirm Grace was a victim of CRGV. We have been at the forefront of research into CRGV for almost a decade and have witnessed first-hand the often-devastating effects of the disease. "Treatment largely revolves around management of the sudden onset of kidney failure and, sadly, with our current understanding of the disease, is only successful in around 10 per cent of cases. "We aim to give pet owners as much information as possible via our bespoke website. We hope the map of confirmed cases will also prove useful. Although an environmental trigger has not been definitively proven, the seasonality of the disease makes it eminently possible and our map allows anyone who visits the website to see the location of confirmed cases."  When the disease was first noticed in the US in greyhound dogs in the state of Alabama, Britain's dogs remained safe. But in 2012, it took its first victim. Most cases in Britain have been on the south coast of England but other cases have confirmed in the North-West of the country. Manchester, Dorset, Surrey, Devon and the New Forest are the areas with the highest number of confirmed cases. The disease does damage by blocking and damageing blood vessels in dogs skin and kidneys and often leaves the canines with unexplained ulcers or sores on their legs. It can eventually lead to kidney failure. Other symptoms of Alabama rot, according to the vets Medivet, include: