Elena Rybakina has been tipped to go on and win multiple Grand Slam titles despite losing the Australian Open final to Aryna Sabalenka from a set up. The 22nd seed was bidding to win her second Major in less than seven months but fell 4-6 6-3 6-4, though two former pros thought she would be just fine regardless of the result and go on to follow in the footsteps of players like Naomi Osaka.   Sabalenka defeated Rybakina in the Australian Open final to win her maiden Grand Slam title at the age of 24. While the 23-year-old was unable to win her second Major crown after being crowned last year’s Wimbledon champion, she became the first player to take a set off the world No 5 this year and leaves Melbourne full of confidence. And it appears the world No 25 has every reason to believe she can bounce back from the defeat, as Jim Courier and Jelena Dokic predicted she would win multiple Grand Slam titles ahead of Saturday’s final regardless of the result. “What does the future hold for her - two Majors? Is she going to win five? Where's the ceiling for her?” Courier questioned while commentating on her semi-final win over Victoria Azarenka. Former world No 4 Dokic was quick to back the Wimbledon champion to end her career with at least three Grand Slam titles, which would see her join the likes of Iga Swiatek and Simona Halep on three or Osaka on four. “I see someone that is a multiple Grand Slam champion,” the six-time title winner said.  JUST IN: Becker began strange Aus Open craze after title win by diving in river  “Maybe five, six Slams. I definitely see more than two. It will depend on the injuries. But if she stays healthy, definitely.” And Dokic also compared her to current world No 1 Swiatek, who was the most dominant force on the WTA Tour last year - losing just nine matches and going on a 37-match winning streak. She continued: “I see her dominating together with Iga Swiatek over the next five to eight years, no doubt about that.” And Rybakina herself is feeling good about the future after the thrilling three-set final. “I mean, now I have more confidence of course even after this final,” she said after falling to Sabalenka. “Yeah, I just need to work hard, same as I did during pre-season and actually throughout the years, be healthy, and for sure the results are going to come.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos TsitsipasNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retireAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioning The Kazakh - who will make her top 10 debut on Monday - also thought that the match itself was a high-quality encounter after she hit 31 winners to 25 unforced errors while Sabalenka ended with a 51 to 28 ratio. The runner-up explained: “I think the quality of the match was good. “It was a very powerful game from both of us. Well, I think it's just, as I said, not many powerful players there is on tour. Maybe this kind of pushing the other players to be more aggressive. Also conditions are all the time different.” 