Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott placed his support firmly behind Brett Maher after the kicker’s horrific performance against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the NFL playoffs. Prescott referenced his own shocking performance a week ago against the Washington Commanders before bouncing back and inspiring the Cowboys to the Divisional Round. On Monday night, Tom Brady’s Buccaneers were comprehensively defeated 31-14 by the Dallas Cowboys to end the iconic quarterback’s 23rd NFL season. Meanwhile, the visitors were jubilant as Prescott threw for 305 yards and four touchdowns to lead the Cowboys to a monumental victory in spite of Maher’s off day. According to Elias Sports Bureau, Maher became the first kicker to miss four extra points in a regular season or postseason game since the statistic was first tracked for individual players in 1932. While the Cowboys secured a dominant win, many were relieved when Maher connected on his fifth extra-point try after missing the first four. It stopped a streak of five successive misses after Maher missed against the Commanders in the regular season finale. READ MORE: NFL fans call on Tom Brady to retire after Tampa Bay Buccaneers loss Maher missed both left and right as the Cowboys offence continued to find the end zone. The 33-year-old appeared to be in shock from the start of the postseason clash after he pushed his first effort wide following Prescott’s touchdown pass to Dalton Schultz - but the quarterback stuck up for his kicker after the game. “I’m Money Maher's biggest fan,” Prescott said. “Obviously I've been shown the video of me, and that's just emotion. That's part of it. But I talked to him individually, just told him after the game, 'Hey, let that go. We're gonna need you.’ “I mean, I just played like s*** a week ago. That happens. But when you believe in each other, when you believe in what we're capable of doing. Knowing what that guy's done, the resiliency he's shown throughout his career, personally, no doubt that he'll come back next week and be perfect and help us win.” DON'T MISSRob Gronkowski opens up on NFL comeback and admits he held talksRavens star claims Lamar Jackson 'would've won' against BengalsMiami Dolphins make Tagovailoa call impacting Tom Brady's NFL future Maher’s form clearly affected play calls, with head coach Mike McCarthy opting against a 35-yard field goal on fourth down and four in favour of a pass. Prescott found CeeDee Lamb for an 18-yard touchdown, which allowed Maher to make his first - and only - PAT. In his fourth season with the Cowboys, Maher has never missed four PATs in a regular season. He missed three this past year, converting 50 of a league-high 53 attempts. Heading into the clash with Buccaneers, the Cowboys hadn’t won a road playoff game since 1992 when they defeated the 49ers 30-20 in the NFC Championship Game. The Cowboys will face the 49ers at Levi’s Stadium in San Francisco on Sunday.