One person has died and four others have been injured after gunmen opened fire outside a nightclub in the city of Houston in Texas. More than 50 shots were fired just after 2am local time on Sunday morning, with the suspects reportedly wearing ski masks and firing AK-47 rifles. Authorities claimed the shooters exited a vehicle and opened fire on people in the car park of the club, Lounge 33. Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez said: "It looks like over 50 shots were fired here, which is a very scary situation." The Houston Chronicle reported that the shooters wore ski masks and began firing "in a concentrated area near the front of the club". Mr Gonzalez noted that a food truck had been spotted near the scene, adding: "This is pretty potent stuff that we are seeing out here on the streets.  "We believe there may have been a vehicle that pulled up right around the 2am time frame. "There were multiple people inside the vehicle, exited the vehicle, and began opening fire upon the patrons that were outside of the club at the time." At least one AK-47 assault rifle is thought to have been used in the attack.  READ MORE: The 'doctor' who starved her patients... and then herself All victims are thought to be in their 20s, with one man succumbing to his wounds. Another man and three women remain injured, although the current state of their condition is not known. Police have yet to identify the shooters and are appealing for any witnesses to come forward if they know anything about the incident. DON'T MISS:Brits brace for commuter chaos amid heavy rain and 3 yellow warnings [LATEST]Diana's therapist claims 'all families fight' amidM Harry's memoir [REVEAL]Boy, 6, thrown from Tate Modern makes 'considerable progress' [REPORT]  Houston has seen a number of recent shootings involving high-velocity assault rifles. Last November, police engaged in a shootout with a man reportedly wielding an AK-47 type weapon. In March 2022, a couple in North Houston were carjacked by a pair of men with AK-47s. 