Newcastle are reportedly confident they can seal a deal for Everton star Anthony Gordon before the January transfer window closes, but have a contingency plan in place if they cannot complete a transfer for the England under-21 forward. Eddie Howe has been looking to add another forward to his squad after sanctioning Chris Wood’s exit to Nottingham Forest and Gordon may be the versatile attacking player that would fit the bill. The Telegraph have claimed that Newcastle are growing in confidence that they can beat Chelsea to a deal for Gordon, as the 21-year-old is keen on a move to St James’ Park. The Magpies are hoping to take advantage of Everton’s fragile financial situation as the side that recently sacked Frank Lampard are facing Financial Fair Play concerns should they get relegated from the Premier League this season. Newcastle had a £35million bid turned down by Everton in the summer, who also shot down interest from Chelsea in the form of a £50m offer. The Toffees are so far sticking to their £60m valuation of Gordon, though Howe’s outfit will hope that the asking price will begin to drop as the transfer deadline gets closer. While Gordon and his team-mate Amadou Onana have reportedly missed training on Tuesday following Lampard’s sacking, as the Belgian has also been linked with a move away from Goodison Park, though they are said to be planned absences according to Sky Sports. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE If Everton do not budge from the £60m price tag, Newcastle have identified Hakim Ziyech as their backup option as Howe has identified the need for more attacking reinforcements. The Moroccan star has recently got back into the starting lineup under Graham Potter, though following recent Blues additions in the form of Mykhaylo Mudryk, Joao Felix and Noni Madueke, Ziyech may feel that he would be able to play more regularly in the north-east. The report states that Ziyech could even join Newcastle on loan with an option to buy, though they would likely have to cover the 29-year-old’s entire wages as his salary demands have been a stumbling block for Italian clubs, including Jose Mourinho’s Roma, in their pursuit of the winger. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Howe reiterated the need for more attacking signings after Newcastle’s 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace. “As a manager, you always want more options. "I’ve got no issue with the squad, strength or size,” he said. "The point I was making yesterday was if we get injuries, we’d be very light. “We’re keen to do business and keen to bring a player that can hopefully help us but as we know in this window, there are no guarantees that will happen. We want to sign a player. Yeah, for sure. I’ve been preparing for this game so I don’t have any fresh updates.”