  Iain Stirling, 34, has insisted that the 2023 Love Island cast are “genuine people” after some islanders suggested that someone in the villa is “faking” their reasons for being there. The Scottish presenter spoke about the hit ITV show on BBC Radio 1 today.      Iain spoke to Greg James about Love Island and his new show Buffering on Radio 1 this morning. Asked if he’s been enjoying the series so far, Iain confirmed: “Do you know what man? I really am, actually. “They seem like a really genuine bunch of people,” he added enthusiastically. “It’s just about to kick off, isn’t it?” Greg asked, to which Iain responded: “It’s on the precipice, my friend.     “Oh my god, we’ve all been at a house party where you’re like, ‘Okay, home time now.’ That’s what it feels like.” Two days ago, things got heated in the Love Island villa during a game of Never Have I Ever, when islander Tanyel Revan asked if anyone was faking their feelings on the show. “Never have I ever thought that someone around this fire pit was playing a game and not really looking for love,” she said with a giggle. At this point the camera zoomed in on the faces of Olivia Hawkins and Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown, both of whom looked tense.      Olivia, Shaq Muhammad, Kai Fagan and Aussie bombshell Jessie Wynter all took a sip, while Zara also paused before drinking, as she said: “Actually, you know what? Yeah, maybe.” Shaq said: “I feel like this person is forcing it with every single person just to stay in the villa.” As the islanders around him gasped, he was asked whether he could reveal who it was he was talking about, but he declined. “I think this person is in here for the clout and to stay relevant,” Kai added. READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS]      Speaking in the Love Island beach hut later, Olivia confessed: “Mine would have been Zara. I have made my feelings known that I do think she might be playing a bit of a game. “Maybe she is genuine but it’s just a few things I’ve seen, heard, been told… That make me feel that way.” Following an angry row between love rivals Zara and Olivia over footballer Tom Clare, the pair appeared to squash their beef yesterday by “agreeing to disagree”. Fans have also accused the show of manufacturing the argument the two women had, after it has been revealed that they knew each other before entering the villa.      After eagle-eyed fans spotted Zara and Olivia had left comments on one another’s Instagram posts, it was discovered that they had both starred in the same music video. In unearthed footage for RnB singer Dapz's music video Take Me Away, both girls were seen chilling out by the pool in bikinis at a staged house party in the Hollywood Hills. Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm. Express.co.uk have contacted ITV for comment. Radio 1 Breakfast with Greg James returns tomorrow at 7am on BBC Radio 1.   