NFL star Damar Hamlin’s collapse may be due to an undiagnosed condition - and the underlying cause will indicate whether he can return to professional sport, cardiologists have told Express.co.uk. The 24-year-old Buffalo Bills player collapsed on his back after making an open tackle during a Monday night game, aired at primetime on US TV.   He was transported out of the stadium in an ambulance and doctors have since confirmed he is in a critical condition after suffering a cardiac arrest. While the details of Hamlin's health are not yet clear, the incident is part of a tragic history of athletes suffering cardiac events during sports matches. Dr Jayne Morgan, a cardiologist at Piedmont Hospital, told Express.co.uk Hamlin “likely suffered a cardiac arrhythmia causing collapse after sudden blood loss”. "It could be due to an undiagnosed cardiomyopathy (enlarged heart), congenital heart disease, heart attack, or even a blow to the chest at exactly the wrong angle,” Dr Morgan said.       She added that other causes could be a sudden lung blood clot or brain haemorrhage but the most likely cause is a malignant arrhythmia of the heart. A study published by the American College of Cardiology stated there are approximately 100 to 150 sudden cardiac deaths each year during competitive sports in the US alone. The most high-profile recent case involved Danish footballer Christian Eriksen collapsing during his country's European championship match against Finland in 2021. Dozens of other such incidents have occurred in the past few decades, some of them fatal.     Dr Pezad Doctor, an expert in Pediatric Cardiology at UT Southwestern Medical Centre, believes the most likely cause, common in young athletes, is due to undiagnosed hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. He told Express.co.uk: "There have been many reports of athletes dying on the field that are horrifying and unfortunate. The most common cause in healthy athletes is due to undiagnosed hypertrophic cardiomyopathy which basically is a genetic condition of the heart where the heart muscle is very thick. "This architecture of the heart is prone to develop fatal arrhythmias or obstruction of blood flow to the body at peak exercise causing 'heart attack'." He said the annual incidence of sudden cardiac death in athletes is approximately ‘1 to 2/200,000’, meaning there is less than a 0.02 percent chance of it happening.     But during the rare occasions, the most common first-line therapy is the initiation of manual chest compressions and seeking an automated external defibrillator (AED), Mr Doctor said. The cardiology expert said the underlying cause of Hamlin's sudden cardiac arrest will determine whether he can return to the sport if he recovers. He said: "Athletes like Damar Hamlin go through rough psychological and physical setbacks when they suffer sudden cardiac arrest during play. It is important to identify the underlying cause of his sudden cardiac arrest. "An implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD ) is a small device that can be placed in the heart by a cardiologist that can abort sudden cardiac arrest if it was to happen again. However, not all athletes are recommended this and it ultimately depends on the underlying cause of the sudden cardiac arrest.” Hamlin’s family say they are "deeply moved" by support from fans and the public following his collapse. The NFL suspended the game between the Bills and the Cincinnati Bengals for the night. It will not be resumed this week. 