With the Bank of England Base Rate resting at nearly a 40-year high of 3.5 percent, banks and building societies are now offering some of the highest interest rates on accounts seen in decades. Halifax is currently affording regular savers a 4.5 percent annual equivalent rate (AER), and people can get started with just £25. Regular savings accounts may be a good option for people looking to start building up a savings pot, as these accounts typically award some of the highest interest rates on the market and the terms tend to encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly with limited withdrawals. According to Halifax, its Regular Saver is “ideal” for savers who want to save between £25 and £250 every month by standing order or a bank transfer. The funds must reach the account by the 25th of every month and account holders must be UK residents that are aged 16 or over. The 4.5 percent interest rate is applied on balances of £1 or more for 12 months from the account opening. READ MORE: Banks offering customers 4.54% interest rate on savings accounts  The interest is then applied to the balance after the 12-month term, after which any money saved including interest will be transferred into Halifax’s Everyday Saver Account. The Regular Saver will then renew and savings can start again via that account. Withdrawals are not permitted within the 12-month term, however, the account can be closed prematurely. On the ever-increasing rate rises, Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest previously said: “Rapidly improving savings rates in the last few months of 2022 offered some good news for savers with rates hitting highs not seen in well over a decade. However, with double-digit inflation still with us, returns are still deeply negative in real terms. DON'T MISS: Mum shares savings challenge that can help you save £3,300 [EXPLAINED]Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Martin Lewis explains 'really good' saving tip to rack up over £600 [INSIGHT]    However, she noted: “For those whose savings are sitting in accounts with dismally low returns such as 0.5 percent, or worse 0.1 percent – a hangover from the era of ultra-low interest rates – now would be the time to secure a better deal.” But while the Halifax Regular Saver is offering an appealing deal, this isn’t the highest rate available on the market for regular savings accounts. According to money comparison site Moneyfacts’ Best Buys, Monmouthshire Building Society is currently topping the list with its Christmas Saver Bond (Issue 5) with an AER of 5.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £10 is required to open the account and up to £2,400 can be invested over the course of the year. READ MORE: Want to retire before state pension age - you'll need £1m pension  The account allows up to £200 to be deposited per calendar month and withdrawals are not permitted until October 1, 2023. If the account is closed before this date, it will not qualify for the 5.5 percent AER and instead, will earn interest calculated at 0.2 percent AER. The fixed term starts on the date the account is opened and interest is calculated on a daily basis on the balance in the account and paid on maturity. Placing second is NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver with an AER of 5.12 percent. The 5.12 percent interest rate is awarded to savings up to £5,000, after which a 0.5 percent will be awarded to figures from £5,001 and over.  There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. Placing third is Royal Bank of Scotland’s Digital Regular Saver with an AER of 5.12 percent. Like NatWest, the same interest rules apply to this bank account (5.12 percent paid up to £5,000, then 0.5 percent), interest is applied monthly, and unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. 