The ITV staple kicks off again next week for its winter edition, and although many are excited about fresh contestants and drama, many others have complained about the "lack of diversity" in the line-up, with several claiming the Love Island contestants are "copy and pasted" each year. Others have pleaded on social media for some "real people" to be signed up for the series, which draws in a largely young audience with each series. The show has released the first 10 faces to be taking part in this year's winter series. This was met with some strong criticism though, and fans have flooded social media to ask why there isn't more "diversity", especially when it comes to body size. While viewers have applauded producers of the show for including its first-ever partially sighted person, and a model with a skin condition, many have pointed out that body shapes remain the same as usual. Twitter user @csnowling28 wrote: "Another #LoveIsland where body diversity is nonexistent," along with two eye-rolling emojis. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry @christopherrh25 admitted: "Still waiting on a plus-size male to enter love island… #loveisland." "Still no girl over a size eight sigh #LoveIsland," @PippaFarley penned. @m3gii requested: "#loveisland can we please stop with these copy and paste people!! Get some real people in there ffs." (sic) @Rebecca_Lou_xx commented: "It’s about time Love Island chucked in a few girls who are mid-sized. Size 12 up to a size 16 and some guys with a dad bod for once. #Loveisland." @_ercol93 fumed: "Dunno why I was hoping for somebody diversity on #LoveIsland this time. "I hate commenting on looks but it's concerning when it's all Insta perfect, six packs and size 8/10's. Do they not realise the influence they have over young people? To teach them that is normal is not ok." (sic) @georgiaebayliss echoed the views, adding: "I wonder if love island will ever have a girl in who is above a size 10? I don’t watch it but every year they release the lineup and not one single girl is above a size 10. #loveisland." (sic) Others argued that there is a lack of BAME contestants, with this year's series including two black singletons. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford shut down by Loose Women guest over blunder [VIDEO]Jasmine Harman 'speechless' as A Place in the Sun duo joke 'divorce' [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' dark Lily grooming plot [THEORY] @davidbreauxx posted: "#loveisland they cast one black guy and girl every season and try to pair them up and j call it a day? I’m tired." (sic) As well as the main show, ITV will also air a spin-off show, Aftersun, which looks at the goings-on on the island. The sister series will be hosted by Made in Chelsea star Sam Thompson and former Love Islander Indiyah Polak. Fans will be able to listen in on people's takes on the new series, the stars and the potential relationships. Maya Jama is set to make her debut as the new presenter of the show after Laura Whitmore recently stepped down from the role. As the series continues to grow in popularity, ITV has decided to the contestants need extra protection and security. As part of its new duty of care measures, show bosses have hired armed security guards to watch over the contestants and crew. It has been recently reported that ITV was concerned about the safety of the contestants and has therefore increased security. This will include a security team who will be patrolling the Ludus Magnus villa 24/7 using night vision, CCTV, and alarm beams. Love Island returns on January 16 from 9pm on ITV2.