Scottish Gas has confirmed it will be giving customers the lowest-priced heat pump installation as it offers to assist households in lowering their emissions. The energy supplier is pricing installations at £499 but has promised to match anything lower offered by another company for a MCS accredited installation. Heat pumps are being considered by many businesses and households as the UK transitions to Net Zero and are thought to be a way of reducing energy bills long-term. This is equipment which is able to warm a home by transferring thermal energy from outside into circulating around a heating and hot water system. Energy experts have warned that the overall cost of installation for heat pumps could reach £35,000 depending on the home. However, Scottish Gas’ deal could significantly reduce the price of installation costs for families. Similar news was announced by British Gas last week with the supplier sharing that it will offer heat pump installations from £2,999 in England and Wales. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come It should be noted that the supplier’s £499 price tag includes the £7,500 Scottish Government grant through Home Energy Scotland. This comes as energy bills have risen by 27 percent since October 2022 even with existing Governments support in place. Supported by the new Heat Pump Heroes team, the Scottish Gas Heat Pump Advisory Service will offer assistance to customers during the installation process. For those unaware, Scottish Gas is the trading name of British Gas in Scotland and they are the same company. According to the energy supplier, this offering is being introduced to incentivize more people into changing to more energy-efficient technologies. As part of its Net Zero Index from 2022, Scottish Gas found there was uncertainty about low carbon heating compared to other energy efficiency products like insulation and solar panels. Homeowners were asked what they would replace their existing boiler with, with 37 percent admitting that they would get a similar gas or oil-fired boiler and only 14 percent sharing they would pick a heat pump. The current heat pump deal is applicable to the installation of standard air source heat pump up to 7Kw and a standard cylinder with a capacity up to 200L, as well as with mechanical and electrical installation. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing  On top of this, Scottish Gas is committed to offering additional support to customers by offering five years warranty after installation. Experts view heat pumps as a vital source in keeping the country on track to achieve net zero by 2050. This particular energy-efficient technology is considered 350 percent more efficient compared to the best boilers being 90 to 95 percent. Andrew Middleton, the managing director of Scottish Gas Net Zero, shared why heat pumps are useful tools in reducing costs for families and pushing people into becoming more environmentally conscious. He explained: “With the new £7,500 grant, the Scottish Government have demonstrated their strong commitment to supporting households move to low carbon heating. “Scottish Gas is just as committed to helping Scotland realise its Net Zero ambitions which is why we are proud to be offering the best priced heat pumps in the market, installed by the most experienced heating engineers. “Having installed over 2,300 heat pumps already, we have plenty of experience about what the process involves – from exploring whether your home is ready for a heat pump, to navigating the grant system – which is why we’re also launching our new Heat Pump Heroes service. “Our dedicated team of experts are on hand to help customers every step of the way, helping remove another barrier to adoption for our Scottish customers.”