On Wednesday, Camilla paid a visit to the University of Aberdeen's new Science Teaching Hub. King Charles' wife was in attendance to view demonstrations in the University's labs and meet staff and students. As she made her exit, Camilla, who is Chancellor of the University of Aberdeen, received a bouquet of flowers from Elspeth Cameron and Rosa Alexander, both aged four, from the Rocking Horse Nursery. This marks the new Queen's first appearance since Prince Harry's claims in his explosive memoir, and accompanying televised interviews. In his bomshell book, Harry spoke about his stepmother, whom married his father, King Charles III, in 2005. Describing her as "dangerous", Harry claimed that, prior to their wedding, he and his elder brother Prince William had begged their father not to marry Camilla. READ MORE: Harry undermines Anne's work as Prince slams 'rigged' hardest-working royal list In his book, Harry claimed that he had feared Camilla would be a "wicked stepmother". He also accused her of campaigning to become Queen. In Spare, Harry aimed a number of swipes at his stepmother, and as well as describing her as "dangerous", he also deemed her a "villain." During his promotional work for Spare, Harry sat-down for a number of televised interviews. In an interview with Anderson Cooper on CBS's 60 Minutes, which aired on January 8, Harry said: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. READ MORE: Harry's four-book deal 'shrouded in secrecy' after Duke smashes 'historic' new record "That made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." Following the CBS interview, and another for ITV with Tom Bradby, which aired on the same day, Harry later appeared on Good Morning America. DON'T MISS Prince Harry has done more damage to Royal Family than Andrew - poll (POLL)POLL – Should UK cities hold a vote on rented e-scooter ban? (POLL)'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow (REVEAL) Speaking of Camilla, Harry told the show that he did not think Camilla was a "wicked stepmother", and that he had a "huge amount of compassion for her." Of his father's affair with Camilla, Harry acknowledged his step mum "had a reputation, or an image, to rehabilitate." Claiming they had not spoken for a long time, Harry continued: "She's my stepmother. I don't look at her as an evil stepmother."