As MPs returned to Parliament today the gloom that hung over the government before the Christmas break appeared to have not been dissipated by any festive cheer. If anything, it was more miserable. It is perhaps little wonder that half a sceptical public do not believe Rishi Sunak will not be Prime Minister when Big Ben tolls for 2024. With a degree of gallows’ humour, one Tory MP said: “We have all come back and nothing has changed. We’re all still miserable.” And as recess ended all the signs inside and outside Parliament highlighted the problems for the man currently occupying 10, Downing Street. It was probably bad enough that Boris Johnson was asking a question of the government from the backbenches surrounded by a tight group of loyal supporters with mutterings that he should come back. Even before that, in a typically punchy interview with the Financial Times, Richard Tice, the erstwhile leader of Reform UK (previously known as the Brexit Party) was boasting about thousands of Tories switching to his party after Liz Truss was ditched last year. Well may he feel confident. Last week’s Techne tracker poll for Express.co.uk showed that Reform’s support had doubled to 8 percent since November while the Conservatives had hit a new low of 25 percent. The same polling showed 46 percent want a general election this year while 48 percent think Mr Sunak will not make 12 months. Meanwhile, in the presidential part of the poll, Sir Keir Starmer had almost doubled his lead over Sunak to nine points. Voters have had enough and while it is not Mr Sunak’s fault entirely, he has what seems to be an impossible mountain to climb. It is worth noting – as former cabinet minister Nadine Dorries is fond of pointing out – that when Boris Johnson was finally forced out of office over Partygate the Tories were just five points behind in the polls. Now they are 21 points behind according to Techne UK. READ MORE: Sefcovic can't contain his excitement as agreement reached with EU That’s what made Mr Sunak’s relaunch speech last week and interview with Laura Kuenssberg on Sunday so important. But the verdict among backbench Tory MPs coming into Parliament today was unenthusiastic, indifferent or downright hostile. One veteran backbencher who backed Sunak to be leader over the summer said: “I don’t know if he survives the year but I also don’t care.” Another said: “He’s got til May to sort it out and then we will see after the local elections.” One backbencher added: "In May if it all goes wrong people will say he's had nine months to turn it around ad he'll have to go." DON'T MISS Rejoin EU movement forced to look to Dragon's Den after Adonis quits [REVEAL] Rishi just reached for the life-raft, says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak ‘absolutely’ should enforce anti-strike laws – YOU VOTED [REACT] The five pledges last week don't seem to have cut the mustard. Some look at what was missing – levelling up, Brexit opportunities being two. Others just thought it was “pretty unambitious.” Several MPs just admitted it was a struggle to come back let along raise enthusiasm. “What are we even fighting for?” said one. Meanwhile, in Levelling Up questions in the Commons there was a warning shot from a heavyweight figure on the backbenches, former Home Secretary Priti Patel. Ms Patel opened off the first questions session with a pointed one on planning and housebuilding, a totemic issue for Tories. While fury over tax rises has grabbed the headlines there is equal anger among Conservative MPs and members over planning reform and housebuilding. Ms Patel’s question showed that a desperate U-turn to abandon targets on housebuilding made by Mr Sunak last year was not enough. MPs have pointed out that developers have permission for a million homes which have yet to be built and they are sitting on. They think ministers are allowing their communities to be blighted with empty planning permissions. It is also leading party donors to withhold money and has fuelled support for the Conservative Democratic Organisation founded by Lord Cruddas and fronted by Ms Patel with the aim of challenging the party leadership. Typical of the problem is Wisley in leafy Surrey where a party donor has threatened to pull support over a 2,000 home development. Mr Johnson was removed because of scandal. Ms Truss was kicked out because she crashed the markets. The only thing that might make Tory MPs hesitate again is that ditching a third Prime Minister in 12 months would really be curtains for them. Jacob Rees-Mogg is still going around urging colleagues to be loyal while disagreeing with Sunak’s policies. But there is a faint glimmer of hope. Starmer’s speech was “even less inspiring” than Sunak’s and not helped by the sound turning off halfway through. The question is whether Sunak can capitalise.  Boris Johnson was also looming large on the backbenches yesterday in levelling up questions surrounded by a group of his supporters. While some do not see a route back for him, others believe he is the only one who can deliver a miracle election victory next. One Tory noted: “He [Boris] is the only one who can win it for us and cut through.” It looks like 2023 is going to be a tough year for Mr Sunak.