 Legendary actor Harrison Ford currently stars as Jacob Dutton on Paramount Network’s hit western, 1923. Despite establishing his own impressive career, the 80-year-old has opened up about his desire to work with his wife, Calista Flockhart, who stepped away from the spotlight in 1998.     With a career spanning six decades, the fact Harrison Ford has yet to accomplish all his goals may come as a surprise to some. Although he is an acclaimed actor who has won a plethora of prestigious awards, the Indiana Jones star continues to hope for new projects. This includes acting opposite his wife, Calista Flockhart, for the first time. The actress, who’s best known for playing Ally McBeal, left the spotlight 20 years ago to raise their son, Liam Flockhart. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row     However, Calista has been gradually making her return to acting after recently appearing as Cat Grant on The CW’s Supergirl. Speaking on his desires, Harrison shared: “We'd love to find one we could do together. … But, yeah, haven’t found one yet. “She's just going back to work after having devoted herself to the raising of our son, Liam, for the last 20 years.” During his chat with Fox News, Harrison added his wife is "enjoying going back to work. I'm hoping we will find something to do together".      While the couple awaits the perfect role, Harrison can often be spotted across major networks in multiple leading roles. The actor made his TV show debut on Yellowstone’s hit prequel series, 1923. Transporting viewers 35 years before the birth of John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) fans were able to gain insight into the early days of their Montana ranch. Harrison stars alongside Dame Helen Mirren, who was cast as Jacob’s wife Cara Dutton. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]Yellowstone plot hole: Beth Dutton should’ve been killed by Jamie [BLUNDER]1923’s Spencer won’t return to Duttons in harrowing theory [THEORY]  Fans can also expect Harrison to step back into his acclaimed role as Indiana Jones for the upcoming fifth instalment of the film series, Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny. Additionally, Harrison will be joining Marvel Universe in Captain America: New World, where he is taking over the role of Thunderbolt Ross, following William Hurt’s tragic death. On Apple TV, the actor also currently stars in the comedy-drama, Shrinking, as Dr Phil Rhodes, a pioneer in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy.   With many fans awaiting the return of 1923, some have shared their concern for Jacob’s fate after he was gravely injured after a shoot-out. He fell victim to Banner Creighton's (Jerome Flynn) evil revenge ploy and was left barely breathing, while John Sr (James Badge Dale) died from his wounds, Thankfully for fans, Jacob survived the ordeal after Cara went into surgical mode while Jacob lay on the kitchen table. However, it’s yet to be seen if Jacob will make a full recovery and get back at Banner.  1923 returns to Paramount Plus and The Paramount Network on Sunday, February 5. 