It’s been almost a week since Elvis Presley’s daughter suddenly died after suffering two cardiac arrests at the age of just 54. Tributes for Lisa Marie Presley have been pouring in from celebrities and family members since. They include Elvis’ former girlfriends like Linda Thompson and Ginger Alden, who helped raise her at Graceland with The King during the 1970s. Meanwhile, her half-brother Navarone Garibaldi has paid tribute and updated on how the family are doing during such a tragic time of mourning. Navarone shares his mother Priscilla Presley, the ex-wife of Elvis, with Lisa Marie. After divorcing The King 50 years ago, she ended up dating screenwriter turned computer programmer Marco Garibaldi from 1984-2006 and together they had their son who was born on March 1, 1987. The 35-year-old rock musician’s tribute post to his half-sister included a sweet picture of him as a toddler playing with Lisa. In the accompanying message, he alluded to it not always being an easy relationship with her. Navarone wrote: “Big sister… I hope you are now at peace and happy with your Dad and your son by your side. I know the past couple years weren’t easy for you, and I wish things had been different between us. Regardless, you are my sister and I’m sending love and prayers for your journey home. I still can’t believe this, I’m lost for words. Love you sis. Beijos. [heartbroken emoji].” Most recently Lisa Marie’s sibling hosted an Instagram Live for his fans, in which he walked around his home while smoking and answering questions, including about the upcoming funeral. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley on how Graceland's upstairs was Elvis' sanctuary Navarone admitted, “I feel like it will be hectic for a little bit” as he confirmed he would be attending Lisa Marie’s funeral at Graceland on Sunday. Elvis’ only child leaves behind three daughters. The eldest is Riley Keough, 33, who she had alongside her late son Benjamin with her first husband Danny Keough. After marrying and divorcing both Michael Jackson and Nicolas Cage, Lisa Marie wed Michael Lockwood who she had twins girls Harper and Finley Lockwood, 14, with. Navarone was asked how his nieces are dealing with such terrible grief at this time. DON'T MISSElvis ex Linda Thompson pays tribute to Aloha From Hawaii 50th [LINDA THOMPSON]Lisa Marie Presley chose the spot where she'd be buried near Elvis [LISA MARIE]Elvis Presley’s Viva Las Vegas released as remix with Britney Spears [ELVIS] Navarone simply said: “Yeah I think nieces are doing okay.” Presumably, he meant as okay as they can be given that they’ve lost their mother, brother and great-grandmother Anna (Priscilla’s mother) in the space of just two and half years. Lisa Marie Presley is set to be buried in Graceland’s Meditation Garden next to her son Benjamin Keough who died in 2020, in a spot nearby her father The King. A public memorial service is due to take place on Sunday at 9am CST (3pm GMT). The family have urged those who had wanted to lay flowers to instead donate to The Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation, a nonprofit that supports charitable organizations focused on arts, education and children's programs in the Memphis area.