Prince Harry has been blasted for throwing "his family to the Lions' by a royal biographer. Speaking on GB News, Angela Levin also branded the Duke as "malicious" and "appalling", arguing that despite claims that he wanted reconciliation with the firm following the fallout of last month's Netflix series and his recent memoir Spare, this would prove difficult  She said: "He has said he'll agree to come in a very patronising way but it's as if he's doing all the organising and he says that he wants to talk first to go through everything. "He wants an apology, especially for Meghan. "Now you can bet your socks that he's not just going to accept one apology. "He's going to want about 3,000 for things they've done wrong.  "We've seen that from his book and it will go on and on and on. "And you can't let somebody whose been so malicious win, you just can't. "It's nothing to do with family, he's thrown his family to the lions. He's been absolutely appalling." Earlier, host Dan Wootton asked Ernest Owens why he thought that the Duke and Duchesses of Sussex should attend the coronation and be allowed on the Buckingham Palace balcony.  READ MORE: William and King Charles 'angry' at Harry, warns Sussexes' close pal In response, Mr Owens said that banning the Sussexes would be wrong as they were family members and that doing so would only "further the divide" between the Firm and the California-based couple. Mr Owens also expressed surprise that Mr Wootton, a frequent critic of cancel culture, was in favour of it in this instance when it was applied to the Sussexes. He said: "Because they're family and I think cancelling family members will only further the divide and actually prove the point. "So my book is called the case for cancel culture. DON'T MISS: Harry told he must cave to King and William as he loses supporters [REVEAL] Meghan was 'wary' about Prince Harry's book and may have raised issues [INSIGHT] Firm tipped to enforce Coronation balcony ban for Sussexes  [SPOTLIGHT]   "So you all supporting Harry being cancelled, the Sussexes being cancelled out of Great Britain. I am surprised." A fuming Mr Wootton raged that the Duke could return to the UK as a private citizen. He said: "You know what, Ernest, he can come back as a private citizen. He cancelled himself." 