Arthur Thomas (played by Alfie Clarke) was taken aback when Marshall Hamston (Max Fletcher) revealed he wanted to go on a date with him on Tuesday's instalment of Emmerdale. Arthur was left heartbroken earlier this month when Marshall humiliated him in front of his peers, but the latter has apologised for his cruel actions. The pair almost shared a kiss before Marshall ran off, leaving Arthur baffled. During the episode, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) was furious to learn Arthur's assembly about LGBTQ+ history had been cancelled after a parent complained. Arthur was convinced his stepdad Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) was behind the complaint and he confronted the businessman later in the episode. Arthur, who told his mum he was gay last month, fumed at Jai and Laurel: "They must think being gay is wrong - that I am wrong." Jay interjected: "Or they didn't want to stir up the hornets' nest, they might have a kid who is gay and they might be trying to protect him or her." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will "It was you, wasn't it?" Arthur said. "You called the school." Jai denied contacting the school to cancel the assembly, but Arthur was not convinced. Later on, Arthur was approached by Marshall who apologised to him for kissing him as a dare in recent weeks. Marshall said he didn't think the dare was going to happen, but a hurt Arthur explained: "You set me up."  Marshall admitted he was drunk and did not know other schoolboys would be watching them kiss. He then told Arthur he meant all the kind things he said to him when he was under the influence of alcohol. When Arthur suggested they get to know each other better, Marshall tried to hold his hand and lean in for a kiss. But the moment was ruined when Marshall's phone started ringing and he left in a hurry, saying: "I shouldn't be here." DON'T MISS...Charley Webb's 'dream' business closes after just two and half years [UPDATE]Emmerdale couple torn apart by Nicky's connection to Caleb  [LATEST]Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [SPOILER]  Eagle-eyed fans spotted the person calling Marshall was his father and they took to Twitter with their theories. Owen penned: "Guessing by Marshall's reaction to his dad phoning him when he was with Arthur I reckon it was his dad is homophobic and is the one who phoned the school not Jai? #Emmerdale." Matthew Chapman said: "Change of theory after the end of the episode scene-Was it Marshall's dad who put the brakes on Arthur's assembly! Either way, it's between him and Jai!" Chris P added: "#Emmerdale I'd say Arthur owes Jai an apology and it was Marshall's dad that called the school."   Eva penned: "Arthur and Marshall are so sweet #emmerdale." Stephen Patterson added: "#Emmerdale is nailing the Arthur storyline. It’s one of the soap's best." Jamie said: "A well-directed scene with Arthur and Marshall #Emmerdale." Could Marshall be too scared to tell his father about his own sexuality and continue to push Arthur away? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 