Everton have finally confirmed the appointment of Sean Dyche as their new manager to succeed Frank Lampard. The former Burnley boss has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract to take over the struggling Toffees as he attempts to steer them clear of relegation from the Premier League. The Merseyside club turned to Dyche after talks broke down with top target Marcelo Bielsa last week, with some reports bizarrely suggesting the Argentinian was keen to take charge of their Under-21 side before moving into the first-team role in the summer. The former Leeds United boss was flown to London to discuss the role with the Everton board, but it soon became clear that the 67-year-old would not be taking over, as the veteran coach expressed reservations about the squad's ability to match his physical and high intensity. That left Dyche as the frontrunner for the job and, with Everton looking to hire a new manager before their next their fixture against Arsenal on February 4, the deal was completed swiftly after holding talks on Friday. He was spotted arriving at the club's Finch Farm training complex early on Monday morning to start work with the squad. READ MORE: Marcelo Bielsa 'wanted different Everton role' before talks fell flat Dyche described taking the job as an "honour" and said he and his staff are committed to getting the club “back on track". “I know about Everton’s passionate fanbase and how precious this club is to them. We’re ready to work and ready to give them what they want," he told the club's official website. "That starts with sweat on the shirt, effort and getting back to some of the basic principles of what Everton Football Club has stood for for a long time. “We want to bring back a good feeling. We need the fans, we need unity and we need everyone aligned. That starts with us as staff and players. Our aim is to put out a team that works, that fights and wears the badge with pride. The connection with the fans can then grow very quickly because they’re so passionate. “There is quality in this squad. But we have to make them shine. That’s the job of me and my staff. DON'T MISS Sean Dyche was agonisingly close to sealing Harry Kane transfer dealBurnley sack Sean Dyche after 10 years at the clubNewcastle had discreet swap bid rejected by Everton for Gordon Dyche will be supported by former Nottingham Forest winger Ian Woan as his assistant, with former England international Steve Stone joining as first-team coach and Mark Howard appointed to provide support in sports science. The 51-year-old has been out of work since he was sacked by Burnley in April before the Clarets were relegated from the top flight last season. Despite being linked with several vacancies in the Premier League, he is thought to have been holding out for the right opportunity. In his decade spent at Turf Moor, Dyche took Burnley to new heights with promotions from the Championship and two top-half Premier League finishes on a shoestring budget. He also guided Burnley to their first European qualification in 51 years after leading them to an impressive seventh place in 2017-18. The Kettering-born boss will be the seventh permanent manager to take the reins under Moshiri since the British-Iranian supremo took control of the club in February 2016. He replaces Lampard, 44, who was sacked after 11 months in charge on January 23 following a run of nine defeats in 12 games. Dyche's obvious task will be to revitalise and motivate a struggling Everton side that have endured their worst start to a Premier League campaign with only 15 points in 20 games. The club are currently in 19th place and have only been spared the embarrassment of sinking to rock bottom due to their goal difference over fellow strugglers Southampton. Supporters have led protests against the board in recent months, calling for Moshiri to sell the club, and Dyche will be hoping to turn around their fortunes on the pitch with another relegation battle on the horizon. But with the £45m sale of Anthony Gordon to Newcastle now finalised, the task of preserving their top-flight status after 35 years will only prove to be more difficult unless they make signings before the deadline.