Hence it was that she chopped her favourite son, Andrew, out of the ranks of frontline royals as scandal engulfed him and then torpedoed her favourite grandson Harry’s wish to be half-in, half-out of the royal firm – a proposal that would have seen him enjoying most of the privileges but accepting few of the attendant responsibilities. King Charles III is clearly an equally doting head of the family and even Spare, the distinctly unsparing memoir of Prince Harry which generally depicts the King as a poor father, contains references to him seeking to do his best for his “darling boy”. So clearly an agonising decision is looming for Charles in regard to his Coronation in early May: does he put Harry and Meghan on the guest list despite their repeated breaches of confidence and predilection for turning a royal ringside seat into media riches? An agonising decision but not, in the end, a difficult one: for the answer must be “no”. The Coronation will be a great moment for Charles – a date with destiny and the culmination of an apprenticeship lasting more than 70 years. It would be natural for him to wish to have all the Windsor clan present for such a moment. But he must resist that impulse because his coronation is also a key constitutional moment for his country and his realm. Ultimately that is more important. To risk having an event which will be the focus of the whole globe overshadowed by dissent, distraction and resentment – and later depicted in jaundiced or mocking terms by the Sussexes – would not be a responsible course of action. This is not only a matter for The King but also for his Prime Minister Rishi Sunak. Longstanding observers of royal events will recall that Winston Churchill made a canny intervention before the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II on learning that the Duke of Windsor – King Edward VIII until his abdication – wished to be present.  Churchill in effect invented a rule that no former monarch could attend the investiture of a successor. Papers released by the national archive at Kew in 2007 revealed that he advised the Duke to tell the press that “it would not be consistent with usage for the Coronation to be attended by any former ruler”. The Duke heeded the warning and stayed away, along with his American divorcee wife. Quite how Mr Sunak chooses to address the question of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s possible attendance at Charles’s coronation is something that likewise will probably not emerge for many decades ahead. But address it he must. Because the role of the monarch as a widely accepted and revered head of state is central to political stability in this country.  Imagine, for instance, a presidential election between Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn, or Tony Blair and Nigel Farage. Do we really think that the victor would be able to bank on “losers’ consent” from the supporters of his defeated rival? Hardly. Much more likely there would be mayhem at every presidential appearance in public. And how would a president fit in with our system of Cabinet government under the leadership of a prime minister? Again, it would create a rival power base and cause constitutional chaos.  The Coronation represents a rare opportunity for the British monarchy to renew its vows before the people and the watching world. The idea of an alternative court that has been so disrespectful towards the institution and the person of the King being in attendance is unconscionable. Harry and Meghan would inevitably become a rallying point for dissenters generally with their every move put under the media microscope. For months afterwards we would all be on tenterhooks for the next round of Sussex spin: What really happened in the Abbey? How an expression deemed to have momentarily settled upon the Princess of Wales’s face was somehow an affront to Meghan. How Charles had favoured William over Harry as regards some detail of the ceremonials. All to be spewed out in a new Netflix extravaganza. No thank you very much. Margaret Thatcher once observed that at the top of public life it was necessary to know how to “carve the joint”, by which she meant conducting hirings and firings. King Charles must learn to carve the joint, as his mother once did. However much personal regret it causes him, the Sussexes will have to be cut out. 