Zara was pictured at the races with her husband, Mike Tindall. She looked glowing in a mid-length, royal blue, summery dress. The dress was by popular Australian fashion designer Rebecca Vallance, whose dress Zara had donned just days prior to the races. She had worn a colourful, short dress by the label while being interviewed by Australian journalist Amanda Abate. But, for the races, the royal chose a longer dress in a bold, blue colour. It was called the "Isidora" Puff-Sleeves Midi Dress. The garment is currently available to buy from fashion website Farfetch for £684. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' Farfetch described the dress, saying: "Rebecca Vallance, a former fashion publicist, founded her own line in 2011. The brand is recognised for its sophisticated, rigid tailoring and elegant evening gowns. "This essence of elegance is presented here with the Isidora puff-sleeves midi dress, featuring broderie anglaise detailing, belted waist and short puff sleeves." The dress has buttons running down its centre and comes complete with a belt, accentuating the wearer's waist. Zara combined the dress with a pair of beige wedges from Novo Shoes. The dress and the shoes were both new - Zara seemed to have bought them specially for this trip down under. DON'T MISS:Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE]Five food storage ideas to stop cheese from going mouldy [GUIDE] The royal completed her look with accessories. She carried the Camera 'A' Bag in Ivory Pebble by Aspinal of London, as well as a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses. These were the RB4246 Clubround Classic Sunglasses in Brown Havana. As for jewellery, Zara was seen wearing the Coronet Suite White Gold and White Diamond Oval Earrings and the Coronet White Gold and White Diamond Bangle. The pieces were from Calleija Jewellers, a jewellery brand with bases in London, Sydney, and the Gold Coast. Zara also wore Calleija Jewellers' Coronet Slender White Gold and White Diamond Ring. All jewels were pieces Zara has been seen donning in the past. Royal fans were quick to comment on Zara's look, with many saying how impressed they were with the outfit. Jennifer Hammond wrote: "Zara’s fashion game in the last year or so has just been *chef’s kiss*." Instagram user @lina.oikonomidi said: "That shade of blue looks so flattering on her." User @frausausd wrote: "I love Zara's look." User @traf__40 commented: "Hasn't put a foot wrong lately." User @mademoiselle_andrea wrote: "Zara always looks beautiful, but she outdid herself this time." User @marcelablau added: "She has stepped up her fashion game and I’m here for it." Royal fans' praise for the green dress was very different to the criticism Zara received for another Rebecca Vallance dress she wore just days prior to the races - many royal watchers called the 41-year-old's "Catalina" Shirt Mini Dress "too short". Zara was seen wearing it on Friday, January 6. Instagram user @pvcollins commented: "Too short. Looks odd." Meanwhile, user @lavale2312 added: "Beautiful dress, but too short."