Lisa Loring has died aged 64 according to her close friend, Laure Jacobson. Jacobson shared in a Facebook post news of her death on January 28 after the actor was taken off life support following “a massive stroke.”  She typed: “It is with great sadness that I report the death of our friend, Lisa Loring. “Four days ago she suffered a massive stroke brought on by smoking and high blood pressure. “She had been on life support for three days. “Yesterday, her family made the difficult decision to remove it and she passed last night,” Jacobson informed on the social media post. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman ignores Michelle Mone's 'publicity-hungry' dig She continued, “She is embedded in the tapestry that is pop culture and in our hearts always as Wednesday Addams. “Beautiful, kind, a loving mother, Lisa’s legacy in the world of entertainment is huge. “And the legacy for her family and friends — a wealth of humour, affection and love will long play in our memories. “RIP, Lisa. Damn, girl…you were a ton of fun,” she added. Loring’s work as Wednesday Addams had recently resurged following Jenna Ortega’s portrayal of the iconic character in the Netflix series. The actress was the original Wednesday in the first live-action adaptation of Charles Addams’ New Yorker cartoons. The show produced 64 episodes between two seasons from 1964 through 1966. Her character was sweet but gloomy and loved collecting creepy pets including a lizard named Lucifer, a black widow spider named Homer as well as a headless doll. DONT MISS:Lesley Joseph reacts to Masked Singer claims over Pigeon's identity (PHOTOS)Star Trek's William Shatner reunites with ex-wife amid divorce (NEWS)Amanda Abbington's plea as star says agonising pain is 'killing me' (LATEST) Loring went on to reprise her role as Wednesday in the 1977 television movie Halloween with the New Addams Family. The role was also later portrayed by Christina Ricci, 42, who starred as Wednesday in the 1991 hit movie The Addams Family and its sequel, Addams Family Values. Loring was married four times and is survived by her two daughters Marianne and Vanessa, and her grandchildren, Emiliana and Charles. On social media her fans paid tribute. @americxntrilogy typed: “Oh wow.” @hevthns remarked: “This can’t be.” @jamakasohot added: “RIP queen.” @LadyTwells typed: “Sad news.”