Manchester United director John Murtough has revealed that Jack Butland was signed in order to provide the likes of David de Gea and Tom Heaton with some additional competition while contributing to a positive environment on the training ground over the coming months. Butland, who boasts a total of nine England caps, was officially confirmed as United's first summer signing on Friday morning after joining on loan from Crystal Palace until the end of the season. Butland quickly emerged as a target for United after Martin Dubravka was recalled from his loan spell at Old Trafford by Newcastle earlier this month and will be tasked with forming part of a strong goalkeeping unit on a daily basis at Carrington, while he may also be called upon to deputise in place of De Gea for cup matches. Murtough has explained his thinking behind the move by insisting that Butland will be a valuable presence on the training ground as he looks to push his new team-mates to the highest possible level between now and the end of the campaign. "Jack is an excellent goalkeeper with great experience throughout his career," Murtough told the club website. "His mentality and personality will be a real asset to our superb group of goalkeepers and the whole squad. "Jack joins David, Tom and our young keepers to form a strong group who will all support each other in creating an optimum training and playing environment. We’re all looking forward to welcoming him into the group." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Butland, who has racked up 87 appearances in the Premier League over the course of his career, added that he was delighted to have been given the opportunity to represent the Red Devils and insisted that he is prepared to help De Gea and Heaton on a daily basis over the coming weeks and months. "This is an amazing club and one that I am now proud to represent," said Butland. "I’m really looking forward to working with an unbelievable goalkeeping group, supporting each other every day to create the best training and playing environment for the team. "I’ve played against David de Gea and represented England alongside Tom Heaton. They are top-class keepers and I am relishing the opportunity to compete alongside and support them as team-mates. There is a lot that this group can achieve this season and I’m excited to play my part in helping everyone to reach these ambitions." It remains to be seen whether Butland will be in contention to start for United in their FA Cup third-round match against Everton on Friday night, although it seems likely that Heaton may be given the nod on this occasion if Erik ten Hag decides to hand De Gea a well-earned rest. There will be plenty of opportunities for Butland to play if the Red Devils go far in the competition, though, while he will also be required to come into the side in the event of an injury to either of his goalkeeping team-mates. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.