Tottenham are bracing themselves for the unimaginable this summer as speculation persists that Harry Kane could be leaving to join Manchester United. The Spurs talisman has made it clear he wants to win trophies in his career and that probability appears to be dwindling at Tottenham after some disappointing results under Antonio Conte, who could be axed as head coach. The 29-year-old's future has been uncertain for some time and he nearly signed for Manchester City in 2021 before performing a U-turn after a personal intervention from chairman Daniel Levy. Conte's appointment was supposed to bring success to north London but the club seem to be no closer to ending their 15-year wait for a trophy. Kane's exploits up front have earned him admirers from Bayern Munich and Real Madrid, but it is understood United are ready to solve Erik ten Hag's desire to sign a top striker for the long-term by launching a move for Kane. With funds tight at Old Trafford, a swap deal is not off the table and United certainly have a list of players to include of whom Spurs may be interested in. Express Sport look at four players who could be involved in a player-plus-cash deal for Kane. READ MORE: Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reach Hugo Lloris' performances have flattered to deceive and Spurs are preparing for the eventuality of replacing their long-time No 1. In picking a replacement, they could do a lot worse than sign Henderson, who has Premier League experience in abundance with loan spells at Sheffield United and now Nottingham Forest. The England stopper, 24, is not guaranteed to take David de Gea's place at United if the Spaniard leaves and he may welcome the chance to a clean start elsewhere at a club regularly competing for European places, instead of waiting for his chance on the bench. It would be a marriage of convenience if Maguire was to swap clubs with his England team-mate Kane. Antonio Conte needs a reliable centre-back after watching his side concede the most goals in the league since returning from the World Cup, while Maguire's career has stagnated after losing his place under Ten Hag. He needs a move to a decent top-half club to retain his status in the England team and Spurs, with three centre-back slots, would be able to give him regular football. The only question is how much United value Maguire in terms of knocking millions of the fee for Kane, which could prove to be a sticking point in talks. In the first three months of the season, Wan-Bissaka was not even named in the 20-man matchday squad as he faced being forced out in January. But the right-back has found form again and Ten Hag has given him a second chance to prove himself. The 25-year-old would offer Conte a more defensively solid option than any of his current three right-sided defenders Emerson Royal, Djed Spence and Matt Doherty, given his tendency to execute sliding challenges to perfection. United may be willing to part ways with Wan-Bissaka for the right price, with Denzel Dumfries thought to be on Ten Hag's radar. And if it means bringing down the cost to sign Kane, it may be a deal worth exploring. It appears unlikely that Ten Hag would allow Martial to depart after praising the Frenchman earlier in the season, but the signing of Wout Weghorst has caused some doubt over his first-team spot. The Frenchman has been linked before with a loan switch to Tottenham after falling out of favour under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and rumours of Kane's summer move to Manchester will only cause the striker, 27, to question where his long-term future lies. Spurs might be aiming higher when it comes to picking a replacement for Kane, however, and Martial's record of eight goals over the past three seasons is hardly anything to get excited about.