Ruby Wax, 69, has previously admitted to having depressive thoughts so "agonising" that they made it "difficult to stay alive". The Girls On Top actress took to Instagram today where she brandished a copy of her new mental health focused book while in hospital. Ruby had been training for a movie role as a castaway on a desert island - a challenge which had taken her to Cape Town in South Africa. However, fearful fans observed that her survivalist posts, depicting her trying to kindle a fire and build a shelter in the wilderness, have now come to a halt, with her latest one depicting her in a hospital bed. Holding up a cover of the brand new book I'm Not As Well As I Thought I Was, she stated that the cover "says it all". "No comment from me," she announced cryptically, before adding: "It's coming out May 11 and you can preorder it by the link on my bio." READ NOW: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' Ruby described the book she was clutching as her "new baby" and admitted it "could be my most honest and raw book to date". "[It] feels good, but also a little scary. I do hope it might provide some reassurance and guidance for anyone else struggling with their own mental health," she wrote in her caption. She added the hashtags #DepressionSupport #DepressionRecovery #PsychiatricHospital. Ruby was inundated with sympathetic responses as she opened up about mental health, with some of her 103,000 Instagram followers taking to the comments. @dragana778 wrote: "Sending you love Ruby. It’s so powerful to share , as people feel alone and isolated while struggling with mental illness." Meanwhile, @jasonberlin encouraged: "Get better please, the world needs you!" The comedian previously admitted that mental health had been the reason behind her decision to quit the TV industry 25 years earlier. Yet last summer, she admitted that she was having a major flare-up of depressive feelings - the first episode of such intensity in 12 years. She shared two photos of herself with very contrasting emotional states, telling fans the key to detecting her mental health was the look in her eyes. "A sure sign of depression is dead eyes (first picture) In contrast to me when alive and well (second picture)," she wrote. She added that when a bout comes over her, she feels as if it is "sucking out" her soul.  "I have gone on about stopping the stigma for mental illness for about 15 years; writing books, performing in theatre shows, speaking at businesses," she elaborated in last summer's very candid Instagram post. She added that she questions why, in her perception, people treat mental illness differently than physical illness - and sometimes less seriously. "Over the years I've asked people suffering from both physical and mental problems which is worse and without exception they always say mental," she lamented. "There's a feeling that you've done something wrong when your own mind turns on you and takes revenge for something you never did. "It's the black hole of diseases where you sit helpless as your mind hammers you with accusations, sucks out your soul and spits it out. "The brutality of your thoughts become so agonizing it's hard to stay alive and have to listen," she continued. Bravely adding that she was "committed to dropping the shame" and stigma attached to mental health issues, she explained that it was her latest bout of depression that had given her the impetus to write the book. Ruby explained that she believed it was a deep-rooted genetic issue, as numerous relatives had suffered from it, but that she hoped to break the hold it had on her - and others - by laying her feelings bare.