The couple, from Suffolk, claim the fence blocks access to their front door and stables, has cut off light on the ground floor as well as views of surrounding fields. The fanily asked a High Court judge to force the Wakerlys to alter the fence to as to return to them their front door access. They described the decision to construct the fence as “monstrous” and “unpleasantly antagonistic”. However, their neighbours alleged the Hamblings used their front doors to “trespass” on their driveway whilst moving between the field and cottage. The fence, they claim, was put up to stop this. READ MORE: Price crisis: British steel industry fumes at Sunak The row centres on the wording of the right of way granted to the property owners in 2001 which stated the Wakerly’s driveway could be used “for access to the field not to Garden Cottage”. Previously, Judge Karen Walden-Smith at Norwich County Court ruled in favour of the Wakerlys and allowed the fence to remain. In her judgement in 2021, she described it as a case of two countryside properties that had not been able to find a way to co-exist without friction.  At the High Court, Judge Mann said the “unfortunate” dispute begain in 2016 a year after the Hamblings moved in. Tensions began to rise after Wakerlys became annoyed by alterations to the cottage, particularly when they turned part of their land into a “car park [for] vans and trucks”. In response, the Wakerlys told their neighbours they were no longer allowed to cross the driveway in order to access the field from their home. DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak: Should energy bills tax be cut amid soaring gas prices? [POLL]What happens if your energy supplier goes bust? Your top SIX questions [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry snubbed as Biden prioritises Queen over Sussexes [REVEAL] The court heard that when they bought the property, the Hamblings inherited right of way to access their field on their neighbour’s track from the A1071. They were allowed to cross the track by their neighbours. In June 2017 an exchange of solicitors' letters saw the Hamblings accusing their neighbours of “trespassing” on their driveway. The fence was then put up.The judge has reserved his rulling on the case and is set to give his decision at a later date.