The Apple TV+ series is being developed by the mastermind director behind Blade Runner and Gladiator and the writer of Top Gun: Maverick, Peter Craig. Sinking Spring will star Brian Tyree Henry in the lead role, and it has just been announced The Blacklist’s Amir Arison will be joining the all-star cast. Sinking Spring will also feature Better Call Saul breakout Michael Mando in a key role. After serving on NBC’s popular drama The Blacklist for nine years, Arison dropped out of his stint as Aram Mojtabai in 2022. Following a turn in The Kite Runner on Broadway, he has now been cast in his first major TV role since leaving the ongoing series. The eight-episode series will be partly directed and executive produced by Scott, who recently helmed The Last Duel and House of Gucci. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke Craig will write the series and direct one episode after recently stunning audiences with the acclaimed blockbuster sequel Top Gun: Maverick. Arison will portray Mark Nader, a Supervisory Special Agent in the DEA. The Umbrella Academy’s Marin Ireland and Star Trek alum Kate Mulgrew will round out the main cast. The series will be based on Dennis Tafoya’s book Dope Thief, which follows two friends who pose as DEA agents to rip off local drug dealers. An official description via Deadline reads: “Sinking Spring follows longtime Philly friends and delinquents who pose as DEA agents to rob an unknown house in the countryside. "Their small-time grift becomes a life-and-death enterprise, as they unwittingly reveal and unravel the biggest hidden narcotics corridor on the Eastern seaboard.” Arison’s co-stars are both known for their Marvel roles, with Henry portraying Phastos in Eternals and Mando rumoured to become the Scorpion in an upcoming Spider-Man project. He is also known for his stunning portrayal of Nacho Vargo in Better Caul Saul, while Henry has worked across a range of TV projects including Atlanta, BoJack Horseman and Big Mouth. DON'T MISS:My 600lb Life backlash as Aaron's wife storms out [REACTION]Outlander fans ‘devastated’ by cancellation as prequel confirmed [BACKLASH]Harry and Meghan deliver huge result for Netflix [LATEST] The stage and screen star celebrated the news this week by posting Deadline’s article confirming his casting on his Instagram story. Arison has recently wrapped up his run on Broadway and is also known for his roles in The Dropout, Ramy, Billions and American Horror Story. He and his co-star Laura Sohn both departed The Blacklist at the end of season nine as agents Mojtabai and Alina Park, respectively. Their decision left Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) stunned as he’s now all but alone in his mission to track down America’s most dangerous criminals. Thankfully, he’ll have a young new ward joining him next season to aid his investigations. 10 years after Meera Malik’s (Parminder Nagra) tragic departure from the team, The Blacklist’s next season will welcome her daughter, Siya Malik (Anya Banerjee) into the fold. New episodes will begin airing at the end of February, so it won’t be long before fans find out how Red’s new partner fares out in the field. The Blacklist season 10 premieres Sunday, February 26 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.