Chelsea were left red-faced earlier in the January transfer window when a target was approached by the Blues but did not know who Graham Potter was, according to reports. It has been a hugely disappointing season to date for the west Londoners, who have spent over £300million on new players since the end of the previous campaign but have failed to make any sort of positive progress over the last few months. Chelsea currently find themselves down in 10th in the Premier League table and have been struggling to perform under the guidance of Potter, who was appointed by owner Todd Boehly to replace the sacked Thomas Tuchel back in September. The 47-year-old's presence at Stamford Bridge may also be having a negative impact on the club's hopes of signing top players, with one target left clueless as to who Potter even was upon learning of Chelsea's interest in his services, according to The Independent.The former Brighton boss has never been regarded as a high-profile manager, with the Chelsea job by far the biggest of his career, but it will come as an embarrassing blow for Potter that at least one potential signing was not even familiar with him as a head coach. It is said that Chelsea are determined to stick with Potter in spite of the growing pressure on his shoulders, although some who have interacted with the Blues feel that they have boxed themselves in by committing to a project with their current manager.There is said to be a feeling that Chelsea may even be willing to miss out on European football next season in order to keep building for the future with Potter, which suggests that the Blues are finally prepared to ditch their hire-and-fire managerial policy in an attempt to plan for long-term success. However, they are currently on their worst run of extended form since the 1994/95 season and it remains to be seen how patient Chelsea will be if Potter fails to end their run of poor results as a matter of priority. JUST IN: Qatar 'decide on investment deal with Leeds' after Man Utd links It is said that Chelsea's hierarchy feel that they may lose credibility by changing their manager, with so much of their football vision tied to Potter following his appointment on a long-term contract until the summer of 2027. Their patience will continue to be stretched if Potter is unable to put things right over the next few weeks, though, which could put Boehly in a difficult position at some point in the not-too-distant future.Potter appears to be taking a determined approach to proceedings, though, and recently insisted that he does not fear for his job at Chelsea in spite of their distinct lack of form over the last few months. He told reporters: "The owners are billionaires so they’re quite smart, smarter than me, that’s for sure. "They understand the challenges that we have and the direction we want to go in. I’ve been here four months and five, six weeks of that have been lost to international football. I think Pep [Guardiola] was [at Manchester City] a year before they’d won anything, and then obviously Mikel [Arteta] and Jurgen [Klopp] took a bit of time."But obviously it’s maybe different for me, for some reason, but I don’t put a timescale on it. I know the responsibility we have here. But also I know that I am capable, and I know the quality that I have and I have the full support of certainly the owners, the players and the staff here." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.