Ruby Stewart, 35, announced just after the New Year sprouted that she is expecting her first child, reportedly a boy, with Jake Kalick. Now, the couple has sent the internet into a frenzy once again as Ruby revealed her newest piece of glittering jewellery on Instagram. Ruby shared some sweet snaps showing off her ring on Monday, inciting a fervent response from fans and celebrity followers alike. She listed in a heartfelt caption all the reasons she said yes: “Yes to…Always finding your hand to hold in the middle of the night… to always making a s***ty situation something we can laugh about… “To calling me out on my passive aggressive bulls**t.. to knowing how and when to hold me with out me even having to ask… “To always telling me I’m beautiful even when I’m sick and swollen… to always hearing your tone deaf singing with all your heart…  “To never being able to dance with you with out laughing at you… to always knowing my home is wherever you are… “Yes to this life… our love… Because Forever doesn’t sound like a long time if it’s spent with you…” (sic) While Sir Rod is yet to respond to his daughter’s most recent update, his wife Penny Lancaster and actress Alanna Masterson have already sent in their congratulations along with thousands of fans. The latest update comes almost exactly three weeks after Ruby announced she and Jake are expecting their first child later this year. Ruby shared a clip of her ultrasound to her 44,000 Instagram followers three weeks ago, showing her little boy being very active. She wrote: “Out of all of the things that happened in 2022 you were by far the most beautiful…We can’t wait to meet you… “Baby boy Kalick coming in April…” Sir Rod was quick to respond to this news, writing in the comments: “So happy for the two of you.” with a baby face emoji.     The daughter of model Kelly Emberg, who was in a relationship with Sir Rod between 1983 and 1990, was bombarded with comments from her large family. Sir Rod’s current wife, Penny Lancaster, said she “can’t wait to meet her” and her sisters, Kimberly, Ruby and Renee all offered their good wishes. Despite having eight children himself, this will only be Sir Rod’s second grandchild. His first arrived in 2011 when his daughter Kimberly had a daughter with actor Benicio Del Toro.  Ruby has also been her father’s duet partner on multiple occasions and embarked on a music career of her own. She originally started out as a singer in the group Revoltaire which only lasted two years before disbanding in 2012. The singer then became part of the country duo The Sisterhood with singer Alyssa Bonagura, releasing their first album in 2016. However, in 2016 the duo also announced they were parting ways but Ruby has since reportedly started pursuing a solo career.