When asked, “if you are invited to the Coronation, will you come?”, Prince Harry responded: “There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court.” Speaking to Tom Bradby, he added: “There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they're willing to sit down and talk about it.” King Charles’ coronation is set to take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. From Harry’s discussion with Mr Bradby, it is difficult to tell if he and Meghan will be attending. Patrick Price, an astrologer who specialises in tarot reading and works for astrology app Nebula, turned to the stars for answers. He spoke to Express.co.uk about his predictions for Harry and Meghan, focusing particularly on around the time the King’s coronation will take place. He said: “When looking to see if Harry and Meghan will be attending the coronation of King Charles III and Camilla, Queen Consort, it is essential to pay attention to what will be happening to their planets around May. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth “We see the South Node representing life lessons and wisdom in Harry's third house that rules the mind, intellect, and decision-making. “This could mean that Harry's decision-making at this time may be very logical and could factor in the lessons learned from previous family fallouts. “This suggests that he might be looking to act accordingly, keeping family approaches strong and potentially seeking to avoid further conflict, in which case Harry and Meghan may attend the coronation.” Patrick went on to predict if it is likely that an olive branch will be extended to the royal couple over the upcoming months.  He claimed: “When considering whether an olive branch will be extended to Harry and Meghan from their royal relatives, Neptune passing through King Charles' first house is an interesting aspect to consider. Neptune is the planet of 'forgiveness,' and the first house represents the 'self.' “This may allude to Charles leading with a forgiving heart in his decision-making and may even mean he wishes to make amends with his son and daughter-in-law. “Sometimes, Neptune in this position suggests that healing and forgiveness are the top priority for the person concerned, so this could also imply that Charles makes it his main conquest of 2023 to repair relations between the royals." Patrick went on to predict if Harry and Meghan will visit Britain this year, if not for the coronation, for another event or engagement. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal He said: “We see the Moon appear a lot in various positions on both Harry and Meghan's upcoming astrological outlook. When the Moon pops up frequently, this is often a clue that travel will be heavily involved in the immediate future. “But does this mean they will travel back to the UK for other engagements? Not necessarily. It could signify travelling anywhere in the world. “However, we notice Saturn, the planet of travel and outreach, passing through Harry's fourth house, which is the house of home and family. “This could suggest that Harry may be planning to participate in various royal events or engagements throughout the year in Britain, as Saturn in this position can often pull on someone to go home and reconnect with their roots, providing them with a strong desire to connect with family.” Since they can no longer rely on taxpayers’ money as non-working members of the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan will need to continue to establish their careers in the US. “Career-wise, many opportunities lie ahead for Harry and Meghan,” Patrick said. “The possibilities are endless, but it seems as though they could find their income by engaging with their creativity and pouring it into some form of artistic outlet. “For both Harry and Meghan, we see Neptune and Venus, both planets of imagination and creative energy, passing through their 11th houses. “This could hint that Harry and Meghan will lean into their more creative sides for at least a portion of the year, which could manifest in any creative art.”