Tottenham are reportedly still in the race to sign wantaway Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo, despite the recent arrival of Arnaut Danjuma. The Netherlands international was set to join Everton on Monday but pulled the plug on the move at the eleventh hour in favour of joining Spurs. Antonio Conte has made it no secret that he does not feel that his side are competing for titles currently, suggesting that further transfer windows would be required in order to push on. The Italian boss is out of contract in north London at the end of the season and various reports have speculated how he feels about penning a new deal. Though the former Chelsea boss could be convinced if he continues to be granted his transfer wishes. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Spurs are still in the race to sign Zaniolo, a player that Conte is a significant admirer of and pushed for previously. The Italian forward is keen to leave Roma this month after falling out of favour at the club, though manager Jose Mourinho is keen to retain his services until at least the summer. Zaniolo can play on the wing as well as a No 10, providing plenty of depth for Conte and the much-desired creative spark that Tottenham lack in midfield. AC Milan also hold a firm interest in the 23-year-old and it is a ‘two-horse race’ between the clubs. Spurs did reportedly arrive with an offer for Zaniolo, a loan deal with the obligation to make the move permanent if they qualify for the Champions League this season, but it was declined. Roma want the player to depart permanently and for a fee, regardless of how well the interested party play for the remainder of the season. Given that Danjuma is a winger, Zaniolo certainly appears to be seen as the final piece of the puzzle in Conte’s midfield. Though whether the manager is still at the club to reap the benefits of his recruitment, with reports circulating that Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel are waiting for him to leave his role so that they can fight it out for the vacancy. Speaking to Football Insider about Conte potentially leaving Tottenham, former Premier League star Gabriel Agbonlahor said: “Conte, for me, when I see his press conferences – I don’t see that fire, that commitment, the love. If Spurs said to him tomorrow to pack his stuff up and go home, he would say thank you very much. He doesn’t look like he’s on course and part of the project. He’s downbeat and frustrated.”