Donald Trump's allies have called "b******t" after Republican rivals blamed the ex-POTUS over the ongoing House Speaker vote, which is causing chaos in Congress. Some Grand Old Party (GOP) strategists have even claimed the "embarrassing" events are damaging the 45th President's 2024 White House bid. Californian Representative Kevin McCarthy failed to convince his Republican colleagues to support him in the race to replace Nancy Pelosi in ten successive ballots. McCarthy was 15 supporters short of the threshold needed in the first ballot, forcing the election to proceed to additional votes for the first time since 1923.  Following his opening setback, McCarthy was dealt further blows in later ballots as he was handed just 200 votes in the tenth poll. Prominent Trump supporters have led rebellious Republican ranks against McCarthy, including Colorado’s Lauren Boebert. Florida’s Matt Gaetz even nominated the ex-POTUS for the speakership in the seventh and eighth ballots. Despite MAGA-supporting Republicans posing a problem for McCarthy, Trump urged allies to back the GOP’s frontrunner to end the House impasse. In an update on his social media platform Truth Social, the 45th President said: “VOTE FOR KEVIN, CLOSE THE DEAL, TAKE THE VICTORY.” Trump added: “This ‘event’ will end up making the Republican Party STRONGER and more UNITED than ever before.” However, some GOP insiders have blamed Trump for events in the lower chamber. Republican fundraiser Noelle Nikpour said: “This is all about Donald Trump. I don't know how you fix this situation right now. You must get someone that can get the votes. This is embarrassing for the GOP.” JUST IN: McCarthy humiliated as allies struggle to save House Speaker bid after six ballot defeats When asked if events in Congress were damaging Trump’s re-election chances, Ms Nikpour added: “It certainly isn’t strengthening his chances.” Minnesota’s ex-Majority House leader Amy Koch also took aim at the former POTUS over the “chaos and destruction” in Congress. She told Express.co.uk: “This is what happens when Republicans lose sight of what we stand for and our respect for certain conventions that have made this country great. “What is shocking is that this is being done in the name of constitutionality and true conservatism and I don’t recognise any of this as that.” Ms Koch, who also criticised the GOP leadership for allowing MAGA Republicans to go “unchecked” during their battles with Democrats, added: “They’re just imitating what they’ve seen [from Trump] all along.” She continued: “Trump knows this damages his re-election chances and that is why he stepped in. “I think it was a long shot anyway from him, maybe he gets the GOP endorsement, I don’t know, but certainly in a general election he never wins again. “I think his role as kingmaker has been waning since January 6.” READ MORE: ‘Close the deal!’ Trump backs Kevin McCarthy as House Speaker and calls end to GOP chaos  The 45th POTUS, who has consistently peddled the unsubstantiated claim that the 2020 election was rigged, held a rally in Washington DC ahead of the verification of the result in January 2021. Following his speech, attendees stormed Congress after Trump urged supporters to “walk down to the Capitol”. Trump was subsequently acquitted when he was impeached for a second time over the riots. However, the January 6 committee has recommended that the 76-year-old should face criminal charges for his involvement. Despite the ex-POTUS being criticised by some GOP strategists, other Republicans rejected that Trump was to blame for the impasse. Harrison Floyd, who worked as executive director of Black Voices for Trump during the 2020 campaign, told Express.co.uk: “If Kevin McCarthy wanted to be Speaker on the first ballot, he should have whipped up the votes, he should have talked to people, he should have made up the deal in November right after the elections happened because he knew that this day was coming. “He clearly did not do the job that was needed to be done to secure a win on the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh or eighth ballot. “If Kevin McCarthy wants to become Speaker then Kevin McCarthy should have done the job that he needed to do to become Speaker. DON'T MISS:Tories accused of creating 'chasm' with Northern Ireland due to Brexit [LATEST]Prince Harry showed signs of 'suppressed anger' in interview footage [ANALYSIS]War ‘likely’ to worsen as Putin accuses West of 'destroying Russia' [INSIGHT] “Former President Trump hasn’t been President for two years, a whole congressional cycle in the House, so how is he to blame?” The US Marine Corps veteran, who urged McCarthy to “stand down and stand aside”, also hailed the 20 holdouts as the “best thing to happen to the United States Congress in the last 100 years” due to their refusal to buckle to Democrats and establishment Republicans. Floyd added: “They wanted to blame Donald Trump for everything but how is he the guy who is holding everything up when he is calling people to vote for Kevin McCarthy.” Seth Weathers, who served as Trump's Georgia state director in 2016, slammed those criticising his former boss. "That sounds like complete b******t," he said. "Donald Trump has been begging for everyone to vote for McCarthy." Weathers continued: "The reality is they [the 20 holdouts] have seen what goes on in DC, they know that Kevin McCarthy is full of s**t and they're tired of it. What do they have to lose?" He added: "All the b******t we saw on TV, acting like the world's falling apart because Congress doesn't have a Speaker, it literally doesn't matter. "What, we've got to rush into session to send another few billion to Ukraine? Nothing's happening." Derek Dufresne, chief strategist for Florida’s Kat Cammack, told Express.co.uk: “Americans sent Republicans to control the House, and while it might take us a bit to get there, Republicans will work with Republicans to form a majority and elect a conservative Speaker.” When asked what was to blame for the additional ballots, he added: “This is a procedural process but certainly a more difficult one to navigate when you’re working with a majority of this size.” A plurality of Representatives, all 212 Democrats, have supported Hakeem Jeffries candidacy. However, 20 Republicans held out in opposition to McCarthy in the most recent ballot, with 13 voting in favour of Florida’s Byron Donalds and seven supporting Oklahoma’s Kevin Hern. Joe Biden, who defeated Mr Trump by more than seven million votes to win the 2020 US Presidential Election, weighed in on the GOP’s leadership crisis on Wednesday. He said: “With regard to the fight over the Speaker, that’s not my problem.  “I just think that it is embarrassing the way it has taken so long and the way they are treating one another.” The impasse in the House comes after Trump became the first candidate to officially enter the 2024 US Presidential Election campaign. He made his so-called “big announcement” at his home in Mar-a-Lago on November 15. The announcement came after the GOP failed to take control of the Senate and lost key gubernatorial contests to Democratic challengers. The midterm elections posed a major electoral problem for Trump after some Republican insiders claimed the 45th President might have lost his title as conservative kingmaker. Florida’s Governor Ron DeSantis has been tipped as a potential Republican rival to challenge Trump for the nomination. DeSantis, who has emerged as the darling of the GOP grassroots, recently edged ahead against the former POTUS in Republican primary opinion polls. Ex-Vice President Mike Pence is also “carefully considering” a run for the Oval Office.  