Prince William said it was "terrifying" people, as young as 13, are at risk of being made homeless in the UK. Speaking to staff at the Depaul UK, William asked: "What age group are you seeing actual risk of homelessness starting?" A member of staff answered him, stating that it was "13 and upwards". Clearly surprised, the 40-year-old replied: "It starts so young, that's terrifying". Like his late mother, Princess Diana, William is a "passionate advocate" for the homeless, as well as those at risk of homelessness. On his visit to Depaul UK, where his late mother visited a few times during the 1990s, William met with various staff and users of the service. READ MORE: Prince Harry told he 'hasn't got a clue what half the words in his own book mean' Depaul UK was founded more than 30 years ago and opened its first Depaul Trust Hostel in Willesden in June 1995. It was launched due to the growing amount of young people sleeping rough in London. Since it was founded, it has grown and developed across the country and delivers homelessness protection services through employment, education and mental health support. Diana visited Depaul UK three times in the 1990s. READ MORE: King Charles and Queen Camilla honour Sophie Wessex on her birthday with touching picture Homelessness is expected to be a key theme of William's work over the next year. The Royal Foundation advertised for a 'Head of Homelessness Programme' last year. The programme aims to lead a project to prove it is possible to deliver "lasting change" to people in the UK without a place to call home. DON'T MISS Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan [COMMENT]William and Kate show 'huge contrast' to Sussexes's 'narcissism' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's titles in jeopardy, new poll shows [POLL] As William visited Depaul UK on his own, Kate carried out her second solo engagement of the past week. On Thursday, Kate was all smiles as she arrived at Hampton Court Palace to host a reception for England's rugby league team. Kate, who is known to have been a keen rugby fan since childhood, has been patron of both the Rugby Football Union and Rugby Football League last year. These were roles previously held by Prince Harry.