Chelsea risk losing out on Rafael Leao as AC Milan step up contract talks to tie down the sought-after Portuguese forward. The Blues appear to be out of the running for Leao amid a lucrative push for World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez, who could cost £112million. Co-owner Todd Boehly made a big statement in the summer with a mammoth £271m transfer spree, making it the biggest outlay in a single window by any Premier League side in history. The American is evidently in no mood to take his foot off the gas with Chelsea among the most active clubs in the first few days of January. Deals have already been agreed for youngsters David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos, but a Premier League-record deal is also in the pipeline. Having impressed on his way to World Cup glory, Argentina star Fernandez is reportedly the subject of a £112m bid from the Blues which could force Benfica's hand. It also reduces the likelihood of other major signings with Boehly looking for a sustainable course of action and Chelsea seeking to stay within UEFA's financial restrictions. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss Having pulled back from interest in Leao, AC Milan could soon capitalise as transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio claims that contract talks are gathering momentum. The Rossoneri are reportedly growing in confidence after 'continuous contact' with the player's camp over the past few days. Leao is under contract at the San Siro until 2024 but a new salary proposal of over £6m per season could steer him away from Manchester City and Real Madrid interest. The 23-year-old is one of Milan's key stars with 10 goal contributions in 14 Serie A matches this campaign and a sequence of impressive displays under his belt at the World Cup. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment As a result, the opportunity to sign him may not come around often but Chelsea seem intent on pouring their resources into Fernandez during the January transfer window after the 21-year-old was named Best Young Player at the Qatar World Cup. Former AC Milan striker Filippo Inzaghi, who scored more than 100 goals during a decade-long stint at the club, has urged Leao to swerve interest from City and Los Blancos to become a hero with his current side. "If I were him, I would stay," said the Italian, who took charge of Reggina during the summer. "For me, Milan has always been the best. To wear that shirt, to play at San Siro. "The risk is that at City or Real he will then end up being one of many. If I could give him a piece of advice, I would tell him to become a flagbearer for Milan, something unique. A few years ago, maybe you could think about aspiring to something more prestigious. "But now Milan won the Scudetto, they make their way in the Champions League. Leao is strong, but he can be even stronger. I hope he will be convinced. Here he can be a protagonist, at the centre of the project." 