Marie Osmond addressed her fortune and explained she had no desire to hand down money to her children because it "breeds laziness". The performer has spent over six decades in the music industry, as the singer, television performer, and talk show host, first found fame as a member of the showbusiness family The Osmonds. The 63-year-old said she had no intention of leaving her fortune to any of her seven children, in a candid new interview. The Nutrisystem ambassador has a reported net worth of $20 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. The singer explained why she won’t be giving her kids — Stephen, 39, Rachael, 31, Jessica, 35, Brandon, 26, Brianna, 24, Matthew, 23, and Abigail, 18 — their inheritances in a recent interview with Us Weekly. "Honestly, why would you enable your child to not try to be something? I don't know anybody who becomes anything if they're just handed money," the Nutrisystem spokeswoman told the publication. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards  "I mean, I’ve done so many things from designing dolls and much more. I love trying, and I wanna try everything. I’m a finisher.” The Paper Roses singer added that she believes inheriting wealth can influence young people to not work hard. She continued: “That’s one of my rules with my kids: If you start it, you finish it. You don’t ever have to do it again, but you gotta finish. And, I just think all an inheritance does is breed laziness and entitlement. I worked hard, and I’m gonna spend it all and have fun with my husband.”  Back in 2020, the singer revealed on The Talk that she won't be leaving her seven children a large sum of money. "Congratulations, kids," the star began. "My husband and I decided that you do a great disservice to your children to just hand them a fortune because you take away the one most important gifts you can give your children, and that's the ability to work." She continued: "You see it a lot in rich families, where the kids don't know what to do so they get in trouble, so I just let them be proud of what they make." Marie concluded by saying she was “going to give [her money] to [her] charity.” DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley's children to inherit Graceland[LATEST]Rod Stewart's family rush to congratulate son amid exciting baby news[ANNOUNCEMENT]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood finally addresses Naga Munchetty 'feud'[TV] During the episode, the actress referenced Kirk Douglas — who died in February of that year — and gave his millions to charity instead of his kids. The Utah native added: "I’m going to give mine to my charity." Although she is best known for her family's musical group, The Osmonds, Marie still made a name for herself as a solo pop and country artist. One of her most popular hit singles was her remake of the country song Paper Roses, originally written by Fred Spielman and Janice Torre.  The brother and sister also toured together playing residences on Broadway, Las Vegas and Atlantic City, New Jersey. Outside of music, Marie delved into the film business in the 1970s, having appeared in countless television films. By the early 2000s, the former Ripley’s Believe It or Not! host joined the season 5 cast of Dancing With the Stars, finishing in third place.