Pizza is easy to make from scratch and even easier to cook pre-made or frozen, yet many people make the same mistake when enjoying any leftovers the following day. Eating cooked slices cold isn't to everyone's taste but heating them up can leave you with a soggy base if you're not careful. Experts at Just Spices have shared the "perfect hack" to ensure your leftovers are hot, crispy and taste just as fresh as when they were first cooked. As with most foods, pizza needs to be stored correctly to ensure it is safe to eat and still full of flavour when you tuck into the remaining slices. While you may think it can be wrapped up and left overnight like bread, the team at Just Spiced warned against it. They said: "You should not store the pizza slices at room temperature overnight. Otherwise, the dough will become soggy. Instead, cover it with cling film and put it in the fridge. "If the pizza was delivered in a box, take it out to store in the fridge. The cardboard will absorb the moisture from the sauce and toppings, and your pizza will soon be a sodden heap of misery!" When it comes to heating up your leftovers the microwave is the quickest and easiest appliance to use, though it could also be the reason why the base changes texture at the last minute. READ MORE: I made Prince William & Harry's 'favourite' £3.97 Spaghetti Bolognese According to the spice experts, microwaving pizza can cause it to "get soggy quickly" and "lose its flavour". However, there is a way to use it for reheating bread-based foods without this happening. Instead of placing the slices open on a plate or dish, you should use a second place to seal most of the air off. The Just Spices team said: "With this simple trick you'll have a really nice and crispy pizza crust in no time at all. "Simply put the pizza slices on a plate and cover them with another plate. Make sure that there is still air between the two plates. Now put a glass with water in the microwave and heat everything up for a few minutes. "The resulting steam ensures that the dough is not soggy, but stays crispy, just as it should!" DON'T MISS:Best casserole method to avoid a 'soggy' dish - 6 rules to follow [INSIGHT]'Easily' cut the sugar levels in home bakes using 'one third' rule [REVEAL]Asda splits opinion with new meal plan to feed family of four for £20 [DEALS] If you don't have a microwave on hand, you can use the oven or even a pan instead. You will however need baking paper and tin foil to guarantee crispy results. To warm up cold pizza in a pan, heat the empty pan until hot before adding the leftovers. Cover with a sheet of tin foil to trap heat. The spice experts warned against putting any kind of fat in the pan, including oil or butter as this could ruin the texture of the dough and turn it "mushy". Wait until the cheese has melted before removing the foil and enjoying your freshly cooked pizza. READ MORE: Winter soup recipes to enjoy seasonal vegetables 'at their best' To warm up your leftovers in the oven, simply place some baking paper on a tray and place the cold slices of pizza on top. Sprinkle the top of the food with a very small amount of water, being careful not to use too much. The team at Just Spices noted that it will "quickly become muddy" if you do use too much. Slowly heat the pizza slices at around 100C on a fan oven setting, making sure the temperature is not too high to protect the dough from drying out. For a "finishing touch", the spices experts recommended adding a sprinkle of salt, pepper, chilli, herbs or other seasonings to boost the flavour.  While you may think pizza is a relatively safe food to eat without the risk of food poisoning, reheating it more than once can be problematic - particularly if it contains meat or fish toppings. According to the Food Standards Agency (FSA), foods should only be reheated once. They explained that when you do cook it through for a second time, it should be piping hot all the way through to ensure any bacteria has been destroyed. They added that while home-cooked meals can safely be reheated more than once, you should "be more cautious" when eating leftover takeaways. This is because it is unlikely you will know specifically how the food was cooked. For example, it may have already been reheated, or some ingredients may have been cooked separately from the overall dish in advance.