If you've just treated yourself to a shiny new Galaxy smartphone then you might want to avoid seeing any Samsung news this week. The Korean technology giant has confirmed that it will be releasing a fully rebooted device this in the coming days and it's almost certain that it will offer new features, more power under the hood and improved images shot on its rear camera. The grand unveiling will take place at one of Samsung's famous Unpacked events on February 1 and ahead of the official launch the company has already teased what could be included. Revealing some early details Dr. TM Roh, President & Head of MX Business, Samsung Electronics confirmed that the upcoming phones will snap much better images thanks to a pro-grade camera system. Thanks to improvements to the hardware and some better AI on the device, this update should mean users get the best photos and videos no matter what the conditions or how much of an amateur photographer they are. As well as that boost to the rear snapper, it also appears that the S23 will be much more powerful with Roh confirming that the processor is getting a boost. "Along with the hardware and software optimization, our newest chipset born out of Samsung’s open partnership philosophy enables the fastest and most powerful Galaxy performance," said Roh. READ MORE: Sky, BT and Virgin Media RATED! Is your broadband the worst in the UK? That statement matches a similar announcement from US firm Qualcomm who teased last year that it's latest chips would be coming to all new Galaxy phones. Speaking during an investors call late last year, Qualcomm boss Christiano Amon said: "I think what we see right now is, structurally, we're very well positioned. "In handsets, we entered into a new multiyear agreement with Samsung, expanding the use of Snapdragon platforms for future premium Samsung Galaxy products globally. "We expect in the March quarter also to see the benefit of our increased share of Samsung." If Samsung does switch to Qualcomm power for all of its upcoming devices it will mark a big shift from previous years. Flagships such as the Galaxy S22 range have included a mix of Qualcomm and Samsung's own Exynos chips which has always felt very confusing. All signs now point to every Galaxy S23 getting the new Snapdragon Gen 2 brains which are not only more powerful but also far more efficient meaning longer battery life. Along with Samsung and Qualcomm dishing out some big hints, there are of course the usual rumours and leaks about the upcoming S23 range. Most experts believe the range will feature a standard model which will launch alongside a bigger S23 Plus and the ultimate S23 Ultra which, like last year, will include the S Pen stylus. We'll have to wait and see exactly what is going to be revealed but with the event just a few days away, there's not long left to wait.