The Mayor of a French city has asked singer Madonna to loan her classical art piece to the city after it went missing more than 100 years ago. The piece by Jerome-Martin Langlois was lost amid the chaos of World War 1 after a museum in the city was evacuated. It was first spotted in Madonna’s home in a photograph published in a magazine back in 2015.  Armiens Mayor Brigitte Foure has pleaded for the oil painting named Diana and Endymion in a social media video targeted at Madonna. She said: "Madonna, you probably haven’t heard of Amiens … but there is a special link between you and our city. "This painting is probably a work that was lent to the Amiens museum by the Louvre before the first world war after which we lost trace of it." Langois’ art was commissioned by Louis XVIII of France to hang up in the Palace of Versailles. READ MORE: Putin leads Russia into 'catastrophe' with £82bn economic blow    Finished in 1822, it was taken by the French Republic in 1873 and in 1878 was displayed at the Musee des Beaux, now the Musee de Picardie, in Amiens. But the painting, which people think somehow ended up at Madonna's home, was believed to have been ripped to shreds as the city was bombed in 1918. However, it is uncertain whether Madonna’s painting is a replica or the original version. In 1989 Madonna paid the equivalent of one million pounds for the painting after the painting or identical copy turned up at the New York auction house Sotheby’s, the French publication Le Figaro reported.  Madonna’s painting appears to be 3cm smaller than the original which disappeared from Amiens, prompting experts to doubt its authenticity. Despite the doubts, Mayor Foure is keen to grab back the work as part of a bid to win the title of European capital of culture in 2028. Mayor Foure added: "Clearly, we don’t contest in any way that you have acquired this work legally. "Could you lend us this work for the occasion of our bid to become European capital of culture in 2028 so our local inhabitants can rediscover this work and enjoy it?    "That is my prayer, the wish I am presenting to you." Following the auction, nobody in France seemed to recognise the work as that of Langois’. Madonna’s owned piece has its date and signature removed. But a curator spotted it back in 2015 in the background of a photograph in Paris Match Magazine. Amiens, famed for its stunning Gothic architecture, is a city in northern France with a population of around 130,000 people.  Its Notre-Dame cathedral, which has more than 700 statues attached, was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981. A criminal complaint was made to the French authorities that the painting and 14 other historical works were stolen in 2015. The French Police began an enquiry that has reportedly made no progress over the years. But even if the painting was stolen, Madonna bought the painting in good faith and is clearly not involved in any wrongdoing. 