British tourists don’t have to travel overseas to try one of the world’s best adventure holidays. The Bucket List Company has found the world’s top 10 adventures for 2023. READ MORE: ‘Vibrant’ seaside hotspot named as most romantic staycation  The team looked at the number of searches, social interactions and ratings to find the ultimate adventure holiday. The Three Peaks Challenge came in at third place with almost 10,000 Google searches and a high rating. The tricky challenge involves climbing the highest mountains in England, Wales and Scotland within 24 hours. With a total walking distance of 23 miles and total ascent of 3,064m, the challenge shouldn’t be taken lightly.  Hikers can either undertake the Three Peaks challenge by themselves or join a professionally organised event. During the challenge, tourists will scale Snowdon, Scafell Pike and Ben Nevis with Ben Nevis the highest peak at 1345m. Many people choose to collect sponsorship money for a charity when they take part in the Three Peaks Challenge. Although many people undertake the challenge within 23 hours, people can also set their own timescale for the ascents. READ MORE: Cruise expert explains reason to book an ‘older ship’   Niagara Falls in Canada topped the list as the most searched for and best-rated adventure holiday destination. The group of three waterfalls is one of Canada’s top attractions and is usually busiest during the summer. A trek to Everest Base Camp was the second highest rated adventure holiday in the world but tourists will need to have a minimum level of fitness to attempt it. The hiking trail is often called ‘the steps to heaven’ and takes in stunning views of glaciers, forest and foothills. The trek can be difficult in parts and people will need a reasonable level of fitness to take part. Safari in Tanzania also made the top five list while a surfing holiday in Sri Lanka was top of many travellers’ bucket lists. Ama Dablam, another of Nepal’s majestic Himalayan peaks, rounded off the top five adventures on the list. Nepal dominated the list with the Annapurna circuit trek and Mera Peak also making the top 10.