Walter White’s (played by Bryan Cranston) arc in Breaking Bad was plagued with a number of life-altering and deadly choices as a high school chemistry teacher became one of the world’s most wanted meth manufacturers. And the weight of delivering such a hard-hitting performance certainly took its toll on actor Cranston who recalled to Clarkson on her NBC talk show how a death scene involving Krysten Ritter’s Jane in the AMC drama left him as an actor “choked up”. Now starring in Showtime drama, Your Honor, Cranston plays a typically by-the-book judge who battles with his own moral compass to spare his own son jail time for his part in a car collision. Your Honor follows Cranston’s Michael Desiato who knows that having his son Adam (Hunter Doohan) face justice would inevitably result in his death given the victim of the accident was the son of a well-known mob boss. Being a parent himself, Clarkson probed Cranston on how he approaches such hard-hitting parental storylines in the series - and it didn’t take long for the emotions to take over. “I know you’re an actor, y’all acting, I get it,” Clarkson asked. “But is it hard when you are a parent when you do scenes like that? READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled “When you have to go to that place of like, ‘What if I lost (a child).’ That would be very hard,” she inquired. Cranston instantly had an example which came to mind involving his Breaking Bad alter-ego Walter White in which he watched Jane die. Jane had proven a bad influence on Walter’s drug-dealing partner Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), getting him hooked on heroin and encouraging him to cut ties with Walter and flee with his share of their cash. So when Walter broke into Jesse’s home to find the two passed out after taking the drug, resulting in Jane vomiting and beginning to choke on her own sick, Walter did nothing but watch on in horror. This moment was pivotal in moving Walter’s storyline along as it showed how calculated and ruthless the previously caring teacher had become in his quest for success. Recalling the scene, Cranston told Clarkson: “I did a scene on Breaking Bad where I was watching a woman die in the second season and being prepared for that. “And then all of a sudden, her face left and the face of my real daughter showed up. “I was watching my real daughter die in front of me, and it choked me…” Cranston said before he took a moment and tears filled his eyes. “I even get a little choked up now.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister over fast foodAubrey Plaza leaves SNL fans ‘in tears’ with Parks and Rec skitSEAL Team’s Ray Perry star's tribute to David Boreanaz over season 7 Clarkson also felt her so overcome with emotion, telling Cranston: “I know, I’m tearing up, I’m like don’t do that.” Delving further, the Braking Bad star continued: “And it, for about two or three seconds, I saw my daughter’s face and it choked me up. “Then it went away and Krysten Ritter’s face came back and there she was and it was like, ‘Oh, my God.’” However, Cranston was able to move on from the hard-hitting moment as he explained it’s part of a “risk” actors take. “It’s an emotional risk that actors go through,” he said. “We have to put ourselves in a position of vulnerability for that to possibly happen because you’re willing to go into the unknown really.” Cranston’s ability to throw himself into the darkest parts of Walter’s psyche reaped its rewards during his tenure on the AMC series. The star bagged a number of Emmys for his stint on the show as well as a Golden Globe for his work. Braking Bad seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix UK now.