There are just eight teams remaining with the chance to lift the Super Bowl this season in the NFL, and the San Francisco 49ers are hoping to replicate their run in 2019. They're known for their solid defence, and offensive line Daniel Brunskill is confident that it can take them all the way to the championship. The 49ers haven't won the Super Bowl since 1995, but there is a sense of belief that this could finally be their year. Standing in their way this week is the Dallas Cowboys, who travel to Levi's Stadium hoping to advance to the NFC Championship game next weekend. Both sides cruised past their opposition on Wild Card Weekend, with the 49ers scoring 41 one points while the Cowboys humiliated Tom Brady and his Tampa Bay Buccaneers side. Their offense may be firing, but it's the defence that could be the difference for the 49ers this season. OL Brunskill thinks they have one of the very best, and told Express Sport that it'll be down to them if they win the Super Bowl. READ MORE: Rob Gronkowski tears into Tom Brady's NFL rival Aaron Rodgers in brutal verdict "Defence wins championships, that's a known fact," Brunskill exclusively told Express Sport. "We have a bunch of playmakers but at the end of the day it's going to be how good our defence is. "Our defence is the reason we get a lot of turnovers and get into great field position, which is why we are scoring so many points. Of course, having those playmakers does make a difference, you see teams in the past have those talented players but a good defence can keep them away. "You need a good defence to play too, and I think ours is playing really well. They're just going to keep getting better and better, they're definitely the strength of this team, and we take pride in that. DON'T MISS:  "Having both (offense and defence) is amazing, but those guys on the defence you have to give a lot of credit. I don't know if they finished no.1 in the league, but they're certainly one of the best." And Brunskill is starting to think that this could be their year, and even drew comparisons to the team in 2019 that were just one quarter away from winning the Super Bowl. "Yeah, we definitely have a chance, and it feels like 2019 again," Brunskill added. "That's all you can ask for is a chance to go, and we've got to do everything we can to go and stay locked in. When we're firing on all cylinders we are a tough team to beat. "We have to stay focused, we have to stay locked in, we have to execute as much as we can. When our defence is playing great and our offense is playing great we are hard to be stopped. "It's more about how do we not beat ourselves, eliminating penalties and eliminating negative plays, that's what it'll come down to." They'll also have a certain Micah Parsons to deal with, and the Cowboys also have a stacked defence. "At the end of the day you've got to know where Micah is at all times because he's such a good player. But they've got good players all over so they've just got a tonne of challenges."