The King and Queen Consort wanted Kate Middleton to change the way she spelt her name because there were already too many other members of Royal Family whose names began with a 'C', Prince Harry claimed in his new controversial memoir Spare. The Duke of Sussex said his father, then the Prince of Wales, made the request when the now Princess of Wales joined the Royal Family.  The now-Princess of Wales is perhaps best known to many Brits as Kate Middleton. in fact, when the couple announced their engagement, William constantly referred to his then-future wife by the nickname she rarely uses now - calling her Kate nine times during the interview. But according to royal expert Adam Helliker, she had dropped the name Kate in favour of Catherine long before, while she and Prince William were still dating. Writing in a Sunday Express column, he said she was "preparing for her future role", with a friend of the Duchess telling him at the time: "Everyone knows it’s about to happen with Kate and William, but we were a little surprised about the request to call her Catherine. There is a distinct feeling she has started to become very aware of her position." However, Harry writes that when Kate first joined the Royal Family, his father felt there were too many names starting with a ‘C’ and it would cause confusion - particularly in the case when it came to the cypers the personal monogram of a member of the Firm.  In Harry's memoir, the Duke also claims that the King admired the Princess of Wales' hair having "often spoken" about how lovely it was, according to an extract in the Daily Mail. He also mentions that the King and his grandmother the late Queen Elizabeth liked "women with their hair down" as well as minimal make up. According to the Duke, Meghan Markle emulated this look when she went to meet her future father and mother-in-law at Clarence House, where he recalls that they ate crumpets with marmite and salmon sandwiches. A number of the more explosive revelations in the Duke's memoir relate to the Princess of Wales, including that his brother and sister-in-law encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to fancy dress party in 2005. DON'T MISS: Sussexes enter new 'disaster zone' over Netflix & book backlash [REVEAL] Harry recalls Camilla turning his bedroom into her dressing room [INSIGHT] Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke made headlines when he wore the outfit to Richard Meade's "native and colonial"-themed party while Prince William wore a lion costume. According to a Spanish translation of the book, the Duchess of Sussex also upset the Princess of Wales when Meghan said that Kate must have a "baby brain" during a phone call in the run up to the royal wedding in 2018. He also revealed that the Princess of Wales was irritated when his wife asked her if she could borrow some lip gloss only reluctantly giving her some. The Sussexes were also offended when the Waleses' switched place cards and changed seats at their wedding, according to The Daily Telegraph. According to the Duke, he and his wife were following the American custom of placing couples next to each other. 