Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield welcomed starts of new horror film Knock at the Cabin Rupert Grint and Ben Aldridge onto This Morning. Before interviewing the actors, Phillip couldn’t resist pranking Holly by making her jump. The nervous presenter walked away from her co-host declaring: “I’ll go away, you’re on your own!” Phillip began: “What would you do if you had to make a decision that would affect life as we know it across the entire world?" Holly continued: "Well that's the premise of the new horror film Knock at the Cabin, which asks one family to make an impossible choice." "Before we find out more from its stars, Rupert Grint and Ben Aldridge, here's a little bit of what to…,” Phillip said. Cutting himself off, Phillip made a loud noise causing Holly to jump and almost swear. "I haven't done that for a while! Perfect," Phillip quipped. Read more: Phillip Schofield apologises to This Morning guest as Holly loses it “Here’s a little bit of what to expect, for those of a nervous disposition grab yourself a cushion.” "I'll go away, bye. You're on your own!" Holly said as she walked off camera. This Morning viewers were convinced they heard the presenter swear but Holly stopped herself just in time. UKTVForever questioned: “#thismorning Did Holly Just say the F Word??” Craggleprice agreed: “Hahaha I swear holly was about to say f**k then lol #thismorning.” Ophelia_ButtsUK tweeted: “I swear Holly dropped the F word  #thismorning.” However, ZoeC23 replied: “Sounds like she started to say it but stopped herself.” Holly returned after the film trailer and joined Phillip, Rupert and Ben on the This Morning sofa. DON'T MISSGMB fans fume over 'stupid' Crufts dog ban debate [INTERVIEW]GMB fury as Yvette Cooper grilled in 'ridiculous' bed changing row [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [INSIGHT] During the interview, Phillip expressed his interest in the film and teased that Holly would also be keen despite her “nervous disposition”. The presenter said that his co-host would be “right at the front of the queue” to see the new film. After the controversial queue-gate scandal, This Morning viewers picked up on the comment. GaryVaux tweeted: “Brave of Phillip to say ‘Holly will be right at the front of the queue’ #ThisMorning.” (sic) “‘Holly will be straight at the front of the queue’ Course she will Phil, with you there by her side #ThisMorning,” DavidMackayy added. (sic) Holly and Phillip sparked an uproar last year when it appeared skipped the queue to see the Queen’s coffin lying-in-state at Westminster Hall. The presenters apologised and reiterated that they “would never jump a queue” and “respected the rules”. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.