Liverpool transfer target Sofyan Amrabat could be set for a massive deadline day move from Fiorentina to Barcelona following his exploits for Morocco at last year’s World Cup. The Reds have been linked with the ace this month as boss Jurgen Klopp attempts to solve his team’s woes on the pitch following a dismal run of form. Amrabat was born in the Netherlands and came through the academy at Utrecht before signing for Feyenoord in 2017. He went on to play for Club Brugge and Verona, before putting pen to paper on a deal with Fiorentina in 2020. And he has racked-up 83 appearances for his current employers. Amrabat opted to represent Morocco at international level and played a starring role at the World Cup as his country defied the odds to reach the semi-finals, before succumbing to eventual champions France. The 26-year-old midfielder played every second of every match in Qatar and made a name for himself while playing against a host of household names. A move to the Premier League appeared to be on the cards, with Klopp taking an interest in the ace following his stellar performances for his country. But, according to journalist Gerard Romero, Barcelona will now attempt to sign Amrabat before Tuesday’s transfer deadline passes. The transfer would only be a loan deal until the end of the campaign, however, and the Catalan giants would have no option to buy him in the summer. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline The Daily Mail have reported that Barcelona and Amrabat have both agreed to the switch, with the decision now resting with Fiorentina over whether it goes ahead. Barcelona manager Xavi is keen to complete the signing of the player as it would give him another midfield option to compete with 34-year-old legendary Spain star Sergi Busquets, who is in the last year of his contract at the Nou Camp. Amrabat would become Barca’s first signing of the January window if Fiorentina sanction the move. Barca have been restricted in the market because of Financial Fair Play regulations and were told they couldn’t register the new contracts of Gavi and Ronald Araujo last week. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute  Earlier this month, it was reported that Klopp attended a meeting with Amrabat’s representatives in an attempt to convince the player to move to Anfield. But the German failed in his approach as Amrabat ultimately decided to look at other opportunities. Tottenham were also linked with the ace a year ago as Antonio Conte desperately pursued new faces two months after being appointed Spurs boss. But the Italian signed fellow midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur from Juventus instead. 