Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) is set to come up against a fight when it comes to April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) getting involved with the wrong crowd. April's rebelling against Rhona and her father Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) could put pressure on their relationship. Leyla Cavanagh (Roxy Shahidi) could also be set to fight to see her son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) after she's met with an angry David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden). Whilst the Dingle family are put under pressure as the police get closer to finding out the truth about Al Chapman's (Michael Wildman) murder. When Naomi Walters (Karene Peter) arrives late for work at the Woolpack, it’s clear there’s still tension between her and Rhona. Marshall arrives at the cafe and gets into an argument with April, who ends up punching him. Things go from bad to worse for Rhona when she discovers April hasn’t just punched someone but has also had a piercing. With Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) in her ear, Rhona starts to worry about Naomi’s malign influence and soon confronts Naomi about her influence over April. READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast Their argument ends in a physical altercation and Rhona’s livid when Marlon doesn’t take her side. The next day, Rhona attempts to make peace with April by planning a surprise 80’s themed party. Later, when Naomi arrives to find Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) asking Rhona about her, she’s left dreading what’s to come. Soon Naomi tells dad Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) she’s been fired from the Woolpack. When April tells Rhona and Marlon that the belly button piercing was her own idea, Rhona is faced with a decision on how to move forward with her behaviour. Jacob’s in hospital but worried when David urges him to lie to the police about the stabbing. Jacob’s conflicted but commits to the lie when the police question him and David’s stunned by an offer to buy the shop has come from Eric Pollard (Christopher Chittell). Despite feeling guilty about Eric’s retirement plans now being put on hold, David’s massively relieved he’ll be able to keep his home and business. The next day, Leyla probes David for an update on what Jacob has told the police about the stabbing David won’t say and he restates his demand for Leyla to stay away from their son. Will she agree? Or has she finally found the courage to fight for her son? DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart leaves Dermot O’Leary staggered with racy sex confession [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [WATCH]Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [LATEST] Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) is concerned when a police officer approaches her. At Butler’s farm, Moira Dingle’s (Natalie J Robb) also confronted by the police and at Jacob's Fold, Mackenzie Boyd's (Lawrence Robb) alarmed when the police want to take him to the station to answer some questions. In a police interview room, Moira sticks to her story when DS Malik (Tibu Fortes) questions her on her trip away with Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn). Whilst in his interview, Mackenzie’s tight-lipped when DS Malik presses him for information on Kyle, whilst a panicked Amy desperately tries to stick to the line as her police interview continues. Poor Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) is rattled when DS Malik reminds him of the serious consequences of perverting the course of justice. Later, Matty, Moira, Amy and Mackenzie regroup at Butler's Farm after their afternoon at the police station. They realise how high the stakes are for everybody. The next day, Moira remains anxious about Caleb Milligan’s (William Ash) involvement in Kyle’s case. Caleb knows just how high the stakes are but is defensive when Amy and Moira question his methods. Moira’s relieved to be back on speaking terms when Cain arranges a call for that afternoon. But when DS Malik arrives at Butlers, to bring an anxious Kyle back in for questioning, things take a turn for the worse. At the police station, Kyle reaffirms that it was he who killed Al. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.