A family in Wigan have been left homeless after a huge fire destroyed their family home and killed their beloved pet cat. Mother Jade Beaumont, 29, said she was "breaking down" after returning home to discover the house was merely a "shell" following the blaze. The fire was caused by a tumble dryer while the family were away for the weekend, however their cat Charlie was not so lucky. Ms Beaumont, from Clackheaton, posted on Facebook how she and her husband Simon, 31, and son Jack, three, found their home destroyed last Monday. She wrote: "We have come back to no home, just the shell of the house. Absolutely everything we owned and the home we built is gone. "I didn’t hear the smoke alarm until I got to the front door so there was no chance the neighbours would hear. It was bizarre, there was no signs from the outside, the first thing I noticed was the blinds were melted and I completely broke down not even knowing yet how severe the damage was.  "Our poor Charlie- Cat who has been part of our family for 15 years didn’t make it. "One of the fireman promised us she didn’t suffer or burn but died in her sleep. "You never think it’s going to happen to you. I can’t describe how devastated we are, my poor dad’s house and all the work he’s put into it just doesn’t exist anymore."  READ MORE: Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ The blaze was ignited by the tumble dryer, which was switched on at the time although it was not in use. Ms Beaumont thanked friends and family for all their kind help, for offering to provide clothes, food, accommodation, painting and decorating services during this difficult period. She has also warned others to make sure they switch off their electrical appliances whenever they leave the house.  DON'T MISS:Brexit voters less confident in leaving EU due to economic fears [LATEST]Virginia school ‘couldn’t be bothered’ to stop child with a gun [ANALYSIS]Truck-size asteroid to make ‘extraordinarily close approach’ to Earth [REPORT] She added: "I’ve spent all day crying, not because of the damage or the belongings but because of the pure kindness my family, friends, friends of friends and complete strangers have shown us! I’m so overwhelmed how much support we have been offered." A GoFundMe has been set up by her sister Holleigh Jankowicz, 28, to help the family get through losing their home. She said: "Jade was absolutely distraught and in pieces. It was heartbreaking, she called me up and was just screaming down the phone." 