Clarke Reynolds was just six when he began to lose the sight in his right eye. He was eventually diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa, an incurable and rare condition that over time damages cells in the retina. Later in his mid-thirties, the sight in his right eye began to deteriorate, too. Today aged 41, he is registered blind with just five percent vision. All of which makes his career as an artist just that bit more inspirational. Despite having begun to lose his sight, he knew he wanted to be an artist from a very early age. And he has used seeing, sight and vision – all of which the vast majority of us take very happily for granted – as touchstones in his art. His first solo London show, The Power Of Touch, which opened this week, has raised typographical dots, a form of braille, at its heart. Like all his work, he hopes it helps change perceptions of the blinds and visually impaired. Yet losing his sight was only one challenge Clarke faced. Growing up in Portsmouth on one of the city’s most deprived housing estates, he lived in a household where domestic violence and heavy-drinking were the norm and his step-father frequently sold his toys to buy alcohol. Clarke and his younger brother Philip, he recalls, were raised on a “teddy bear’s breakfast” of bread, milk and sugar. Yet at the point when his life seemed most bleak, something wonderful happened. His primary school arranged a class trip to Portsmouth’s Aspex art gallery where he was mesmerised by the pictures on its walls. “I knew from that moment on, aged six, I wanted to be an artist,” he tells me today. From that day onwards, as his brother played in the park next to the gallery, Clarke returned frequently with his sketchbook and pencils to draw the works. Sadly, the two brothers’ paths would never converge again.  While Clarke is clearly on the ascent, Phil died four years ago, aged 35 and homeless. Today he tells me how his exhibition, in part, tries to explain how art “became my light when my world was getting darker”. “It describes how art saved my life,” says Clarke. “If I hadn’t had art I would have ended up like my brother. He died in a street corner of Newquay. We were only two years apart.” Clarke, open and chatty, is one of life’s grafters. He became a full-time artist in his thirties after his sight deteriorated in his second eye – forcing him to give up his job as a dental model maker. With just five percent vision, he is registered as severely sight impaired. “How I see is like looking underwater so it’s blurry and sometimes I pick up some detail,” he explains. Using the tactility of fabrics as his inspiration, he devised a colour-coded braille system using raised dots that people touch to decode messages and understand his work. “Your brain will start to learn the patterns just like it does with logos,” he says. “At first it will look like thousands of dots but your brain will start to remember patterns without realising it because of the colours – so even without touching it you are learning Braille.” Ultimately, he hopes visitors will feel some of the sense of wonder and excitement he felt when he discovered art aged of six.  “A lot of people feel they can’t go to art exhibitions because they feel they don’t understand them,” he says. “They think they need to have an art history degree to fully appreciate the work – but art is for everyone. “And by touching art you get a sense of it being something different. It’s almost like a Sudoku moment for adults. A person will typically look at an artwork for several seconds but adults at my exhibition will decode one [piece of art] and then another and before they know it they are there for three hours.” Clarke champions blind and visually-impaired people in his colourful pieces and also teaches Braille to children in school. By encouraging a hands-on approach, he hopes to create greater empathy and understanding around sight loss. “Covid made it more important because there was that idea that we weren’t supposed to touch anything – but touch is how blind people navigate [the world],” he explains. “We should start to think about touching things more. “My art is more than an image on the wall; it breaks down barriers. We’ll start to talk about sight loss because a blind artist has created this work. We don’t talk about sight loss much in this country. We’re very taboo.” A devoted father to eight-year-old Dakota-Rain, who has cerebral palsy, Clarke regularly encounters prejudice and ignorance from others. “Unfortunately, people still come up to me and say, ‘It’s nice you’ve got a hobby’ because I’ve got the words disabled or blind in front of my name now,” he says. “But I was an artist before I lost my sight.”  He had already overcome so much by the time he started to lose the sight in his remaining eye. A kidney problem that in childhood had left him at times physically incapable of picking up a pencil or brush. After studying for an NVQ diploma in art and design, he gained his degree in model making. “I was ready for the world but the world threw it back in my face because of the 2008 financial crisis,” he says. “I stacked shelves for ten years until I got my job. It was really interesting, I loved it… and then I started noticing a dark shadow in my other eye. I thought it was tiredness or I needed to wear stronger lens glasses.” Life remains a struggle. Clarke and his partner Anita live in a council flat that is difficult for his daughter to manoeuvre around, so he has to carry her up and down several flights of steep and tightly angled stairs. Art has been the one constant in his life amid the surrounding turmoil. Even his sketchbook was the one item his abusive stepfather could never sell. “Everything that’s happened in my life has made me the artist who I am today,” he says. “I can’t change being blind and I can’t mope about it. I say I love being blind because I love what I do. I love engaging [with others] and talking about sight loss and breaking down barriers. Maybe I had to go blind to learn Braille and bring it to the masses.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea His sight loss doesn’t bother him except for one thing. “I will only see my daughter as a young child, I will never see her [clearly] as a fully grown woman and that does upset me.” The pair have a close and nurturing relationship. Dakota-Rain will signal lamp posts or other obstacles in her dad’s path when they’re out together. “I see her through conversations that we have,” Clarke smiles. He beams with pride at the memory of her doing her first Braille workshop with him. “I have lived life as a sighted person and non-sighted person, I have the power to start changing perceptions of blind and visually impaired people,” he begins. After a brief pause, he bursts out: “Why can’t I be as big as Damien Hirst and go on Strictly Come Dancing? Why not? I want a TV show like [the children’s arts and crafts show] Mister Maker, but it would be called Mister Dot where I could talk about sight loss and have fun. “The beauty of art is that you never have to grow old.” 