Leeds United sporting director Victor Orta could bring two new players to Elland Road over the coming days, with a full agreement edging closer for Georginio Rutter and a bid dispatched for World Cup star Azzedine Ounahi, as the Whites put plans in place to pull away from the Premier League relegation zone. Leeds have already snapped up Max Wober from RB Salzburg this month as manager Jesse Marsch looks to rectify his leaky defence. There is no sign of the club stopping their revamp there, and two particular targets are thought to be edging towards Elland Road. The first is Hoffenheim forward Rutter, who has notched four goal contributions in 15 Bundesliga games this season. The 20-year-old is tipped for a bright future and would reportedly come with a price tag of £26.5million. Personal terms are already thought to have been agreed between Leeds and Rutter, while a full agreement is creeping closer with Hoffenheim over the financial aspects of the transfer. DON'T MISS: Liverpool can accomplish Torres transfer repeat with Josko Gvardiol Rodrigo Moreno has been in fine form up front for Leeds this campaign with 10 Premier League goals, but Patrick Bamford's injury woes have landed Marsch with a strength-in-depth issue. Rutter came through the ranks with Rennes before moving to Hoffenheim in 2021, and he is capped up to France U21 level. Also on Orta's radar is Moroccan World Cup star Ounahi. Foot Mercato claim that the Whites have dispatched a bid for the 22-year-old midfielder with Angers receiving plenty of phone calls following his heroics in Qatar. READ MORE... Tottenham face transfer dilemma as duo divide opinion in FA Cup win Arsenal and Chelsea offered Evan Ndicka but hidden cost threatens deal Boreham Wood FC confuse FA Cup fans as they plot magical run Leicester City and Napoli have also been credited with interest but both sides are believed to be discussing low-ball offers as Angers supposedly hold out for their £39.5m valuation. That figure could be a stretch for Leeds, unless Orta can negotiate a fee closer to those offered by the aforementioned duo, with Napoli's bid reportedly coming in at £13m. Ounahi played in the French third division as recently as 2021 but his star has risen quickly and he was a key figure as Morocco powered all the way to the World Cup semi-finals late last year. This campaign the youngster has started 13 Ligue 1 matches as Angers sit bottom of the standings.  Leeds were caught up in a relegation dogfight last campaign and only ensured their safety on the very last day thanks to an away win over Brentford. Marsch and co have pressed on this season without last term's star performer, Raphinha, following his move to Barcelona in the summer. The Whites are currently two points above the relegation zone amid a run of four winless Premier League games and they get their FA Cup bid underway with a third-round clash at home to Cardiff City on Sunday.