Liverpool will be hoping to continue their winning run when they face off against Brentford this evening, although Jurgen Klopp has hinted Cody Gakpo will need to wait to make his debut. Express Sport takes a look at the likely starting line-up Klopp will go with this evening. No reason to change things between the sticks with Alisson continuing to save Liverpool's skin on a number of occasions. Caoimhin Kelleher is still highly-rated by Klopp and the Liverpool coaching staff, but his chance may come in the FA Cup tie against Wolves on Saturday. Alisson has suffered injury issues in the past few years which has forced him to miss several games. But he's the No 1 pick when fully fit and Liverpool's defensive line looks a lot stronger with him in goal. Ibrahima Konate could be set to return to the starting line-up after making his return to the matchday squad against Leicester. The Frenchman has had a stop-start campaign at Liverpool so far due to injuries and the World Cup, but he's back to full fitness and could start to give Joel Matip a rest.  But Kostas Tsimikas will likely be called upon to take Andy Robertson's place after the Scot was forced off with a knock against the Foxes. Klopp stated after the game that Robertson's injury was nothing serious, but the Liverpool boss will unlikely want to take any chances. Fabinho missed the game against Leicester due to his partner, Rebeca, giving birth to their baby boy. Rebeca announced on New Year's Day the birth of their son, Israel Tavares, meaning Fabinho could be in contention to return against Brentford.  Liverpool are short of options in central midfield to rotate around but Naby Keita may get his chance in the starting line-up to give Jordan Henderson a rest. Thiago Alcantara has dictated the midfield since the Premier League season resumed and Klopp will want him back in the mix against Brentford. Klopp has admitted that he finds it unlikely Gakpo's paperwork will go through in time for the Dutchman to make his debut against Brentford. It means Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah will likely be leading the line once again for the Reds. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has started alongside them in both games against Aston Villa and Leicester, but he's struggled to make an impact. Fabio Carvalho is fresh having been an unused substitute in both those matches and could be called upon.