Novak Djokovic has responded to Australians who were left “angry and frustrated” by his Covid vaccine saga last year, when he was deported after arriving in the country unvaccinated while the jab was an entry requirement. The Serb returned Down Under this month and won last week’s Adelaide International, and he has now opened up on being painted as the “villain of the world” ahead of his Australian Open campaign. Djokovic recently made his return to Australia after being barred from the country for three years when he was deported 12 months ago. The 35-year-old’s ban was lifted, allowing him to fly in and compete at the first Grand Slam of the year, and he has already gotten off to a good start on Aussie soil by winning his 92nd career title in Adelaide. With the Australian Open now just days away, the 21-time Grand Slam champion has given his first TV interview to an Australian broadcaster and was asked to directly address those he angered by entering the country unvaccinated last year with a medical exemption granted by Tennis Australia. And Djokovic was quick to remind people that he did exactly what he was told was within the rules. “I was just following the rules, you know,” the world No 5 told 9 News. “My exemption was verified by an independent body and panel of doctors so it was unknown who was giving the request and I came in with all the valid papers.” JUST IN: Kyrgios joins NBA icons to buy basketball side with talks 'advanced'   Djokovic also thought the story had been misconstrued, with three other players and people related to the Australian Open entering the country with the same medical exemption as him in the weeks before. They were ultimately deported when questions arose over the Serb’s arrival in the country. “I understood why they were frustrated, but I have to say the media presented it in a completely wrong way because that's not what happened, and a lot of people still have the wrong idea about what happened,” he explained. “There were two or three more people that came into Australia 10 days before I did with exactly the same exemption that I had and I was just following the rules.” When Djokovic landed in Melbourne last year he was quickly detained and had his visa revoked, being taken to a government detention hotel. He successfully appealed, had the visa reinstated and was even able to practise at Melbourne Park before the then-Immigration Minster used his powers to revoke the Serb’s visa on good order grounds. DON'T MISSTennis star rejected by Aussie Open played despite Covid claimRaducanu 'looking better' as Brit still a doubt for Australian OpenSerena Williams baptised as Jehovah's Witness months after retirement Djokovic’s second appeal was not successful as it was ruled his presence would “excite anti-vax sentiment” in the country, and he was deported on the eve of the 2022 Australian Open. Looking back on the ordeal a year later, the 35-year-old confessed that he felt as though he was turned into a villain despite following the rules at the time. He continued: “I was really drawn into a storm in media worldwide that was related to anything to do with Covid and the vaccine. All of a sudden I became the villain of the world which was obviously a terrible position to be in as an athlete, as someone that is looking to obviously thrive in their own area, in their own so to say direction of life and profession. But that’s something that I guess I had to learn how to handle. “Everything got out of hand and then I was labelled as this or that. It was so big in the media that I just could not fight that, I didn't even want to get into that. I obviously wanted to stay here and play tennis, but at some point with the amount of craziness going around I just wanted to get out and go back home.” 