Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been handed a major boost ahead of today’s Premier League showdown with Manchester City. Anthony Martial had been a doubt for the match, with his manager confirming as much on Friday. However, the 27-year-old has arrived with the squad at Old Trafford and will be hopeful of starting up top. Martial has scored five goals for United this season and is Ten Hag’s first-choice striker at Old Trafford. On Friday, the 52-year-old confirmed his No 9 was a injury concern ahead of the match with City. The striker has had his fitness issues this term, much to the frustration of himself and everybody associated with the club. However, The United Stand claim Martial has now arrived at Old Trafford with the rest of the squad in what represents a major boost for the Red Devils. He’s expected to start at the tip of the club’s attack, with Marcus Rashford and Antony either side of him. And Martial will be hoping to continue his good record against City, having wounded Pep Guardiola’s side on several occasions in the past. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Martial first scored against City in a 3-1 defeat to City back in November 2018. Guardiola’s side were superior that day, with David Silva, Sergio Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan all on target. Martial netted against the same opponents in a 2-1 victory at the Etihad back in 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge. And he also bagged in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford as United beat City 2-0 before football paused following the coronavirus crisis. Earlier in the season, United lost 6-3 to City on a dire afternoon for Ten Hag and his side. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But Martial came off the bench to net a brace for United, with the striker netting a double from the penalty spot. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of the match with City, Ten Hag has insisted he’s using his squad carefully at a time where the matches are coming thick and fast. The Red Devils are the only team in the country who can win a quadruple this season, though that’s unlikely. And Ten Hag was keen to stress that he believed in his squad by saying: “With all the games, it is never about 11 players, it is always about the squad. “Weeks like this, the rhythm is so important, so bring in Casemiro, Christian Eriksen and Rashy [Marcus Rashford] at the end of the game, otherwise they wouldn't have trained for a couple of days, which is never good. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to find the right balance and the right focus with that so that they keep going. “I think they are playing at a high level and they have to keep that going, as the team performances have been good. “Also the individuals will contribute to it and they will keep their process and their own development going.” City boss Guardiola, meanwhile, has praised the work Ten Hag has done at Old Trafford since his appointment back in the summer. "[Man Utd improved] a lot," said the Spaniard. "It's normal - a new manager arrived. The improvement of the team is clear. "I have the feeling every time I've been in Old Trafford, or Manchester United have been here at the Etihad, that always it will be a difficult game. "Always they are attractive games because both sides want to win, with a lot of quality players in both sides - and top-class managers! "It will be a good game. It's Man Utd. What happened in the previous seasons is a Man Utd problem - I don't know exactly what happened. But it's normal that Man Utd is there, four points behind and fighting. "Have they surprised me? No."