The representatives of Wout Weghorst are flying to Istanbul for face-to-face talks with Besiktas in a bid to unlock their client's dream loan move to Manchester United. The Red Devils have already held initial talks with parent club Burnley over a deal but finding an agreement with Besiktas - which is expected to involve a compensation fee - still holds the key to any final agreement. Dutch international target man Weghorst is understood to have been told about United's interest prior to the 2-1 Turkish Super Lig win over Kasimpasa on Saturday as he netted an emotional winner for the Black Eagles. The Dutchman appeared to bid farewell to the home crowd at Vodafone Park after finding the net, blowing supporters kisses while also making a heart symbol with his hands during the reflective celebration that appeared to signal his exit was imminent. But Besiktas sporting Ceyhun Kazanci has since ruled that Manchester United will have to find an agreement with both Burnley and the Turkish giants before Weghorst is freed from his current loan in Istanbul. “I don't understand why Weghorst said goodbye to the fans, why he made such a move. He is our football player right now," Kazanci told NTV Spor. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Our contract expires at the end of the season. If Manchester United or any other team wants Weghorst, they will meet with Burnley anyway. Burnley will then contact us and discuss the terms of separation. "If we accept, the contract will be terminated. Otherwise, it will go on until the end of the season. He can't just go. There will have to be a reward for us to approve the separation. I'll give an example. "Burnley told us, 'We made a deal with this team for Weghorst. We give you half of the transfer fee'. This may be a different condition. Then we'll sit down and talk.” Express Sport understands that Weghorst's reps will hold talks with Besiktas on Monday to discuss the prospect of terminating the forward's loan prematurely. DON'T MISSLiverpool shown what they're missing in Wolves draw as Darwin Nunez answers criticsMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced' Weghorst is believed to have his heart set on the move as he looks to make amends in the Premier League following a miserable six-month stint at Turf Moor. Besiktas currently have an £8.8million option to buy Weghorst, something they are yet to make any formal decision on. Furthermore, Weghorst's current loan deal does not contain a recall clause which could complicate negotiations between all three parties. Black Eagles head coach Senol Gunes is adamant they won't be giving up their attacking talisman without a fight. “Weghorst is an important player for us. It is not enough to say goodbye to the audience," Gunes said. "He also needs to talk to the club. I have heard of a development, but it is not clear. I'll consider [him] leaving after I talk to both him and the club.” Weghorst started following Manchester United on Instagram on Saturday evening just to stir the pot even further. He also enjoyed a lonely, personal moment on the pitch at the full-time whistle as he touched the turf before dishing out hugs to Besiktas' coaching staff. United have also held talks to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid but that deal currently looks unlikely on the basis of the La Liga club's excessive demands.