CBS’ hit crime-busting franchise returned from hiatus earlier this month with its highly anticipated three-way crossover event. As the episodes proved a massive success with fans, the Jane Tennant star took to social media with appreciation.  On Monday, millions of fans watched in awe as the cast of NCIS Hawaii, NCIS and NCIS LA joined forces for the first time ever. The three-hour event carried on throughout the respective shows as the agents worked to solve mysterious and tough cases. The crossover smashed viewing records for the season as more than seven million fans tuned in to watch the teams in action. NCIS Hawaii star Lachey was floored to discover this as she took to Twitter with appreciation and amazement. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview    Addressing her followers, Lachey wrote: “Wow!!! I’m shocked! “The NCIS Triple Crossover was the most watched TV across all Networks combined last night and the highest since the NCAA finals in 2021!” She added: “I shouldn’t be SURPRISED because YOU FANS are incredible! Mahalo!" Hundreds rushed to the comments section to congratulate the actress, praise the crossover and plead for more.   Including @EllenSeither who tweeted: “It was the best crossover, I’ve seen in a long time!! Well done…hope there’s more.” @steven_brunn replied: “Well done! Just finished watching all 3 always entertaining.” A third fan @kathieguckenbe1 added: “It was a great crossover. Each show flowed right into the next one easily. It was great to see the characters from each show interact with one another.” @davejr555 stated: “Tell you what, it was one of the Better Crossovers that I have seen in many years, hope you guys can do it again in the future.”  DON'T MISS...Queen Victoria 'blamed' son for 'killing' Prince Albert, expert claims [INSIGHT]NCIS crossover bags record ratings after spin-offs join forces [INSIGHT]NCIS LA boss explains reason for Hetty’s return [INSIGHT]  A fifth viewer @wildlifedigicam commented: “All the actors may take a bow now. It was great. I hope it is done more often.” As @AlexDonovan13 shared: “This Triple Crossover was terrific. All three NCIS teams were magnificent.” (sic) According to TV Line, the crossover kicked off with 7.7 million total viewers and a 0.5 demo rating. As NCIS kicked off the crossover, it completely smashed its rating record for the current season and was the largest audience since October 2021.   The event continued to NCIS Hawaii and kept the momentum with 7.2 million viewers and a 0.5 demo rating, also a new record for the spin-off. NCIS LA concluded the crossover with 6.7 million fans tuned in, making it the largest audience for the show since April 2020. Together, the agents were able to solve the death of the beloved FLETC instructor, Dale Harding (Robert Picardo) and get to the bottom of a Deep Fake mystery in Hawaii. Then in Los Angeles, the team were able to track Roundtree (Caleb Castille) and Fatima (Medallion Rahimi) after they were abducted, with the special help of Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt).  NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 