Emmerdale nanny Nicky (played by Lewis Cope) is the village's latest newcomer and immediately became a huge hit with Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham). Kim Tate (Claire King) hired Nicky to look after Thomas (Bertie Brotherton) and Clemmie (Mabel Addison). However, one person who isn't impressed by Nicky's arrival is Dawn (Olivia Bromley). During Tuesday night's episode, Kim and Dawn seemed to be impressed by how Nicky was with the children. However, Dawn looked disappointed to be missing out on spending time with the children. "Lucas is worn out, bless him," Nicky said as Dawn apologised for being so late. "And Clemmy, any more opera performances? Dawn asked as the nanny replied: "she's just tired. They ate all their tea." READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry "Good kids," Kim chipped in as Dawn said: "Bet they have wondered where I have been." "They know you're busy," Kim explained before adding: "They're in good hands, Dawn. "You should be thinking about that hot bath after your productive day." Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on Nicky and his upcoming storyline. Many seemed to think he could be working with Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln). Thomas wrote: "Nicky is definitely too good to be true #emmerdale." Elizabeth Edwards theorised: "#emmerdale I think new nanny Nicky is working for Jamie Tate and Nicky really is Zoe Tate daughter Jean Tate like Matty Barton and it can happen and wait and first." (sic) Diane Baker added: "That new nanny is a bit creepy #emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as new serial killer 'exposed' [SPOILERS]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [VIDEO] "Wonder if the “manny” is related to Lucas & Clemmie’s dad Alex?" user @mobrees predicted. Selina said: "There’s something about Nicky no one is that nice #Emmerdale." Georgia D went on to tweet: "Emmerdale Nick is working for Jamie I’m convinced!" Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press ahead of his stint on Emmerdale, the actor who plays Nicky teased what's in store. "Nicky's a great character. He's very relatable, likeable, and I'm just having fun with him," Lewis began. When asked if Nicky has a dark past, the soap star continued: "At the moment he's a lovely person, and there's nothing to say [otherwise]... he kind of fits the bill. "He is almost too good to be true, but we'll have to wait and see." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.   