The dancer, 32, who was partnered with BBC presenter Helen Skelton in 2022, took to Instagram after he sensationally quit the live tour to spend quality time with his family, fiancée Gemma Atkinson and daughter Mia.    He wrote: "After the Strictly series I would like to take some downtime to spend quality time with Gem and Mia.  "I am grateful for the work but I also think that spending time with family is Important."  "Time flies and we won't get these memories back.” Gorka ended the post with a red love heart emoji.  READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Gorka was then asked whether he would be returning to compete for the coveted glitterball, to which he replied in capital letters: “I HOPE SO!! I LOVE IT!! It’s the best job a dancer could wish for.   "I am so grateful to be part of the best show on TV."   Gorka urged his devastated fans to continue to support the tour even though he would not be part of the line-up.   He wrote: "Please do go and watch @Strictlycomedancinglive it’s gonna be amazing.”  The dancer also sent a shout-out to his Strictly 2022 partner Helen, who will be partnered by Kai Widdrington, writing: “make sure you VOTE for @helenskelton and @kaiwidd."  He also admitted that he will be attending the show when the tour arrives in Manchester and joked that he would be a “proud dad” watching the couple perform together.   In the 2022 Strictly final, many fans speculated that Gorka may quit the show as they felt he had been “robbed” of lifting the Glitterball trophy with Helen.   One fan posted that he couldn’t believe the star had left Strictly, due to rumours being sparked by his seemingly devastated on-screen reaction to missing out on winning, and Gorka cryptically replied:”Don't Believe it!” followed by a winking emoji  DONT MISS: Isla Fisher mocks Prince Harry's claim William 'broke his necklace' Dancing On Ice star Christopher Dean rushed to hospital after accident Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies  As the rumours continued to swirl, his partner Gemma Atkinson quickly squashed them on her Hits radio show.  Gorka, who is engaged to former Emmerdale actress, 38, also shares a daughter Mia, 3, with the star, often posts cute snaps of his family on Instagram.   The couple met on the show when she appeared as a contestant in 2017 and announced their engagement on Valentine's Day in 2021.   The Emmerdale actress and the professional dancer have previously opened up about their "chilled" wedding plans, but they have now admitted they like the idea of hosting a "small" celebration followed by a "big party" in 2023. The couple have talked openly about their forthcoming wedding plans, and admitted frequently changing their minds on how they want to celebrate their nuptials.  Speaking to Hello magazine she said: “ We have spoken about getting married a few times, talking about what we want to do.   “Half the time we say we should just go to the registry office and do it there, and then it's done, then have a big party.”