Emma Raducanu has addressed her tough end to the ASB Classic in a new Instagram post chronicling her time in New Zealand. The British No 1 opted to start her season in Auckland and got off to a strong start when she came from behind to win her opening match but Raducanu then rolled her ankle in the second round and retired in tears. It remains to be seen whether the new injury will stop her from playing the upcoming Australian Open. Raducanu suffered a new setback when she turned her ankle at the end of the second set in her match against Viktoria Kuzmova on Thursday and was forced to retire after taking the first set 6-0 and dropping the second 5-7. The world No 78 sobbed as she walked off the court and still doesn’t know whether she will be able to compete in the first Grand Slam of the year as a result. Following the incident, the 2021 US Open champion criticised the court conditions at the tournament after her match was moved indoors for the rain but the tournament director responded and said they were “checked” and had been fine for other matches. And Raducanu has now addressed her injury for the first time since leaving New Zealand to fly to Melbourne for the Australian Open. “A [crying face emoji] ending but still going to leave NZ with some fond memories,” the former world No 10 wrote, attaching a series of snaps showing herself travelling to the beach before enjoying the sunset. “Here’s some from last week’s beach afternoon up north after practice.” JUST IN: Fritz details reasons Djokovic must be at Indian Wells amid latest ban    Raducanu shared the post one day after she left to travel to the Australian Open in hopes that she will still be able to compete when the first Grand Slam tournament of the season begins a week on Monday. The 20-year-old had been due to undergo scans to get to the root of the problem but on Friday, the unofficial claim from her team was that the best-case scenario would be a grade one sprain. That would allow Raducanu to play in the Aussie Open, but a worse injury could see the top-ranked Brit unable to recover in time to compete. There had also been talk over the world No 78 playing next week's WTA 250 event in Adelaide but that is now ruled out with the tournament beginning in just two days and Raducanu opting to go straight to Melbourne instead. DON'T MISSDjokovic receives two advantages from Alcaraz's Aus Open withdrawalVenus Williams out of Australian Open after fresh injury from AucklandAlcaraz forced to pull out of Australian Open as star posts statement Raducanu had been left disappointed following her latest injury setback as she enlisted Andy Murray’s former fitness trainer to help improve her physique and strength over the off-season after a series of physical setbacks in 2022. “It's difficult to take,” she said after retiring to Kuzmova. “I’ve put a lot of physical work in the last few months and I’ve been feeling good and optimistic. So to be stopped by a freak injury, rolling an ankle is pretty disappointing, in the first week as well. I thought I was playing some pretty decent tennis.” 