Scams of all kinds are targeting people across the country, and it is important for individuals to stay alert. However, new research by the building society has found many could be doing more to keep themselves safe. Nationwide highlighted “oversharing on social media sites” as a key vulnerability among Britons. Its research found seven in 10 people admitted they shared personal information on there, including full names, posting age or date of birth, mentioning their employer or job title, or mobile number. Some 15 percent share pet names or family names which may be used as security questions elsewhere. The building society stressed “checking is important” but found nearly a quarter of those asked never check their credit file, and seven percent never check bank statements for suspicious transactions. READ MORE: Britons could get £55,000 in state pension for just £8,000 More than a third of Britons asked are currently using the same password or code for multiple devices, websites, apps and email accounts. However, vulnerabilities don’t just happen in a digital space, the building society stressed. In fact, more than a third of those asked said they do not shred documents with personal information before throwing them away. Ed Fisher, head of fraud policy at Nationwide, said: “It’s good to see that identity theft is at the front of people’s minds. DON'T MISSOver 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [INSIGHT]Barclays warning after woman’s savings hit by dangerous scam [WARNING]Envelope challenge could help Britons save £5,000 in 2023 [UPDATE] “But our survey shows a worrying lack of steps taken by people to protect themselves. “We urge everyone to be vigilant by protecting their details and observing a few basic tips - don’t overshare your information unnecessarily, consider who is following your online activity, and protect your devices and accounts with both security software and strong passwords or codes that are not the same. “Don’t provide information to anyone contacting you unexpectedly, or respond to emails or texts requesting information, without checking carefully they are genuine. “Also make sure to cancel or report lost or stolen cards immediately and regularly check statements and credit files for any issues.” READ MORE: Mum-of-one to save £600 this month with ‘no spend January’ Mr Fisher stressed only “precautionary steps” would help to prevent this kind of fraud occurring. It means Britons will need to constantly stay alert to protect themselves from being targeted. He added: “The less we give the criminals, the less chance they have of striking. “Our identity is precious, and criminals sometimes need only a few pieces of personal data to begin targeting you further.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who believe they have been targeted by a scam should contact their bank or building society immediately. Calling the number on the back of one’s bank card is generally considered the safest action. Nationwide has also set up a 24/7 freephone number for members to report if they believe they have been a victim of a scam on 0800 055 66 22. Britons can also reach out to Action Fraud, the national fraud and cybercrime reporting service, for assistance.