The veteran journalist quit as Channel 4 News anchor in December 2021 after three decades in the role. Now, in a bid to learn how to live well into old age and rid himself of the “evil of stress”, he has travelled to communities around the world where people have better health and live longer than average.  He reveals his findings in How to Live to 100 on Channel 4 tonight. His first stop is the idyllic Greek island of Ikaria which he discovers has a third less heart disease than the rest of Europe, much less cancer and almost no cases of dementia. Ikarians also live 10 years longer than the European average, with one in three going on into their 90s. Jon said: “Now at the grand old age of 74 I’ve finally stepped away from the news desk and into the world of semi-retirement. I’ll admit it’s not been easy. “I’m confronting a new life and, though I hate to admit it, entering old age. “I want to know how to live happily and healthily into my senior years.”  Eating well is a big part of Ikarian life. People grow their own vegetables, produce their own olive oil, drink herbal teas from indigenous plants, and the local wine is organic and natural. But the number one goal for Ikarians, Jon finds out, is a stress-free life at one with their natural surroundings. He meets Dr Christodoulos “Christo” Xenakis, who retired and learned to sail aged 80 and has embraced the slower pace of life. Dr Christo said: “Ikarians have this way, they don’t have stress. They enjoy God without fearing him. “They expect death when they time comes. I’m not afraid of death, thus I enjoy life and all things nice.   “I had my practice and my patients. I had no time to enjoy the sea. “After I retired I got into the game of the sea and sailing, of joy.” Jon said: “I admire Dr Christo’s ability to shake off the stress of his working life and enthusiastically embrace retirement. “It takes time to shake it off, this evil of stress, but if you ever wanted a way of trying to cure it this island is not a bad place to start.” 