Prince Harry has put some of the blame for his infamous decision to wear a Nazi uniform to a party on his brother Prince William and his sister-in-law Kate. Sources claim Harry has detailed in his tell-all memoir Spare that the pair “howled with laughter” when they saw his bad taste outfit choice in 2005. The Duke of Sussex was lambasted when the The Sun newspaper published a front page picture of him wearing the German Afrika Korps uniform outfit featuring a swastika on his left arm. Before attending the ‘Native and Colonial’ themed party Harry allegedly tried on the regalia and showed it to William and Kate. According to Page Six sources claim that Harry wrote: “I phoned Willy and Kate, asked what they thought. Nazi uniform, they said. “They both howled. Worse than Willy's leotard outfit! Way more ridiculous! Which, again, was the point.” Following appearing in a six-part Netflix series, and several tell-all interviews, Harry’s new book Spare is expected to go into even deeper detail about his relationship with his brother and other senior royals, including the Queen Consort, Camilla and his sister-in-law Kate. In the wake of the scandal in 2005 Harry made several damage-controlling trips, including to see the then Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks and a Holocaust survivor. Shortly after the picture was published, Harry issued an apology, saying: "I am very sorry if I have caused any offence or embarrassment to anyone. It was a poor choice of costume and I apologise."  Speaking on the series he said it was “probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life” READ MORE: Harry accuses William of violent physical attack in bombshell memoir He said: “I felt so ashamed afterwards. All I wanted to do was make it right. “I sat down and spoke to the chief rabbi in London, which had a profound impact on me. I went to Berlin and spoke to a Holocaust survivor. I could have got on and ignored it and made the same mistakes over and over in my life, but I learned from that.” The duke's extraordinary book claims come after the release of a teaser trailer from an ITV interview in which Harry said he wants his father and brother back. The interview, due to be released on Sunday, will be broadcast two days before Spare is published around the world. In a series of clips from the duke's ITV conversation, Harry tells presenter Tom Bradby: "It never needed to be this way", and refers to "the leaking and the planting" before adding: "I want a family, not an institution." He also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. Filmed in California where the duke now lives, ITV said Harry: The Interview will go into "unprecedented depth and detail" about his life in and outside the royal family. Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent and current presenter of ITV News at Ten, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. But in a separate interview with CBS News, set to air the same day, Harry also criticises Buckingham Palace over an alleged failure to defend him and his wife, the Duchess of Sussex, before they stepped down as senior royals. The duke also reveals to the US broadcaster that he would not return to the institution as a full-time royal. Both CBS and ITV have released snippets of the duke's conversations ahead of the full interviews being televised. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. DON'T MISS: Five key challenges Rishi Sunak faces to get Britain back on track 