After being devastated at the turn of events, and blaming Kirk Sutherland's (played by Andrew Whyment) dog Peanut, Hope (Isabella Flanagan) held a small burial service in Victoria Gardens. During her speech, she told Cilla she would get revenge for her premature death, but now fans of the show feel it isn't Hope who is walking down a dark path. Hope and Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi) were given the chance to make some extra pocket money when Kirk needed someone to look after Peanut. However, last week as the pair walked into the living room bickering, Hope noticed Cilla's cage had been left open and she had escaped. After frantically looking for her pet, Hope screamed in shock when she found Cilla lying still behind the dining table. As Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) tried to give it the kiss of life, Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) broke the news to her daughter that Cilla had died. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show Hope was quick to point the blame at Peanut, but Kirk and Beth Tinker (Lisa George) both pointed out there were no marks on Cilla. Later, Fiz, Tyrone, Hope, Ruby and Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) gathered around a small grave in Victoria Gardens. Cilla received a heartfelt speech from Hope, where she expressed she was the "best" chinchilla a girl could have. As the rest of the family walked off, Hope lagged behind and whispered: "No one can replace Cilla. Your death will not be in vain my furry friend, you will get your revenge." Initially, fans were left fearing for Peanut's life as Hope was so adamant it was the dog that has killed Cilla. However, fans have a new theory Ruby will be the one to turn into a serial killer after being ignored with Hope getting her way all the time after all these years. Taking to Reddit, user @tyyls18 wrote: "Serial killer Hope is pending right? When she most definitely kidnaps and/or kills Peanut this week." Throwing in an alternative theory, @potatostews expressed: "Plot twist, Ruby becomes a serial killer because of all the times Hope got attention, gifts and leeway for all the horrible things she did while Ruby got ignored and punished for just about anything." DON'T MISS...3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [INSIGHT]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [WATCH]Midsomer Murders will not be airing on ITV tonight after shakeup [LATEST] @Volkditty replied: "That would be an exciting and unexpected twist, so no." @okhffhjhg exclaimed: "Yeah!! Ruby’s mom was a psycho too let’s not forget! I’d love to see Hope be a hero in the story." @boddy123 agreed: "Exciting yes. Unexpected? How that girl hasn’t gone off the rails already is a wonder." @Alliballi123 commented: "That would be so much more interesting bc Hope would get blamed. The house would be in TOTAL carnage." (sic) Ruby is Tyrone's daughter from a previous relationship with Kirsty Soames (Natalie Gumede) back in 2012. Their relationship became toxic when Kirsty began to abuse Tyrone and later accused him of being the abusive one after she fell down the stairs. The allegations were taken seriously and Tyrone was almost sent to prison for the comments, however, Kirsty stormed into the court and revealed she was lying, before handing Tyrone custody of Ruby. Could Ruby be heading down a dark path like her mother? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on BBC One.