Some Virgin Media users are about to be hit by a major shakeup to their accounts with the telecoms and TV firm switching its popular mobile service over to O2's SIM plans. Many users will have already noticed the partnership, with the two firms joining forces back in 2020. However, this is the first time that Virgin Mobile contracts have been affected by the merger. Although it may sound a little daunting, Virgin is promising a seamless transition that shouldn't cause customers any grief. In fact, to sweeten the switch there's even a boost with users being offered some useful freebies as part of the changes. That means millions of customers will receive unlimited texts and voice calls, and either double the data or unlimited data for the same amount each month – no customers will see the cost of their plan rise as a result of this move. As well as that data and call upgrade, Virgin Mobile users will get access to Priority from O2 which gives them the chance to grab exclusive extras such as gig tickets. There's also the promise of other benefits such as extra roaming destinations and continued inclusive EU roaming, something not offered to all customers by any other major mobile network. Speaking about the switch Gareth Turpin, Chief Commercial Officer at Virgin Media O2 said: “This is a major milestone moment for Virgin Media O2 as our Virgin Mobile customers start moving over to O2 plans, receiving added value and benefits on top. "Our teams will guide customers through every step of the migration, and we’re laser focused on making sure this all occurs in the most hassle-free way possible.” If you are a Virgin Mobile customer you don't need to do anything with things being moved across to O2 automatically in the coming months. News of the switch comes as Virgin has also announced a boost for its TV subscribers. The provider has just announced that it is launching a swathe of bonus content that features workouts which can be performed from the comfort of your living room. In fact, there's a total of 80 free fitness classes which include Disco DanceFit, HIIT and Kids & Fun workouts All classes are led by experts at Nuffield Health and can be viewed by heading to channel 999.