A devasted husband has slammed a system in crisis following his wife’s death after waiting more than 16 hours for an ambulance. Matthew Simpson and his wife Teresa should have been planning for their 25th wedding anniversary this year, but instead he will receive her ashes this week.    She died at Hull Royal Infirmary in November after suffering a cardiac arrest and lack of oxygen to the brain.   The 54-year-old, who suffered from diabetes and the muscle-wasting disease myotonic dystrophy, had fallen ill at their home so Mr Simpson pulled an emergency lifeline cord.   The couple spoke to an ambulance crew on the phone but a medical team wasn’t immediately sent to their house in Hull. An ambulance only arrived after Mr Simpson made a further 999 call when his wife appeared “lifeless”.     Speaking to Sky News, he said: "Sixteen hours and 45 minutes I had to wait and they only came because I had to ring them back and say she was lifeless.   "One hundred per cent I believe that if they got to my wife in six hours she would still be here now because she would have got help."   Mr Simpson says he is still "angry" with the Yorkshire Ambulance Service.   He says the public should be aware of what happened to his wife and says the system is in crisis.   READ MORE: New laws coming in 2023 will affect homeowners, renters and pensioners    He added: "People shouldn't be dying. No way. 16 hours, 22 hours, all these stories you hear of people waiting for ambulances. It is wrong. It wasn't like this 20 or 30 years ago."   "She was my best friend, my soul mate. She was very supportive and loving. She was in a wheelchair, yes, but she never once moaned about her illness.   "We both knew we were on borrowed time because of her myotonic dystrophy. But there is no way she should've been left to die the way she did."   The ambulance service has offered him sincere condolences and said in a statement: "Our patient relations team has received correspondence from him raising concerns about our response to this incident.   “They will liaise directly with Mr Simpson about specific details relating to this."   DON'T MISSCouple ordered to cut £10k 6ft fence in half after neighbour row [REPORT]Doctor lays bare chaos engulfing UK’s hospitals [REVEALED]Four men injured in stabbing at Irish hotel housing asylum seekers [REPORT]   Paying tribute to his wife, Mr Simpson told Yorkshire Live: "We met after she answered a dating advert I put in the Hull Daily Mail and we got married in a ceremony at the registry office in Hull. We could finish each other's sentences, she was my partner and best friend.   "We lost our cat a few years ago so I just keep telling myself that they're together up in Heaven now.   “My heart's broken, the pain is extremely unbearable, if it wasn't for my mum and good friends who've been so supportive I'd have wanted to go and be with her but she told me before she would never want me to do that."   Health officials have warned that as many as 500 people a week are dying as a result of delays in emergency care.  NHS England says it does not recognise those figures and that the increase in mortality figures could be due to a combination of factors. 