Over the weekend, Prince Harry carried out two interviews, one for a UK audience and one for the US ahead of the launch of his autobiography titled Spare. The Duke of Sussex shared several personal bombshells in Prince Harry: The 60 Minutes Interview and Harry: The Interview for ITV but GB News viewers have not been left impressed by the revelations. GB News interviewed viewers in Sutton Coldfield about Harry and his claims the Royal Family are “complicit” in his and Meghan Markle’s “pain and suffering”. One viewer said: “We’re struggling with bills and everything and there’s him playing the victim. “You’re not suffering, you’ve got everything and you’ve got a lot of money in the bank. “You don’t need to worry about anything else, just focus on your family and that’s it.” Read more: Royal expert on Prince Harry ‘manipulating’ press for charity cause    However, the viewer’s friend added: “I just think it’s an unfortunate situation." "I really do like Prince Harry," he continued and his friend agreed. “I like the Royal Family as well. I think there’s been mistakes made on both sides.” Another viewer fumed: “I think he’s an absolute waste of space.    “He should shut up and go away and do us all a favour.” The GB News correspondent asked: “What do you think about what he’s been saying and his latest interviews?” “To be honest I’m not the slightest bit interested in him. “I don’t care what he does, he's not relevant. I just wish he’d go away and we can get on with more important things in life.” DON'T MISSPrince Harry labelled 'spoiled brat' after 'cringeworthy' US interview [INSIGHT]GMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [VIDEO]King warned Harry claims 'could mark beginning of the end' of monarchy [INTERVIEW]   Another member of the public suggested Harry “can’t have it both ways”. “If you want privacy and you don’t want your children in the public eye then keep it that way,” she argued. “But don’t go to Oprah Winfrey and TV channels and write your book and say, ‘We want our privacy.’ “And to say the things he’s said about being in the army, you don’t do that.”    Host Eamonn Holmes reflected on the impact of Harry’s latest revelations. He said: ”If the Royal Family keeps the door open to Harry and he’s invited to the King’s coronation, that’s more books, that’s more documentaries. “We know the narrative by now,” he concluded.    