Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley kicked off their first day back on screens discussing the upcoming book release from Prince Harry. The conversation also turned to the two upcoming interviews that he pre-recorded ahead of his book. However, viewers were left annoyed at the continuous coverage of the royal and pleaded for the channel to "leave him alone". The highly anticipated memoir, titled Spare, is set to be released in the coming week with Prince Harry telling his story of being "not a prince but the man I have become". Opening the ITV chatshow on Tuesday morning, Susanna and Richard revealed they would be discussing Harry's latest media move ahead of his memoir release. However, many viewers were left irritated by the conversation and claimed they had had enough of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle conversation. Taking to Twitter, @accordingtosals commented: "@GMB it's not a competition as to who is going through more. Everyone's problems are relative to them. #harry #givehimabreak #gmb #goodmorningbritain." READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist @AndyB_252 stated: "Harry featured on #GMB, must have a book to promote." @arpz fumed: "Listen to what he's saying! Harry and Meghan are not the monsters here. @GMB you're fully complicit in furthering this idea. "If there wasn't a need to complain, it wouldn't happen. Royalists, cry more. It's pathetic. #GMB." @twitthickos said: "Madeley, you are the one going on about Harry and filling our screens with it. We can't escape you and the media s****ing him off." @StefaarnW expressed: "#gmb it's 6:20 and Richard is already starting up the bs hate train against Harry and Meghan. "Mate the media have caused this division and here or comes again to smoke the flames. Pathetic." @Vanessafield16 claimed: "#GMB are totally obsessed with Harry and Megan. There are more important things to discuss like why the social care system in this country is in such an appalling state that elderly people can't leave the hospital and why governments over the years haven't been able to sort it." (sic) It was first revealed that Harry was set to release a tell-all book back in July 2021, when he released a statement. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [LATEST]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [INSIGHT]Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene [WATCH] It read: "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned. "I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful.” As well as the memoir, Harry has also recorded two interviews which will be aired before the release of the book. Harry discusses Spare with ITV News presenter Tom Bradby which will be aired on Sunday, 8 January. He touched on his relationship with King Charles and his brother Prince William, Harry claimed: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to get my brother back”. In a promotional clip, Harry says the breakdown of his relationship with the royals“didn’t have to be this way”, and that he wants “a family, not an institution”. Harry has also spoken to Anderson Cooper on CBS News programme 60 minutes in an interview set to be broadcast on the same day. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.