The beloved BBC series saw Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen shoot to fame in 1996 before it was rebooted by Channel 4 in 2021. However, after two series of the DIY show, it has been reported that it is being axed, due to the "mediocre" rating failing to pick up. Each week Laurence was joined by Russell Whitehead, Jordan Cluroe, Tibby Singh, Micaela Sharp and Whinnie Williams to give their keen eye on the renovations. The new series was hosted by Naked Attraction's Anna Richardson, who stepped in after Davina McCall said she was unable to juggle the show alongside her judging role on The Masked Singer. However, not long after the first series, Anna stepped down from the role and left Laurence to return to host the series alone. Now, the show is at risk of being taken off the air, as a source revealed to The Sun: "Changing Rooms has been axed by Channel 4 and won’t be back for a third series. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash "It is a blow for everyone who worked on the reboot. A lot of passion went into making the first two series but it wasn’t to be. "The ratings were mediocre and while the show was fun and upbeat, it didn’t seem to capture the public in the way it used to. “Everyone on Changing Rooms is really proud of what they produced and naturally, not all reboots will work." The insider continued: "Sadly Laurence and co won’t be back now and he is preparing to move onto pastures new." A spokesperson for Channel Four also confirmed the show's cancellation and said in a statement: "Laurence will be back later this year in Outrageous Homes with Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, so he won’t be off our screens for long. "We are extremely proud of our reboot of Changing Rooms and would like to thank everyone involved with the series." Laurence and other members of the team have yet to speak out as to whether the show has been pulled from production. Express.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for a comment. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [INSIGHT]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer  [WATCH]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [LATEST] Despite the popularity of the show 17 years ago, many fans were disappointed when the reboot hit the screens in 2021. Taking to Twitter to express their opinion on the show, @johnnyhazell36 wrote: "Preferred it in its PRIME so won’t GLOSS over the differences #changingrooms."   @adgeohow added: "#ChangingRooms… am I the only one who thinks it’s a bit errr, you know… c**p? "All feels a bit forced and lacks personality, where’s the peril, the drama, Linda Barker and Handy Andy, and what’s with the twee music?" (sic) @AnniePowers said: "I used to love this show but something just feels different. It should have stayed in the nostalgic vault." (sic) 