Eggs are a cheap, healthy, versatile food that can make any breakfast or salad just that little bit better. Egg Info shared a storage hack for keeping them fresh. According to BBC Good Food, eggs last longer in the fridge, so make sure you aren't leaving them on the side. Whole eggs will keep for around three weeks after laying if kept in the fridge in their carton or a separate covered compartment. Egg whites can be stored for up to three weeks in a covered container, while yolks will last up to three days if covered and chilled. But what if you want your eggs to last a little longer, saving you some time and money buying them in the first place? READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving - 'lasts up to four months' Egg Info, administered by the British Egg Industry Council, reported that eggs can be stored safely up for up to one year if done correctly - egg-cellent. The website shared how to freeze whole eggs, egg yolks and egg whites for later use to prevent food waste. It started by explaining that while eggs can be frozen for up to a year, it is recommended to use them within four months for freshness. The site read: "To freeze eggs whole, the white and yolk will need to be beaten together. "Pour the contents into a container suitable for the freezer, label with the date, seal and freeze." Sometimes you are left with spare egg yolks or whites depending on which recipe you are following, and it would be a shame to throw these in the food bin needlessly. Freezing egg whites is a "simple procedure", according to Egg Info, whereby you pour them into a container, mixing them together before tightly sealing the contents and freezing. To speed up the thawing process later on, freeze them in smaller quantities. READ MORE: Stock your fridge so it preserves food for longer - tutorial As for egg yolks, freezing is a little more complex. Firstly, separate them out before placing them into a container. Due to its thicker consistency, egg yolks will gel if left in their original form, making them unusable in recipes. To avoid this, add half a teaspoon of salt or one to one and a half tablespoons of sugar for each 240ml of raw egg. For savoury egg recipes, go for salt, and for sweet recipes opt for sugar. Making sure your eggs are properly defrosted before eating is essential. In any form, frozen eggs must be completely thawed and can only be eaten in thoroughly cooked dishes. Eggs must never be cooked directly from frozen. To defrost, remove the egg from the freezer to be stored in the fridge overnight, helping to avoid any exposure to bacteria. For quicker eggs, run cold water over the freezing container. Finally, ensure you use the eggs as soon as they have thawed.