Belarusian cyber partisans have claimed a string of attacks aimed at disrupting Lukashenko's efforts to support Russian ambitions in Ukraine. These cyberattacks were credited with disrupting Belarus' rail network during the Russian military's ill-fated push on Kyiv at the outset of the invasion. A spokeswoman for the group revealed the collective is actively preparing to bring about a similar wave of cyberattacks should pro-democracy protests erupt in the country once again. "We can't for example take down a system that just doesn't make sent to bring down right now." "When the moment comes, when there are protests when people are on the streets that is the moment when some of these systems are going to go down. "We will help to defend activists or anyone operating on our side inside Belarus. When people are going back to the streets, we have to be ready and we have to support them as much as possible with all the capabilities that the cyber partisans have." Lukashenko has held off sending his 's military to aid Vladimir Putin in Ukraine despite pressure from the Kremlin to do. The Belarusian dictator is reported to be wary of triggering demonstrations such as those that swept the country in 2020. Exiled opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya recently said that Lukashenko would face "massive disobedience" should he agree to send in troops. She told the Financial Times: "The fact that our troops have not been sent to Ukraine is not because Lukashenko doesn’t want to participate. He knows Belarusians don’t see Ukrainians as enemies. "If Lukashenko gives the order to participate, or even if he declares mobilisation, which would be the first sign of getting involved, what would happen? Massive disobedience, strikes and people fleeing Belarus as fast as they can. That is why I doubt Lukashenko is going to give this order." Security experts have noted the direct involvement of Belarusian troops in Ukraine could provide a window for Western intelligence agencies to extend their spy networks into the heart of Lukashenko's military. Dr Jacek Raubo told Express.co.uk: "We are right now observing a large number of intelligence sources coming from inside Russia, coming from inside Russian forces, we see signals intelligence as well by capturing some messages coming from Russia and from soldiers to Russia. "This is just a tiny part of this big victory over Russian intelligence capabilities." DON'T MISS: Ukraine’s NATO membership is ‘appropriate outcome’ [REVEAL]Zelensky's aide quits over claim ‘deflected’ missile hit Dnipro flats [INSIGHT]Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [ANALYSIS]  He added: "I think intelligence is winning this war. "When we are observing how effectively [the West] can penetrate the Russian side we need to compare that to Belarus where you have more people who are connected to the democratic opposition. "You have more opportunities to get inside the main headquarters by using HUMINT methods, human intelligence. "So I think for now Ukraine does not need to view an all-out strike by Belarus as the main threat but the situation remains a grey zone with no black-and-white answers as to what Lukashenko might do."