And as the clock struck 11pm, in a moment of euphoria, we had done it. Not only had we left the European Union, but we fought back against an establishment that had done everything for over three years to thwart the will of the British people. So how's it looking today, three years on? Well, on the one hand, we are now self-governing and making our own decisions — although we're making some very bad ones in economic terms. Everything from the fishing industry through to financial services saw fantastic opportunities in getting out of the EU rule book. Only now, seven years on from the vote, are the Government finally getting around to cutting some of those regulations and red tape. The main reason we voted for Brexit in the first place was to take back control of our borders. For years and years we have seen immigration, population rises, pressures on wages, school places, housing and even GP appointments on a level that people have never before conceived. Just last year, net migration was 500,000 and legal migration was 1.2 million. 45,000 people crossed the English Channel. I put a poster up in that 2016 referendum campaign called “Breaking Point”. It showed a column of young men getting into the European Union. The message was we could stop this happening to our country, and it simply hasn't happened. I think it's fair to say, three years on, that what this Conservative government has delivered is nothing short of a betrayal. And that's why the opinion polls say it's now 50/50 whether we should rejoin. In reality, we will never rejoin the EU; but the next Labour government will keep us very closely tied to EU rules, which is all the fault of this Conservative party. Whilst up to 100,000 Brexit supporters were celebrating on Parliament Square, a few yards down the road at Downing Street, Boris Johnson very modestly banged on a tiny gong to usher in an independent United Kingdom. It's almost as if, given the responsibility of having to do the job, they didn't quite know what to do. They never actually believed in Brexit. So am I disappointed, three years on? Well, I'm disappointed with the way that it's been carried out. But in historic terms, winning back our right as a nation to self government was, of course, absolutely the right thing to do.