Ukraine won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2022 but was deemed unsafe to host the 2023 competition due to the ongoing conflict with Russia. Runners-up, the United Kingdom, stepped in to host the contest on behalf of Ukraine. The UK is keen to show its support for Ukraine as Liverpool will host this year's competition. Ahead of the official handover on Tuesday 31 January, the BBC have unveiled the official slogan as "United By Music". The event's logo has also been inspired by the flag of Ukraine and will also incorporate the Union Jack flag in a nod to the host country. Paying homage to Liverpool, the artwork draws inspiration from one of the most iconic landmarks in the city. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss  Showing two hearts beating together the typeface is named Penny Lane after the road in Liverpool that The Beatles made famous and a nod to the city's rich musical heritage. The official handover ceremony takes place on Tuesday evening and will see hosts Rylan Clarke and AJ Adudu broadcast live from the city’s iconic St Georges’s Hall. The ceremony will mark the handover and see the Mayor of last year's host city Turin officially hand over the keys and the insignia of the competition to the new host nation. The draw will also reveal which countries will be competing in each semi-final in a bid to make it to the prestigious final. The ceremony will also see local children perform and members of the Ukrainian community who have settled in the city take part in the show. Eurovision’s Managing Director Martin Green said of this year's competition: “The Eurovision Song Contest will be a truly special event and the creative look is a big part of creating that magic.” Superunion’s Executive Creative Director, Stuart Radford, and Creative Director, Katherina Tudball added: "We are thrilled to create the 67th Eurovision Song Contest. "For this year's theme, United By Music, our solution was inspired by research showing that when experiencing live music together, human hearts synchronise to beat in unison. DON'T MISS: Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [LATEST] Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [LATEST] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [INSIGHT] "This insight led to the creative concept of 160 million hearts beating as one, an idea that captures the universal spirit of Eurovision. “This year’s identity sums up perfectly the amazing partnerships across the Contest and more importantly the power of music to bring people together across the world.” With an estimated 160 million people expected to watch the live show, it is expected that fans will welcome the unifying theme of the competition which is now in its 67th year. This year's artist to represent the UK has not been announced but former Sex Pistol star John Lydon is hoping to represent the Republic of Ireland. Text box five: The 70’s punk icon will be performing with the band Public Image. Their track, Hawaii, is a dedication to his wife Nora who has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. To date, Sir Cliff Richard, Sandie Shaw, Olivia Newton-John, Samantha Womack, Bucks Fizz, Blue, Michael Ball, and Katrina and the Waves have all represented the UK in the competition. The Eurovision Song Contest airs on May 13 on BBC One.