The Brit said Giuffre's memory is “faulty” and “should be questioned,” adding “the way it has been described would have been impossible”. Maxwell told TalkTV during a special show titled Ghislaine Behind Bars she “hadn’t any memory of going to Tramp,” the London nightclub Giuffre famously claims she went to with the duke in 2001 before she claims they had sex. Maxwell then said: “Her (Giuffre) stories have changed so many times about what happens, when it happens, how it happens with different versions and each time she speaks its a different version. “In fact, if you look at her BBC interview on Panorama, I believe she says he (Andrew) puked on her face. That’s the only time she has ever said that.” Maxwell continued her blistering attack moving on to Giuffre’s consistency. She added: “I read her deposition, and in her deposition, her statements are very categorical, and her stories are very detailed and elaborate, but if her memory is so poor, how can you rely on anything she says? “I don’t know on which is that her memory is so bad that you can’t really credit anything she says or it's more disingenuous than that. I can’t tell you which it is only she knows definitively the answer to that. “I think once you retract on two men you make claims against on the grounds that your memory is faulty. Like I said, I think you have to question everything she says.” In November, Giuffre was forced into a humiliating climbdown after she sued Epstein’s famed US lawyer, professor Alan Dershowitz, for defamation. The lawsuit came after the attorney, like Andrew had, vehemently denied her allegations. For years, Giuffre had publicly maintained that he had sexually assaulted her when she was a teenager and that they had sex with her when she was underage. In a joint statement announcing a settlement, Giuffre said, “I have long believed that I was trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein to Alan Dershowitz. However, I was very young at the time, it was a very stressful and traumatic environment, and Mr Dershowitz has, from the beginning, consistently denied these allegations. “I now recognise I may have made a mistake in identifying Mr Dershowitz,” her statement said. Ghislaine Maxwell was arrested in 2020 on charges that she conspired with Epstein to sexually abuse minors. She was convicted of five charges, including sex trafficking of a minor. She was sentenced to 20 years in prison in June 2022. The lawsuit filed by Giuffre in the US claimed the Duke of York had sex with her when she was 17 after she had been trafficked by the paedophile financier Epstein. Andrew, who has categorically denied having sex with Giuffre and said he has no recollection of meeting her and has accepted no liability in the settlement.