The ball boy involved in a famous altercation with former Chelsea forward Eden Hazard has since managed to build up a multi-million pound business empire that has seen the likes of Floyd Mayweather and Ronaldinho join their list of celebrity endorsers. The well-known incident took place a decade ago this week during a League Cup match between Chelsea and Swansea City as Charlie Morgan attempted to waste time by keeping the ball away from Hazard during the closing stages of the contest. Hazard was in no mood to wait around, though, and forcefully attempted to retrieve the ball from Morgan's grasp with a sly kick that left the ball boy wincing in pain. The referee wasted little time in showing Hazard a straight red card before the incident went viral on social media, although Morgan has since put it behind him by amassing a fortune of around £40million after working with some of the biggest stars in world sport.The 26-year-old co-founded Au Vodka three years after his clash with Hazard and has since crossed paths with the likes of Mayweather and Ronaldinho as a result of his involvement in the company. Both athletes have posed for pictures with the brand's distinctive gold bottles, while rising UFC star Paddy Pimblett has also endorsed the drinks on social media in recent months.Former Radio 1 DJ Charlie Sloth is also on board with Au Vodka, which started as a local business in Swansea before achieving international success in the years since it was founded by Morgan and business partner Jackson Quinn. The brand has since gained a huge following and is wildly popular in the UK music scene, with rappers such as Headie One, Chip and Nines among those to have joined the growing list of celebrity fans. JUST IN: Frank Lampard may have to swallow his pride after Everton sacking Stormzy is another big name to have been associated with Au Vodka since it rose to prominence, with the company's success having reportedly gained Morgan a personal fortune in the region of around £40m. He has certainly come a long way from his days as a ball boy at Swansea, where his father was and still is a member of the club's board of directors.Morgan's fortune is self-made in spite of his family's wealth, though, as he told WalesOnline in 2021: "Me and Jackson were best mates in school and we just felt there was a bit of a gap in the market. We were 18, 19, 20 at the time and every one of our friends for their birthday would always get a bottle of the same old vodkas. We just felt it was a bit boring. "We just felt we could do it a little bit better. For us, we wanted to do a gold bottle which we felt was completely different, and a couple of years later we did vibrant liquid colours of the vodka itself. The growth has been just phenomenal. There are so many people in the world who are involved in it now which is exciting."We thought we could do well but it's probably gone bigger than we thought we could do already. We got a contact for Floyd through a mutual friend of Frost the music producer and we were told that Floyd absolutely loves the brand and loved the black grape flavour."We were asked whether he could have a few bottles before he goes home. We said yeah, OK sure, and Floyd said he would post a photo on Instagram as long as we included him when we do something big in America." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.