As I walk through the door of Feedo Needo in Birmingham, I’m greeted by kind volunteers working tirelessly to make sure people in need receive at least one meal a day. I’ve come to the city to meet senior project coordinator Gracefilled Okeke who tells me it’s been a tough few months for food banks and it's older Britons and pensioners who make up "more than 70 percent" of their regulars. It's not just Birmingham where people are struggling to get by - Feedo Needo’s network of food banks in London, Manchester and Bradford are all facing the same problem - there just aren’t enough food donations to go around for the people who need them. Sadly, I’m not surprised. The latest statistics from independent watchdog Which? show the cost of basic food items like bread and pasta have risen by more than 40 percent during the last year. At the supermarket till it feels much more like prices have doubled. I’ve noticed in Bristol that it's not unusual to see the cheapest brands are out of stock on supermarket shelves - pushing the cost of the food shop up even further. READ MORE: The best locations across the world to work remotely in 2023 The cost of living crisis is making life miserable for most people and it's those on the lowest incomes and pensioners, who are some of the worst hit. Former NHS worker Bill is 64-years-old and worked hard all his life before being made redundant. Rising prices have only made matters worse for him - in the last year his rent has increased and his energy bills have also doubled. After dedicating his life to caring for others, he feels angry that the UK can treat older people and pensioners this way. DON'T MISS:Mortgage payments could drop by 25% a month [ALERT]Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff [UPDATE]Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months [INSIGHT] Bill told me: “I get £326 a month and by the time I’ve paid the rent, bills, transport - if I’ve got the money to get a bus - I’ve got nothing left. "I had a good career, worked since I left school. I feel betrayed by my own country.” He's not the only person who feels cast aside - James Mcwilliams is 53 and spent 25 years working as a chef all over the UK. However, he's been relying on Feedo Needo's help for the last two years on and off because he can no longer afford to get by. James said he depends on the food bank for warmth as well as food as where he lives he's only allowed the heating on three times a day. "When it's minus 10 degrees outside you need the heating on all day," he said. "Places like this are a godsend for homeless people and people on low incomes. "I only get £180 a month so it’s not a lot to live on really. We’re supposed to be the third richest country in the world.” A government spokesperson said it recognises the pressures of the rising cost of living and has delivered £1,200 of direct help to those most in need this financial year. They added: "On top of this, more than 11.6 million pensioners have received up to £600 per household to heat their homes and stay warm throughout the colder months – support which will be repeated next winter too. “This is part of a wider support package for bill payers to help with rising energy costs, including our Energy Price Guarantee, which will save typical households £900 this winter, and our Household Support Fund is helping people with essential costs. “We have also committed to the biggest state pension increase in history thanks to the triple lock - a 10.1 percent boost, which also applies to Pension Credit for low-income pensioners. This means that, from April, the full new state pension will be over £10,000 a year for the very first time.” What do you think? Express.co.uk would love to hear from older Britons and pensioners who are happy to share their experiences of missing meals, struggling to pay bills or visiting food banks - email jackie.annett@reachplc.com To find out how to get involved or volunteer for Feedo Needo, people can visit the website feedoneedo.org.uk  – all donations are greatly appreciated. 