Wrexham co-owner Rob McElhenney has revealed that he did not see his side knock Coventry out of the FA Cup as his stream ‘went down’. The National League side won 4-3 at the Coventry Building Society Arena on a historic day for the club. In what could be an enthralling episode of their ESPN documentary, Wrexham booked their spot in the third round of the FA Cup on Saturday night against the odds. The Welsh side took a shock lead in the 12th minute through Sam Dalby before former West Ham star Elliott Lee doubled his side’s lead just six minutes later. The early goals shook the Sky Blues to the core, who halved the deficit through Ben Sheaf, before Wrexham’s Thomas O’Connor restored their two-goal lead on the cusp of halftime. Phil Parkinson managed to invigorate his troops at the break and his side made it four through top scorer Paul Mullin, from the penalty spot. Goals from Coventry’s Viktor Gyokeres and Kasey Palmer made it a nervous final 14 minutes for Wrexham, though they managed to weather the storm and secure a monumental win. Though co-owner McElhenney was left in the dark about the result he revealed on his Twitter, writing: “The feed at ESPN+ went down!!! What’s happening???? @Wrexham_AFC”. Fellow owner Ryan Reynolds was fortunate enough to watch the closing stages of the match as he was in the stadium, and he was certainly overcome with emotion once the full-time whistle sounded. He tweeted: “I’m completely and totally speechless. What a club. What a town. What a win. @Wrexham_AFC forever.” The actor was stunned by his side’s performance and even posted an X-rated message on his Instagram after Lee had made it 2-0. He posted a photo of the scoreline on his story, with the caption: “What the f*** is happening?” Reynolds and McElhenney will be dreaming of their side facing a Premier League side in the next round of the competition, both because of the occasion and also the exposure it will give their newly-acquired side, having purchased the club in February 2021 with plans of filming their journey. Wrexham are currently second in the National League and just five points below table-toppers Notts County, who have played two more games. The club have ambitions of raising through the football system under Reynolds and McElhenney, and a cup run would be a perfect indicator of just how far the club have progressed in under two years.