Aries You’re ready to put plans which up until now have only existed in your mind into action. Very little now stands in your way. Your aim is to bring improvements to your family life working world and the only disappointment will be that you won’t have time to implement all ideas. Taurus Just as you thought, new methods and procedures are not as easy as some people were making them out to be. You might wish you hadn’t listened to them and agreed to go along with the changes suggested. It isn’t too late to return to your original routine. Gemini Although you aren’t a one to sing your own praises, it is worth taking every opportunity to make more of your natural talents. In both romance and finance, your instincts will be spot on. In a work matter, your intuition may not be as reliable. Are you confiding in the wrong person?   Cancer Someone will ask for your advice when they cannot understand the small print of a document they are about to sign. The problem is, you can’t make head nor tail of it either. The best suggestion would be for them to get a professional opinion before committing to anything. Leo You can start making firm travel plans when someone gives you the answer you had been hoping for to a proposition you recently made them. A housemate or in-law will not only be supportive of a dream you have, they will offer you some practical help too. Virgo You know exactly what you intend to do in order to bring about a special goal and no-one is about to stop you. You are willing to face a few challenges and even to take a calculated risk if this is what is necessary in order to get a project moving again.    Libra Someone will be grateful to you for not responding when a friend or neighbour brings up a thorny subject that should remain in the past. Encourage others to steer clear of touchy topics too. Discussions will be interesting but aim to keep them harmonious. Scorpio You can sense a close relationship is changing even though signs have been subtle. You’ve been feeling this was going to happen for some time. Rather than fight the inevitable as you have been doing, it will be easier to go with the flow. Sagittarius Better communication between you and your housemates or an older relative will bring increased levels of understanding and harmony in your closest relationships. An offer or proposition put to you later in the day will give you something to seriously think about.   Capricorn Routine jobs can be improved if you are willing to consider the ideas and suggestions other people put to you now. You also want to think about plans you are making for the future although there seems to be little time to lose yourself in thought, today. Aquarius You will be accused of letting a friend down because you are putting the needs of your family and partner first. If someone can’t respect your reasons for this, you are right in thinking they’re being selfish. Life is so busy you will hardly have time to breathe. Pisces You will be happy with recent decisions made when you can see already the results of some. It would therefore be a shame to allow a friend to talk you into something today you may later regret. Think over offers and propositions before rushing in. 