Damp and condensation have become huge problems in the UK as homeowners put their heating on less often to save money but keep their windows closed to keep homes warmer. Damp and condensation can cause problems like mould on walls, on woodwork and around windows. Paint can be used to keep mould at bay, however, this must be specialist paint and the mould should be removed first before paint is used. Jimmy Englezos, product manager at Ronseal, and all-round DIY pro, has explained how to best use anti-mould paint to make a difference when tackling mould. Jimmy said it’s a “common mistake” for people to use anti-mould paint and then paint over it in a different colour. He continued: “Anti-Mould paint needs to be your topcoat with the biocide protecting the surface of your walls to work correctly. READ MORE: ‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ “If you paint over it then you’re painting over the protective barrier and giving mould a surface that it can live on. “Also, try to avoid condensation building up for a full 24 hours whilst the paint sets. “If you’re painting in a bathroom and then shower straight after, allowing moisture into the room will impact the finish and therefore the effectiveness of the biocide as a result.” Jimmy said how anti-mould paint works will depend on which paint you use. DON'T MISSSix ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] He said: “Fundamentally, these paint products make the surface of your walls not conducive for mould to live on, whether it’s a chemical that prevents the mould directly or a formula that insulates the walls.” Some paints contain biocide which is a chemical that “repels living microorganisms, like mould and fungus” to protect walls for up to six years. Anti-condensation paint can also be used if there is an issue with condensation rather than mould. Jimmy said there are a couple of things homeowners need to remember when tackling mould with paint. READ MORE: Prevent condensation and mould with natural 75p hack Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Firstly, the paint won’t work if the biocide isn’t on the surface of the wall. Plus, preparation is key for any DIY project - and this is no different. Pre-existing mould also needs to be treated before paint is used. If the mould grows on the plaster beneath the paint you’ll have to replace the plasterboards completely. Secondly, make sure you have enough paint. The biocide in the product will be “completely effective” with two coats. Biocidal products are also used to preserve goods, stop pests like rodents and control viruses, bacteria and fungi. Disinfectants, insect repellents and wood preservatives often contain biocides.