A royal author has claimed that Prince William ordered the plane taking the family to see the Queen in her final moments to leave without Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Tom Bower writes in his updated version of ' Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors' that the Duchess of Sussex "was not welcome" at Balmoral Castle. He wrote: "At Meghan’s suggestion, Harry insisted that he would be accompanied by his wife – and that plan was broadcast to journalists at 1.53pm. "Meghan’s expectation was astonishing. For four years she had rejected the Queen’s invitations to visit Balmoral but, in her last hours of life, Meghan eagerly sought to make the journey. Firmly, Harry was told that Meghan was not welcome. "Unwilling to waste more time, William ordered the RAF jet to take off at 2.39pm. Harry was left to hire his own plane and make the journey alone. "He landed in Scotland at 6.46pm, 14 minutes after the Queen’s death had been announced to the public. She had died at 3.10pm." Most of the Royal Family were unable to get to Balmoral before the Queen's death. Just King Charles (then Prince Charles), Camilla (now Queen Consort), and Princess Anne got there in time. William and Harry's relationship looks set to suffer further after claims of another argument between the brothers were leaked this week. The Guardian reports that Harry will detail an incident in 2019 where William physically attacked him in his new book 'Spare', to be published on January 10. Describing the moment, Harry says William branded Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry described as a "parrot[ing of] the press narrative”. Harry then says William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. The Duke of Sussex wrote: “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. "So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." READ MORE: The 7 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews After urging Harry to hit him back, William left the house. However, Harry adds that his brother returned “looking regretful, and apologised”. Harry also said that, when Meghan heard about the incident, she was "terribly sad". ITV recently spoke with Harry in an exclusive interview due to be released on Sunday. Speaking to journalist Tom Bradby, Harry defended his decision to discuss his deteriorating relationship with his family members so openly. DON'T MISSPrince Harry reveals the nicknames he and William called each other [INSIGHT]Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan to tie knot on June 1 [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry showed signs of 'suppressed anger' in interview footage [INSIGHT] Harry told ITV: “I don’t know how staying silent is ever going to make things better.” Mr Bradby then asks: "Wouldn’t your brother [ Prince of Wales] say to you, ‘Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?’ Wouldn’t that be what he would say?” Harry then says: “He would probably say all sorts of different things.” The journalist then asks: “Some people will say you’ve railed against invasions of your privacy all your life and the accusation will be here are you invading the privacy of your nearest and dearest without permission, now that will be the accusation.” Harry responds: “That would be the accusation from people that don’t understand or don’t want to believe that my family have been briefing the press.” Kensington Palace and the Archewell Foundation have been approached for comment.