Andy Murray looked towards the umpire's chair and complained about his match being played "at 3am" as he dumped the ball in the net during the fourth set of his Australian Open clash with Thanasi Kokkinakis. The former world No 1 came from 2-5 down in the third set to force a fourth at close to 2am Melbourne time and voiced his frustration with the late-night schedule as tensions boiled over at the start of the fourth. Murray took issue with the time mid-way through his Australian Open second-round match against Kokkinakis as the five-time finalist in Melbourne started complaining about how late it was early in the fourth set. The world No 66 stormed back from 2-5 down in the third set to stay alive and win it in a tiebreak at 1.50am local time in the second and final night session match of the day on Margaret Court Arena. The night session had already been delayed by the three-day sessions running long, and Murray and Kokkinakis themselves were embroiled in a lengthy battle lasting more than four hours by the time they started the fourth set. After swings in momentum and hours of play, tensions started to flare as the three-time Major champion shouted towards the umpire's chair when he netted the ball while in a commanding position on the Aussie's serve. "No," he screamed in frustration, before shouting: "Why are we playing at 3am?" While it hadn't quite reached 3am in Melbourne yet, the 46-time title winner had a valid point. JUST IN: Zverev gives snappy press conference after early exit in comeback  Players have often shared their frustrations at late-night finishes, especially at the Australian Open and US Open which hold specific night sessions. The world No 66's brother and doubles pro Jamie Murray had already questioned the scheduling hours earlier, claiming that there should only be one evening match. "Time for tennis to move to only one 1 match at the night sessions at grand slams," the former doubles No 1 wrote. "This is the best outcome for ALL singles players. We can’t continue to have players compete into the wee hours of the morning. Rubbish for everyone involved - players/fans/event staff Etc." DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'worried' as Serb makes decision on quitting Aus OpenDjokovic has just had his Kyrgios moment at the Australian OpenNovak Djokovic cuts agitated figure in on-court interview  Meanwhile, Murray's former coach Dani Vallverdu had his own solution to the problem as he posed a shortened day session to bump up the night matches. "2 matches from Noon and 2 matches from 6pm. Easy fix," the current coach of Stan Wawrinka tweeted. But the time didn't stop Murray from producing some of his vintage best tennis as he was the first to break in the fourth set, taking a 4-2 lead after both men had already squandered multiple break points.