Manchester United captain Harry Maguire could reportedly be given a Premier League lifeline with West Ham weighing up a loan move for the centre-back. The England international has fallen out of favour since the arrival of Erik ten Hag and could do with a fresh start to revive his career. Maguire started the season as first choice for the club but lasted just two games before Ten Hag settled on his preferred centre-half pairing of Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane. Being dropped was the culmination of an alarming drop off in form over the course of 2022 with the 29-year-old looking to be completely shot of confidence. He maintained his place within the England squad for the World Cup and was a key player for Gareth Southgate in Qatar. However, he was unable to regain his place in the United side after the Premier League returned with left-back Luke Shaw often preferred through the middle making him the fourth choice centre-back at Old Trafford. Now, he has been given a lifeline as he looks to reestablish his Premier League career, with West Ham reportedly considering a move to sign him on loan according to The Mirror. The Hammers are assessing their option in central defence with Craig Dawson likely to join Wolves and David Moyes sees Maguire as a potential option to replace the 32-year-old. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Maguire is not the only player under consideration at the London Stadium with a number of options discussed internally. One such option is 22-year-old Senegal international, Formose Mendy but there is competition for his signature with French club Lens having a £7million deal for his services rejected. Maguire joined United from Leicester in an £80m deal in 2019, making a total of 159 appearances for the club. His last start came against Charlton in the League Cup while he came on as a late substitute in the 2-1 win over Manchester City this weekend. The club are understood to be willing to sell him in the summer and are prepared to take a sizeable loss on their original expenditure on the centre-back. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure Maguire may not be the only departure from Old Trafford in the current transfer window with Anthony Elanga another player linked with a move away. The club are soon expected to make a final decision on whether or not to send the player out on loan with Everton among the clubs to have been linked. It remains to be seen whether or not Maguire will join West Ham this month but it looks increasingly clear that his long-term future will be spent away from the club.