DS Naomi Thomas (played by Shantol Jackson) was first welcomed to Saint Marie in season 11 as an officer who was promoted following the departure of Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert). She has since been working closely with DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) and the rest of the team on whatever investigations the stunning island throws at them. In season 12, episode four, the detectives are taken out of their comfort zone as they travel to Saint Barnabas where Naomi grew up. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Naomi travels to her childhood home of Saint Barnabas for the wedding of her best friend Monique Hayes (Gia Re). While on the island, she meets up with her former commissioner Sammy (Patrice Naiambana) and is overjoyed to celebrate the day but tensions begin to rise when Monique's estranged mum Odette Hayes (Nicola Alexis) arrives unannounced. The guests continue to have a good time at the reception until Rex (Curtis Walker), Monique's father, staggers across the dancefloor, having been stabbed to death. In shock, Naomi calls her team back on Saint Marie for back up to solve the case. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Actress Jackson may have only been in one previous series of Death in Paradise so far but already, fans are finding out more about her personal life. This is why Jackson has described her "favourite" episode four episode a "coming-of-age" moment for her character. She explained: "It was an emotional, special episode for me. "I came home very exhausted from the set, not just for the long days but because of the emotional roller coaster, which I appreciated, because sometimes we don’t get much human interaction in the show as we are always solving crimes and getting down to business." Jackson continued: "In this episode, Naomi’s back in St Barnabas with her friends and family in a place where she has history on the island. "Someone has been accused of murdering someone she knows, so the team comes to the island to help solve the crime. "She gets to share the island with her team, but I am sure not in the way she had envisaged. "A lot happens emotionally, and I enjoyed that process of growth for my character and loved working with the guest cast, especially my old Sergeant Sammy (Patrice Naiambana). "This episode really challenged Naomi and I, that’s why it was my favourite." DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [EXPLAINER]Death In Paradise's Ralf Little's ‘awful' moment Judi Dench witnessed [SPOILER]Death in Paradise guest star Nicolas Alexis was in The Bill [CAST] Along with Jackson leading the way as DS Thomas, there are a few familiar faces in this next episode. Actress Nicola Alexis is behind Odette Hayes, the estranged mum who returns to see her daughter get married. Fans may remember her from The Bill where she portrayed WPC Ruby Buxton for a year on ITV. She is joined by The Outlaws' Gamba Cole, Kerching!'s Curtis Walker and Rocket Island star Gia Re. As of yet, there has been no talk of the future of Death in Paradise. The double renewal was for the comedy-drama's 11th and 12th season but there has been no word on whether or not there will be another series. However, given the show's huge popularity, it does seem more than likely there will be another series to come. Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Saturday at 9pm on BBC One.