Actor Alec Baldwin and armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed will both be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter related to a shooting on the set of western film Rust.The latest verdict was confirmed by New Mexico District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies, who said the decision was in keeping with "her commitment to pursue justice for all victims".Additionally, assistant director David Halls has signed a plea agreement for the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon.The statement said the terms "include a suspended sentence and six months of probation. A copy of the plea agreement will be available after it has been filed with the court".  Ms Carmack-Altwies said: "After a thorough review of the evidence and the laws of the state of New Mexico, I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the Rust film crew. "On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice." Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed will be "charged in the alternative" with the two counts of manslaughter. This means that a jury would decide not simply if they were guilty, but under which definition of involuntary manslaughter they were guilty. "If any one of these three people—Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed or David Halls—had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. It’s that simple," said Andrea Reeb, the special prosecutor appointed by the DA to the case. "The evidence clearly shows a pattern of criminal disregard for safety on the Rust film set. In New Mexico, there is no room for film sets that don’t take our state's commitment to gun safety and public safety seriously." "If any one of these three people—Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed or David Halls—had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. It’s that simple," said Andrea Reeb, the special prosecutor appointed by the DA to the case. "The evidence clearly shows a pattern of criminal disregard for safety on the Rust film set. In New Mexico, there is no room for film sets that don’t take our state's commitment to gun safety and public safety seriously." The two charges Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed differ. The first can be referred to simply as involuntary manslaughter, a statement from the New Mexico District Attorney said.  For this charge to be proved there mist be underlying negligence," it said. Under New Mexico law, involuntary manslaughter is a fourth-degree felony and is punishable by up to 18 months in jail and a £4,044 ($5,000) fine. "This charge also includes the misdemeanour charge of negligent use of a firearm, which would likely merge as a matter of law." The second charge is involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act. This charge requires proof that there was more than simple negligence involved in a death. This is also a fourth-degree felony punishable by up to 18 months in jail and up to a £4,044 ($5,000) fine.