Prince Harry has claimed Queen Elizabeth II was “sad” that he and Meghan Markle stepped down. In 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their duties and moved to the US. After the monarch died in 2022, Harry and Meghan returned to the UK to pay tribute to the Queen. Now, in his third interview promoting his memoir ‘Spare’, Harry said he believes the Queen was "sad" his situation had reached the point where he felt he had to leave the monarchy. “My grandmother and I had a very good relationship. It was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her”, he said. She knew what was going on, she knew how hard it was. “She never said to me that she was angry, I think she was sad that it had got to that point.” Harry also added: "I had many, many conversations with her both in the UK over the years and in the run-up to the point of this change, so it was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her.” "She knew what was going on. She knew how hard it was. I don't know whether she was in a position to be able to change it." Speaking to Good Morning America, the Duke also shared how in 2020, neither he or Meghan Markle wanted to leave their senior royal roles. “We were based in Windsor”, he said. “That was where we genuinely thought we were going to spend the rest of our lives." Harry added: “We were trying to find a different way to work, but for one reason or another, despite the fact that it already exists within the family, we weren't allowed to do things slightly differently. "To still perform and work and support and represent the monarchy, but to be financially independent, to remove the supposed public interest, which the tabloids had used repeatedly to invade every single element of our life." Harry also ruled out a return to the UK as a working royal, and said Princess Diana would have been "heartbroken that it's ended up where it's ended up”. However, he also hopes for reconciliation with his father, brother and the rest of his family. "If we can get to the point of reconciliation, that will have a ripple effect across the world," he said. "I genuinely believe that, and that's kind of what is pushing me. And if that doesn't happen, then that's very sad." Royal analyst Richard Fitzwilliams told the Express Harry’s allegations in his memoir have “overwhelmed” King Charles. “The Royal Family do not intend to respond to the allegations in Harry’s memoir, he said to start”, he said. “However, their hand may be forced, it’s too early to tell.” “The sheer outrageousness of the claims and the malign nature of the memoir will harm the Royal Family though a great many may wonder how rational Harry is.” “King Charles will hope the strategy of silence is sustainable. The Coronation is in May and will be magnificent and royal tours will undoubtedly be announced too.”