Kate Garraway reflected on Derek Draper’s ongoing battle with hospital visits as she recalled having to rely on taxi drivers when her husband required medical assistance. She shared the heartbreaking story of Derek becoming very distressed when an ambulance was not available to Good Morning Britain co-host Ben Shephard. The GMB star revealed Derek slipped out of his wheelchair while trying to get into the taxi. She explained: “I’ve used a lot of cabs for Derek to go to and from appointments because the mobility services are very very delayed, ambulances are delayed. “But if you try and book an official car you can sometimes waiting five hours to bring you home for hospital. “He was in a lot of pain, it wasn’t sustainable so we took a cab home from the hospital.” Read more: GMB backlash as ITV blasted for giving Shamima Begum 'a platform' “We went over a speed bump and he slipped out of his wheelchair,” she continued. Ben remarked this incident was something Kate “wouldn’t have envisioned” happening. “It’s hard,” she replied. “It’s hard to deal with. You want someone with you to manage that.” Praising the taxi driver who helped Derek, Kate said: “I was really lucky the black cab driver that had a mobility access his father he’d cared for post-stroke so he was really good at handling someone with that condition. “The two of us were hauling him back into the wheelchair, strapping him in and got him home. “But I just thought many a taxi driver would say, ‘I can’t deal with it.’ I wasn’t even sure I could deal with.” Ben asked Kate if she had wished she had waited for ambulance instead of relying on a taxi. “He was in such stress and pain, you’re having to make call as individual when you’re not qualified for it,” she replied. DON'T MISSGMB backlash as Camilla's friend moans Charles 'will forgive Harry' [INTERVIEW]Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [INSIGHT]GMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [VIDEO] “I should say Derek was fine, distressed but fine,” Kate clarified. “I think we’re asking a lot of people who are not qualified.” Meanwhile, on Thursday, Kate was overcome with emotion as she recalled her battle to get a hospital bed for Derek. Speaking to Labour’s Emily Thornberry, she said: “I know from personal experience when Derek was first sick there were no spaces on any wards for him to go for the treatment he needed. She continued: “So at that time in effect, everything was nationalised. “All private hospitals had to take NHS patients at the cost of an NHS patient and he went in. “But after a while the private hospitals said they couldn't make it pay and therefore it came to an end - it reverted back.” Derek spent 13 months in hospital after contracting Covid in March 2020. He was subsequently allowed to move home where he is looked after by Kate and a team of specialist nurses. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.