On the social media platform and parenting forum Mumsnet, a woman shared a post saying "Who's got the worst mother-in-law?" and asked others to share their experiences. A forum user, under the username Petunia, claimed that she definitely has the worst mother-in-law on the planet and shared her "horrendous" story. She explained that her mother-in-law recently booked a holiday to Scotland and she "expected me to contribute towards it, whether I could go or not". When she and her husband got engaged, his mother "couldn't utter a word of congratulations" and she later "threw a tantrum" about it because she couldn't cope with the thought that "her little boy had grown up". The woman also explained that she tends to exclude her from family pictures. For instance, the mother-in-law recently took her newborn out of her arms so that she could take a family photo but didn't include her. She admitted that sadly, her mother-in-law has been "a blot on my marriage" and she never apologised for her "rude" behaviour. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Another woman, under the username Shelooksonhere, claimed that she has the worst mother-in-law after she once told her: "It is a shame that you can't choose your children's partners." The social media user went on to share some of the most awful experiences with her mother-in-law saying that she often "runs the fingers along my window ledge looking for dust". "She cuts out a clipping from newspapers about diets because I am overweight. She also told my husband to stop doing things around the house because he works when he just puts the children to bed and takes the bins out," she explained.  Another woman said that sadly, her mother-in-law is "vicious in the extreme". In particular, "she would send the children broken Christmas presents". "It happened too often for it to be accidental - she was clearly buying them, breaking them and sending them... Odd. Very, very odd. And sad," she explained. However, not everybody has a bad mother-in-law and some people are lucky to have a husband with a caring mother with whom they find love and support. A woman and Mumsnet forum member commented that their stories were "horrendous" and that she was lucky to have a "lovely" mother-in-law. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' "My sister-in-law, however, is a nightmare," she admitted and explained that her husband's sister is bossy, rude and inconsiderate. Having a good relationship with the in-laws is crucial for a successful marriage and in order to avoid problems and tensions with your partner. According to relationship experts, there are some ways to build a good relationship with a mother-in-law including always remaining polite, speaking nicely about her son and getting to know her. Complimenting her, asking for her advice in life, offering to help and bringing gifts once in a while also help improve the relationship. People struggling with their relationship could try cooking together, going to watch a film or planning a spa day. Getting to know her hobbies and participating in them can also consolidate the relationship with the mother-in-law. Leslyn Kantner, a therapist and family coach, commented: “The relationship between in-laws, particularly mother and daughter, is a complicated one. “More often than not the problem sits with the rigidity of older adults who should be open to new and different ways of doing things."