Qatar is reportedly eyeing Manchester United for a full-scale takeover as part of its Premier League investment. United are one of three English heavyweights Qatar Sports Investments is considering involvement in on the back of hosting the 2022 World Cup this winter. The Glazer family have put the club up for sale, appointing the Raine group to help them cash in during the first quarter of 2023. Though the process is privately ongoing behind closed scenes, the frontrunners to succeed the controversial American helmers are expected to become clearer as early as the end of January. And with a Middle Eastern presence expected to be in the bidding, Qatar could be a gulf state showing serious interest in making United its next football project. According to Bloomberg, Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur join United as Premier League clubs being targeted by Qatar in 2023. Qatar Sports Investments are weighing up buying a stake in the mammoth trio, but they are even considering a full-scale takeover of United and Liverpool after being up for sale last year. The Glazers want out of Old Trafford, while Fenway Sports Group are ready to walk away from Anfield. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But Tottenham are also firmly in the picture, and club chairman Daniel Levy has reportedly already held talks over potential investment from Qatar. The report claims QSI chair Nasser Al-Khelaifi met Levy in London earlier this week, but it's unclear whether he is yet to hold discussions with another Premier League club. Tottenham, however, have since denied the claims. Qatar believes any deal to invest in the English top flight would further cement its strategy to use sports to continue boosting the country's profile after the World Cup. DON'T MISS: Chelsea in limbo as Todd Boehly leaves transfer role after £9.6m deal QSI have owned Paris Saint-Germain since 2011, funding the French giants to become the European powerhouse it is today. They also hold a stake in Portuguese outfit SC Braga but now want to place down their marker in England, and there are a handful of enticing opportunities on the table. It's also believed they view South America as a priority region to invest in, but their short-term focus is on the Premier League, widely considered the world's biggest domestic league. Developments are expected in the weeks to come as United's sale grows closer and Liverpool continue to explore investment opportunities. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here