His death was confirmed by his representative on Thursday ‘after a long illness’, his wife Jan Dance told Variety. In a statement she said: “It is with great sadness after a long illness, that our beloved David (Croz) Crosby has passed away. “He was lovingly surrounded by his wife and soulmate Jan and son Django. Although he is no longer here with us, his humanity and kind soul with continue to guide and inspire us.” Crosby was celebrated for his guitar playing and vocals and his co-creation of 1960s bands The Byrds and Crosby, Stills and Nash. Crosby, Stills and Nash was set up after he was sacked from The Byrds and it was with this new group that he performed at the renowned Woodstock festival in 1969. Following news of Crosby’s death, a number of musicians mourned his loss and payed tributes on social media. Fellow 1960’s band The Doors praised Crosby as “another ethereal fixture of this ‘60s peace and love movement”. The Doors tweeted: “The world has lost yet another ethereal fixture of this ‘60s peace and love movement; a legend within his own right, and every group he was a part of. “Coming up in the same era as The Doors, David Crosby had the voice and song writing abilities that made him completely unique.” Meanwhile, the Twitter account of fellow Woodstock performer, the late-Janis Joplin posted: “With heavy hearts, we say goodbye to the beloved musician and rock icon, David Crosby.  “May his music live on forever and continue to inspire future generations. Condolences to his family and his fans around the world.” READ MORE: Joe Biden says he has' no regrets' and there is 'nothing there' .. In 2021, Crosby bookended his 60-year long career with his final album ‘For Free’ in which he collaborated with his son James. The Beachboys singer Brian Wilson discussed his ‘heartbreak’ over the loss, saying: “I don’t know what to say other than I’m heartbroken to hear about David Crosby. “David was an unbelievable talent – such a great singer and songwriter. And a wonderful person.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east (INSIGHT)Zelensky's aide quits over claim ‘deflected’ missile hit Dnipro flats (REVEAL)Clarkson's apology gave Harry and Meghan 'open goal', expert claims (REVEAL) Rosanne Cash, daughter of country legend Johnny Cash, posted on Twitter: “I can’t begin to say how influential Crosby, Stills and Nash were for me. I’m grateful David Crosby lived, and so very sad he’s gone.” Meanwhile, the account of Crosby’s late friend and fellow musician Tom Petty tweeted: “Tom counted David Crosby as a friend and a hero. He visited often at his house in the valley. “He was funny, provocative, and elective with talent. His contribution to music will never be forgotten. Our thoughts and love to his family, bandmates, and fans.” Crosby is survived by his wife Jan, son Django, son James Raymond, and daughters Erika and Donovan.