It can be a nightmare when your radiators stop working properly, especially in the depths of winter. They might not heating up or they might only get hot at the top or at the bottom. Your radiators could be noisy and need bleeding or you might have a radiator that’s leaking. If you’re having problems with your radiators, don’t worry as many of these problems are relatively straightforward to fix by yourself, according to engineers at PlumGas. Before determining how to fix radiators, it’s worth understanding how these appliances actually work. The experts said: “Radiators work by heating the room through processes known as radiation and convection. A radiator uses energy to transfer heat to the air through electromagnetic waves – similar to the heat from a stove or an open fire. “The bigger heat contribution of a radiator though is through convection. This is when the radiant energy heats the air next to a radiator, the heated air rises, which pulls cooler air through the radiator and starts the air moving. This movement forms vertical currents that travel across a room, carrying the heated air with them making your house nice and toasty.” Now you know a little more about how radiators work, here are several common radiator problems that can mean they aren’t working properly. According to the pros this is a “very common problem” that is fortunately “very easy” to solve. Typically they are two reasons for radiators not being evenly hot. READ MORE: Seven reasons for radiators not working properly - how to ‘easily fix’ One reason is that there is air trapped in the radiator. For this “very simple fix” all you need to do is locate the radiator bleed and use a radiator key to release the air. The second reason for hot and cold patches on radiators is that there is sludge wedged inside them. Sludge in the radiator is caused by rust and corroded metal that has broken off internally and is sitting at the bottom of the radiator, causing it to be “inefficient and not heating up properly”. The experts advised: “The best way to get rid of this is to remove the radiator from the wall and flush it out with water. You can also add a central heating inhibitor will help prevent it from happening again. We recommend getting a professional to help with this as it can be a bit difficult to fix on your own.” This is another fairly common problem. For example, you may have 10 radiators in your house and nine of them are getting hot whereas one remains cold. DON'T MISSEstate agent shares home improvements to avoid - ‘off-putting’ [EXPERT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [TIPS]I used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results [COMMENT] If your heating is on and other radiators are working fine, you may have stuck or frozen valves. These stop water getting into the radiator. Or, again, sludge or rust may be to blame. To resolve this issue, it is recommended to open up the lockshield valve on the cold radiator, turn on the thermostatic radiator valve and remove the top and check to see if the pin is stuck. If your radiators are not reaching their optimum temperature, it’s likely that your system needs balancing. This ensures that the flow of hot water coming from your boiler is distributed evenly around all of your radiators. Balancing your radiators can be a tricky problem to fix if you are not sure what to do call a Gas Safe registered engineer so that they can take a look. READ MORE: ‘Easiest’ steps for a ‘even finish’ when painting behind radiators According to the engineers, water leaking out of your radiators can cause “serious and expensive damage” to floors and ceilings, so it’s important to get this sorted quickly and efficiently. Sometimes this can be fixed by simply tightening the nuts on the valve with a spanner. In some cases, you may need to replace the entire valve if it is old or faulty. If this is the case, you should turn off the valves at each end. Use a bucket or towels to catch leaking water and then contact a qualified plumber or engineer. This may sound silly, but check your thermostat is set to the correct temperature, ideally between 17 and 20 degrees, according to the experts. If the radiators are still not warming up, then check both the central heating and hot water are turned on. If you’re still experiencing problems, check that the motorised diverter valve (normally next to your boiler), which controls the flow of heated water, is switched on. If this doesn’t work, then the problem could be the pump. The pump forces hot water down the flow pipe to the radiators and taps and could have become blocked with dirt or air may be trapped. Your pump should have a small nut which can be turned to release excess air. When fluid comes out, close it again. Switch the pump back on to see if the system works. According to the experts at SSE, noisy radiators aren't usually anything to worry about. A ticking or clicking sound is just the metal of the radiator expanding or contracting as it warms up or cools down. If the noise is coming from under the floor, it's probably the pipes expanding or contracting. They said: “You might also hear the radiator whistling if the water flow rate is too high. Try turning the radiator valve fully on. This should stop the whistle.” Banging, clanking and gurgling sounds can be caused by air in the radiator so bleeding them could fix the problem. Some noises might be caused by loose pipes under the floorboards. If you think this is the case, it’s best to get a Gas Safe registered engineer to take a look.