Colton Herta could well be set to get his shot in Formula 1, after Andretti Global announced its plans to make it into the circuit alongside US giants Cadillac. It was announced on Thursday that both Andretti Global and General Motors had teamed up to enter a setup into F1 as soon as 2024. The Andretti company confirmed: “Today Andretti Global and General Motors, two American powerhouses in the automotive and motorsport sectors, have announced their intent to pursue the opportunity to compete in the FIA Formula One World Championship. GM would be represented by the Cadillac brand. The Andretti Cadillac team would be based in the U.S. with a support facility in the U.K. "This reunites two iconic American companies with deep motorsports pedigrees and provides the opportunity to build on previous racing accomplishments while expanding international reach for both brands. F1 has seen consistent growth globally and most recently in the U.S. with 2023 races in Austin, Miami and Las Vegas. “The Andretti Cadillac team is planning to submit an Expression of Interest when the FIA opens the formal process. If selected, the team is seeking to compete as soon as practical with at least one American driver.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton tipped to spend another two years in F1 despite stalled contract talks Mario’s son Michael Andretti has made no secret of his plans to break into F1, and this seems to be his best chance yet. Expressing his excitement, the Andretti Autosport owner said: “We are continuing to grow Andretti Global and its family of racing teams and always have our eyes on what’s next. “I feel that we are well suited to be a new team for Formula One and can bring value to the series and our partners, and excitement for the fans. I’m proud to have GM and Cadillac alongside us as we pursue this goal. GM and Andretti share a legacy born out of the love of racing. We now have the opportunity to combine our motorsport passions and dedication to innovation to build a true American F1 bid.” DON'T MISS   Andretti and his team also expressed their intent to include at least one American driver in their F1 team. This led to many motorsport fans calling on Herta to finally get his chance in the sport’s leading circuit. And it seems Herta is the front runner according to Andretti Jr. Referencing the American driver Per Autosport reporter Luke Smith, the 60-year-old said: “We definitely have plans to have an American driver. I think you all know who is leading the pack on that one."