Joao Felix was shown a straight red card on his Chelsea debut after flying into a reckless tackle against Fulham on Thursday, with the Atletico Madrid loanee now facing a three-game ban. Felix started the game positively and had been one of the Blues' best players until his rush of blood to the head, which left his side a man light before falling to a 2-1 defeat. Chelsea were held to have pulled off a major coup by signing Felix on loan for the rest of the season. The silky 23-year-old forward had endured a strained relationship with Atletico boss Simeone and several top Premier League sides explored the possibility of snapping him up in January. The Blues were the first to strike and supporters didn't have to wait long for the 2019 Golden Boy winner to make his debut. With manager Graham Potter in desperate need of points to stave off a wave of pressure on his position in the dugout, Felix was thrown straight in at the deep end with a Premier League clash at Craven Cottage. And fans will have liked what they saw during the first half and at the start of the second, with the youngster showing sharp touches and eye-catching skills to strike fear into Fulham defenders and get Chelsea moving up the pitch. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical booked, Wout Weghorst anger What was turning out to be a positive debut suddenly became a nightmare evening for Felix, however, when he lunged high into a tackle on Fulham's Kenny Tete. The Dutchman went down in a heap and referee David Coote was given a huge decision to make, but the nature of the challenge meant he had no choice but to give the Chelsea new boy his marching orders. After flying into the tackle, Felix immediately raised his hand to the referee in apology but Fulham players were quick to make their voices heard. The former Benfica youth prospect then looked away in horror after the red card was drawn and trudged off the field with his head down. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan Utd agree Wout Weghorst deal with Besiktas in transfer breakthrough for Erik ten Hag  If the red card is upheld, which seems likely based on the tackle in question, Felix will miss Premier League showdowns against Crystal Palace, Liverpool and Fulham's return trip to Stamford Bridge. With only 20 matches left in Chelsea's league season, the loanee's absence will come as a bitter blow, particularly considering the short-term nature of his arrangement and the hefty fee Chelsea forked out to get it done. Potter has problems to fix up top with the Blues sorely lacking in front of goal this campaign. Armando Broja is sidelined with a season-ending knee injury, Kai Havertz has failed to score at a prolific rate and so has Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who was subbed off after coming on as a substitute against Manchester City last week.  Potter is now under serious pressure after picking up just six points in his last nine games, having been appointed to replace Thomas Tuchel in September. Fulham fans taunted him at regular intervals on Thursday, including chants of 'you're getting sacked in the morning'. By the time Felix had been sent off, Willian's deflected effort had given the hosts the lead before Kalidou Koulibaly poked home just after the break. With Chelsea down to 10 men, the decisive moment fell to stand-in striker Carlos Vinicius as his 73rd-minute header condemned the Blues to another painful defeat.