The singing legend recently sat down with This Morning presenter Dermot O'Leary to take a look back at his successful career spanning over six decades. When discussing his early life and days of partying, Rod made a cheeky remark when it came to his first wife, Alana Stewart. Touching on his notable parties in the early days, Dermot commented: "The stories that you have over there (America) as well!" Rod quipped back: "I used to have parties over there as well when I was married to Alana, she was very well connected in Hollywood, we had every star round there." Dermot interjected and asked: "Did that not blow your mind a little bit? Because I know you were successful, but there must have been moment..." Rod agreed and admitted: "You bet it did! It blew my mind, what am I doing here? Barbara Streisand and Jack Nicholson, Hugh Hefner. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry "I remember, Tony Curtis and I dancing around with armchairs, we had gone home. We were feeling lonely, so we just danced around, Tony Curtis, what a guy. "Of course, my friends weren't allowed in, they were all my wife's friends. All my mates and my band, I would say, 'Can they come?', 'No! They have nothing in common with these superstars. "That's probably why the marriage ended!" he teased. Rod and Alana got married in 1979 and had two children; Kimberly, 42 and Sean, 41. However, after just five years after their marriage, the pair decided to call it quits, with Alana speaking about their split with Huffington Post. She said: "The last couple of years our marriage had started to deteriorate from the madly in love couple who had everything we could possibly want. "When Rod and I broke up, I thought my world was coming to an end. I was totally devastated and I had no idea how to pick up the pieces of my broken heart.” After Alana and Rod split, the music legend went on to marry Rachel Hunter in 1990, where the couple also had two children; Renee, 29 and Liam, 27. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry swipes at ITV just minutes into interview with Tom Bradby [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce  [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [LATEST] The couple split in 1999, with Rod telling The Mail on Sunday’s Weekend magazine at the time: “I couldn't believe it. "I was a rock star. You don't dump a rock star! It knocked me for six. It was a huge shock. She was just 21 when we married and a mum a year later." After his split with Rachel, Rod went on to date his current wife Penny Lancaster soon after his split from Rachel. The couple have been together since and have two sons together; Alastair, 16 and Aiden 10. Penny recently revealed that Rod and their two sons have been helping her as she deals with symptoms of menopause. The Loose Women co-host said during an episode of the ITV talk show that the award-winning singer lends a hand when she’s struggling with brain fog, and she even takes a fan out with her to restaurants. "I've got complete brain fog. I get anxiety. I'm forgetful more than ever and I've adopted my fan now. I even take it to restaurants, it's a saviour!" she laughed. Reel Stories: Rod Stewart is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.