Joao Felix's girlfriend, Margarida Corceiro, has confirmed the couple are on their way to London to complete his loan move to Chelsea after posting a photo on her Instagram. Arsenal and Manchester United had both been linked with the signing of Felix, but Chelsea appear to have won the race for his signature. The Blues are said to have met Atletico Madrid's asking price for a loan fee of just under £10million while they're also paying his full wages. Felix is now on his way to London to complete his loan move to Stamford Bridge, with girlfriend Corceiro joining him on the private jet from Spain. Corceiro is one of Portugal's most famous models and has appeared on several TV programmes in her native country. She first gained popularity when she first started working for swimwear company Missus as a model. And the 20-year-old also appeared on Portugal's version of Dancing With The Stars back in 2020. It's been reported that her relationship with Felix began back in 2019, around the same time the forward left Benfica to join Atletico in a mega-money transfer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Corceiro has said that it was Felix who initiated contact between the pair as he reached out to her through direct messages on Instagram. Their relationship came under the spotlight last year when Corceiro hit out at the "out of control" rumours that she was caught cheating on Felix with Sporting Lisbon defender Pedro Porro. A video from inside a nightclub went viral on social media with some observers claiming it showed the pair kissing. Both Corceiro and Porro strongly denied the allegations with Felix's girlfriend taking aim at the vicious rumours.  "I have just begun to understand the proportions that this is taking," she said at the time. "It's getting out of control and it's leaving me in a very boring position, and Joao too. "On the one hand, I feel ridiculous for giving justifications to people who don't know me at all, but you guys are not understanding what's going on. This is being surreal, the messages that they are sending, they are sending death threats… People are crazy." Felix also addressed the speculation on social media, writing: "Magui's image is being tarnished by nonsense! No one betrayed anyone, stop this."