Since the news of the interviews, royal expert Emily Andrews has tweeted about some claims made in the trailers by Prince Harry. Sharing a video on Twitter for his upcoming interview with 60 Minutes, which airs on CBS, Ms Andrews wrote: "[Prince] Harry has some valid points BUT he ignores one very obvious (and well-known) source of stories. "Tabloids pay big for exclusive info", referring to Megxit. She added: "As public officials, press secs/palace staff are not allowed to be paid. So briefings yes; original sources no." In the trailer for 60 Minutes, which is one of the two interviews coming in the next few days, host Anderson Cooper asked Harry about the criticism he has received for "being so public" since the decision was made for his and Meghan Markle's exit from royal life. In the 58-second clip that Ms Andrews shared, Harry said: "Every single time I have tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and plantings of stories against me and my wife. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate as Duke 'wanted to be King' "You know, the family motto is 'Never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto." Harry added: "They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent and that correspondent will be spoon fed information and write the story. "The bottom of it, they will say they've reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. "But, the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting."  He added: "So when we are being told, for the last six years, we can't put a statement out to protect you, but you do if for other members of the family. "There comes a point when silence is betrayal". Harry has also been interviewed by Tom Bradby for ITV. DON'T MISS The two interviews will air on January 8, two days before the worldwide release of Prince Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare. Harry's 416-page memoir will be released on January 10 by Penguin Random House. The book was first revealed in July 2021 and was originally set for release in 2022.