Britain is likely to be battered with heavy rain and wind as the Met Office has issued a yellow warning for the parts of the UK for Saturday and Sunday. The Met Office has issued yellow warnings for rain for Wales and many areas in England, lasting from Friday night to Saturday lunchtime, and one for Northern Ireland from 2pm on Saturday until 3am on Sunday.  Between 20mm and 30mm of rain is likely to fall widely, with some areas seeing more than 50mm - including southwest England and the Brecon Beacons. Strong winds are also expected, with gusts of 40-50mph and possibly 60mph on exposed coasts in the south. The level two cold weather alert runs from 6pm on Sunday to 9am on Thursday across the North, the Midlands, and central and eastern parts of England. The Met Office says there is a 70 percent probability of severe cold weather, icy conditions and heavy snow, and advises people in those regions to stock up on food and medicines to reduce the need to go outside.  London, the South, and South West are covered by a level one alert - warning people to stay vigilant. The Met Office stated: “Outbreaks of rain, heavy at times, will move in from the southwest on Friday evening then persist overnight into Saturday. 20 to 30 mm rain is likely quite widely with 40 to 50 mm on some hills. “With conditions already very wet this is likely to cause some flooding. “The rain will also be accompanied by strong winds, with gusts of 40-50 mph and possibly 60 mph on some exposed coasts in the south.  READ MORE: Firm forced to pull down 'offensive' billboard poke fun in new advert “The rain and strong winds will clear eastwards during Saturday daytime.” Further north, it will turn colder with showers turning to snow over high ground. Chief Meteorologist, Andy Page, said: “After what has already been a wet start to January, further wet and windy conditions will move across the UK this weekend. “With the ground already saturated in parts of the UK this additional rainfall could bring disruption, particularly in the west. Check online to for the latest flood warnings in your area.”  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson accused of ‘looking for publicity’ in a warzone  [SPOTLIGHT]Harry hopes big brother William 'can see the benefits of therapy'  [REVEAL]NHS chief calls for increased training for doctors and nurses in UK [INSIGHT] Overnight frost will become more widespread by Monday night, with overnight temperatures below 0 C across much of the UK. Temperatures could get down to -10 C in sheltered glens, or across high ground areas of Scotland where there is lying snow. 