One of the dedicated farmers, Derek Roan, who starred in the BBC series sadly died after being injured by one of his own cows in a horror accident. He appeared in This Farming Life in 2017, where the 71-year-old and his family set up a milkshake stand for a Christmas lights switch-on event. The farmer died in hospital after a livestock incident at the family farm in June 2022. It is understood he was fatally injured by one of his own cows. An investigation is soon to be underway to determine the circumstances around the tragedy. In a statement reported by MailOnline, his family paid tribute to the "beloved husband" and "devoted father". READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now They stated: "We are totally devastated and still in shock at what has happened and it will take some time for us to come to terms of not having him around. "All Derek's hard work was for his two passions in life - his family and his farms. "Derek was well known within the farming community and many other circles. He will be sadly missed by all." The tragic accident happened there on Monday June 20, 2022, and Derek later died of his injuries. The well-known farmer was also chairman of Colvend and Southwick Community Council. Speaking at the time, vice-chairman and friend Simon Pain said: "This is an absolute tragedy for all concerned. All I know is that it was a stock-related injury on the farm itself. "Derek was well-liked and well-respected in our community." Simon paid tribute to Derek's special talent for bringing people together for the benefit of all. DON'T MISS... Alan Carr and Amanda Holden detail boozy night out with '4,000 people' [EXCLUSIVE]Jackie Stewart's wife ‘can no longer walk’ as he gives dementia update [LATEST]GMB backlash as viewers slam Love Island coverage [REACTION] He said: "I think Derek transformed the role of the community council within the community. "He made it much more active and helped develop a whole series of projects for the good of the community. "He played a leading role in building the new recreation ground behind Colvend Primary School. "And he led the way in community involvement, getting people together and moving people to help one another. "That was especially important during the pandemic. A large part of all that was down to Derek’s leadership." Simon added: "Derek was a leading light on our community council for a number of years, most of those as chairman, and in the Church of Scotland at Colvend. "He was also an active member of the local curling club – he was involved in all sorts of things." This Farming Life is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.