Although CBS’ hit comedy Big Bang Theory came to an end in 2019, Sheldon Cooper star Jim Parson had only well wishes for his former co-star Kaley Cuoco. After announcing her pregnancy, Jim paid a touching tribute to the actress.  For 12 seasons Jim and Kaley worked closely together on the Big Bang Theory where she starred as Penny Hofstadter. Her character dated and eventually married Leonard Hofstadter (played by Johnny Galecki) who was also Sheldon’s roommate. Following the finale the cast has yet to reunite on screen, however many of the stars have gone on to find success elsewhere. This includes Kaley who was nominated for an Emmy for her leading role in The Flight Attendant. READ MORE: Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star recalls ‘tearing’ at Catriona Balfe However, Kaley had more reason to celebrate after she and her partner Ozark’s Tom Pelphrey announced they were expecting their first child together. The actress took to her Instagram account and announced the news with a photo of the couple holding up a cake filled with a layer of pink icing. The caption read: “Baby girl Pelphrey coming 2023 beyond blessed and over the moon… I [heart emoji] you @tommypelphrey !!!” Kaley was overwhelmed with thousands of comments from fans congratulating the couple.  Jim Parsons also sent his well wishes and paid tribute to Kaley during a red-carpet event. He shared: “She's gonna be incredible. She's a comforting presence, and it was a pleasure to work with her day in and day out. “She's a very warm person, and I think that child is lucky to have her for a mother,” he told ET online. However, Jim wasn’t the only Big Bang Theory star to congratulate Kaley as Melissa Rauch also praised her. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]Young Sheldon exposes truth behind huge character flaw [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory’s Jim Parsons exposes deleted Sheldon moment [INSIGHT]  Under the Instagram post, the Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz star wrote: “Sending the most tremendous congratulations and all my love!” The actress has been keeping fans regularly updated on social media with new pregnancy photos including one of Tom kissing her bump. To which Kunal Nayyer who portrayed Raj Koothrappali simply commented: “Beauties.”  Big Bang Theory seasons one to 12 are available to stream on CBS in the US and on Prime Vidoes in the UK. 