Two men have been found guilty of murdering a 71-year-old woman with a hairdryer cord and dumping her body in a bin in £4.6 million scam to steal her life savings. Kusai Al-Jundi, 25, a chef, and delivery driver Mohamed El-Abboud, 28, were found guilty of murdering Louise Kam, 71 at the Old Bailey after luring her to a house she owned in Barnet. Police said the pair strangled the woman after having "preyed on her" in a bid to "plunder" her life savings. Detective Chief Inspector Brian Howie, of the Metropolitan Police, claimed the men were "driven by greed" as they also aimed to take ownership of her property. He said: "Two young men have preyed on an elderly lady in order to try and plunder her life savings, and then take ownership of her property before unceremoniously dumping her in a rubbish bin. "It was all driven by greed. Louise had money, she had cars, she had property and she had a life that both of those people wanted. "And the only way for them to get that, they saw, was to kill Louise and then to send heartless messages to her friends and family pretending that she had fled to China." The mum-of-two, who worked in rentals, owned two properties in north London, the £1.3 million home in Barnet, and a shop with three flats in Willesden. Oliver Glasgow KC, prosecuting, said Al-Jundi was "prepared to stop at nothing" to scam Ms Kam out of her property, and that El-Abboud, his best friend, was "more than happy" to help. The court heard that a friend had first introduced Ms Kam to Al-Jundi, a chef at the Yasmeen Sham Restaurant in Willesden, who boasted of having a wealthy girlfriend named Anna. He told the rentier that she was willing to put up £4.6 million to buy Ms Kam's properties in a deal that would have involved avoiding tax. But "Anna", a former City worker, was another victim of Al-Jundi, who had promised to pay £30,000 for her two cars but never delivered. He later instructed a solicitor to draw up documents that would transfer Ms Kam's properties to his name. He also had her sign a Lasting Power of Attorney document in an attempt to gain control of her finances while El-Abboud moved into Ms Kam's Barnet home. Ultimately, the court heard that she refused to conclude the deal until she could meet "Anna", and the two set up a meeting at the property. CCTV captured her entering the Barnet residence on June 26, and she was never seen alive again. El-Abboud later confessed her killing to a female friend while claiming he had acted on Al-Jundi's orders. Police discovered her body in a wheelie bin hidden beneath turf at Al-Jundi's home. Investigators later identified Al-Jundi's DNA on gloves found with the body and on one of the plastic bin bags she was wrapped in. El-Abboud's DNA was on the hairdryer and other gloves dumped with the body, and Ms Kam's blood was found on his jumper. While giving evidence, El-Abboud denied involvement in her death and blamed Al-Jundi, who declined to give evidence. The trial continues.