A London man who stabbed his father to death in a ‘shocking’ knife attack has been jailed for ten years after being convicted of manslaughter. Specialist Crime detectives led the investigation into Sean Maurice, 31, of Widmore Road, Bromley, who launched the attack against Paul Maurice in his own home in September 2021. Sean Bromley was convicted at the Old Bailey today and jailed for ten years. On the evening of Tuesday, September 14, 2021 at roughly 10.45pm, a neighbour of Paul Maurice’s answered their front door after he rang the doorbell numerous times. Paul Maurice was bare-chested and covered in blood due to multiple stab wounds and explained that he had been attacked by his son with a knife. The neighbour immediately called an ambulance and police were alerted. Police and London Ambulance Service attended and while administering first aid to Paul, he was asked who had attacked him, to which he answered “Sean”. He was treated at the scene before paramedics took him into an ambulance, but his condition quickly deteriorated and he was taken back out into the road where they performed emergency surgery. Despite their efforts, he was pronounced dead just before midnight. Attempts to track down Sean Maurice began immediately and at about 3.20am he was spotted in Burnt Ash Lane and pursued by officers on foot. JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE - Biden confirms US will send Kyiv new batch of tanks He climbed onto a shed and there was a brief standoff as officers tried to engage with him. On coming down, Sean Maurice was told that he was under arrest on suspicion of murder, to which he appeared shocked. He was taken into custody. A post-mortem examination held the following day gave Paul's cause of death as stab injuries to the chest and abdomen. He was found to have sustained 33 separate sharp force injuries in the attack. DON'T MISS'Crimea is the key - How Putin’s war will unravel in 2023' [INSIGHT]Zelensky prepares for 'final phase' of the war in battle for Crimea [REVEAL]Putin's fears over Crimea 'vulnerability' forces major military change [REPORT] Detectives then collated witness statements, CCTV and forensic evidence which was presented to the court. Detective Chief Inspector Chris Wood, senior investigating officer, said: "Our thoughts today are with the family, who have been devastated by the events of that night. "We know that Sean’s relationship with his father was a difficult one and had been for many years, however the level of violence used here was shocking and can never be justified. "I am grateful to my team of officers who have worked so diligently in what was a very complex investigation."