Overall, someone could get £775 off their gas and electricity costs if they become eligible for every payment within the space of a year. This energy bill support includes multiple different payments, which each have different eligibility criteria. With the price guarantee set to hit £3,000, households are preparing for their costs to skyrocket in the coming months and the above support could save people a lot of money. Here is a full list of the extra financial assistance that pensioners in the UK could be eligible for: It should be noted that the Government is not continuing its energy bill grant which was introduced last year. Through this scheme, all households were eligible for an extra £400 to help cover the rising cost of energy. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Households which experience sub-zero temperatures in their local area over a seven-day period could get a £25 boost from the Government. This sum is widely known as a Cold Weather Payment and is available between November 1 and March 31 every year. Only those who claim certain qualifying benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) can get this aid. There is a full list of these benefits listed on the Government’s website, including: Anyone born before September 26, 1956 may be able to get between £250 and £600 to help cover their gas and electricity costs through a ‘Winter Fuel Payment’. This particular amount of cash also includes the Government’s cost of living payment for pensioners this year, which is worth £300. The majority of pensioners will be awarded this automatically if they are eligible and will receive a letter in October or November informing them how much they will get. Those in receipt of this energy bill payment will usually be paid in November or December into the bank or building society account of their choice. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly As part of this scheme, pensioners can get £150 off their electricity bill during the winter months of the year. It should be noted that this amount is not paid directly to recipients: it is instead awarded to suppliers who will then apply it to a household's bill. Residents in England and Wales are eligible if they claim the Guarantee element of Pension Credit, are on low income and have energy bills. For people in Scotland, people qualify if they receive the same benefit and are on low income but they need to meet their supplier’s specific criteria. Caroline Abrahams, the charity director of Age UK, shared why it is imperative that pensioners reach out for this support as soon as possible. She explained: “During the winter older people are likely to spend more time at home than other age groups and are much more susceptible to the effects of the cold, particularly if they have pre-existing medical conditions. “That’s why it’s so important that they can adequately heat their homes, helping them to stay well. “The winter can have an adverse impact on older people’s mental health too. Darker, shorter days and less socialising place older people at greater risk of loneliness and isolation, which in turn can cause new mental health conditions like anxiety and depression to develop, as well as exacerbating any existing ones.”