Aside from the state pension there is also the normal minimum pension age (NMPA): the point at which a person can start taking money from their own pension savingsIn April 2028, the NMPA will increase from 55 to 57, meaning Britons will need to be 57 or older before they can start taking sums from their pension. Those who are approaching this age in the next few years are likely to resist the move, however, it could end up being lucrative. Someone who begins working on a salary of £25,000 who pays the standard monthly auto-enrolment contributions from the age of 22, would build up a total retirement fund of £171,000 by the age of 55, according to new research by Standard Life. However, retiring just two years later, at the future NMPA of 57, would result in a total pot of £193,000 - some £22,000 more. Those who continue paying into their pension right up to the age of 66 could add a further £140,000, taking their total pension to £311,000, the organisation added. READ MORE: State pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned Pension saving between the ages of 55 to 57 could make a substantial difference to a person’s eventual retirement. This is likely to be a win-win situation for those who had no plans for early retirement. Jenny Holt, managing director for customer savings and investments at Standard Life, said: “Leaving your pension pot untouched towards the end of your career can significantly increase the total amount you retire on by tens of thousands of pounds. “This is largely due to the power of compound interest, which gradually builds over time. “In five years’ time, people will not be able to withdraw from their pension until they reach age of 57. READ MORE: State pension petition for payment rise due Government response “This extra two years of accumulation should be beneficial to many, especially as retirement funds are going to be expected to stretch further than before, as people tend to live longer and are spending more time in retirement.” As a result of this change, the pension expert urged individuals to start paying into a pension as soon as possible. Starting a fund from an early age and paying into it consistently could end up having substantial benefits down the line. The biggest impact, Ms Holt added, can occur towards the end of a person’s working life. She continued: “This is something worth being aware of and factoring into your decisions as you approach retirement and start to consider stopping work – as that period can potentially influence your eventual retirement lifestyle too. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Clearly, nobody can put a price on quality time in retirement. “So it’s worth having a think about the type of lifestyle you’d like when you do retire and use that as a basis when deciding if the delay is worth it.” Towards the end of a person’s career, they are likely to be earning more in terms of salary. As a result, pension contributions could be greater, and the impact of compound interest more significant. This is especially the case compared to the start of a person’s career, where they are likely to be earning less. While there is a balance to be struck, the figures show the impact of working two additional years - and how this could be seized as a positive.