Chinese zodiac, or shengxiao, is represented by 12 zodiac animals. In order, they are the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. The year 2023 is the Year of the Rabbit, which starts from January 22 this year until February 9, 2024. Ahead of the Chinese New Year celebrations, astrologers have taken a closer look at each of the zodiac signs, explaining their personality traits in detail and predicting what's in store for them this year. The Rooster is the 10th of the 12 animals in the Chinese zodiac. Years of the Rooster include 2029, 2017, 2005, 1993, 1981, 1969, 1957, 1945, and so on. According to astrologers at China Highlights, Roosters are observant, hardworking, resourceful, courageous, and talented. They are also very confident. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Furthermore, those born under the Rooster zodiac are active, amusing, and popular. They are also talkative, outspoken, frank, open, honest, and loyal individuals. "They like to be the centre of attention and always appear to be attractive," the astrologers said. They continued: "Roosters are happiest when they are surrounded by others, whether at a party or just a social gathering. They enjoy the spotlight and will exhibit their charm on any occasion. "Roosters expect others to listen to them while they speak, and can become agitated if they don't. Vain and boastful, Roosters like to brag about themselves and their accomplishments. "Their behaviour of continually seeking the unwavering attention of others annoys people around them at times." The Rooster's lucky colours are gold, brown, and yellow. Meanwhile, their lucky numbers are five, seven, and eight. According to astrologers, they should also look out for their lucky flowers - the gladiola and the cockscomb. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry Each animal in the zodiac has its unique characteristics and not all animals get on with each other. Some are more compatible with one another than others. The Rooster is most compatible with the Ox, the Dragon, or the Snake. It does not get on as well with the Rat, or the Rabbit. As for what lies ahead for the Rooster, China Highlight's astrologers said: "As 2023 is a year of the Rabbit, Roosters, you will suffer from opposition to Tai Sui (the 'age star') in 2023, and your luck will be particularly unfavourable. "You should maintain an optimistic attitude, be prepared to meet various challenges, and put in more effort than last year. "You are predicted to have poor career development prospects in 2023. Studying a lot in your spare time and learning the knowledge and skills related to your current work can bring you better career development luck in the future. "The wealth projection for you Rooster people in 2023 is extremely unfavorable because of the impact of your career problems on your earnings. "The love fortunes of you Rooster people will offer up a great turning point, and your love life will be highly enriched."