Iga Swiatek made her feelings to a fan known after being hit by a ball after her first round win at the Australian Open. The world No 1, still seeking her first title at Albert Park, got her campaign down under off to a good start by beating German player Jule Niemeier in the first round. The Polish player was made to work though, eventually coming through 6-4 7-5 on the Rod Laver Arena. In a tight first set, the top seed pounced after Niemeier's serve failed her for the first time. The German responded with an early break of serve in the second set but at 5-3 down Swiatek upped the ante, winning four successive games to seal her win. The 21-year-old, who won both the French Open and US Open titles last year, will play Colombian Camila Osorio in round two. But she didn't leave the court quietly, making a point to a fan after she had to sharply catch a ball that was thrown at her. Fans presenting enlarged tennis balls to players top sign as they leave court is a common sight in the sport, but Swiatek issued a stern warning to the offender. JUST IN: Who is Morgan Riddle? Taylor Fritz's girlfriend talks Netflix and life on tour - EXCLUSIVE She wagged her finger and told the fan not to throw tennis balls. To her credit though, the one that she did manage to catch her midriff, she subsequently autographed before handing it back in a much more orderly fashion. The exchange was posted online by the @WeAreTennis Twitter account, and fans responded favourably. @FarahRueck said "This is why we love her," and @OfJuny added "She’s the best." @DaveKosar3 though, argued: "That was rude folks ! Someone needs to find out who threw the ball at her!!" DON'T MISS:Russian flag on show at Australian Open as Ukraine ambassador calls for actionNick Kyrgios' camp admit he could've played Australian Open as details from meeting emergeRafael Nadal pays ultimate compliment to Jack Draper after winning Australian Open clash  Fans this year have been warned about behaviour, with fears that Novak Djokovic will be jeered following his explosive visa saga in 2022. Daniil Medvedev previously claimed some spectators had a "low IQ" when he too was booed last year, but later retracted his words. Swiatek is the overwhelming favourite to prevail in the women's singles down under, following her dominance of the sport last season. She went on a 37 match wining streak, the longest such streak in the 21st century, that was ended at SW19. 