A Manchester United insider has defended their decision to spend £86million on Antony despite the 22-year-old infuriating fans. The Red Devils saw the Brazil international score in their recent 3-0 Carabao Cup win over Charlton. However, he’s endured a mixed spell at Old Trafford in the short time since his summer arrival. Manchester United knew they needed a left-footed winger to play on the right side of their attack back in the summer. And though Ajax demanded a massive fee to let Antony go, the Red Devils ultimately decided to bring him in for a massive £86m. Only Paul Pogba has moved to the fallen giants for more, with the France international costing an eye-watering £89m upon returning from Juventus back in 2016. Antony has scored five goals for United from 16 matches across all competitions since his blockbuster move from Ajax. Yet he’s a divisive figure among fans, with supporters audibly displeased by some of his decision-making in their 3-0 win over Charlton in midweek. According to ESPN, United chiefs have accepted they overpaid on Antony back in the summer. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But a club insider believes they’ve invested in potential, rather than the finished product. "We've paid for the player we think he can become, not the one he is now,” they said, responding to the criticism in the process. United landed Antony because they felt there was a lack of alternatives, even though Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez was mentioned internally. John Murtough and the rest of the club’s recruitment team were also impressed by the player’s desire to join, with the 22-year-old effectively going on strike. And United also thought some of their rivals would be looking for a similar player to Antony, too. With five goals this season, only Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford have scored more. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But United clearly feel there’s more to come from Antony, who has experienced some initial teething problems in England so far. Meanwhile, former United star Andy Cole believes Alejandro Garnacho is a more exciting talent than Antony at the current moment in time. The Argentina international has flourished under Ten Hag in recent months, establishing himself as one of the best young players on the planet. “Garnacho excites me more to be honest,” he told Casinos En Ligne. “I think he’s busy and aggressive when he gets on the ball and he always wants to take people on. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He looks to drop a shoulder, go past his defender and get crosses in or get his shots off. “As a centre forward like me, when you’ve got a winger like that who wants to put the ball in that makes my mind up early doors because you know you’re in the game. “I think he’s a really talented player and I’d love to see him get more action this season.” Antony also recently scored as United beat Everton 3-1 in the FA Cup. And, speaking after that victory, he thanked his team-mates after enduring a difficult period in his personal life. "First of all, it's a feeling of joy. I'm happy to score again, especially at home. I've set some goals for me this season and it's good to score as soon as I've started to think of personal goals," he said. “But, of course, the most important is United's qualification to the next stage. I also feel relieved as in the last days I had a shock, but I prefer not to comment on what happened. "It was a personal matter, really hard, but I'm very grateful to God for putting that behind me now, grateful to the club, to the players, to the manager, everyone stayed by my side. “It's in the past now, I'm happy to score and I hope to keep going like this because this is a year of a lot of achievements and wins. “This is my mind frame now, I'm 100 per cent focused on honouring the fans and the club. “We all know the size of this club and we want to put United back to where it deserves."