The GB News broadcaster, 64, has confirmed he will finally be back on screens from next week following the four-month break after a back operation. His Breakfast co-star, Isabel Webster, who has been working alongside different stand-ins for her GB News partner, announced the news on Thursday. She remarked: "He's the king of breakfast TV, and he's back and returning to his throne. "Set your alarms, Eamonn Holmes back on GB News Breakfast from the ninth of January at 6am." Eamonn underwent surgery due to continuous pain, and faced a gruelling recovery. He described his months of trying to heal from the operation as "hellish". READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' According to GB News, Eamonn had been hoping to return to work before the New Year but was forced to delay his return after a fall down the stairs left him with a fractured shoulder. "It was a massive setback," the presenter admitted in November. "But day by day I'm improving and I am remaining positive and trying to look on the bright side." Speaking of his return, he added: "I can't wait to get back to work at GB News and do what I love most, presenting the news and discussing the issues of the day alongside Isabel with our wonderful viewers and listeners. "I can't say a big enough thank you to everyone who has sent me lovely messages, they've really cheered me up and kept me going. "One thing I've noticed is just how many other people out there are suffering from chronic pain, and I am determined to keep speaking up on their behalf. "Also, I really must say a heartfelt thank you to the doctors and nursing staff who have been looking after me. They all are amazing. God bless." DON'T MISS... BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage [LATEST]Naga Munchetty brands BBC Breakfast co-star Carol Kirkwood 'weird' [VIDEO]Amanda Holden and Alan Carr face rat-infested home in new series [EXCLUSIVE] News presenter Huw Edwards and Homes Under The Hammer star Lucy Alexander were among the other famous faces to congratulate him as he looked forward to his return. The star had previously confessed his mobility issues were "frustrating" and "soul-destroying". Eamonn has been candidly updating fans about his recovery as well as other health battles he has faced in recent years. In late December, he took to Twitter to share his latest plight. He explained he had "worked hard" at his physio, but was impatient to see results. "Very tiring but I've now sat on my backside for 5 hours and feel bad about doing nothing," he wrote. "Lack of mobility & depending on others stops me doing really simple things. "For peace of mind I feel another round of foot exercises coming on." Breakfast airs daily on GB News from 6am.