Novak Djokovic made a winning return at the Australian Open as he downed Roberto Carballes Baena 6-3 6-4 6-0 in two hours. It was the world No 5’s first official match at Melbourne Park since he was deported from the country on the eve of last year’s Aussie Open and he received a warm welcome from the fans. Djokovic also put any fears over his hamstring injury to rest with an almost-perfect performance against the Spaniard. Djokovic walked onto court for his first Australian Open match in 695 days to a rousing reception, as the Rod Laver Arena crowd greeted him with roaring cheers. The fans were already chanting his name after the first game as the fourth seed started his campaign for a record 10th title in Melbourne Park against the world No 75, who he had beaten in their only previous meeting at the 2019 US Open. The nine-time champion was the first to set up a break point chance at 2-1 but failed to capitalise and was forced to save three on his own serve in the next game. There was then some confusion as Djokovic was seen asking chair umpire Aurelie Tourte whether he could go to the toilet during the changeover, running off to the bathroom himself before she could respond. He quickly returned as she called time at the end of the changeover and managed to get himself to triple break point on the Spaniard’s serve, finally snatching the first break of the match to take a 4-2 lead in the opener before he quickly raced to take the opening set 6-3 in 43 minutes. JUST IN: Australian Open cancel matches in huge boost for Andy Murray  Djokovic looked to take a stronghold on the match in the second set as he created another break point chance but the 29-year-old saved it. Carballes Baena couldn’t fend off the 21-time Major champion for long as he found himself break point down at 3-3 after being 40-30 up, with the Serb breaking and rolling through his next two service games to take a 6-3 6-4 lead. Momentum was well and truly with the fourth seed going into the third set as he raced to a 0-40 lead on his opponent’s serve and broke once again, putting himself within touching distance of the second round. And it was all one-way traffic from then on, as Djokovic dropped just four points in the entire final set as he raced to the finish line and secured a 6-3 6-4 6-0 win in exactly two hours, finishing play on Rod Laver Arena shortly before 1am Melbourne time. DON'T MISSMurray explains what made the difference in 'impressive' Aus Open winOns Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open win'Devastated' Kyrgios shares surgery plans after Aus Open withdrawal    There had been some concern over Djokovic’s physical state after he tweaked his hamstring muscle in the semi-final of the Adelaide International ten days ago and was then forced to abandon a practice match with the Russian in Melbourne days later when he needed treatment on the thigh. He also cancelled a practice session on Monday before taking to the court a few hours later and reassuring fans that he was okay. And his statement proved more than true during his opening match, as Djokovic cruised into the second round with no physical issues throughout the two-hour clash. After earning his 22nd-consecutive win and 83rd overall at the Australian Open, he is now through to the second round to face either Hugo Dellien or qualifier Enzo Couacaud, whose own first-round match was cancelled and moved to Wednesday when play was suspended multiple times for extreme heat and later for rain. 