The bride looked stunning as she arrived for the ceremony, wearing a gown by Luisa Beccaria with an elaborate veil. As Gabriella stepped out of the chapel, fans got the very first glimpse at her royal wedding tiara. Lady Gabriella chose a Russian fringe-style diamond tiara, often called the Kent City of London Fringe tiara, to complete her wedding day look. This tiara has a special connection to Gabriella. But what was it? Gabriella’s wedding tiara was also worn by her mother, Princess Michael of Kent, and her grandmother, Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, on their wedding days. Princess Michael's wedding was held on June 30, 1978, and the Princess, who is also known as Marie Christine, wore the tiara to a ball that was held after her wedding ceremony, rather than to the entire affair.   READ MORE: Prince George and Princess Charlotte have adorable nickname for Louis The Kent City of London Fringe tiara was originally given to Marie Christine's mother-in-law, Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, by the city of London on her wedding day in 1934. Eventually, Marina's son Prince Michael inherited the tiara when she died in 1968. The tiara almost looked identical to Princess Beatrice's wedding tiara, the Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara, which was also worn by the late Queen and Princess Anne at their weddings. Beatrice's tiara is estimated to be worth upwards of £5million and has proved popular among many other royals.   In contrast, the Kent City of London Fringe tiara is estimated to be worth only £3million. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about the Kent City of London Fringe tiara which Lady Gabriella wore. She said: "The Kent City of London Fringe Tiara was first gifted to Princess Marina of Greece when she married Prince George, Duke of Kent, in 1934 by the City of London. "The tiara worth a staggering £3million, belonged to Gabriella's late grandmother, Princess Marina.  READ MORE: Lady Gabriella Windsor: Queen Elizabeth II arrives at Royal Wedding "The tiara is a Russian-inspired diamond set gold and silver tiara and has become an iconic Kent family heirloom. "The most recent sighting of the tiara was when it was worn by Lady Gabriella Windsor, daughter of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, for her wedding in 2019." Lady Gabriella wore a stunning gown by Italian designer Luisa Beccaria, which featured a cream blush train with antique rose embroidery. The body was slim-fitting with a round neckline and lace sleeves, while the train flared out dramatically.  Gabriella wore also elegant diamond drop earrings with her wedding ensemble. Royal fans also caught a brief glimpse of her unusual heart-shaped engagement ring, with her new wedding ring placed beside it. Gabriella's nine flower girls and page boys wore matching designs, also created by Luisa Beccaria. Guests included several members of the Royal Family, including the late Queen, Prince Harry, Prince Andrew, Princess Anne, and Sarah Ferguson. 