WARNING spoilers ahead. In the latest episode of Happy Valley, BBC fans learnt that Ryan (Rhys Connah) has been secretly visiting his estranged dad Tommy (James Norton) in prison. Although viewers predict that he’s not the only person that’s been paying the criminal a visit as a creepy character could be making a comeback.  Although Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) is edging closer to her retirement, she’s not having an easy ride in the lead-up to hanging up her uniform. The third series of the BBC drama saw the copper being faced with investigating a new gruesome gangland murder of Gary Gaggowski. There’s also a new war on the horizon between her and Tommy Lee Royce, her arch nemesis, as it was unveiled in the latest episode that he’s continuing to taunt her from behind bars. Fans learnt that although she’s been trying to keep her grandson as far away from his criminal father as possible, he’s been visiting him over the past year.  READ MORE:GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash  The 16-year-old has been going to Sheffield with a man and a woman who turned out to be Catherine’s sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran) and her boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill). Not wanting to confront her directly, Catherine decides to follow them to the prison to see the family betrayal with her own eyes. While her grandson and Neil go to see Tommy, her sister decides to stay away and heads into a local coffee shop to wait, while Catherine observes her without her knowledge. Giving her the chance to confess, she calls her sister who ends up lying about her whereabouts, when the call ends Catherine walks in and sits opposite her.   Ending in a cliffhanger, fans were quick to take to Twitter on predicting what could unfold in the next episode. Although eagle-eyed viewers don’t think it's been Clare going into the prison, given that she waited in a cafe. Instead, there have been theories that it could be teacher Frances Drummond (Shirley Henderson) as the woman on the visiting log. The teacher was infatuated with Tommy and was even willing to continue his criminal activity while he sat behind bars.  DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh addresses his role in The Larkins being ‘cancelled’ [VIDEO] Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL] GMB viewers slam ‘dreadful’ interview with Prince Harry's past fling [REACTION] L_oc81 wrote: “Are we sure it’s not that creepy lady teacher (Frances) from Series 2 using Clare’s name that’s bringing Ryan to visit?” TooBIonde added: “Shirley Henderson’s character is missing so far.” N3graBella questioned: “I'm confused I thought it was the teacher that had been taking Ryan to see his dad?”  Speaking about the upcoming episode on Monday’s instalment of This Morning, actress Siobhan teased there’s drama to come. 