The average savings of £60 per household will be paid in addition to other UK Government cost of living support, such as the Energy Price Guarantee and Energy Bill Support Scheme. Electricity distribution is more expensive in the north of Scotland because of its unique geography. The extra help will come through the Hydro Benefit Replacement Scheme (HBRS) and the Common Tariff Obligation (CTO), which are automatically deducted from bills. The HBRS was set up in April 2005 to provide a cross subsidy to reduce distribution charges in the area. All licensed electricity suppliers are charged to help fund the scheme, costing £1 per household. The CTO prevents electricity suppliers from charging comparable domestic consumers different prices based on their location within the region. READ MORE: Thousands of state pensioners get less than £100 a week but payments will rise in April   The upcoming improvements include: READ MORE: 'Can't afford to stop’: Brits forced to work into later life as ‘pensions won’t stretch’ UK law requires the HBRS and CTO to be reviewed every three years. The latest review included a public consultation, outlining the technical improvements. Most respondents supported a proposal to retain the scheme as they are. Ministers will now publish a response to the consultation. Secondary legislation will be brought forward to implement the improvements with a view for them to come into force on February 6, 2023. The Energy Price Guarantee caps the unit price of energy to keep down energy bills for UK households, with average bills in Great Britain at around £2,500 a year. This will go up in April, when average bills will increase to around £3,000 a year, with the policy to last for another year from then. The Energy Bills Support Scheme is providing all households in Great Britain with £400 off their energy bills. Consumers are receiving the discount in monthly instalments over six months, with two £66 instalments from October and November 2022 and four £67 instalments from December 2022 to March 2023. People in Northern Ireland have this week started to receive a £600 one-off payment, including the £400 discount, over the coming weeks.