  On Tuesday afternoon, Jeremy Renner posted a photo of himself on Instagram in a hospital bed with facial bruises. The caption read: “Thank you all for your kind words, Im too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all.”    The actor is currently in intensive care and remains in critical condition after it was revealed he was run over by a 14,330lb (6,500kg) snowplough on Sunday, New Year’s Day. He was airlifted to the hospital from his home near Reno, Nevada where underwent surgery for blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries. It’s been reported that Renner was clearing a road using his personal snow plough after a heavy snowstorm had hit the US. Northern Nevada has experienced many heavy snowstorms in recent weeks, with more than 10,000 Washoe country residents losing power on New Year’s Eve as well as hundreds of roads being closed in the area and in the neighbouring state of California.      On Tuesday, Washoe country Sherif, Darin Balaam said at a press conference that during the police investigation, it was discovered that Renner was knocked down by the snow plough while trying to free his car that had been stuck in the snow. Sherif Balaam said the incident happened while Renner was being “a great neighbour” and helping dig out roads in his community by using his PistenBully snow plough. He said: "After successfully towing his vehicle, Mr Renner got out of the PistenBully to speak to a family member, "At this point, it started to roll. In an effort to stop it, he attempted to get back into the driver's seat...and he is run over by the PistenBully. "A eyewitness said he saw Renner get in... and didn't see him again until it came to rest in a pile of snow at the bottom of his driveway." READ MORE: Scary video shows individuals being rescued from an amusement park      Sherif Balaam also said it had been a “tragic accident” and that his office had taken possession of the plough in order to rule out mechanical failure, which he said was a “normal part of any major investigation". Celebrity news website TMZ reported that Renner was helped by neighbours when the incident happened, one of which was a doctor. A witness told TMZ that the neighbour had placed a tourniquet on his heavily bleeding leg until paramedics arrived. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [REVEAL]Chelsea can seal Enzo Fernandez transfer on one condition [REPORT]Harry and Meghan fail to understand UK is no longer in awe of royals [INSIGHT]    Samantha Mast, a representative for the actor, said in a statement that the actor was currently in “critical but stable condition”. She said: "Jeremy's family would like to express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County Sheriff, Reno City Mayor Hillary Schieve and the Carano and Murdock families. “They are also tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans."  