In the UK, a television licence is required to watch programming as it is being broadcast or to stream live content. As it stands, the cost of a television licence per household comes to £159 which covers all devices. While a TV licence is only necessary for those who watch live TV and/or BBC iPlayer, it could mean the thousands who don’t could cut costs by cancelling or requesting a refund if they’ve already paid the fee. Households can also apply for a refund if their licence fee has expired less than two years ago. Britons who are eligible for the blind discount on their TV licence or who are aged over 75 can claim a refund at any given time. Pension Credit claimants who are over 75 do not need to pay the licence fee while blind people get 50 percent off their bill. READ MORE: State pension warning: Claiming certain DWP benefits can affect your payments - check now On its website, TV Licensing provides clarity on how the refund process works and how much someone can receive. Advice is offered on how the refund process works and which households are eligible. The authority states: “You can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date you no longer need the TV Licence. “If your licence has already expired, you can apply if less than two years have passed since the expiry date. READ MORE: Britons face 'challenging times' despite state pension increase - what help is available? “There’s a short form to fill in and we may ask for evidence to support your refund request. “We aim to process and issue refunds within 21 days of receiving your application. “Any refund due to you will be paid to you by either a cheque or by BACS transfer directly into your bank account.” If someone’s refund application is approved, their household TV licence will automatically be cancelled. The £159 refund will then be paid directly to recipients by either a cheque or by BACS transfer directly into their bank account. Those looking for more information on when their television licence expires can sign into their account. To do this, households must log in using their licence number, the name on the licence and postcode. On the website, advice is offered on how the refund process works.