Liverpool could be set to ruin Chelsea’s move for Moises Caicedo with Brighton believed to be keen on Reds’ midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. The development offers Jurgen Klopp the opportunity to launch an 11th-hour swap deal attempt for the Ecuadorian using the 29-year-old to bring the price down. Caicedo has been linked with a host of clubs over the course of the January transfer window with his impressive performances for Brighton. Liverpool and Arsenal are among the clubs to have been credited with an interest however Chelsea are the subject of the strongest speculation with Graham Potter keen to reunite with his former star. The Blues have reportedly already seen an offer of £55million rejected by the Seagulls and are weighing up whether or not to return with another. The South Coast side are said to be holding out for £75m, a fee the club are reluctant to pay. Liverpool, therefore, have the opportunity to solidify their interest by making a bid of their own, potentially using Oxlade-Chamberlain to bring the price down. The Englishman’s contract expires at the end of the season but is attracting interest from Brighton according to the Daily Mail with Roberto De Zerbi keen to utilise his versatility in midfield and attack. However, given the 29-year-old contract status and current play time he is unlikely to command much of a fee, meaning he may not have much of an impact on negotiations. Recent reports have suggested that Caicedo would love a move to Stamford Bridge but he will do nothing to force through a deal. In the meantime, he has been keen to stress his full focus remains on life at the Amex as Brighton seek to keep up their good run of form, with European football a distinct possibility at the season’s end. “I am focused on Brighton,” he told club media. “I am here, I’m playing every day. Things from outside don’t trouble me, nor does it take that focus away because I’m focused only on here. “I handle [the speculation] well. You hear rumours here and there, but I only try to be focused on the club where I am now, the club which opened the doors for me to be playing every week.” It remains to be seen if Caicedo will be on the move in the final days of the January transfer window but Liverpool may just have enough scope to put a cat among the pigeons before deadline day.