Prince Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir Spare was published last week and quickly became one of the best-selling books in the UK. However, social commentator Adam Brooks slammed the Duke of Sussex’s memoir for “embarrassing the UK”, a view shared by the majority of Express.co.uk readers, a new poll has found. Mr Brooks criticised Harry’s decision to publish his tell-all book and the impact it has on both the Royal Family and the nation while speaking with GB News host Dan Wootton on Wednesday, January 11. In sharing his thoughts on Spare Mr Brooks said: “It's quite a strong word, but I think I hate Harry for what he is doing to the UK He continued: “He is not just embarrassing the Royal Family and himself. He is embarrassing the UK. He is, and he is actually trying to destroy the reputation of the current king and the future king.” Nile Gardiner, a royal expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, agreed with Mr Brooks, and tweeted: “Well said”. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed for ‘embarrassing the UK’ with new Megxit memoir In a poll that ran from midday on Thursday, January 12, to 10:45am on Tuesday, January 17, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Has Prince Harry ‘embarrassed the UK’ with his memoir?” In total, 3,604 votes were cast with the vast majority of readers, 82 per cent (2,945 people), answering “yes” Harry has embarrassed the UK. Whereas 17 per cent (628 people) said “no” he has not and a further one per cent (3 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the impact of Spare. Many readers argued that Harry has embarrassed the UK, with username JL77 commenting: “Yes he most definitely has.” Similarly, username lioness55 said: “Yes, they have more than embarrassed the UK.” Username pollyflinders added: “Yes Harry has embarrassed himself, his family and his country.” Likewise, username oak said: “He's embarrassed his country his family but mostly himself.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry faces boycott as Peter Andre hits out at royal [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology [ANALYSIS]King Charles urged by commentator to ‘cut off’ Harry and Meghan [UPDATE] Other readers agreed that Harry had embarrassed himself with his memoir, like username Goldielover, who said: “It's more of an embarrassment to himself. Certain parts of it he will never be able to fully live down. The rest of the Royal Family and the country will shrug it aside once the publicity dies down and carry on.” Username ForrestGump said: “No. The Brits are much better than that to stoop to this drivel. The only one who is embarrassing is Harry.” Another, username ValBrooker, said: “I think he's only embarrassing himself.” And username Marzipan!: agreed writing: “No! He’s only embarrassed himself.” Harry’s favourability rating among Britons has hit a record low of -44 with just a quarter (24 per cent) thinking positively of the Duke compared to 68 per cent who hold a negative opinion, according to a YouGov survey conducted between January 10 and 11 of 1,691 Britons. The survey also showed the number of Britons who are proud of the British Monarchy also fall to 43 per cent, down from 55 per cent in September. Despite the slight decrease support has remained steady. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams attributed this to the fact Harry’s situation is “nothing the institution hasn’t faced before”. Speaking to Time last week, he said: “In Britain, I think it’s part of our DNA. There is a dysfunctionality about the monarchy, about the way the family is forced to behave, but then, on the other hand, that makes it even more fascinating.”