Greenpeace have called on Manchester United to snub any approach from Sir Jim Ratcliffe to become the next owner of the club. The Red Devils are currently on the market, with the Glazers open to selling after 18 controversial years in charge. However, as things stand, no takeover is close to being completed. Ratcliffe recently went public with his desire to purchase United. The INEOS chief is a supporter of the Red Devils and, after missing out on Chelsea to Todd Boehly last term, is now eyeing the club of his dreams. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling United, though have stopped short of publicly confirming they’re willing to walk away. For many fans, Ratcliffe would be a good pick as next owner given his footballing allegiances. But Greenpeace have now called on United to turn down any bids from the 70-year-old as they look to protect the environment. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big A Greenpeace UK spokesperson told The Mirror: “Accepting this bid would be an awful own goal for Manchester United. “Petrochemicals giant INEOS is just the latest fossil fuel company trying to use a popular sport to distract from their climate-wrecking business. “With interests in oil and gas, plastics and agrichemicals, INEOS has a hat-trick of environmental harms to its name. “They are top of the table for plastic production in the UK and are one of the loudest voices in favour of fracking. “Manchester United should really question whether polluting their image and enabling blatant sportswashing is really worth the dirty money they would get.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Whether Ratcliffe, who owns Nice, acquires United as well is something only time will tell. And Gary Neville recently suggested he approved of the British billionaire, while making it clear the Glazers need to go. “The main thing is that the Glazers leave as quickly as possible and the second thing is that whoever takes it over, if they could hand it over to people who are in good hands and have a feeling for the club, that would be great,” Neville told Sky Sports. “Jim Ratcliffe was born in Manchester and knows the area. “If he wins it, I think there will be a lot of very happy Manchester United fans. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He would want to do the right thing by the club - in fact I am sure that he would. “That’s the main thing beyond the Glazers leaving, that they don’t hand it over…I don’t think United can hand it over to another investment firm who are expecting a return on their money. “That’s what worries me a little bit about private enquiry coming into football and that ultimately, they are looking for a return on their money and a return on their investment. “If that’s the case, it could mean that United aren’t in a similar place to where this club [ Manchester City ] are here, or Newcastle with benefactors who are happy to live debt free, not have interest payments, not leverage debt against the club. “Manchester United need to be a debt-free football club, with someone who’s willing to put money in.” And he added: “The problem is the price is going to be big and you’re going to need deep pockets. “Whether Jim will need to bring people with him, I don’t know. But I’m hopeful that can happen, but it could be any number of buyers, it’s not going to be just Jim Ratcliffe bidding to buy this football club. “The main thing is that they do the right thing, I’d like to see the criteria for what a new owner of Manchester United looks like. “I’ve said that before…debt free, making sure they manage the facilities, making sure they put money into the football project. I think they are really important things. “The priority for the new owner has to be winning. A winning football club and a winning Manchester United become very difficult to stop. We’ve seen that in the past.”