Silent Witness marked a huge milestone last year as it was the long-running crime drama's 25th anniversary. The BBC series is once again back for yet another head-scratching investigation which is bound to keep Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) busy. Here's everything there is to know to watch Silent Witness season 26. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Silent Witness. Typically, Silent Witness has returned in January but in recent years, due to the coronavirus pandemic impacting filming, the latest series have been delayed by a few months. But lifelong fans will be delighted to know that normality will resume with this upcoming series. Silent Witness season 26 is going to premiere on Monday, January 2, at 9pm on BBC One. So the wait is almost over to find out what Nikki and Jack will be up against next. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Todd Grimshaw exposes Esther and Mike's Once again, Silent Witness will be showing two-part specials over two consecutive nights. The first episode of The Penitent will come out on January 2 with the second part out on Tuesday, January 3, at the same timeslot. Last year, viewers were only treated to a total of six episodes, however, there will be a lot more to look forward to this time around. Season 26 is going to consist of a whopping 10 episodes, the first time the show has had this amount of instalments since series 23 in 2020. Silent Witness season 26 is going to air two episodes every Monday and Tuesday night. Here is what the episode schedule looks like for this new series: The Penitent Part One - Monday, January 2 at 9pm The Penitent Part Two - Tuesday, January 3, at 9pm Familiar Faces Part One - Monday, January 9, at 9pm Familiar Faces Part Two - Tuesday, January 10, at 9pm Star Part One - Monday, January 16, at 9pm Star Part Two - Tuesday, January 17, at 9pm Episode Seven Part One - Monday, January 23, at 9pm Episode Eight Part Two - Tuesday, January 24, at 9pm Episode Nine Part One - Monday, January 30, at 9pm Episode 10 Part Two - Tuesday, January 31, at 9pm DON'T MISS...Silent Witness star addresses ‘difficult’ future for Nikki and Jack [SPOILER]EastEnders casts Jonny Freeman as Dot Branning's relative for funeral [CAST]EastEnders actor on benefits faces eviction [EXPLAINER] The milestone 25th series saw the return of Silent Witness stalwart Amanda Burton as Sam Ryan. Nikki met Sam after the health secretary was assassinated at the launch of Sam's new company and there were questions over whether or not she could be trusted. Thankfully, Sam's name was soon cleared as she was able to help Nikki and Jack solve the case. But actress Burton has already confirmed that she won't be back for season 26. She simply stated: "No. No more Silent Witness. "This has been so special and gorgeous, and to be a part of this landmark celebration of the 25th anniversary is enough." Silent Witness will return for season 26, kicking off with the premiere episode entitled, The Penitent. The synopsis reads: "When a man plummets from a high-rise building, the Lyell team cross paths with the NCA and a notorious mafia group, pushing Nikki to make a tough decision." Silent Witness season 26 premieres on Monday, January 2, at 9pm on BBC One.