Keeley Donovan, 39, has bravely opened up in an Instagram post shared with her 32,000 followers. The BBC presenter shared her heartbreaking account of losing a baby as she recounted the “sad and worrying time”. She shared a picture of a bouquet of white flowers sitting alongside a single candle as she described her experience in a lengthy caption. Keeley began her statement with a trigger warning for others who may have experienced baby loss. She penned: “I returned to work last week but you might not have seen me around for a while, the truth is I've been off with horrid morning sickness. “Unfortunately the day before our 12 week scan I started to show signs of a miscarriage. At the scan there was no heartbeat. “A few days later I ended up back in hospital because of heavy blood loss. It's been a sad and worrying time.” Keeley went on to explain how she coped after finding out the sad news and how she leaned on other women for support. She continued: “It’s awful to think that so many people go through this but I have found comfort in knowing that miscarriages aren’t uncommon. “Talking to other women/friends who’ve been through a similar experience has really helped. “It still feels like a subject that lots of us don’t know enough about. I had no idea, for example, about how traumatic the physical side of a miscarriage can be.” However, the TV star could not help but feel “shame” as she expressed hopes her announcement will help some going through a similar situation. Keeley added: “One of the many emotions I’ve felt is shame. I can’t help wondering if this is one of the reasons it’s not more widely talked about. “So I’m just posting this as one more person adding to the dialogue. Maybe it will help someone in a tiny way to know they aren’t alone in their experience.” DONT MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [UPDATE]Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears [NEWS]Lorraine Kelly distracted by Prince Harry's voice in ITV interview [LATEST] Keeley admitted that another reason to share the deeply personal news was to show that “sometimes life can be a bit rubbish too.” The broadcaster concluded her statement by encouraging other women who experienced a miscarriage to seek support. She wrote: “If you have had a miscarriage and would like advice or feel you need to speak to someone @tommys and @cradle_charity are helpful. “Thank you to our friends, family and colleagues who have been so kind to us over the past few weeks.” Keeley received an outpouring of support from friends and fans who took to the post’s comments section to send her their well-wishes. Amyclairegarcia said: “Sending huge love Keeley - I’m sure your words have helped so many going through a tough time too xxx.” Blythelesley added: “Oh Keeley, what very sad news. I hope you are getting the support you need at this time xx” Stevehendry1 simply commented: “Kindest thoughts with you.” If you have been affected by this story, you can seek advice at www.miscarriageassociation.org.uk or by calling 01924 200 799