Andretti Cadillac Racing may well be joined by another new addition to the F1 grid in 2026 with Panthera Team Asia similarly hoping to join the exclusive group. It was confirmed this week that Andrettyi and General Motors had joined forces to help put the Cadillac name on the F1 grid in the near future.  Michael Andretti has long been trying to convince the FIA to expand the current 20-car grid. Rival teams have argued that an 11th team would dilute the overall revenue split between them all. But FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem has opened the doors for new teams to join the F1 grid. He has requested an 'Expressions of Interest' process to be launched for prospective new F1 teams. Andretti Cadillac Racing appear set to benefit from the new measure with Mark Reuss suggesting the team already have an agreement in place for a power unit supplier. But they're not the only F1 hopeful looking to break into the global sport with Panthera Team Asia now announcing their plans. Speaking to PlanetF1, Panthera team principal Benjamin Durand reflected on the team's long-standing interest in taking a spot on the F1 grid. The Covid-19 pandemic put a stop to their immediate plans, but they're back on track now with Durand claiming things are "ready to go" with a bid already lodged with the FIA. To help their cause, Panthera also say they have a "pre-agreement" for an existing power unit supplier. “We have had a discussion with basically everybody in the paddock right now,” Durand said. “We have on paper a pre-agreement with one of the manufacturers.  “That said, we are also very cautious about the power unit because our understanding is that there will be six manufacturers in 2026. We are not locked in with anybody right now. We have a pre-agreement with one of them but it’s just a letter of intent. “We are also talking with some manufacturers in Asia that might come to Formula 1 power units at some stage but I don’t think they will partner with us at the beginning and definitely they will not be ready to do an engine for 2026.” The FIA have not stated whether there will be a limit on how many new teams are able to join F1 from 2026. That year will also see major changes to all teams' power units on the F1 grid in a fresh shake-up. Porsche and Audi are also working on plans to enter F1 in four year's time with the latter announcing last year that they'll have their own power unit.