Manchester United want a new striker this winter. And with the likes of Joao Felix and Memphis Depay being linked with moves to Old Trafford, it’s possible the club’s next No 7 could arrive this month. Erik ten Hag knows he needs a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo and, presently, the 37-year-old’s former jersey at the club is up for grabs… Manchester United had been expecting Ronaldo to stay until the end of the season, despite the veteran struggling hit his usual heights following the appointment of Ten Hag as manager. But they had no choice but to part ways with the veteran back in November after he’d given a critical interview to Piers Morgan about life at the club. Now, United are looking to bolster their attack to ensure they can secure a return to the Champions League following their absence from the competition this season. And with Felix and Depay two of the players on their radar, it’s possible their next No 7 could be announced by the end of the month. United do also have interest in Wout Weghorst, with the Burnley flop being eyed amid his impressive resurgence at Besiktas. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But Felix and Depay would be more natural fits for the No 7 given their history with the jersey over the years. Felix has worn the digit ever since moving to Atletico Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2019 for a massive £114million. He had initially hoped to wear the same No 79 he’d sported during his spell at Benfica but, ultimately, La Liga rules prevented him from doing so. Felix, upon moving to Spain three-and-a-half years ago, opened up on his preferred number by saying: “I wanted the No 79, but they didn’t let me here. “Then I wanted the No 10, but that was already taken, so I ended up with the No 7.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Given it’s the strip Felix wears at Atletico, it’s feasible he may wear it at United in the event of any potential move to the Premier League. And it might also appeal to Depay, too. The Barcelona star was given United’s iconic No 7 strip upon arriving from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015. Big things were expected of the Netherlands international, who had also attracted interest from Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain prior to his switch. Things started well for Depay, who netted a memorable double during a Champions League qualifier against Club Brugge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But he would end up being flogged to Lyon by Jose Mourinho after 18 infuriating months where he suffered a remarkable fall from grace. Depay is on United’s list of potential options as they look for a way to bolster their squad this month. And with the player believing he has unfinished business in England, giving him the No 7 is something that certainly can’t be ruled out. Meanwhile, Ronaldo is currently gearing up for the start of his new adventure in Saudi Arabia with Al-Nassr. And, according to former United striker Dwight Yorke, the veteran had a list of demands for Ten Hag upon the 52-year-old’s arrival back in the summer. "What Cristiano has done, to me, is not a surprise," he told The National. "I had a one-to-one conversation with [Ronaldo] … we talked in depth. "I knew [he] wasn’t happy with whatever was going on at the club. He expressed that in a very open and honest way to me. “He was clearly unhappy. He [Ronaldo] felt that the club wasn’t progressing the way he wanted it to and he demanded certain things from the incoming manager. "I felt that if that wasn’t to happen, then there was going to be something that we eventually saw happen. So when all of that came out, I knew it was already a ticking time bomb just ready to explode."