Boris Johnson allies are calling for major changes to the way the new Tory chairman is chosen following the sacking of Nadhim Zahawi. Lord Cruddas, who spearheads the new Conservative Democratic Organisation (CDO) grassroots movement, is pushing for party members to have a vote on who takes on the role, which involves overseeing Conservative Campaign Headquarters. The Tory peer, who set up the CDO to give more power to the party faithful, has also suggested that the position does not necessarily need to be filled by an MP. Lord Cruddas told Express.co.uk: "The point of the new chair being elected by members means that members will be represented by their own candidate. "At the moment the chair is selected by the Prime Minister and is merely an extension of the Conservative Parliamentary Party. This creates political conflicts. "Members need an elected chairman to put party members first and not politicians' ambitions and 'chumocracy'. "There are just too many conflicts when a member of the Parliamentary party is the chair." Tory peer Lord Greenhalgh added that Mr Zahawi's replacement needs to be popular with Tory members as well as a strong campaigner - as the party trails behind Labour in the polls. He said: "This is all about winning elections and it should be someone who has direct experience and has a track record of winning elections because we're reaching that stage of the Parliament where it's two years to go and the polls are dire. "We've got to get more competitive, therefore we need a campaigning chair. "I've got nothing wrong with it being an MP from a campaigning background that's close to the party members. "But we certainly believe the members should elect the party chair, that's our modest reform, because we've seen a massive decline in membership. "We need to change that by getting the members to have more of a say." Lord Greenhalgh suggested former home secretary Priti Patel, who is a high-profile backer of the CDO, and Chelsea and Fulham MP Greg Hands as possible replacements for Mr Zahawi, but stressed that the decision should be up to Tory members. It comes after Rishi Sunak yesterday fired Mr Zahawi for breaches of the ministerial code in relation to his tax affairs, leaving the Tory chair role vacant. Former PM Mr Johnson, who led the Conservatives to their biggest landslide in decades in 2019 but left No 10 less than three years later last September, was yesterday touted for the position by Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg. Mr Rees-Mogg told GB News: “He has all the right attributes for a party chairman. He is charismatic, he rallies the troops. He's a sort of fully-loaded Conservative. So I think that type of personality would be a very good one for a party chairman.” Meanwhile, former Tory leader Lord Hague today dismissed speculation linking him to the vacant party chairman post after bookies Ladbrokes put his odds at 5/1. He said: "Since I've seen reports of people placing bets on me being the new party chairman, please be aware that I will absolutely not be returning to politics in any shape or form, including that one." 