A migrant in Dublin raged at hotel security after he missed breakfast at his hotel. The man filmed himself being escorted out of the hotel dining room as he furiously questioned why he "did not get breakfast". David Atherton, a journalist for the right-wing The European Conservative, tweeted a video of the encounter. He added: "In Dublin, a migrant causes a scene because he missed breakfast. "I assume the smartphone he has does not have an alarm feature." In the 36-second clip, which has been viewed more than 420,000 times, the reported migrant could be seen being pushed out of the dining room by security officials. The man, wearing a sleeveless shirt, is being led away by a hotel official in a yellow hi-vis vest. JUST IN: Putin could instigate 'World War Three' if UK fails to act  During the scuffle, the man speaks to the camera, telling viewers that he has been pushed before adding: "What has been done!" He continued to shout, saying: "Look, look. I didn't get my breakfast." After the security official places his hand on the man's arm, the man shouts back: "Don't touch me please, don't touch me." The security officials can be heard saying "get out!" as the man leaves the room. The video quickly spread on social media, with one user @amuse simply responding: "Entitlement…"  It comes amid growing tensions in Ireland over the number of migrants seeking refuge in the country. Earlier this week, the newly-appointed Minister for Integration Joe O’Brien warned that the Government should prepare for more than 80,000 more migrants to seek refuge in Ireland this year. The Irish Government is already struggling to accommodate refugees and asylum seekers, with Equality Minister Roderic O’Gorman warning there is a “very real risk” migrants may have to sleep on the streets. DON'T MISS: Step one for Tories is to get a new leader [COMMENT]Joe Biden 'screams and stumbles' as latest rambling speech ridiculed [VIDEO]Immigration system is too trusting and has been exploited [COMMENT]  The state is housing about 73,000 migrants, comprising 54,000 Ukrainians and 19,000 international protection applicants - a year ago the total number was 7,500. Last weekend, rare anti-immigration protests erupted in Dublin. This led to praise from Nigel Farage, who posted: “Unlike the English, who say very little, the Irish are speaking out – and protesting on the streets – about the huge number of young, male ‘asylum seekers'." Lord Mayor of Dublin Caroline Conroy, from Ballymun, said the scenes were “embarrassing” and “upsetting”, and she believed the protests had been orchestrated. The protest was met by a counter-protest with about 300 people holding up placards saying “diversity not division” and “yes to solidarity”. 