The bill, which has raised concerns over how it would impact women’s rights, has already proven contentious, with the Government blocking the Scottish law. He said her speech was “disgusting” and that she should be “ashamed”. Even former Labour minister Ben Bradshaw was heard calling Miss Duffield’s concerns “absolute rubbish” as she advocated for sex-segregated changing rooms, prisons and refuges. Let’s recap this for a moment: men shouting down a woman for speaking up about women’s rights. The irony is palpable. Naturally, Keir Starmer has remained silent. Even Labour MP Jess Phillips, who has done considerable work with victims of domestic violence, remained suspiciously mute on this. This is not the first time the Labour Party has faced such pressure. Indeed, Rosie Duffield, who herself was a victim of domestic abuse, has previously stated that the party “sidelined” her over her calls to protect single-sex spaces. Moreover, she was forced to pull out of Labour’s party conference two years ago over threats to her security in a row over trans rights.And to make matters worse, it is clear that the Labour leadership sees the transgender debate as nothing more than a “culture war” issue, claiming that most normal people don’t care about “mixed-sex changing rooms or the prospect of men entering women’s refuges”. Not only is this insulting to women, but it also ignores the real-world consequences when these toxic ideologies are pushed to their logical conclusions. What does it say about the Labour Party’s stance when 42 per cent of British inmates currently living under a different gender identity are in jail for sex crimes? Moreover, this week it was reported that criminal Adam Graham, convicted of raping two women over the course of three years, had been sent to Cornton Vale, Scotland’s allfemale prison because he now identifies as “Isla Bryson”. Perhaps realising the terrible optics of a male rapist being sent to a female prison, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon yesterday insisted the prisoner would not be incarcerated “in the short-term or long-term in the women’s prison”. She agreed it was not possible for a rapist to be incarcerated in a female prison and said Bryson was being moved from Cornton Vale. But the question should be, why must the state concern itself with the “gender identity” of convicted criminals? In fact, our legal system has become so embroiled in thismadness that the criminal prosecutor in Mr Graham’s case alleged that “Isla” had used “her” penis to “commit a heinous rape”. I can only imagine the horror on the victims’ faces When did we become so willing to sacrifice common sense at the altar of extremist gender ideology? This dystopian nightmare threatens women’s rights in all forms of public life, from schools to washrooms and prisons to refuges. It is rolling back the progress of women’s rights advocates by decades. And all the while, our politicians stand idly by. Clearly, Labour has a “woman problem”. Even Labour leader Keir Starmer cannot seem to define what a woman is. This is a baffling stance considering that he is married to one. The Labour leader would sooner champion the grievances of “transidentified” prisoners than publicly defend his colleague who was treated in the most sexist manner. It is the very definition of “the patriarchy”. The same party which claims to champion the “working class” is ignoring the concerns of many working-class women. Women who are statistically more likely to be victims of domestic abuse and need the safety net of state protective services. How does the Labour Party reconcile this issue? Senior Labour staffer Matthew Doyle described the situation regarding Ms Duffield as “irritating”, but claimed it did not do the party “any actual damage”. Isn’t it odd that men never have to worry about transmen in male sports, male dressing rooms, or even male prisons? Where is the public outrage regarding men’s prize categories or male safety shelters? The answer is clear. But the Labour Party would rather tiptoe around the issue than recognise the real harm they are doing by going down this path. With a general election looming, the party would do well to remember that over half the population is female. What does it say about the party if its leader cannot say whether women have penises or not?