Two people have been killed and at least five others injured after a male suspect wielding a knife attacked passengers on a German train travelling to Hamburg. The incident occurred shortly before 3pm on the locomotive just before it arrived at Brokstedt station near Neumunster, a town in northern Germany. An eyewitness told KN-online that people in his train carriage panicked when three girls ran in and told them a man with a knife was on the train.  An initial statement from a federal police spokesman said at least five people had been wounded and two killed. A third person is believed to be in critical condition and fighting for their life, according to the German publication BILD. Police did not give out any information on the suspect's identity and said his possible motives were under investigation. Reports have suggested, however, that the man is of Syrian nationality.    The current death toll and number of people injured was confirmed by Sabine Suetterlin-Waack, the interior minister of Schleswig-Holstein state. The suspect was tackled by police officers at the Brokstedt train station, according to local reports. Photos from the scene showed several ambulances surrounding the scene, as well as police forces. The German railway Deutsche Bahn said on Twitter that some services between Hamburg and Kiel had been cancelled as a result of the incident. READ MORE: Train knife rampage: Three injured in savage stabbing spree [REPORT] Nine ambulances, three emergency doctors and a rescue helicopter from Hamburg are currently at the scene. The suspect had injuries to his hands when he was arrested, which the police suggested he had inflicted on himself. Local minister Ms Suetterlin-Waack described the incident as a “horrible act against all humanity”. She said her “thoughts were with the families and relatives of the victims” before confirming that she was on her way to the crime scene. DON'T MISS: Wurzburg horror attack: At least 3 dead after violent assault [REPORT] Frankfurt knife attack: 'Several injured' after horror spree [REVEAL] German bus attack: At least 10 injured in knife attack in Luebeck [REPORT] 