Michael Flatley, who recently starred in the spy movie Blackbird, underwent treatment as the Riverdance star battles cancer. The news was announced via his Facebook account today. A spokesperson for Michael said: "Dear friends, we have something personal to share, Michael Flatley has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. "He has undergone surgery and is in the care of an excellent team of doctors. "No further comments will be made at this time. We ask only for your prayers and well wishes. Thank you. Teamlord." The 64-year-old dancer's representatives confirmed he is recovering from the surgery which was ordered after he was diagnosed with an unspecified type of cancer at Christmas. READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'  The Chicago-born star confirmed two years ago that he was treated in 2003 for a malignant melanoma. Michael said: "So many people who surround me have had cancer and so many people I know have died from it. “I was diagnosed with skin cancer myself and it was a very scary time. "I sympathise with anybody who is lying on that bed and facing the uncertainty of the future. It can be a frightening place."  He continued: “It was a malignant melanoma that I was diagnosed with. It was around 2003 and it was purely by chance that it was noticed. “We were at the fifth anniversary of Lord of the Dance in Las Vegas and I did an interview with MTV. “Somebody watched the interview and brought it to the attention of my personal assistant and said: ‘Did you ever notice the brown spot on the side of Michael’s face?’ I had never even noticed it. “They advised me to go and have it looked at. I did and the doctor took a sample of it there and then." DON'T MISS... Vogue model Tatjana Patitz from George Michael's Freedom dies[LATEST]Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub[ROYALS]Drew Barrymore pulls silly face as she shows off youthful looks[PICTURES] Michael explained he was flying to Barbados the following day but was urged to visit his doctor as a matter of urgency. He explained: "That was a little scary. I cancelled the flight and went straight into see him. “He said if I had let it go a few more weeks there was probably nothing he could have done for me.”  Michael has homes in Ireland, the UK, US, France and Barbados - though he spends most of his time in France and the UK where his entertainment empire is now based. It is understood he is recuperating from the surgery with his wife, Niamh, and son, Michael Jnr. His dance shows have been performed in more than 60 countries to more than 60 million people. The star - who turns 65 years old next July - has received a number of accolades for his charity work with a particular emphasis on homelessnes and funding research for cancer treatment. 