From candles to kettles, cruise guests will need to leave some items out of their luggage. Many of the prohibited items are banned for safety reasons. A cruise guest wrote on Reddit: “I had forgotten about a small pocket knife in my checked baggage and was flagged by security to come and talk about it. “A little note left in my cabin informed me of the situation so I headed down to see what it was about.” Although they might be easy to forget, just as on planes, passengers won’t be able to bring blades on cruise ships. They continued: “Apparently I wasn’t the only person who brought some contraband aboard the ship in checked luggage as there was a line. READ MORE: Tenerife holiday warning as strict rules start tomorrow “When I was almost at the head of the line, the people in front of me were being interviewed by security. “Apparently they had brought an entire espresso machine in their checked bags. Not a small one, a full size one from a coffee shop.” Coffee machines and similar items such as travel kettles and irons, are usually banned on cruise ships as they could pose a fire risk. The passenger said: “Two security officers pulled it out and set it on the table and one explained they cannot have their own coffee machine in their cabin as stated pretty clearly in all of the prohibited item lists provided prior to boarding. “The couple did not take that news well. They said this was an outrage and demanded several times to speak to the captain. “The couple argued that it couldn’t possibly be a vacation without their special coffee and said the cruise line was ruining their experience. “To their credit, the security officers kept their cool and said the captain would be informed of the situation but that the coffee machine would stay locked up until then. “There were some other unpleasantries hurled at the security officer, but eventually the couple relented and signed the form.” READ MORE: Cruise guest rages as passenger gets in pool ‘naked’ Another guest commented: “I’m impressed by their dedication to coffee, especially considering they have cappuccino machines onboard.” Many ships will have coffee machines onboard although passengers may not get their own in their cabin. On some cruise lines, there will be an extra charge for speciality coffee although passengers should be able to get regular coffee for free. The majority of cruise ships will have a barista style cafe serving coffee and passengers should be able to order one with breakfast. Cruise guests could also grab a coffee ashore, particularly if they’re on a city based cruise holiday. Some local residents complain that cruise guests don’t spend much money in the destinations they visit, so grabbing a coffee could be a great way to support the local economy. Another cruise guest wasn’t sympathetic towards the couple, saying: “There are people who have been trained that if you don’t get what you want, just scream louder until you do. “And it works for them in too many situations, with never any negative consequences.”