A policeman has been sacked after having sex with a member of the public in the back of a police van in a supermarket car park during Covid lockdown restrictions. PC Ian Dawson, of Northumbria Police, arranged to meet the woman, known as Ms A, for sexual purposes while on duty in a police uniform and driving a marked police van. He collected Ms A from her house in the police vehicle and drove her to a supermarket car park, arriving just after midnight. The officer engaged in sexual activity with Ms A in the back of the van before driving her back to her home address on September 8, 2020. During September 2020 the country was still in the midst of lockdown restrictions and people were advised against mixing with one another. A hearing heard PC Dawson also formed a potentially inappropriate relationship with another member of staff, known as Ms B, in October 2021. He denied on two occasions that he was in a romantic and/ or sexual relationship with Ms B and deliberately provided a false statement to his supervision. The officer was accused of two counts of gross misconduct during a misconduct hearing in Newcastle on December 20 last year. The hearing, chaired by Chief Constable Winton Keenen, heard how he was alleged to have breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour on the grounds of discreditable conduct and honestly and integrity. He was found to have committed gross misconduct on both counts. The Chief Constable chose to dismiss him without notice for the discreditable conduct count. This related to him having sexual activity in the police vehicle while on-duty. He handed the officer a final written warning for the honesty and integrity count, which related to him deliberately providing a false statement about being in a relationship with another member of staff. Mr Keenen recorded that there was "clear evidence" of the officer's culpability. He said: "PC Dawson entered willingly and on his own admissions into an agreement that resulted in him engaging in sexual activity, whilst on-duty and utilising a police vehicle in a public place for such purpose." He also recorded that PC Dawson also admitted lying to his supervision as to a relationship he was having with a member of staff. Mr Keenen said: "Therefore, I find the officer culpable in all the matters set-out in both counts." The Chief Constable said there is an "understandable expectation" of the public that police officers will act, at-all-times, in ways that do not discredit the public service to which they dedicate their working lives - and with that comes the expectation they will not engage in sexual activity whilst on duty. He recorded: "This has always been the case, but now, perhaps more than ever, there is a recognisable increase in the expectations of the public regarding the behaviours of serving officers and particularly so as regards behaviours involving sexual activity. "As such, I determine the aspect of harm relating to public confidence is clearly made out." Mr Keenen said he believed it was a case where PC Dawson had deliberately and undeniably deviated significantly from instructions, orders and expectations. He considered this to be an aggravating factor.