Louis Saha has instructed Jadon Sancho to follow the examples of Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho as he looks to regain prominence at Manchester United. The forward hasn’t played for the club since a 1-1 draw with Chelsea back in October. However, after recently returning to training, it appears a comeback isn’t too far away. Sancho’s absence has been a mystery at United in recent months. The England international started the season well, scoring in victories over the likes of Liverpool and Leicester. But Sancho has been missing for United since October, with the Red Devils saying his absence was due to ‘mental and physical’ problems behind the scenes. Recently, the former Borussia Dortmund star returned to training. Erik ten Hag has said the club are taking things ‘step by step’ as they look to get the forward to his best. And Saha, speaking to Betfred, believes Sancho can follow the examples of Rashford and Garnacho as he gears up for a return to action. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “Yes, I believe he can still be very helpful,” said the striker, who won two Premier League titles at Old Trafford. “He needs to build up his confidence and Erik ten Hag will want to get Jadon in a position where he can help his team. “It’s nice to see that the club are taking their time and taking care of the player. “It would be great to see Jadon get his confidence back because he has a duty and hopefully he will be fully motivated when he does get his opportunities. “We’ve seen Marcus Rashford come back into form and Jadon is capable of following suit. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “It’s all about believing and he just needs to take it game by game and enjoy himself again. “The pressure is always going to be there, so he just needs to take it game by game. “If a kid like [Alejandro] Garnacho can do it, then I’m sure Sancho can do it too.” Another United forward who has been in the spotlight this season is Antony. The Brazil international arrived from Ajax for a huge £86million in the summer but has often blown hot and cold in the time since. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Saha has urged the Samba star to add more unpredictability to his game in order to silence his critics. “There’s a need for diversity in his game because he’s starting to become very predictable, despite the fact that he’s very skillful,” he said. “The skills that he has doesn’t provide a link with the players around him, so he needs to address that. “He needs goals and he needs to provide a level of unpredictability, which isn’t easy to do. “Defenders are becoming aware of his game and he’s exclusively a left-footer, so he needs to diversify his game. “I can understand the criticism because he’s cost a lot of money and he’s come with a lot of expectation, but we need to remember it’s his first six months at the club and in the Premier League. “We need to let the kid adapt physically to the league and I’m confident that he can become a player that’s very decisive. “It’s about creating more options around him so he can produce moments of magic.”