Ronnie O’Sullivan is regarded by many as the best snooker player of all time but, on the flip side, he has faced a number of controversies throughout his illustrious career.  The Rocket has won a record seven world championships, seven Masters and seven UK Championship titles for a total of 21 Triple Crown titles, the most achieved by any player. The 47-year-old also holds the record for the most ranking trophies with 39, and to top it off he is the current world number one. But back in 1996 at the World Championships, O'Sullivan, aged 20 at the time, left fans’ jaws on the floor as he was involved in an incident with Michael Ganley in the press room, where he admitted assaulting the assistant press officer. He was given a two-year suspended ban and a £30,000 fine for his actions, but was allowed to continue competing at the event. O’Sullivan has won a staggering number of titles many players could only dream of, but he does have one less trophy to his name after being found guilty of using cannabis. JUST IN: Snooker plunged into more chaos as eighth player is suspended amid match-fixing probe  He was stripped of the Irish Masters title in 1998 after he tested positive for the banned substance following a 9-3 win over Ken Doherty in the final. And his solicitor at the time, Gerry Sinclair, revealed the ace was “deeply ashamed” of his behaviour. Mr Sinclair said O'Sullivan had “fully admitted his responsibility for what he accepts was an extremely foolish incident of cannabis. Ronnie is deeply ashamed of his involvement in this matter. “He is extremely conscious of his responsibility as a role model to numerous youngsters who follow the sport of snooker and he apologises to his fans, personal sponsors and colleagues within the WPBSA. “Ronnie intends to attempt to make amends for his conduct by offering his time to local schools and youth groups to press home the message that youngsters should say no to drugs." Furthermore, O’Sullivan made a revelation in his 2014 autobiography Running which indicated that was not the only time he had taken drugs. “I remember getting to every World Championship and thinking, ‘I can’t wait till this tournament is over cos then there’s no more drug tests, I can go out and smash it,' he wrote. "I’d got caught once in my career, but that’s all. I’d get tested between events, and I was trying to judge it perfectly so there’d be no drugs left in my system, but I was pushing my luck. My mum said to me, ‘you are going to get caught soon. You can’t carry on like this.’ “I loved a joint. The only problem with a joint is that one spliff follows another, and another. [I would have] any old drink, it didn’t matter. Throw in a few spliffs. Then at 7am the sun would come up and I’d think, ‘oh, Jesus, I’ve done it again.’ "The birds would be tweeting and I’d think, ‘I’m bang in trouble.’ At my worst I had to have a joint first thing in the morning just to function. But loads of time snooker got in the way of my benders, rather than the other way round.” 