Brighton CEO Paul Barber has joked that Liverpool’s reported £42million offer for Moises Caicedo would no longer buy the midfielder’s boots. The comments are a reference to a quote by former boss Graham Potter. Caicedo was the subject of interest from Liverpool and Manchester United in the summer transfer window. The 20-year-old had only played four Premier League games at the time, but his impressive displays included plenty of promise. Reports claimed Liverpool had made a £42m offer to Brighton for the Ecuadorian, who was signed from his homeland for just £2m a year prior. Then-boss Potter played down the interest, insisting that Caicedo would not be sold, and joked that the fee would only pay for the player’s boots Potter, who joined Chelsea only a week later, was asked about Liverpool’s bid and said: "You'd probably get his boots for that from the chairman - maybe!" Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd face Weghorst issue, Chelsea battle Spurs Five months on, Brighton chief Barber joked to CBS Sports about Potter’s comments, saying: "I am not sure £42million will even include the boots now, maybe just the laces. But joking aside, every player's value is ultimately determined by the market. “Graham's comments were part in jest but part serious because Moises has been an exceptional player for us. Since he came to the Premier League, he has developed all the time. “He's a young man with a great attitude, fantastic work ethic and a very nice human being off the pitch. So all those things contribute to the value of a footballer should it come to that moment to sell." Barber also confirmed that Liverpool have not made a bid for Caicedo. He joked: “I'm pleased to say we haven't had any [offers]. Maybe they [Liverpool] haven't got my email because I haven't seen any." DON'T MISS...FA Cup draw in full as Man Utd, Arsenal, Liverpool discover opponentsJude Bellingham pay demand set to 'flush out' Man Utd and LiverpoolLiverpool transfer chief Julian Ward learns of £20m discount Liverpool are expected to overhaul their midfield in 2023, although a couple of deals must wait until the summer. Fans are desperate to see the Reds strengthen the middle of the pitch in the January winter, though, and are urging owners FSG to back Jurgen Klopp. Jude Bellingham is understood to be Klopp’s top target. However, the Anfield outfit face strong competition from Real Madrid for the Borussia Dortmund starlet and might need to pay north of £100m. Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes has also been linked, but, like Bellingham, might only be available in the summer after joining the Midlands club at the start of the season. Nunes has already played for two teams this season - having played twice for Sporting before his switch to Wolves - and FIFA rules would prevent him playing for a third.