Daniel Craig quit the role of James Bond in 2021 after embodying the hero over five films across 15 years. The void he left means a new actor is due to be announced to replace him in the coming months - but who will it be? Tom Hardy has been a favourite with fans, alongside Henry Cavill - both of whom have fantastic odds - but one major British star has just taken his name out of the running: James Norton. Norton is best known for starring in the BBC drama McMafia, as well as appearing in Greta Gerwig's 2019 Little Women remake. The 37-year-old is a popular candidate in the 007 odds as he is a memorable actor, still relatively young, good-looking, and looks great in a suit. However, in a new interview with Radio Times, he confirmed he might not be what the Bond bosses are looking for. Norton was recently quizzed over the possibility of becoming the next James Bond, and if he would be "up for it". He replied: "It’s difficult to answer that question." Norton added: "They are thinking about what direction they want to take and they haven’t called me to be part of that conversation." While that doesn't rule him out completely just yet, it doesn't sound like he is at the top of the list of the Bond bosses, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson. Ladbrokes' most recent Bond odds update still included Norton as a frontrunner, however. He was given a powerful 8/1 on becoming the next 007. But, in fourth place, he has a long way to go to reach the top of the list. Just ahead of him is the Bridgerton hunk Regé-Jean Page who has a staggering 6/1. The British-Zimbabwean actor has previously said he was "flattered" by being included in the running but has maintained his spot in the betting. Ahead of Page is the wonderful Henry Cavill. The former Superman and Witcher actor currently has his schedule completely clear, so becoming the new-and-improved Bond could be in the cards. Cavill currently has a strong 5/2 on becoming Bond. However, he previously lost out on the role back in 2005, so he may have already missed his chance. Hardy, the favourite with fans, sits pretty at fifth place with 10/1 - but his odds are dwindling every week. Does this mean his chance of becoming the next Bond hero has ended once and for all? In a further twist nobody saw coming, the new favourite purportedly destined to become 007 is a former Marvel actor. Aaron Taylor-Johnson has become the new favourite in the Bond odds. He previously played Pietro Maximoff in Avengers: Age of Ultron, and most recently took on Brad Pitt in Bullet Train. He has now been given a staggering 2/1 on becoming Craig's replacement. As a young British star, he certainly fits the mould - but will fans rally behind him? Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "We've seen plenty of names head the Bond betting over the years, but none have been as surprising as the current favourite, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, who continues to attract interest from 007 punters." SOURCE