Manchester United's loan move for Wout Weghorst has been plunged into doubt with Besiktas chief Ceyhun Kazanci taking a stubborn approach to the striker's potential exit. Weghorst appeared to say goodbye to Besiktas fans after scoring on Saturday but the club are set to demand a form of compensation from Burnley if they attempt to force through a complicated deal. Weghorst signed for Besiktas on a season-long loan during the summer after suffering relegation from the Premier League with Burnley. He has been in fine goalscoring form since moving to Turkey and would be a painful loss for his new club if he is prised away this month. Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag supposedly wants him at Old Trafford on loan as a short-term striker solution following Cristiano Ronaldo's exit late last year. Pulling off such a move would require the green light from all parties involved, however, and Besiktas could yet drive a hard bargian. Weghorst scored in a 2-1 win over Kasimpasa on Saturday and appeared to mouth the words 'bye bye' to supporters in a gesture strongly suggesting that he could soon be on his way. After the game, Kazanci had his say. DON'T MISS: Liverpool can accomplish Torres transfer repeat with Josko Gvardiol "I don't understand why Weghorst said goodbye to the fans, why he made such a move," he told reporters. "He is our football player right now. Our contract expires at the end of the season. "If Manchester United or any other team wants Wegnorst, they will meet with Burnley anyway. Burnley will then contact us and discuss the terms of separation. If we accept, the contract will be terminated. Otherwise, it will go on until the end of the season. READ MORE... Tottenham face transfer dilemma as duo divide opinion in FA Cup win Arsenal and Chelsea offered Evan Ndicka but hidden cost threatens deal Boreham Wood FC confuse FA Cup fans as they plot magical run "He can't just go. There will have to be a reward for us to approve the separation. I'll give an example. If Burnley told us, 'We made a deal with this team for Weghorst, we will give you half of the transfer fee'. This may be a different condition. Then we'll sit down and talk." Burnley signed Weghorst from Wolfsburg in January last year for a reported £12million, although he only managed two Premier League goals across the second half of the season. The Dutchman's hopes of joining United could be dented even further if Besiktas intended to activate their £8.8m buy option at the end of the campaign.  Furthermore, United aren't thought to be keen on signing a striker outright this month which drastically reduces the likelihood of Besiktas receiving a cut from a transfer fee, as Kazanci suggested.  A loan move for Joao Felix has also been suggested as a possibility but Atletico Madrid are demanding a hefty sum for suitors to take him for the rest of the season. United are in the midst of a positive spell on the pitch and face Charlton Athletic in the Carabao Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday.