Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, could not hide her surprise as she found out she had been nominated in the Best Supporting Actress category, when the Academy Awards nominations were announced today. The veteran Hollywood star took to Instagram to share her reaction to the nod in view of her 4.8 million followers. Jamie uploaded a series of pictures of herself looking at the screen and subsequently at the camera in disbelief, with wide eyes and her hand over her mouth. A third picture showed Jamie hugging her good friend and award-winning producer Debbie Oppenheimer, who had paid her a surprise visit to watch the announcement with her. In the lengthy caption, Jamie wrote: “THIS IS WHAT SURPRISE LOOKS LIKE! “One of my oldest besties @debopp texted me at 5:15 that she was sitting in front of my house and did I want company watching the announcements. “Debbie Oppenheimer has won an Oscar for the beautiful documentary she made about her mother's story as one of the kindertransport in the Oscar-winning documentary. Into The Arms Of Strangers: Stories of the Kindertransport.” Jamie continued: “There she was in the pitch black, freezing, cold in a parka. “She came in and sat with me as I had sat with her the day she was heading toward the Oscar ceremony, the year she won. “We held hands. I didn't even realize she took pictures,” the film legend added. Looking back on the special moment, Jamie then recounted: “The first is the moment of hearing my name, and then the thrill of my friend, Stephanie's @stephaniehsuofficial name, and the rest of the nominations and then the best thing of all, a loving embrace for my husband. “No filters. No fakery. Just the truth of a moment of joy Captured by a friend. Hey @everythingeverywheremovie we went to 11!” Jamie’s candid post sparked a frenzy among her famous friends and fans alike, who rushed to the comments section to heap praise on the actress. Actor Glen Powell commented: “Yesssssssssssss JLC!!!!!!! This is so pure. You deserve it!!!!" DON'T MISS...Corrie's Helen Worth beams as she's awarded MBE by Prince William [LATEST]Antonio Banderas addresses how heart attack changed his life [ADMISSION]Laura Hamilton explains footwear after questions from puzzled viewers [TV] Aarondennissmit said: “Well deserved!! Rooting for you!!” Amandakloots penned: “Omg YES!!! Congratulations congratulations congratulations!!!!” Susanmchenryceramics typed: “I’m so touched by these photos. Congratulations!!! “How thrilling!!! Thanks for sharing the moment with us.” Davidportillotenor added: “So so so excited and overjoyed for you!!!! Congratulations!!” Jamie’s stellar performance in Everything Everywhere All At Once has not only earned her praise from critics, but also a nomination in the Best Supporting Actress category of the Golden Globes 2023. However, she faces some tough competition from Golden Globe winner Angela Bassett (Black Panther Wakanda Forever), Hong Chau (The Whale), Kerry Condon (The Banshees of Inisherin), and castmate Stephanie Hsu (Everything Everywhere All At Once).