Manchester United star Marcus Rashford is reportedly set to be offered an improved deal after his impressive displays following the World Cup break. The England forward was on the scoresheet once again as he got the winner in the 2-1 victory over local rivals Manchester City on Sunday, while four of his team-mates could also receive new deals. The Manchester Evening News have claimed that Rashford, David De Gea, Diogo Dalot, Luke Shaw and Fred could all be offered new terms as boss Erik ten Hag is eager for the quintet to be tied down to long-term contracts. However, Rashford especially signing a new deal would likely break the reported ‘Cristiano Ronaldo rule’ that the club is set to impose, with the striker the only one reportedly guaranteed to get 'improved terms'. The Daily Mail claimed that the club’s chiefs will introduce a wage cap at Old Trafford that would see no player earn more than £ 200,000 a week. De Gea is the only one of the five currently earning over that figure and is in negotiations over a reduced salary. Rashford currently earns £200,000 a week, meaning a new deal with improved terms would likely see United break their own rule in order to tie him down. Bruno Fernandes, Harry Maguire, Jadon Sancho, Anthony Martial and Raphael Varane are the other stars that could be affected by the wage cap. Questions have been raised over the future of several United stars such as Rashford due to their contract status, but the club has stepped up plans to keep them at Old Trafford. Rashford had previously been open to leaving his local club after a disappointing 2021/22 season, but now spearheads the United attack as their talisman while the 25-year-old has scored in every game he has played in since returning from international duty in Qatar. United triggered the one-year extension in Rashford’s deal, as they did with Shaw, Dalot and Fred as his contract was up at the end of the season amid interest from Paris Saint-Germain. The Ligue 1 giant openly expressed their interest in taking Rashford to France as chairman Nasser Al-Khelaifi doubled down on their intent in December through an interview, but questioned whether the player was keen on a move himself.  Discussions over new deals for Rashford, Dalot, Fred and Shaw were paused in the summer as Ten Hag was given time to assess his current squad. The impressive performances recently of the out-of-contract five will ensure that negotiations commence shortly, though the club have effectively concluded their transfer business in the current window. Netherlands striker Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley as Ten Hag made a Ronaldo replacement a priority in January. Still, despite Donny van de Beek’s injury that has ruled him out for the remainder of the season, it does not appear that another midfielder is set to move to Old Trafford despite recent links to Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans.