Amid the cost of living crisis in the UK, people are increasingly searching for alternative ways of generating income. Searches for “how to make money” and “passive income” have increased by 17 percent and 21 percent respectively compared to last year. For those with underutilised space in their homes or gardens, renting out a room for a short stay let could help make some extra cash. But which county is the most lucrative? New research released by Crown Pavilions examined how much people can earn from renting out their room on Airbnb in their area and which counties can earn the most. The study analysed Airbnb data across the UK to reveal that Suffolk is the English county where residents can earn the most for a spare room, raking in an average earning of £96 per night or £672 per week. This was followed by the City of London (£95 per night) and Rutland in the East Midlands (£87 per night). Across England, on average, people could expect to earn around £338 per week by renting out their room.  READ MORE: 4 side hustles that could earn you over £800 a month in 2023  The top 10 counties in England where residents can earn the most Suffolk - £96 a night (£627 a week)City of London - £95 a night (£665 a week)Rutland - £87 a night (£609 a week)Cornwall - £67 a night (469 a week)Greater London - £66 a night (£462 a week)Cumbria - £63 a night (£441 a week)Derbyshire - £62 a night (£434 a week)Isle of Wight - £58 a night (£406 a week)Herefordshire - £57 a night (£399 a week)North Yorkshire - £57 a night (£399 a week) Over the border in Scotland, the county to amass the most money through Airbnb rentals was the rugged region of the Scottish Highlands with an average earning of £77 per night.  DON'T MISS: Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]New European VAT rules set to increase online travel booking costs [INSIGHT]Money making tips: Cleaner turns 99p website into £30,000 side hustle [EXPLAINED]    Argyll and Bute (£73 per night) and East Lothian (£69 per night) followed closely behind. Across the country, on average, Scots could expect to earn £349 per week by renting out their room. The top 10 counties in Scotland where residents can earn the most  READ MORE: Most profitable side hustles on Etsy for 2023 - earn up to £2,700  In Wales, the northern county of Gwynedd was found to be the most lucrative, affording those renting out their room on Airbnb with an average earning of £63 per night. Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire followed, both with an average earning of £60 per night. Across Wales, on average, people could expect to earn £332 per week with this venture. The top 10 counties in Wales where residents can earn the most from Airbnb According to the research, residents of Down in Northern Ireland placed top of the list of counties earning the most money from renting out rooms on Airbnb. Down residents could make an average earning of £60 a night, or £420 a week. Across Northern Ireland, on average, people could expect to earn £342 per week. Top five counties in Northern Ireland where residents can earn the most from Airbnb For those who do not have a spare room, a garden room could make for a great alternative to generate some extra income with short-term stays.  Garden rooms can be let out short-term, providing that the resident has the appropriate planning permission and that the building adheres to regulations. Luke Dejahang, CEO and co-founder of Crown Pavilions, said: “If you're planning on setting up your garden room for Airbnb rentals, there are a few steps you'll need to take to ensure that your space is ready for guests.” Mr Dejahang explained: “Having ensured that you have the right permissions, you'll then want to make sure that the room is clean and well-maintained. You should also consider adding amenities such as a shower, mini-fridge or TV to make your guests' stay more comfortable.” Additionally, he said: “Be sure to provide detailed check-in instructions and make yourself available to answer any questions or address any concerns your guests may have. With a bit of preparation and attention to detail, your garden room can make for a great short-stay rental.” 