Leather goes mouldy because it’s a porous material that allows moisture to get inside. Usually, mould grows on a leather jacket or a sofa when there is too much moisture or humidity in the room or cupboard where it’s being kept, or when it has been used for long periods of time. To stop leather jackets and sofas from going mouldy, homeowners need to ensure there’s good ventilation. A dehumidifier can be installed in rooms where there’s excess damp in the air. But if you already have mould on leather garments or furniture, and it’s too late for prevention, you may be wondering how to remove it. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing mould from leather. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. READ MORE: Four ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Jenny posted: “I put a leather/suede jacket in my loft in a breathable clothes bag on a clothes rack and it's gone mouldy. Does anyone know how I should clean it?” The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested method was to use saddle soap either with white vinegar or Neatsfoot oil. Jen Cross said: “Saddle soap, tiny bit of washing up liquid, tiny bit of Neatsfoot oil. Microfibre cloth, but wash it well afterwards. Good luck.” DON'T MISSTime of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper [INSIGHT]Latest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [UPDATE]Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [ANALYSIS] Lara Johnson commented: “White vinegar to remove and kill the mould and then saddle soap, good luck.” Sarah Jane Knight simply replied: “Saddle soap then oil Neatsfoot.” Louise Stoddart wrote: “Wipe with a damp cloth to remove the mould, then saddle soap (make sure the sponge you do it with isn't too wet just damp enough to rub the soap in).” Saddle soap is commonly used to clean saddles as they get really dirty. Saddle soap is an astringent which means it shrinks and constricts body tissues. READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove mould from behind washing machine drawer Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea That means it’s great at removing stains, dirt, wax and oil from leather. Neatsfoot oil is a yellow oil rendered and purified from the shin bones and feet (but not the hooves) of cattle. It’s used as a softening and preservative agent for leather. Saddlesoap can be bought online for under £10. Neatsfoot oil can be bought for under £5 online. Fiebing's Saddle Soap costs £9.25 from Amazon. Gold Label Saddle Soap costs £4.96 from Amazon. NAF Unisex Naf Natural Animal Feeds Leather Saddle Soap is £5 from Amazon.  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using mouthwash, white vinegar, hand sanitiser, baby wipes and Napisan. Joanne Browne suggested: “Baking soda, sprinkle on, leave until dissolved and then hoover off.” Wendy Woo Quilter commented: “Listerine mouthwash.” Carole Brook replied: “Wipe with mouthwash.” Harriet MacKenzie replied: “1:2 white vinegar: water. Soak and wash will Napisan. I've had this exact problem in stored clothes and this method sorted it.” Susan Martin said: “Try and test a bit of hand sanitiser to disinfect it. After cleaning it, then dry it with a soft duster or cloth. Enjoy wearing it again." Noreen Timmis commented: “Baby wipes, it happened to my husband’s jacket.” Ruth Hughes replied: “Baby wipes are brilliant for this.” Jenny Jones suggested: “Water and washing up liquid. Dry outside if possible.”