In response to the raid in Gloucestershire, the Government said it was considering measures to protect children from vaping. While the electronic cigarettes are far less dangerous than smoking, illegal vapes are untested and could contain dangerous chemicals which should not be inhaled. Child health experts are "deeply disturbed" by the rise of children using these devices. They told the BBC the industry in illegal and unregulated vapes was "terrifying". READ MORE: Polar vortex could bring Britain plunging back to freezing depths In a survey of 400 Trading Standards officers, around 60 percent said their main concerns were over shops selling illegal, potentially unsafe vapes.Duncan Stephenson, director of external affairs at the Chartered Trading Standards Institute, told the BBC: "When Trading Standards teams do spot checks on the sale of vaping products to kids, we find around one in three businesses break the law." Mr Stephenson said he wanted to see tougher penalties for businesses found to be breaching the regulations. UK laws limit how much e-liquid and nicotine is in vapes. Just like cigarettes, vapes have to have health warnings on the packaging. However, some contain illegal levels of nicotine.  A mother told the BBC about her 15-year-old daughter who was sold illegal vapes for months. She said: "They sold her 31 disposable vapes and never once asked her for ID. There would be certain points of the day where she could go in and buy them. She would have to wait for the shopkeeper to give her the nod." As a result of the vapes, the teenager developed a series of troubling symptoms which could only be explained by the vaping. Her mother said: ""I couldn't work out why my daughter was getting nosebleeds, headaches and mood swings, and when I came across the vapes hidden in her bedroom I was shocked." The teenager has since recovered since stopping using the devices. DON'T MISS SNP figures fear Sturgeon has made the case against independence [REPORT]Tony Blair rages at 'unforgivable and stupid' critics of wearing masks [VIDEO]Boris Johnson compares Putin to ‘fat boy in Dickens’ [COMMENTS] A spokesperson for the Department of Health and Social Care said: "We have introduced tough regulations to deter the appeal of vaping to children, including restrictions on product advertising, setting limits on nicotine strength, labelling and safety requirements, and making it illegal to sell nicotine vapes to those aged under 18 years old. 