With the January transfer window now open, Erik ten Hag wants Manchester United to take action. The Dutchman is keen to bring in a new goalkeeper to replace Martin Dubravka, while he’s also eager to acquire a striker as he looks to fill the void left by Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. Express Sport now takes a look at the day’s biggest stories so far. Manchester United have six players on their wishlist as they look to replace Ronaldo, according to 90min. Mohammed Kudus has been added to the Red Devils’ draft of potential targets, though Ajax won’t want to lose another key player to Ten Hag having previously seen Lisandro Martinez and Antony jump ship. United are open to bringing Memphis Depay back, six years after the Netherlands international was flogged to Lyon by Jose Mourinho. Cameroon pair Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting and Vincent Aboubakar are being linked amid the uncertainty over their futures at Bayern Munich and Al-Nassr respectively. And United also have interest in Olivier Giroud and Joao Felix, too. READ MORE Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United have pencilled in Jack Butland for a medical today. The goalkeeper is poised to arrive at Old Trafford as a replacement for Dubravka, who returned to Newcastle earlier in the month. United are hoping Butland can provide competition for both David De Gea and Tom Heaton between the sticks during the remainder of the campaign. They had considered recalling Dean Henderson from Nottingham Forest in the wake of Dubravka’s exit. Yet they ultimately opted against it, with the England international primed to stay away until the end of the campaign. READ MORE DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United are reportedly interested in Marcus Thuram, who has bagged 10 goals from 15 Bundesliga games this season. Yet journalist Dean Jones has told GiveMeSport that Newcastle are pushing to recruit the striker, too, meaning United have a fight on their hands. “From United’s point of view, he’s one feasible option currently out there,” he said. “At the moment, the other option he would have in England is Newcastle, and they do seem more keen on this than Man United.” United’s previous Bundesliga signings consist of Owen Hargreaves, Shinji Kagawa, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Jadon Sancho. READ MORE Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here According to medical expert Ben Dinnery, who runs the Premier Injuries site and has a background in the field, Donny van de Beek could be sidelined through injury for a ‘lengthy’ period. “Internally, Man United will now be carrying out a number of tests to evaluate the player, checking the integrity of the ligaments,” he said. “The ACL is the obvious one – the Lachman test. It will be a good indication of if there is any damage, and they’ll also check for a fracture of the bone as well as any damage to the posterior cruciate ligament. “Given the force of the challenge and the mechanism of the injury, they don’t usually happen in isolation. “There’s potential involvement with the MCL (Medial Collateral ligament) and even some meniscus damage as well. “Imaging will confirm the extent of the problem and they’ll hope the results come back better than initially feared, but I suspect he’ll have a lengthy spell on the sidelines.“ READ MORE According to former England star Michael Gray, United can genuinely challenge for the Premier League title this season. He told talkSPORT: "You look at what’s happening at Manchester United and where they find themselves in the Premier League table, they’re just a winning machine right now. "Being able to rotate the squad which is obviously helping United moving forward, but some of the goals, absolutely top class and some brilliant performances. Are we writing Manchester United off to go and win this Premier League title? "Because all I keep hearing is, ‘Arsenal or Man City are going to win the title’. Well, they’ve got to go and play Manchester United again, Arsenal, Man City have obviously got to play them again. "We don’t know what the results are going to be and if you just start to close that gap come the end of the season, you know what pressure brings, and it brings nervousness to certain individual players when you haven’t won a title for so long.” READ MORE