Vladimir Putin could order his troops to make a "final push" on the anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, opposition officials fear. The war, which has been ongoing since February 24, 2022, is now reaching a critical point, with Putin's forces significantly stepping up brutal attacks on its eastern neighbour in recent days. This has triggered fears he could majorly escalate the conflict, possibly with another mass mobilisation involving hundreds of thousands of Russian troops or launching new devastating nuclear attacks. But there are now growing fears among Ukrainian officials that the Russia President could rally his troops for one last defining push as he looks to come out on top in the conflict. Oleskiy Danylov, secretary of Ukraine’s Security Council, spoke out earlier today as he urged Western countries to urgently send more weapons to his country. He said: "We must prepare for such events every day, and we are preparing. The first and last question is always about weapons, aid to help us defeat this aggressor that invaded our country. Earlier today, Russia announced a huge overhaul of its army as it looks to reverse a series of setbacks during the Ukraine war. Putin's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement the changes will be implemented over the next three years. He said: "Only by strengthening the key structural components of the armed forces is it possible to guarantee the military security of the state and protect new entities and critical facilities of the Russian Federation." These latest developments come with Putin set to make an "important" announcement on Wednesday, according to a prominent pro-Russian official. He will reportedly make the statement as part of a series of events to mark 80 years since the siege of Leningrad - now St Petersburg - in World War 2. READ MORE: UK warned it is sending 'wrong tanks' to Ukraine Vladimir Rogov, a pro-Putin official appointed by the Russians to run the occupied Zaporizhzhia region in Ukraine, took to his Telegram channel to claim the Russian leader will make the "important" speech tomorrow in St Petersburg. He made the announcement this afternoon, although there has been no official confirmation on Putin's speech from the Kremlin. Putin is expected to travel to the Russian city - the fourth biggest in the world - and is reportedly scheduled to attend a flower laying ceremony at the Monument to the Heroic Defenders of Leningrad. During World War II from September 8, 1941, to January 27, 1944, Nazi forces besieged St Petersburg but on January 18, 1943 - 80 years tomorrow - there was a key breakthrough in efforts to break the siege. DON'T MISSPutin health scare as medical side effects leave him 'weak and dizzy' [REPORT]Russian friendly fire 'obliterates own men' as Wagner tank destroyed [LATEST]Ukraine MP says peace only possible when Putin ‘cannot afford war' [COMMENTS] Local authorities in the city are reportedly preparing for Putin's visit and although the nature of his rumoured announcement remains a mystery, speculation has been swirling over recent day. Putin has seemingly submitted a draft law for the "termination of international treaties" with Europe, according to various Russian state media reports today. This could be linked to the so-called major "announcement" he will be making within the next 24 hours. The Russian President's rumoured ill-health also continues to generate intense speculation, with reports claiming he mat be suffering with cancer and Parkinson's. This could reportedly lead him to retire and step away from the Kremlin hot seat within a matter of months.