Barcelona star Raphinha has sent a clear message to Arsenal by reiterating his desire to win trophies at the Nou Camp. The Brazil international joined the Catalan giants last summer following a two-year stint with Leeds. Raphinha bagged an impressive 17 goals and 12 assists in 65 Premier League appearances for the Whites. And his imperious performances in England resulted in Barcelona shelling out a whopping £55million to prise him away from Elland Road. Raphinha has struggled to find his best form in Spain, however, and has only started seven of his team’s 16 La Liga matches this season as Barcelona have stormed to the top of the table. And the 26-year-old winger is now being linked with a return to the Premier League, with Arsenal believed to be interested in taking him to the Emirates Stadium. Raphinha came off the bench on Sunday evening as Barcelona defeated arch-rivals Real Madrid 3-1 in the Spanish Super Cup. And following the encounter, he sent his transfer message to the Gunners. “This is my first trophy with this giant club, this enormous shirt of FC Barcelona - it’s incredible,” he said. “And so now we go for more trophies.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   Arsenal tasted bitter disappointment over the weekend as their move for Ukraine international Mykhaylo Mudryk was hijacked by Chelsea. The 22-year-old winger was the subject of three bids from the Gunners but ultimately ended up moving from Shakhtar Donetsk to Stamford Bridge after the Blues reportedly handed him an eight-and-a-half year contract with wages of £100,000 per week. With the transfer window set to close at the end of this month, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is keen for reinforcements as his team go in search of silverware. The Gunners have been outstanding during the first half of the campaign and moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table on Sunday after beating Tottenham 2-0 in the north London derby. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private    Arteta’s side have also reached the last 16 of the Europa League and the fourth round of the FA Cup but could do with some extra bodies around the place to boost their hopes of lifting trophies in May. And Raphinha would be the perfect addition to the Gunners squad after already illustrating his talents in England. The ace proved to be a constant menace for Leeds and has also performed on the biggest stage of all after starting four of Brazil’s five World Cup matches in Qatar as his country reached the quarter-finals before being knocked out by Croatia. 