The proposed change was to move to a system where just one company would carry out assessments for PIP and Employment and Support Allowance, including work capability assessments (WCA). However, the DWP has extended its contracts with its current assessment providers for two years. Information website Benefits and Work has criticised the DWP for delays in implementing the change, raising concerns the new system may not be brought in. The group said in a newsletter: "In evidence given to the Commons Work and Pensions Committee earlier this month, the DWP admitted that contracts for the new system have not even been awarded yet. “However, since the committee meeting on January 11, we have now had the news that the Government is considering major reforms to the WCA or possibly scrapping it altogether. "One of the reasons for the delay, the DWP claim, is that they have belatedly decided that they want to use their own software to carry out the assessments rather than letting different providers develop their own." READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again  “This asked for views on ways we can improve people’s experience of the health and disability benefits system and set out ways we could make our services easier to access, make our processes simpler and help build people’s trust." The DWP spokesperson also said the Government’s Health Transformation Programme is developing a new assessment service with a Health and Disability White Paper to be published this year, setting out other improvements. They said new contracts would be issued from March 2024 to "bring together current Health and Disability Assessment Services and Personal Independence Payment assessments under single geographic contracts, deliver continuity of service for claimants and provide the foundation for the new HAS." These contracts will last for five years, the department said. Benefits and Work said: "The business case for spending millions on new software that will become obsolete soon after its introduction becomes very hard to make. READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% "A white paper on benefits is due out in early March. Its contents may spell the end of the DWP’s current plan to shake-up the assessment system. Meanwhile, the delays and confusion will continue." PIP claimants can get up to £156.90 a week towards the extra costs they have because of their condition. The benefit is paid in these amounts per week depending on a person’s circumstances: Daily living Mobility Claimants must be over 16 and have a long term physical or mental health condition, which they expect to last for 12 months from when it started. Applicants may be asked to attend an assessment with a health professional to find out how their condition affects them. An individual can challenge the decision about their PIP claim through a process called mandatory reconsideration. People can begin their PIP claim by calling the PIP new claims phone line, with the option to get someone to call on their behalf. PIP payments will go up by 10.1 percent in April with the start of the new financial year. These are the new rates that will be paid to claimants: Daily living tasks Mobility tasks