Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has admitted that he does not regret selling both Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko to Arsenal in the summer, despite the Gunners currently sitting at the top of the Premier League table. Both players that Guardiola let go have played their part for Mikel Arteta’s outfit so far this campaign and questions have been raised over whether it was the correct decision. Arsenal finished fifth last season and at the time of spending £45million on Jesus and £30m on Zinchenko, few had the north London side as serious rivals to Manchester City for the title. However, they now sit five points clear of Guardiola’s side and have a game in hand. Guardiola does not regret helping Arsenal upgrade in the summer, however. “No I don’t regret it,” Guardiola admitted. “I always say if you want to stay or you want to leave then okay. I wish the best for Gabriel and Oleks, both are fantastic people. They helped us a lot but it is not about that. It was their choice, absolutely. I never forced one player to leave, it is them, the club, decisions. “Of course, Erling Haaland came and Julian Alvarez too so for Gabriel it was difficult. But it happens. It was a good deal. Honestly, we are not in this position because we don’t have Oleks, Gabriel or the other ones. My argument is beyond this.” City were willing to let Jesus leave due to the additions of Haaland and Alvarez, who started together in the 4-2 win over Tottenham on Thursday. Both players scored in the win and their partnership showed plenty of potential, though there were further worries in defence as City have kept just two clean sheets since returning from the World Cup break, both against Chelsea. Zinchenko was left and replaced by Sergio Gomez, though the Spanish full-back has seen limited minutes and Nathan Ake has often been preferred on the left side of the defence in favour of both Gomez and Joao Cancelo. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting' Guardiola hit out at his team after the comeback win over Spurs, the Spanish boss called out his players for a lack of effort. When asked whether local rivals Manchester United potentially defeating Arsenal would give his side an advantage back in the title race, he shut down those claims. “It is not about that [United beating Arsenal]. If they lose against United it doesn’t matter,” the City boss added. “If we play like this we are not going to catch them. “We have to change ourselves. If Arsenal continue then congratulations [to them]. But it is not about three points against United.”