 Millie Gibson, who is perhaps best known for playing Kelly Neelan on Coronation Street, announced she would be starring in the upcoming season of Doctor Who last year. Express.co.uk can offer fans a first look at the 18-year-old actress and some of her co-stars filming scenes for the BBC sci-fi drama.   Millie has been pictured filming scenes alongside co-star Jemma Redgrave in Wales. The stars have been pictured on the set with UNIT soldiers for the upcoming series. Millie is sporting a wavy shoulder-length blonde bob which is parted in the middle. For the scenes, she is wearing a colourful blue and orange patchwork coat with a sherpa collar. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash The actress is also pictured wearing an oversized green coat over the top of her sherpa jacket which appears to be keeping her warm between takes. In one image the star is holding a leopard print hot water bottle, which she has her hands wrapped around as the set is outside in the winter air. Her co-star Jemma, who plays Kate Lethbridge-Stewart, head of scientific research at UNIT, is also wrapped up in multiple layers in the images. During takes, the actress is donning a red jumper paired with a khaki green trench coat as she is acting out scenes with Millie's character.   In more candid shots, the actress had a fleece poncho over her outfit and is seen holding a hot drink in a takeaway cup. Jemma's character, who is the daughter of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart, first appeared in the 11th Doctor story, The Power of Three. Showrunner Russell T Davies shared news of Jemma's return on his Instagram last year. He penned at the time: "Doctor Who news! Jemma Redgrave returns as Kate Lethbridge-Stewart in Ncuti and Millie’s first series.  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who star admits she thought Bradley Walsh was ‘a t**t’ [UPDATE]Doctor Who fans ‘lose their minds’ after surprise regeneration [REACTION]Doctor Who sparks fan frenzy with first look at Ncuti Gatwa [PICTURES]  "Also starring Aneurin Barnard as the mysterious Roger ap Gwilliam (ap is Welsh for ‘son of’, he’s not an app. (OR IS HE?) Such great actors, we’re so lucky." (sic) Jemma is not due to appear in the show for its 60th-anniversary specials which will air this November. Instead, she will appear during Ncuti's first season as the 15th Doctor Who which is due to air in 2024. Millie recently opened up about being cast as Ruby for the new season with Doctor Who Magazine.    "I went to get a spray tan for the National Television Awards, and I was in the room waiting to dry off when I got this WhatsApp call, asking me to join the call with all my agents," she said. "I picked up the phone and they were like, ‘Are you good at keeping secrets?’ "I said, ‘Yeah.’ They said, ‘Are you really good at keeping secrets? Because you’ve got it.'” Doctor Who episodes are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.  