However, an anonymous source familiar with the situation updated US media outlets about the discovery. White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre shied away from answering questions about classified documents during her briefing on Wednesday. She said: "I'm just not going to speak to this. I'm going to let the process continue. "It's an ongoing process. And so, I'm just not going to, to speak to this from here. JUST IN: Jill Biden joined by POTUS as she sets off to for surgery to remove lesion on face "It is more prudent and more appropriate for my colleagues at the White House Counsel." Under the Presidential Records Act, records related to both the Commander-in-Chief and their deputy are supposed to be stored at the National Archives. Biden's aides have been searching for any additional classified materials since the first tranche was found at the end of last year. The White House on Monday confirmed a "small number of documents" with classified markings which appeared to be from the Obama administration had been found at a think tank on November 2. They were found in a locked closet by the POTUS' attorneys while they prepared to vacate office space at the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement. Ex-POTUS Donald Trump faces a criminal investigation after the FBI raided his Mar-a-Lago home and seized classified files in August. Following the announcement made about November's Biden-related discovery, the 45th President said on Truth Social: "When is the FBI going to raid the many homes of Joe Biden, perhaps even the White House? These documents were definitely not declassified. Biden told reporters on Tuesday he was "surprised" by the discovery. DON'T MISSHarry brands Camilla 'dangerous' and a 'villain' in furious attack [REVEALED]Idaho quadruple murder suspect applied to join police before killings [INSIGHT]Prince Harry says people are 'infuriated' he is 'at peace' [SPOTLIGHT] The 80-year-old, who previously suggested Trump had been "irresponsible" over his Mar-a-Lago stash, added: "We're cooperating fully." Biden faces growing pressure from his political rivals over the matter, which is now under review by the US Department of Justice (DoJ). Republican Senator Kevin Cramer said on Twitter: "It's not enough for the DC and NY press to smile and excuse the POTUS as a silly old man who doesn't really mean any harm while the Democrats dismiss it with the usual 'that's just old Joe'. It's time for a special counsel." The Grand Old Party's Josh Hawley also put pressure on the White House by arguing for a special counsel. Express.co.uk has approached the DoJ and White House for comment.