Chelsea only appointed Graham Potter as manager earlier in the season but, already, his long-term future at the club is up in the air. The Blues have endured a horrendous season so far, with Manchester City thumping them 4-0 in the FA Cup on Sunday afternoon. So Express Sport will now take a look at four reasons Todd Boehly would already have to relieve the 47-year-old of his duties… Chelsea had been shaky under Thomas Tuchel before the German was sacked back in September, shortly after a 1-0 defeat to Dinamo Zagreb. And though they would end up battling their way into the Champions League knockout stages, there’s still been no signs of improvement. In fact, you could even argue Chelsea are getting worse - regardless of the amount of time Potter spends with his players at Cobham. They were diabolical against City, putting up no fight whatsoever as Pep Guardiola’s side cruised to victory. And that’s alarming, with Potter even caught on camera criticising his own players during the chastening showdown at the Etihad Stadium. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Back in the summer, Chelsea spent big with the likes of Kalidou Koulibaly, Wesley Fofana, Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling, Carney Chukwuemeka, Denis Zakaria and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang all arriving. Yet, much like Tuchel, Potter has failed to get much out of the Blues’ latest reinforcements. Cucurella has been a disaster, Sterling looks a shadow of his old self and Aubameyang is looking increasingly toothless at the tip of their attack. Boehly will have wanted Potter to get the best from the players he decided to bring in back in the summer. But the 47-year-old has failed in that mission, making his job in west London more uncertain as a result. There’s a feeling on the outside that Potter may be Chelsea’s very own version of David Moyes. Moyes was appointed as Manchester United manager in 2013, replacing Sir Alex Ferguson, having worked wonders at Everton. But he found the leap up far too big and, after just 10 months, was sent packing out of Old Trafford. Potter’s CV, before taking over at Chelsea, consisted of Brighton, Swansea and Ostersund. While they’re all teams to be respected, the current Blues manager has no experience of turning situations like this around. Which, certainly, doesn’t bode well… Another reason Boehly would have to sack Potter is there are top managers on the market at the current moment in time. Mauricio Pochettino is one, with the Argentine yet to take a job since leaving Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer. Zinedine Zidane is another, though there’s a feeling he’d be reluctant to move to the Premier League at the current moment in time. Joachim Low has been linked with Chelsea in the past and previously guided Germany to World Cup glory in 2014. And Luis Enrique is also on the market, as well as Fernando Santos, Roberto Martinez and Tite. Speaking after seeing his side blitzed by City, Potter admitted his side were stuck in a rut at the current moment in time. "The results in terms of the Premier League, I think we have lost four matches,” he said. “To Newcastle away, the last game before the World Cup, we had nine players unavailable. We lost 1-0 to Arsenal. We lost on a bad day to Brighton and we lost to Manchester City. Those are the teams we have lost to. "But we have also drawn to Manchester United and Brentford so the results in a small space of time aren't positive. I have said before you can make excuses and look for reasons or you can say it isn't good enough. Both of those answers are correct. "So we have to keep improving, stick together as a football club, because clearly we are suffering as a football club and it is not nice at all. But that is where we are at the moment."