With just a few months to go until Outlander returns to Starz with its seventh season, Jamie Fraser and Claire Fraser stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe have been taking a break from filming to reflect on the previous season’s finale. In a clip named Notes on a Scene with the duo, Heughan and Balfe watch back the iconic shootout scene at Fraser’s Ridge between Claire, Jamie and Richard Brown’s (Chris Larkin) Committee of Safety as they share their insight. However, while Jamie and Claire were having trouble keeping themselves out of harm’s way from Richard’s men, it seems actor Balfe had struggles of her own. “So this is a scene in (episode) eight?” Balfe began as the scene kicked off with Jamie being beaten up by members of the committee. “Oh, this was a little fight I had outside,” Heughan weighed in. “It was very slippy! “Then Claire comes with a gun. Claire almost misses him,” Heughan commentates. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan admits 'worst thing' about season 7 filming However, Heughan then recalled how Balfe appeared to have struggled during filming. “Did you have trouble holding the gun or something?” Heughan pondered. “There was something…” “I was very, very pregnant,” Balfe remarked before she delved into a mishap which didn’t exactly help proceedings. “I smoked the gun,” she added. “Which I don’t recommend to anybody… “Because when you fire it, this nice little puff of smoke (comes out) and I was breathing in at the same time. “I literally inhaled all the smoke and then blew it out,” she added with a chuckle. Meanwhile, it sounds like Heughan was facing filming difficulties of his own due to the terrain underfoot. He confessed: “I remember trying to run to you, it was so slippy. DON'T MISS:Starz confirms Outlander season 7 release date updateOutlander fans convinced author ‘abandons’ Jamie and ClaireOutlander’s Sam Heughan teases campaign to join rival series “I had these like crampons on my feet but it was so slippy and I sort of run like I’m a duck. “I run like a duck anyway but…Oh, I flip the table,” Heughan commented as his attention was caught by a moment in the scene. The Outlander duo had another tidbit of information to share with viewers as they shared a secret about how the scene was shot. “We shot this separately, they were shot maybe like two weeks apart, the interior and then the exterior,” Heughan admitted. “That was an amazing scene though,” Balfe interjected. “You were fantastic.” “You were really good too,” Heughan complimented back before revealing the duo “cheated” when it came to the intricacies of the shootout. “We also cheated a little bit, didn’t we?” the Jamie Fraser star said. “Whenever we reloaded the guns, we sort of pretend we reloaded and then they were reloaded.” Not wanting to admit she called for help, Balfe jokingly replied: “What are you talking about? I loaded every single one of them.” Outlander season 7 premieres on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.