Warning: This article contains spoilers about season three of Happy Valley  During episode four of season three of Happy Valley, Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) escaped from the courtroom in a dramatic fashion. The murdering rapist punched two security guards and climbed out of the dock before running out of the building as fast as he could. His accomplices enabled him to dart into a convenience store and change into cycling clothes as a disguise from the police. Tommy switched out of his courtroom attire and slipped on some red cycling gear, a helmet, snood and sunglasses. He was last seen cycling out of Leeds city centre on a road bike under police officers' noses. The episode left BBC One viewers dying to know where the criminal was heading, with many concerned he was coming for his nemesis, Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire). Fans will know Catherine's daughter Becky took her own life six weeks after giving birth to her son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah). READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Ryan's father is Tommy but the youngster is unaware his late mother was raped by the Happy Valley lowlife. The BBC has now released spoiler photographs of Tommy in hiding following his courtroom exit. A selection of photos show Tommy breathing in the fresh countryside air in his cycling clothes. His bike has been dumped by the side of the road and the killer looks exhausted from his rushed ride out of Leeds city centre.  His helmet, snood and hat are off in some of the pictures which he must have thought were safe to remove as he is in the middle of nowhere. In another set of spoiler pictures, Tommy has changed out of his cycling clothes and is wearing a blue hoodie, dark trousers and a grey t-shirt. He is seen sitting on an old bed with tatty sheets in a grimy room with a pack of beer cans in hand. The walls are grey and in need and the room looks seriously rundown. In another picture, Tommy is inside a house and heading upstairs which suggests he is hiding out in a room in someone's home. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley’s James Norton details leg injury from Tommy Lee stunt [UPDATE]Alison Garrs tragic backstory was revisited in Happy Valley [EXPLAINER]We look at the meaning behind Tommy Lee Royce's song in Happy Valley [INSIGHT] It is not clear who would put Tommy up in their home, but an elderly man is in the background of one of the spoiler pictures. Tommy is doing a hand signal for a phone in another image, so he might be asking the mystery man in the images if he can make a call. Is this man an honest person or is he part of the criminal underworld Tommy grew up in and knows all too well? Tommy managed to get hold of a mobile phone in prison and had been texting people on the outside ahead of his court hearing who may have facilitated his escape.  Catherine will be horrified when she learns Tommy is on the run as she's convinced he will come after her for revenge because he blames her for his mother's savage murder. Is there a safe place Catherine and her loved ones can stay until Tommy is caught by officers? Or, will Catherine finally have an explosive showdown with the murderer as part of Happy Valley's final ever episode? Happy Valley airs on Sundays at 9pm on BBC One.  