Carol Vorderman, 62, has spilled the secrets to her ageless looks, and in particular, her enviably pert bum. The maths expert never shies away from showing off her assets on Instagram and Twitter, flaunting her curves in skintight gym wear and bikinis. Carol’s stunning selfies have prompted some fans to question whether her hourglass figure is all natural. However, the Countdown legend has now insisted that the secret to her derriere is just her “Vorderman bottom” passed down through generations, meaning she has never needed any cosmetic tweaks to make it more shapely. Discussing her award-winning behind, Carol spilled: “[Rear of the year] is a funny one because I've always had this huge butt. Always. All my life! "My whole family does. It's a thing. It's called the Vorderman bottom, it was always like 'oooh, there's another Vorderman bottom!" READ MORE... Carol Vorderman ignores Michelle Mone's 'publicity-hungry' dig The presenter added to the Daily Star in a new interview: “My brother's got one, my nephews, my son, we've all got it!"  Carol landed the Rear of the Year gong in 2011 and 2014, with the latter occasion leaving her “surprised and flattered to win the award for a second time” after turning 53.  Reflecting on the achievement, the TV personality said: "As I said when I won it in 2011, I always suspected there were a lot of people out there who were glad to see the back of me.  “It now appears there were even more than I thought." Carol also shared some of the top tips she follows to maintain her age-defying appearance. The star keeps up with her fitness regime, enjoying working out and healthy eating. She added that aside from exercise and a good diet, she takes supplements and collagen powder alongside items for hair growth and lash growth. Carol’s health and fitness secrets are clearly paying off, as she is often inundated with compliments from fans over her physique. DON'T MISS:Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for EnglandEmmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointment The cheeky presenter featured her famous bottom while announcing her new Perfect 10 podcast earlier this month.  She captioned the Instagram video, which saw her wiggling her peachy bum in leather leggings: “Wiggling with joy for @perfect10carol starting tomorrow.”  One fan gushed in response: “Rear of the Year 2023 right there!!!!!”  Another added: “Put a young girl to shame,rear of the year definitely.” A third Instagram user admitted: “I'll be watching this on repeat for hours.”  Meanwhile, Carol recently embarked on a juice retreat with other famous faces including Alex Scott and Judge Robert Rinder.  She told MailOnline: "I do keep fit, I started with a new trainer, a rugby captain in Wales and we have a good laugh. He's pushing me harder now with weights.  “I don't actually know what I weigh but I'm happy, I don't need to go on a diet or anything like that."