Millions of families who receive Child Benefit are being urged to take extra care when completing the forms as it could affect their National Insurance contributions. Around 200,000 parents apply for Child Benefit in the wrong parent’s name every year which could cost them their full state pension when they retire. Parents who stay home to look after children may not qualify for the full state pension when they retire if they put the wrong name on child benefit forms. When it comes to filling out the forms, the parent who isn't working should give their details so they don't lose out on National Insurance credits. This ensures that people still receive National Insurance credits towards their state pension and that children still get a NI number when they reach 16. No one automatically gets the full amount of State Pension when they retire, as experts at Moneyhelper explain. READ MORE: State pension leaves Britons with £28 a week - five things you can do The website states: "You’ll only get the full amount if you’ve paid - or been credited with – National Insurance contributions for 35 years. "Usually, you’ll build up a year of National Insurance contributions by paying taxes on your wages, but when you claim Child Benefit, you’ll be credited with NICs until your youngest child is 12, even if you’re not earning. "The credits are automatically added to your National Insurance account when you claim Child Benefit – so you don’t need to do anything. "If you reach State Pension age on or after April 6, 2016, you’ll get the new State Pension." DON'T MISS:Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April [ALERT]Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills disc [WARNING]Over 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [UPDATE]  Meanwhile, all benefits including child benefit are rising in April 2023 to keep up with inflation and rising costs. Child Benefit will rise from £21.80 to £24 a week for the first child and from £14.45 to £15.90 each for any additional children this year. These payments are tax-free as long as neither parent earns more than £50,000 a year and are paid to the parent looking after the children if they are separated. If a claimant or partner earns more than £50,000, they may have to pay the High Income Child Benefit Charge (HICBC).   HICBC applies to anyone with an income of more than £50,000 who either gets Child Benefit themselves or whose partner claims it. The charge increases gradually for taxpayers who earn between £50,000 and up to £60,000 and those who earn £60,000 or more will be charged the full amount of Child Benefit they claim. It's worth claiming even if it has to be paid back, to ensure people have enough NI contributions. Individuals who need to pay the charge must file a Self Assessment tax return, even if they normally pay tax through Pay As You Earn (PAYE).  There is a Child Benefit tax calculator on GOV.UK where people can check what the High Income Benefit Charge would be. Britons are also being urged to go online and check their state pension to see if they have enough NI contributions before April 2023 as otherwise, it could cost them thousands. People are usually only entitled to the full new state pension if they have 35 years' NI contributions but Britons may benefit by paying to fill in any gaps before the deadline. It will cost them £800 or more - but could save them thousands. 