Liverpool transfer target Jude Bellingham has reportedly received a verbal offer from Real Madrid and is aware of the wages and contract length the Spanish giants would be willing to hand him if they signed him from Borussia Dortmund. The England international moved from Birmingham to Germany in 2020 and has since become one of the best young midfielders in Europe. Bellingham was just 16 years old when he broke into the Birmingham first team during the 2019/20 campaign. And he has gone on to rack up 19 goals and 21 assists in 112 appearances for Dortmund. Before Christmas, the 19-year-old starred for England at the World Cup in Qatar as his country reached the quarter-finals of the competition before being knocked out by France. And a whole host of clubs are now desperate to get their hands on him. According to Marca, Real Madrid are determined to sign Bellingham and believe they have taken all the necessary steps to get the deal over the line. The player knows how far Los Blancos are able to go and has accepted the position of the club’s leaders. But that doesn’t mean a deal has already been reached. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Bellingham’s current contract does not include a release clause, with Dortmund set to demand just over £106million for their prized asset. But Real are only willing to pay £88.5m plus add-ons. If the la Liga giants are to sign Bellingham, they would have to beat the likes of Liverpool, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain to his signature. The Reds have been long-term admirers of the youngster, with Anfield appearing to be his most likely destination if he does opt to return to England. But PSG would be able to offer the player the most lucrative contract out of all of his potential suitors. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Bellingham has already played 22 times for Dortmund this season and scored four goals in five Champions League appearances before the break for the World Cup to help his team reach the knockout stages of the competition. But Dortmund are struggling in the Bundesliga this season following the departure of their star striker Erling Haaland last summer and are currently nine points behind leaders Bayern Munich in sixth position. Bellingham will therefore have to think long and hard about his next move as he looks to continue to thrive at the highest level of the game. And Dortmund president Aki Watzke is waiting for the ace to confirm where he wants to play his football next season before he starts negotiations with other clubs over a summer transfer. 