The NFL will show its support for Damar Hamlin this weekend as the 24-year-old continues his recovery after suffering a cardiac arrest on the field on Monday. The Buffalo Bills defensive back collapsed during the first quarter of the Monday Night Football clash against the Cincinnati Bengals after making a routine tackle on wide receiver Tee Higgins. On Friday, staff at the University of Cincinnati Medical Centre confirmed Hamlin’s breathing tube had been removed overnight. He has since spoken to family, friends and teammates, with Bills head coach Sean McDermott revealing Hamlin delighted his teammates by flexing on a video call. With the second-year safety on the mend, the final weekend of the regular season will go ahead as planned and the NFL has announced each team will hold a pre-game tribute, with a message to be read before kick-off as well as a scoreboard graphic. The Bills will go a step further, with a patch adorning Hamlin’s number three to be stitched to their players’ jerseys for the crunch clash against AFC East rivals the New England Patriots, with the Bills chasing the number one seed in the AFC. Buffalo also plan to wear hats embroidered with the number three in their warm-up, while teams across the league have been given permission to wear T-shirts that read “Love for Damar 3”. Teams have also been allowed to outline the number three at each 30-yard line marker in the Bills’ famous blue and red. McDermott cut an emotional figure when he spoke to the media on Friday. “Probably won't be able to do it justice, honestly, with words,” he said. “Amazing. Touching. To see Damar through my own eyes is something I've been looking forward to.” After it was confirmed Monday’s blockbuster clash between the Bills and the Bengals would not be completed, the Bills enter the weekend with a murky playoff picture. They will clinch the one seed in the AFC if they defeat the Patriots on Sunday and the Kansas City Chiefs lose to the Las Vegas Raiders on Saturday. If both Buffalo and KC win, a potential AFC championship game would be played at a neutral site, due to the unprecedented circumstances with such a decisive game having to be declared void, with no time to reschedule it. Of course, all of these are secondary concerns for the Bills, who will be focused on doing their number three proud when they return to the field at the weekend after the relief that his health is improving.