Body language expert Scott Rouse recently commented on some of the key moments in Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary including when the Duchess of Sussex is asked about the reason why she wanted to document her life. The expert claimed that Meghan answered one thing but did something that "totally goes against what she was saying". When asked "Why did you want to do this documentary?" Meghan Markle explained: "I'm not going to say that is comfortable. "But when people haven't gotten any sense of who you are for so long, it's really nice to just be able to have the opportunity to let people have a little bit more of a glimpse into what's happened and also who we are!" The body language expert analysed the non-verbal communication in the scene and claimed that Meghan's gestures don't necessarily match what she is saying. Mr Rouse explained: "When the woman asks her 'Why do you want to make this documentary', she doesn't answer the question! She doesn't give the answer. READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry  "She says 'It's not comfortable', but this is really 'Look at me'. That's why she is doing it." The expert claimed that Meghan is actually saying: "'Everybody look at me! I got the kid over here, the redhead, he's going to be in it too, but you know what? It's mostly about me'. "That would have been the correct answer I think," the body language guru opined and said that the way Meghan moved her head while answering the question is the reason why. "She exposes her throat, she throws her head back and you see her throat and her neck. You don't do that when you're uncomfortable. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below "She's talking about 'Well it's not comfortable' but then she does the most trusting thing you can possibly do: she throws her head and shows you her neck and her throat, totally exposed, her hands to her sides, all that. "Something is not right here. It totally goes against what she is saying. She is comfortable, she loves this, she is absolutely eating it up," he claimed. In the documentary, Prince Harry also explained why he decided to make a TV show saying: "A friend of ours actually suggested that we document ourselves during this period of time. "With all this misinformation that was going on out there, especially about us and the departure, it seemed like a very sensible idea." READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal While sharing his reasons, Harry looks "fairly relaxed", his hand steepling which "indicates that he feels like he is in charge". Harry "is the alpha there, he understands what's happening and is moving things forward," the body language expert explained. Body language expert Believing Bruce also analysed the non-verbal communication between Meghan and Harry during the key moments of the documentary on his Youtube channel. Bruce explained that in the opening scene, where Meghan and Harry are sitting next to each other, Harry "is adopting the position you would associate with this type of thing, even if they are just presenting a united front". Harry has a relaxed attitude, with his legs splayed, "so he is in an open gesture," the expert pointed out. Meghan's position, however, is slightly different as "we don't see her being open to Harry, her inner leg, the one next to Harry, is the one crossed over and we know that's a barrier," Bruce observed. The very first scene of the documentary is the moment when "they should be presenting that front", the expert opined, and Meghan's limbic system, which is the part of the brain involved in the behavioural and emotional responses, shows the opposite, and "that's not common". "What we know is that Harry is their open support and his partner Meghan has closed herself off which is not common," Bruce explained.