Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has held internal talks about a second approach for Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Barcelona star was eyed by the Red Devils last summer, only to end up staying at the Nou Camp instead. And while he’s overcome a difficult start to the season to shine for Xavi, a future move to the Premier League can’t be ruled out. Manchester United put everything into a deal for De Jong, having been emboldened by his positive relationship with Ten Hag. However, with the midfielder refusing to leave Barcelona at a time where he was due millions in deferred wages, the Red Devils proceeded to land Casemiro instead. Casemiro has been a huge hit at United, with the former Real Madrid star netting an impressive brace against Reading in the FA Cup on Saturday night. But United still know they need more options in the middle of the park if they’re to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, United have discussed a deal for De Jong at the end of the season. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s claimed there are two key factors at play that give the Red Devils hope of landing the 25-year-old this time around. One is that they’re still confident Ten Hag’s close relationship with De Jong can work in their favour. The duo previously worked together at Ajax, helping the Dutch side defy the odds to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. And United also believe De Jong wants to come, too. Back in the summer, he told Ten Hag he’d have moved to the club if there wasn’t the issue of his Barcelona wages. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see So it’ll be interesting to see how they fare as United gear up for another pursuit of the Netherlands international. De Jong isn’t the only player on their list of summer transfer targets at the current moment in time, however. The report says Ten Hag would also encourage United to bid for Jude Bellingham, despite rivals also being keen on the midfielder. Liverpool and Real Madrid, as well as Manchester City, have all emerged as potential suitors for Bellingham. And though United missed out on the England international in 2020, when the youngster was strutting his stuff at Birmingham City, interest still remains. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United also want to land a new forward at the end of the campaign, despite the temporary arrival of Wout Weghorst. Harry Kane is one target, despite Tottenham being confident of keeping hold of their prized asset. And Victor Osimhen is another, with the Nigeria international currently shining for Napoli over in Serie A. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, the Barcelona star opened up in September about his failed move to Old Trafford. “I always wanted to stay at Barcelona and this is why I always remained calm in the summer,” he said. And he added: “I can’t give too much details away. But look.. the club has it’s own idea’s and I have my own ideas too. “And sometimes this clashes with each other. But at the end of the day things went okay.” De Jong is expected to feature when Barcelona face Real Betis on Wednesday night (8pm).