Amanda Holden donned a bright yellow dress paired with high heels, while the Granchester star opted for a white shirt and navy trousers. The duo joined Alex Jones and Ronan Keating on The One Show sofa to discuss their latest projects. Amanda even addressed whether her pal Alan Carr would be replacing David Walliams on Britain's Got Talent. Amanda also discussed her new show titled, Amanda & Alan's Italian Job. The programme will see the duo travel to Italy where they attempt to renovate a rundown property. Chatting about what it was like to work alongside the comedian, Alex asked: "Even for the best of friends doing a renovation together, it's going to test any friendship. "Were there any points where you thought this could rock the boat?" READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer The BGT judge simply replied: "I am going to be honest and say no. "Because we're really fond of each other and we are very honest as well. "And I think that we were just quite straight talking. "So if there was anything that was bothering us or we didn't think we could do whatever...we were just straight talking, [and] just said it to each other." Amanda did have one criticism of her pal, as she added: "Alan gives up too quickly, that would be my only criticism. "He is like, 'I can't do it'...we had a lovely bar quite close." Despite giving up easily, the TV presenter praised Alan for "doing everything" with the renovation work. However, throughout the programme, many fans took to social media to compliment both Amanda and Robson on their appearances. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley puts head in hands as she admits she 'wees in the shower' [VIDEO]Emmerdale exit for Cain Dingle as fans 'work out' murder plot  [SPOILERS] Some complimented Amanda's dress, while others pointed out how youthful Robson looked. "Love Amanda's dress," Elizabeth Scott tweeted. While user @gardeng90552569 said: "@AmandaHolden looking fab great interview." Karen Boyes added: "Anyone else agree that @AmandaHolden on tonight’s The One Show looks like @carolvorders." Jill went on to write: "Robson Green looking very dashing tonight. "#TheOneShow We were on the same flight some years back." Pablo wrote: "Oohhh Robson Green’s ageing very well." While Ann Wilcox said: "How lovely is Robson Green? Can’t wait for the new series." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.