Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity has taken a hammering on both sides of the Atlantic since the release of the Duke’s bombshell tell-all book Spare. Their approval ratings have taken a tumble in the eyes of the British public, according to a YouGov poll, which finds more people believe the explosive memoir was motivated by money rather than "tell his side of the story." In America, the couple has not been spared, with a poll revealing both former royals have each lost at least 30 percent of support in the space of one month. Reflecting on the numbers, foreign policy analyst Nile Gardiner said: "'Spare' has been a big money maker, but Harry's memoir is an absolute PR disaster for the 'Duke and Duchess' of Sussex. Harry and Meghan are increasingly unpopular on both sides of the Atlantic, and further isolated. "They are becoming increasingly sad and bitter pariahs." The Sussexes had already seen their numbers plummet in the run-up to Harry’s book release. According to YouGov, Prince Harry’s popularity fell to a new low in the days leading up to the book’s launch date, dropping to 26 percent in the UK. After the release of the book, his popularity dipped even further, down to 24 percent of positive opinion, while negative opinions rose to 68 percent in Britain. This plummeting popularity has brought the American-based couple to the bottom of the list behind all royals, including Prince Andrew. Across the pond, the couple is facing the same fate.  On the day of its release earlier this month, Spare topped sales rankings all across the world, including in the United States, according to its publisher, becoming the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time. In his hotly-anticipated autobiography, the Duke recounts how his brother Prince William "knocked him to the floor" during a row over Meghan, his consumption of cocaine aged 17 and how he killed 25 Taliban fighters during his time in Afghanistan, among many other revelations. READ MORE: Dan Wootton grills guest if Harry used ‘dangerous’ terms for women Despite making a slew of damaging allegations, the Duke says he is hoping he can heal royal wounds and reconcile with King Charles and William. However, royal commentators fear it is now too little too late to seek reconciliation, as Harry’s book may have been the last straw for the Firm. Tom Bower told Good Morning Britain: "For the Royal Family to in any way seek a compromise with a couple who have proven themselves to be so unreliable, untrustworthy and deceptive is a recipe for undermining the monarchy." The Sussexes have made "colossal" damage to the monarchy and "now is the time to make a statement", he added in a call on the Royal Family to strike back against the couple. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan’s popularity in US takes hit [REPORT] Doria Ragland lives in £678,000 lime green house near Meghan Markle [REPORT] King Charles' huge green energy expansion could bring him £250m a year [REPORT] Evidence of the harm the couple has caused the Royal Family is falling approval ratings. A YouGov poll finds the percentage of people who are embarrassed by the monarchy has risen from 15 percent to 21 percent. The Royal Family is now reportedly planning to hold peace talks with Prince Harry before the king's coronation in the hopes of resolving the current state of the tense family relations. Unnamed royal sources told The Sun Harry could fly over from the US to meet King Charles and William, with one source believing the relationships are "fixable" but are "going to take flexibility on all sides". Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on Harry’s claims. READ NEXT:Prince Harry 'abandoned' by royals despite 'olive branch' invitePrince Harry ‘gone for broke’ with memoir says biography expertHarry undermines Anne's work as he slams 'rigged' hardest-working listKate and William lost opportunity to counter Harry's narrative–expertMeghan's gesture 'totally exposes' that she is 'loving it' says expert