Davina said: "I’m not trying to get you to give stuff up, I’m just trying to get you to make sensible choices. “I just want you to eat in a way where your body’s going to be screaming, ‘Thank you!'"  She insists that she doesn't want people to give anything up, just "make sensible choices". Davina admitted to "indulging" over Christmas, but said that people shouldn't be afraid of admitting if they want to slim down to "feel better in clothes". “We’ve often been a bit nervous about talking about weight loss, but we shouldn’t be ashamed of it because it’s what people want to know about,” she explained to OK! magazine. She said that her "biggest mission in life" is to make exercise more pleasurable, after dividing viewers of The Masked Singer with her new look. READ MORE: Strictly's Helen Skelton branded an 'incredible woman' by Matt Dawson TV favourite Davina McCall revealed a blunt fringe as she returned to screens on ITV's The Masked Singer last week and it completely divided fans. The 55-year-old presenter appeared on the judging panel alongside Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross and Mo Gilligan. Replacing her signature long bob and middle parting with a blunt fringe, Davina's look was the talk of viewers that tuned in to see this year's disguised contestants. Sean Ryan @Ryan5skipper typed: “Davina McCall looks like she’s in some sort of battle on this masked singer lost so much weight sad to see.” (sic). While other fans said she looked like she'd cut her fringe "with a knife and fork" and others compared her look to Courteney Cox's appearance in 1997 horror Scream 2 and Strictly host Claudia Winkleman. But others were "sickened" by the negative comments about Davina's appearance and rushed to defend her. "I'm absolutely sickened by the stupid comments people have made this evening about Davina's appearance," one fan wrote. "She is absolutely stunning. Extremely fit and healthy and a lovely person. Keep your nasty, pointless comments to yourselves!" DONT MISS: Bond hopeful Aaron Taylor-Johnson met wife just after husband split (PHOTOS)Rita Ora risks wardrobe malfunction as she ditches pants in LBD (NEWS)Paddy McGuinness told to ‘stop’ after second baffling transformation (LATEST) Another wrote: "Love scrolling through Twitter seeing everyone’s guesses - but staggered tonight to see so many negative comments about Davina’s appearance - has everyone forgotten #bekind. A third added: "Is Davina McCall ageing backwards?" It was later revealed that Davina's boyfriend Michael Douglas masterminded the new look. Taking to Instagram, Michael revealed how he chopped the hair - which is actually a wig - to get the perfect blunt fringe for his TV star girlfriend. "Ep 1 of @maskedsingeruk @itv with @davinamccall and a wig from @pakcosmetics simple to do this one. The wig is about £120 it’s real hair so we can use it again and restyle it for future jobs," explained the stylist. Meanwhile, on last week’s show, six stars competed to avoid being the first celebrity to be eliminated from the programme. The first six stars to perform were Knitting, Otter, the show's first duo Cat and Mouse, Phoenix, Jellyfish and Ghost. 