Prince Harry has opened himself up to "constant ridicule" by sitting down with satirist Stephen Colbert, a PR expert has warned. The witty TV host is known for poking fun at his guests and in trailers was seen taking pot-shots at Harry and the Royal Family. "Stephen Colbert is well known for poking fun at his guests and with Harry, he has the perfect ammunition to fire in all directions - at Harry himself and the Royal Family," PR and brand expert Nick Ede told MailOnline. He warned the Duke was "over saturating the market" hurting his appeal and building that of the Royal Family's. He added: "If his idea was to break down the walls and reveal the truth about the monarchy he has failed and in doing so he himself will have to build a fortress around himself and his new family due to the constant ridicule he is receiving in a hope to keep himself safe in more ways than one." Echoing Mr Ede's comments, liberal US media, traditionally sympathetic to the Sussexes, has criticised the Prince's media blitz.  The New York Times labelled the Duke's recent remarks as "repetitive and tiresome" and said the "tide seems to be turning" in the US with regard to attitudes about the Sussexes. Now the Prince is set to face a broadside, albeit light-hearted, when he appears on The Late Show later this evening. Already, film from the Colbert interview has emerged of Harry and the host drinking tequila - something not uncommon on the show. In an teaser for the segment, Colbert shows a clip in which Prince Harry describes the pain of William allegedly trying to avoid him at Eton. Following the shot, Stephen Colbert says to roaring laughter from the audience: "That's heart-breaking. To be rejected by his older brother at school even though that magic hat sorted them into the same house. What do you think? Hufflepuff? Gryffindor?" READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton 'were never going to be BFFs' He said William's alleged behaviour was "straight out of the older brother, sibling playbook". Colbert says Spare is "also available in audiobook and commemorative plate", a stab alluding to royal weddings and anniversaries which are often commemorated with limited edition crockery. "Stock up on corgis and steal a priceless cultural treasure from one of your colonies because The Late Show is going imperial," adds Colbert riffing on the history of British colonialism and the late Queen's love of Corgis. The appearance follows several serious TV interviews in which the Prince described the death of his mother, his rift with his brother and concern for his family's "safety" while residing in the UK. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's home in danger as stars flee Montecito due to storm [REPORT]Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [ANALYSIS] However, The Late Show interview appears to be anything but serious. Colbert is known for taking on high-profile figures such as celebrities and politicians. Prior to his hosting The Late Show, he created the hit satirical news show The Colbert Report in which the liberal talk show host played a conservative version of himself, named Stephen Colbert, who sparred with prominent politicians, including Obama, and even created a Super PAC for himself which raised over $1 million. The show won multiple Emmy and Peabody awards and Colbert became a household name in the United States. Prince Harry's interview airs at 11.35pm EST (4.35am GMT) later tonight, his book Spare hit bookshelves earlier today. 