Meghan Markle could write her own tell-all book about her experience within the Royal Family after her husband, Prince Harry, made damaging allegations against the Firm in his memoir Spare, an entertainment expert has warned. The Duke of Sussex made a string of allegations about his father King Charles and his brother Prince William in his bombshell tell-all book - the latest in a slew of projects the Sussexes have taken on since leaving the Royal Family. Meghan could follow in her husband's footsteps and give her own version of events, Andre Phillips suggested. Asked whether the Sussexes would stop clashing with the Royal Family, Mr Phillips said: "Oh no, this isn't going to be it. He added: "I wouldn't be surprised if she came out with a book herself." The Sussexes could emulate the Obamas "in a way", Mr Phillips said: "I really feel like they're trying to follow up the Obamas in a way because Barack had a book, now Michelle has a book. "So, I think she's going to definitely come out with her bombshell tell-all." "This is definitely not going to end," he told Times Radio. Fears are now mounting that the couple could continue their "war" against the Royal Family with more revelations and more accusations. In the Spanish edition of Spare, translated by this newspaper, Harry claims his brother "knocked me to the floor" at his London cottage after William described Meghan as "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". The Duke of Sussex said that his brother was "parroting the press narrative" as the confrontation escalated. READ MORE: Meghan Markle could use ’war’ against Royals for political ambitions Another physical altercation between the two brothers broke out after the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh in 2021 when King Charles "begged William and Harry not to fight". Among other bombshell revelations, Harry claims he killed 25 Taliban fighters during his military service in Afghanistan, used cocaine, smoked cannabis at Eton and took magic mushrooms aged 17 as well as claiming he stopped seing TV presenter Caroline Flack over media pressure.  Promoting his book Spare in an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, the Duke insisted "racism" and "unconscious bias" were two different things amid reports the Sussexes accused the Royal Family of "racism". DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's friend claims 'this is the end of it' for couple [REPORT] Harry is not desperate to reconcile, he is desperate to flog his book [COMMENT] Princess Kate 'appalled' at Harry over memoir [REPORT] An unnamed source told Just Jared the fact Archie's skin colour has been left out of Harry's memoir could be a sign Meghan will include it in her own memoir. They said: "The assumption in the publishing world is that he must have left it out of his book to allow Meghan to have as a bombshell for her book. Harry barely addresses racism in Spare. That feels calculated. Meghan will have a clear run at addressing all the alleged racism." Catherine Mayer, royal analyst and biographer of King Charles, has warned Harry's book - set to hit shelves on Tuesday - will have "absolutely catastrophic" implications, raising the prospect of the "beginning of the end" of the monarchy. She told The Guardian: "It is possibly something that will mark the beginning of the end of the monarchy, and that is what we should discuss. It is important, given the lack of trust in the state at the moment and an upsurge in right-wing politics. "Members of the royal family have become our proxies for anger about racism, misogyny and wealth. This is, after all, an institution that stands for inequality, so there are huge things at stake." READ NEXT:King will come through the crisis - Harry will be tarnished foreverPiers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admissionHarry wants to reconcile with King despite claims in SpareKirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil'Harry says 'only beard people' can understand anger over William clash