The most shocking revelations made in the autobiography called Spare have been laid bare by The Guardian who obtained a copy of the book. One of the many claims by the Prince is that he used a racial slur while in the British Army without understanding its meaning. Harry claimed he was unaware that the word “p**i” was an insult and noted that he had grown up hearing “many people use the word”. The claims are yet another issue for The Firm to tackle following a number of accusations of racism. Harry used the racial slur while describing a fellow soldier in the army who had a British-Asian background. The Duke of Sussex wrote: “I didn’t know anything about unconscious biases either. “I was twenty-one years old, I had grown isolated from the real world and wrapped in privilege, and I believed that word was the same as ‘Yankee’, harmless.” He added that he “had not seen anyone wince or get upset” at the use of the word and had “heard many people use the word as a child”. The Prince’s use of the slur in 2006 was filmed as he referred to his fellow Sandhurst cadet Ahmed Raza Khan, who he calls his “partner and good friend” in the autobiography. The footage emerged three years later, showing him panning the camera to Ahmed and saying: “Ah, our little P*** friend.” READ MORE: Controversial World Cup ref Lahoz 'to retire' after angering Messi The video was shared with another Sandhurst colleague before it circulated and was eventually sold to the News of the World. According to the Prince, King Charles’ office, then the office of the Prince of Wales, issued a statement and refused to allow Harry to make a personal apology. The issue of racism is addressed again in Spare when Harry discusses his decision to wear a Nazi uniform to a costume party in 2005. On December 7, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were given an award for opposing “structural racism”. The Ripple of Hope award was given to the pair in a ceremony in New York by the Robert F Kennedy Foundation. DON'T MISS:EU corruption scandal intensifies as 'soft laws' exposed by ex-chief (REVEAL)Ex-Tory MP Nicky Morgan compares US Congress chaos to 'Brexit madness' (INSIGHT)Richard Tice vows to 'reshape politics' in 'dying days' of Tory rule (REVEAL) Kerry Kenndey, Robert F Kennedy’s daughter, said she chose Harry and Meghan for the award due to their “heroic” stance against “structural racism”. “Few would have the courage to question their colleagues, family and community about the power structure they maintained, and this is what Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have done,” she said. In their Netflix docuseries, Harry and Meghan accused the Firm of failing to understand why Meghan needed more protection in the UK due to her skin colour. The Duke of Sussex alleged in the Netflix show that there is an “unconscious ‘racist’ bias” within the Royal Family which he claimed blurred their judgement. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace for comment.