Lloyds and Halifax are set to close 40 more branches in 2023, following a continuing trend by banks following the pandemic. Both banks are owned by Lloyds Banking Group with Lloyds shutting down 22 branches and 18 Halifax sites. These closures are set to take place later in the year and are currently expected to be carried out between April and June. Here is a full list of the sites and areas affected by the Lloyds bank closures: Here is a full list of the sites and areas affected by the Halifax bank closures: The new branch closures are taking place due to more people using online banking, according to the Daily Mirror. Banks which are in affected areas will be within a third of a mile of at least one free-to-use cashpoint and a Post Office. Customers who need to speak to someone face-to-face should be aware that Lloyds is running a fortnightly mobile bank service to accommodate this. On top of this, Halifax customers can check their bank’s website to see if a community banker is visiting their local area to help with face-to-face enquiries. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing A spokesperson from Lloyds Banking Group said: “Branches play an important part in our strategy but we need to have them in the right places, where they are well-used. “We’ll continue to invest in branches that are being used regularly, alongside our online, mobile app and telephone services.” Those who are affected by these latest closures can continue using certain facilities at Post Office sites. These include depositing cash and cheques, withdrawing money from accounts and checking bank balances. Other banks and building societies have announced similar closures, with Barclays confirming earlier this week several of its sites will shut down earlier in 2023. Tobias Gruber, the founder and CEO of My Community Finance, broke down why this trend among banks is happening. He explained: “It’s becoming increasingly common for banks to close their high street branches as more customers shift to online and digital banking methods. “If you’re a customer and need branch access and don’t have alternative services nearby, you might want to consider switching to a bank with a physical branch in your area - although there are no guarantees that they will remain open for long.” Rocio Concha, Which? Director of Policy and Advocacy, added: "Whether it's to pay for everyday essentials or to keep track of spending amid the rising cost of living, cash is hugely important for millions of people across the country. "These bank branch closures are just the latest in a series of cuts to the country's network, inhibiting people's ability to access cash as well as face-to-face banking services. The new law to protect access to cash cannot come soon enough, but risks being undermined unless minimum levels of free access to cash are protected, so those who want to use cash don't have to spend their own money to get their hands on it."