Ana Walshe and her husband Brian "had many fights" about her desire to move their family to Washington DC before she disappeared, the woman's best friend claimed. The 39-year-old real estate executive was reported missing on January 4 after she failed to report to work in the capital. Mr Walshe claims he last saw her en route as she left the house on New Year's Day. Walshe's best friend Alissa Kirby said the mum-of-three described having a "very tense Christmas" as the couple allegedly argued about the idea of relocating. Kirby said: "They had had many fights about, 'when are we finally going to come to DC? When am I going to be with my kids there?' "That was her priority and so I know they were experiencing a lot of stress together. "I know it had been very tense Christmas, a lot of that we discussed also. But never an indication she feared for her life." Walshe's best friend became increasingly emotional as she discussed the relationship between the missing woman and her husband. JUST IN: Idaho murder suspect's old social media posts expose 'extraordinary' lack of empathy She claimed Mrs Walshe, 39, had called her husband, 47, her "best friend" on several occasions, adding the comments now appeared "jarring" as he came under scrutiny over the real estate executive's disappearance. Walshe was arrested days after his wife was reported missing for allegedly misleading investigators. And two law enforcement officers briefed about the case told CNN his Internet records showed he had searched how to best dispose of a body. Kirby erupted into tears after sharing the characterisation Mrs Walshe had offered of her husband: "Never an indication she felt unsafe, it was just a frustration, 'I just want to be with my kids. I just want to be back here.' "She always described him as her best friend, they were very close, it was love at first sight. READ MORE: Republicans brace for standoff against Biden as US warned of 'irreparable harm' to economy "That was always what she said, that she trusted him, anything he might have done in the past was just bad choices, he was a good person. "Knowing that now is jarring, it's gut-wrenching, it's uncomfortable." At the time of Walshe's disappearance, Brian was in home confinement awaiting judgement for charges of art fraud. Prosecutors said police had found traces of blood in the basement of the couple's family home in Cohasset, Massachusetts as Walshe appeared in front of a judge to be arraigned on allegations of misleading investigators about the whereabouts of his wife. DON'T MISS:At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] Lynn Beland told the presiding judge: "They found blood in the basement. Blood was found in the basement area, as well as a knife, which also contains some blood. Part of the knife was damaged." According to a Cohasset Police affidavit, Mrs Walshe was last seen by a family friend attending dinner at their family home on December 31, 2022. Brian Walshe claimed his wife informed him she had an emergency at work and would need to fly back to Washington DC the following morning. He said Mrs Walshe left their home between 6 and 7am on New Year's Day and suggested she travelled to the airport via a privately hired car as she normally would when travelling for work. Mrs Walshe was officially reported missing three days later when her company, Tishman Speyer, informed the police she had failed to show up at work. 