Manchester United could be set to frustrate Cristiano Ronaldo at his new club Al Nassr after team-mate Vincent Aboubakar was ‘mentioned in internal talks’ as a replacement for the 37-year-old at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag has made clear that he is in the market for a new striker with low-cost options like the Cameroon captain appearing to be the most likely route forward in the short term. United currently look short on options in the striker department following the acrimonious departure of Ronaldo in November. Anthony Martial is currently the sole senior No 9 at the club with Ten Hag understandably reluctant to move Marcus Rashford from the left wing where he is currently excelling. The club are said to be considering a range of forward options with Joao Felix among those most heavily linked. However, fresh reports state that a host of more surprising names are also on the clubs radar as they look to strengthen in the position. 90min states that Aboubakar has been mentioned behind the scenes at Old Trafford as a potential signing. The Cameroonian excelled at the World Cup scoring twice including the winner in the final group game against Brazil, before being comedically sent off for his celebration, and his performances appear to have caught the club’s eye. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE It would be a major blow to Ronaldo should United manage to attract him to the club. The 30-year-old is one of Al Nassr’s best players and his departure would reduce the chance of on-field success for the Portugal captain in Saudi Arabia. The club currently sit top of the Pro League, with four goals from Aboubakar helping secure their place at the summit. He is not the only player believed to have been discussed at United. Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting, Olivier Giroud and a return for Memphis Depay have all also been mooted while Ten Hag is also said to be keen for a reunion with Ajax star Mohammed Kudus. The Dutchman has not been coy over his ambition to sign a striker this month but stressed whoever arrives must be the ‘right’ fit for the club. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile "It’s always difficult. Strikers are expensive, especially in the winter," he said. "But you have to set the limits high. We’re looking for it. We need to be creative and do everything we have in our power to get the right players in, who are fitting in the balance. "It’s about timing and availability. It’s about so many circumstances playing a role in that.” It remains to be seen whether or not United will solidify their initial interest in Aboubakar but it is likely Ronaldo will be in the player’s ear convincing him to stay in the Middle East if they do.