Arsenal have reportedly decided to make Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic their next blockbuster signing after their deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk is completed. The Gunners have been locked in talks with Shakhtar Donetsk over a deal for Mudryk and are desperate to snap the player up before the end of the January transfer window. Arsenal were heavily linked with Vlahovic back in 2021 when the Serbia international was still plying his trade for Fiorentina. But the 22-year-old ultimately ended up moving to the Allianz Stadium just under a year ago. The Gunners are still big fans of Vlahovic, however, according to La Repubblica. And it’s still a possibility that they will try to persuade the star to move to the Emirates Stadium during either the current transfer window or in the summer. Juventus have already identified RB Salzburg striker Noah Okafor as the perfect replacement for Vlahovic, so could decide to cash in on their star forward after shelling out £58million plus £8m in add-ons to prise him away from Fiorentina. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Vlahovic has scored 16 goals in 36 games since moving to Turin. But Juve are struggling for form this season and are currently 10 points behind Serie A leaders Napoli after already being dumped out of the Champions League. If Vlahovic did move to north London, he could find it difficult to break into the side when everyone is fit, however. When Arsenal were initially interested in the player, they had Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette as their options up front. But now they have ex-Manchester City ace Gabriel Jesus, who has been a revelation since joining the Gunners last summer. And Arsenal could be about to bolster their attack further by signing the in-demand Mudryk. DON'T MISS Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning Pep Guardiola rules Stones out of derby and makes Solskjaer reference Ten Hag explains if Weghorst will play for Man Utd against Man City    Arsenal have already reportedly had bids of £52m and £62m rejected by Shakhtar for their prized asset. But the north London giants have returned to the table with an offer closer to £70m, according to The Times. Shakhtar are believed to want £88m for the player, with the two clubs attempting to thrash out a deal before the transfer window closes at the end of the month. Mudryk has been in sensational form for Shakhtar this season and has already racked up an impressive 10 goals and eight assists in 18 matches. He has also piqued the interest of Arsenal’s Premier League rivals Chelsea - but a move to the Emirates Stadium appears to be on the cards. 