A university president has been accused of victim blaming after sending an email about underage drinking following the death of student Madison Brooks. The 19-year-old was allegedly raped by two males she met in a bar near her college, Louisiana State University, and was killed when a car hit her later in the night. The death of the student has sent shockwaves across America. LSU President William Tate has faced backlash in the days since after he sent an email to college students focused on curbing underage drinking in bars near the campus.   Brooks went for drinks at Reggie's bar, which is nearby, on the night of her alleged rape and death. The legal drinking age in Louisiana is 21 years old. The decision to focus on underage drinking was tone deaf and offensive, claimed a student body. The College Democrats of LSU and Feminists in Action sent a letter to Mr Tate, obtained by Fox News Digital, that said his action plan "falls short" of consoling a grieving and "fearful" student body. "The student body finds itself sickened by this attempt to victim blame and further ignore the overwhelming violence, particularly sexual violence, we face as students," the student groups wrote. READ MORE: Video shows girl, 19, leaving bar with young men accused of raping her before her death "While students are grieving the loss of our peer and fearing for our safety and well-being, your administration directs its attention to the underage consumption of alcohol. This response is inexcusable." Mr Tate's message was "directed at perpetrators and establishments that enable them to weaponise alcohol against our students", said Cody Worsham, the interim vice president of LSU's Office of Communications and University Relations. "The subsequent actions of the ATC on Tuesday have already helped us enact real change, and the justice system will handle the accused," said Mr Worsham, referring to the Louisiana Office of Alcohol and Tobacco Control's emergency suspension of Reggie's. DON'T MISSMum faces 27 years in jail after leaving son on river bank [REPORT]Father and son break state record after landing huge catch [INSIGHT]Suspects fillmed 'laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim [LATEST] "Honoring Madison’s life requires us to take every possible step to protect students", the student head said, adding that "coming down hard on bars that are serving minors in our community is one of many strategies the President is proposing. We invite the entire Baton Rouge community to join us as we unite against all forms of violence and develop further strategies toward its prevention". Kris Perret, the attorney who represents Reggie's Bar, said business owners contacted Mr Tate directly on Wednesday "and look forward to meeting with him and his team soon to work together to address the issues raised in his recent press release". "When asked what their plan was and how LSU proposed to partner with local businesses and stakeholders, and what assistance and suggestions they might provide, LSU’s response to us was to thank us for reaching out and that they would get back to us in the coming weeks.," Perret said in a statement on Thursday. "We look forward to hearing back from President Tate and his team soon." READ MORE: Manhunt underway for depraved man who allegedly tortured woman he held captive Brooks was fatally struck by a car in the early hours of January 15. The 19-year-old student had met a group of young men at a bar that night before getting into their car, where she was allegedly raped by two males — 18-year-old Kaivon Washington and an unidentified 17-year-old — in the backseat. After the alleged assault, the men dropped Brooks off along a dark stretch of road at around 3am where she was fatally struck by a ride-share vehicle. Two samaritans attempted to give CPR to the 19-year-old before she was taken to a hospital where she died.  The coroner said Brooks later died from "multiple traumatic injuries". East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office has said the driver was "not impaired" at the time of the incident and had "contacted emergency personnel immediately". Kaivon Deondre Washington, 18, and a 17-year-old male, unnamed because he’s a minor, have been charged with rape in the third degree. A third-degree rape charge generally involves a victim who is “incapable of resisting or of understanding the nature of the act by reason of a stupor or abnormal condition of mind produced by an intoxicating agent or any cause and the offender knew or should have known of the victim’s incapacity”, according to Louisiana law. Express.co.uk has reached out to LSU President William Tate's office for further comment.