One of the stars of Outlander has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the end of the show. Actor Paul Gorman, who is better known as identical twins Josiah and Keziah Beardsley, opened up about the news the show is finishing. Gorman has been part of Outlander since season five, which aired back in 2020. The 26-year-old star from Glasgow said: “Outlander has been such a positive force in people’s lives across the world, it’s storytelling unique and powerful and the final season will be no different; capturing it’s magic and showcasing what makes the show so wonderful to watch.” Gorman went on to say: “I’m extremely grateful for my time on Outlander, I have learned so much from it as an actor and made some great friends for life. “Although the show will come to a close, the memories I’ve made on it will last forever.” His words come as American television network Starz announced the phenomenally popular show would be wrapping up with an eighth and final season. READ MORE: Outlander star pays tribute to Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe In a statement, Starz executive Kathryn Busby said “For nearly a decade Outlander has won the hearts of audiences worldwide and we’re pleased to bring Claire and Jamie’s epic love story to a proper conclusion. “But before we close this chapter there is plenty of their passionate story to tell over the course of 26 new episodes and even more to explore of this dynamic world and its origin story. “We’re thrilled to continue to partner with [showrunner] Matthew [B. Roberts], [producers] Maril [Davis] and Ronald [D. Moore] and can’t wait to see where their alluring storytelling takes us next,” she added in the message as per Variety. Some Outlander fans are likely to be saddened by the news given the show takes its cue from Diana Gabaldon’s book series. American writer Gabaldon has penned a total of nine novels with a 10th and final book still to be published, which will round off the story. As well as confirming the show would be wrapping up, Starz dropped a short announcement video with leads Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe thanking fans for their support over the years. Heughan said: “It’s been an incredible journey”, while Balfe added: “Thank you so much for being with us from day one.” He went on to say: “Every good story has to come to an end.” Balfe agreed: “They always do.” Young Ian star John Bell said: “We’re going to go out with a bang and tell the story the way it should be.” Sophie Skelton, better known as Brianna MacKenzie, continued: “It’s not over yet. And that means we get to be with our characters for another whole year. “Outlander has been an incredible chapter of our lives.” Heughan concluded: “And we can’t wait to bring the last season to you guys.” With Balfe saying: “And we hope that we do you proud and we are very, very grateful. So thank you.” Although Outlander is coming to a head, a prequel series Blood of My Blood is in development at Starz. DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman's appearance distracts This Morning fans [VIEWER REACTION]Coronation Street's Fiz Stape 'to disappear' as Jennie McAlpine exits [VIDEO]GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE] The show got the go-ahead and will be launching as a full series, focusing on Outlander hero Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) parents’ love story. Those familiar with Outlander will know of Ellen MacKenzie and Brian Fraser’s (Andrew Whipp) passionate love affair, which caused controversy as the pair defied their families to be together. Roberts will be serving as showrunner on Blood of My Blood. Season seven of Outlander is confirmed to be coming out this year with work on the final outing expected to start in 2023. There’s no date for season eight of Outlander but given the turnaround for the forthcoming series, it could be 2024 at the earliest with 10 new episodes. Outlander season 7 will be premiering in the summer and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now