A collection of Manchester United supporters could be heard singing a homophobic chant in the direction of Frank Lampard during the second half of the FA Cup third-round clash with Everton at Old Trafford. With the Red Devils leading the Toffees 2-1, the home fans began to target Lampard's uncertain Goodison Park future by singing "you're getting sacked in the morning."  But due to Lampard's previous Stamford Bridge connections, the taunts unfortunately did not stop there as United fans sang the infamous "rent boy" chant - usually directed at Chelsea or ex-Chelsea players. Last January, the Crown Prosecution Service confirmed they now consider the chant to be a hate crime as opposed to 'harmless banter' as some fans have previously claimed. LGBT+ supporter groups had been attempting to put an end to the chant - which they have always considered to be homophobia - by working closely with the Football Association to find a solution. In early 2022, the CPS finally confirmed that the term ‘rent boy’ would now be considered a homophobic slur. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Speaking to The Mirror, Max Hill QC, Director of Public Prosecutions for England and Wales, confirmed the change of stance and labelled the chant: “vile and disgusting”. “Hate crime has no place within society let alone sport,” he said one year ago. “Recently we have seen an increase in reports in racist and homophobic abuse at football matches and this is a disease we are determined to play our part in cutting out." He later added: "This weekend’s FA Cup third round has also been tarnished by reports of racist or homophobic abuse by so-called fans at three matches. “This is vile and disgusting behaviour and the CPS stands with the majority of the public who want to see this stamped out.” DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile The chanting mars an otherwise positive night for United, who edged past their Premier League opponents in an entertaining cup tie. Antony gave United the lead just a few minutes in the match before Conor Coady levelled things up for the visitors. Unfortunately for the England international, he would then turn the ball into his own net in the second half in what would prove to be the winner for United as Everton's problems continued to mount up. The incident also comes just days after Nottingham Forest confirmed they would investigate the same chanting at the City Ground during the 1-1 draw with Chelsea last weekend. Last season's Championship play-off winners tweeted: "The Club are aware of reports concerning chants aimed at Chelsea supporters from a minority of fans this evening and do not condone any type of discriminatory or offensive behaviour. The matter will be fully investigated." Chelsea’s official LGBT supporters group 'Chelsea Pride' strongly condemned the chant, tweeting: “We totally condemn the Chelsea Rent Boy chant that can be heard at the City Ground. “Time to call this out with the game is live on @SkySportsPL. This is now classed as a hate crime.” Nottingham Forest's own LGBT group 'LGBT Trickies' took the chance to apologise on behalf of the club's disgraced supporters. A twitter post read: “From all genuine #NFFC fans, please accept our apologies, not only do we hope @NottPolFootball will do their best to take action, we would hope @NFFC release a statement condoning (sic) this and take necessary action."