During Thursday’s instalment of Loose Women, the panel welcomed Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas to speak about the current tour of the BBC dance show. However, with her son being a professional dancer on the USA version of the show, she touched on if she’d consider going Stateside. BBC judge Shirley Ballas spoke to the Loose Women ladies about her son and professional dancer Mark.The 36-year-old returned to Dancing with the Stars for its latest season after a five-year break and took home the trophy with Charli D'Amelio.Speaking about her son on the ITV show, Shirley gushed over how proud she was as she told Denise Welch, Kaye Adams and Judi Love how hard he trained to get back into shape.After not seeing him for a long time, the dancing judge took a trip to America to spend some time with him before he decided to make his TV return. READ MORE:Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Recalling the story, she said: “He got offered the job on Dancing with the Stars, he hadn’t done it in five years. He told me, ‘No mum I’m not’.“So I flew back to England, ready for our launch show, was just about to go on our launch show and he said, 'Could you fly back tomorrow mum, I’ve decided to do it'.Shirley commented she flew back out there to help him get ready for the show as she told them she stayed for two weeks.Before departing from Strictly, Shirley’s former co-star Bruno Tonioli divided his time judging both the UK and USA dance shows. With Len Goodman recently announcing his departure from the stateside dance competition, there’s potentially another spot open for someone else on the judging panel.Loose Women's Linda Robson asked Shirley if she’d ever consider joining the cast herself.She replied: “Well, I think at the moment they’re going to keep it to three judges but you know.“The bonus of being over there would mean I get to see my son every week.”Shirley revealed Mark had come home for the Christmas holidays and spent over a week with his mum. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [SOAP] GMB fans fume over 'stupid' Crufts dog ban debate [REACTION] The Traitors’ Amanda details part of BBC show which ‘hurt’ the most [INSIGHT] She added: “He came over for 10 days and then I had a slump for three days, I couldn’t operate, I couldn’t do anything.“It took me a minute to find my feet, I do miss him. I lived almost next door to him for 11 years.”Lightening the mood, Denise commented on how good-looking her offspring is as she joked he would have been in trouble with her back in the day.However, the dancing sensation made it clear how much she adores her family as she revealed to seeing her mum each week. Despite being on the Strictly Come Dancing tour around the country, Shirley makes the effort to see her mother when she can.She told the Loose ladies that even seeing her for an hour will keep her going for an entire week.Shirley added: “She is my love, she is my rock, she is my queen, she is my everything. If you’re listening to this mum I love you, none of this is possible without you.”Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm