The revelation that classified materials were discovered at think tank offices formerly used by President Joe Biden, as well as at his Delaware home, has prompted questions on how the circumstances compare with the seizure last year of hundreds of documents marked as classified from Mar-a-Lago, the Florida residence of former President Donald Trump. Former governor Mike Huckabee has pointed out the "troubling" double standard. He told Fox News: "How come it was Joe Biden's own attorneys, both White House attorneys and personal attorneys who were able to go looking through his records and when Donald Trump's records were searched, his attorneys were not allowed in the room or anywhere on site. "I find that very troubling. I think it's very indicative of the fact we have a double standard of justice. "We all know it but we just keep getting more and more pieces of evidence to substantiate that." He added: "We know that 27 heavily armed FBI agents raided Donald Trump's home, his personal space including his wife's clothes closet because they thought this was such a national security risk even though it was under lock and key. READ MORE: Trump lawyer accuses Biden's legal team of a 'clean-up job'  "In Joe's case, he had no right to take it. He was vice-president, not president. He couldn't declassify anything and he had it for six years and now we're just finding out. "We now know these documents were discovered and disclosed only internally just before the election but we don't know about it well into the new year, how come? "Why are the documents in his vice-president hands so much less important than those sitting in a former president's hands in his own residence in a locked place." It's unclear precisely how many classified materials have been obtained from Biden's office and home. Richard Sauber, special counsel to the president, said Monday that “a small number of documents with classified markings” were discovered on November 2, 2022, in a locked closet at the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement, a think tank in Washington, as Biden's personal attorneys were clearing out the offices. Biden kept an office at the Penn Center after he left the vice presidency in 2017 until shortly before he launched his 2020 presidential campaign. It was affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania and continued to operate independently of the Biden administration. DON'T MISS New York City Mayor blasts immigration response as a 'national crisis' [INSIGHT]Joe Rogan believes Democrats 'trying to get rid' of Biden [ANALYSIS]Mother and son accused of running home brothel [VIDEO] On Thursday, Sauber said a second batch of documents with classified markings — a “small number," he said — had been found in a storage space in Biden's garage near Wilmington, Delaware, with one document being located in Biden's personal library in his home. On Saturday, Sauber said that a total of six pages of classified documents were found earlier in the week during a search at Biden's home and were handed over to Justice Department officials. Roughly 300 documents with classification markings — including some at the top secret level — have been recovered from Trump since he left office in January 2021. In January 2022, the National Archives and Records Administration retrieved 15 boxes of documents, telling Justice Department officials they contained “a lot” of classified material. In August, FBI agents took about 33 boxes and containers of 11,000 documents from Mar-a-Lago, including roughly 100 with classification markings found in a storage room and an office. dxus