Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank recently announced they are expecting their second child this summer, sparking rumours they could also be gearing up for a big house move. With their young family expanding, the couple might be looking for somewhere with more space. The family currently split their time between Portugal and the UK, after they moved to the CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club as part of Jack's work managing a 300-home development with property magnate Mike Meldman. While in London is thought they have been staying at Nottingham Cottage in the grounds of Kensington Palace. Known by the family as Nott Cott, the property has also been a home for the Prince and Princess of Wales following their wedding in 2011 and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, before they relocated to Frogmore Cottage. The charming house only has two bedrooms, meaning Eugenie and Jack may be on the lookout for somewhere bigger.  Their new baby, due just a few months after the King and Queen's coronation in May, will be 13th in line to the throne and will be titled Miss or Master. The Brooksbanks married in October 2018, with their son August Philip Hawke arriving in February 2021. Buckingham Palace said: "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother."  READ MORE: Camilla’s ex-bodyguard hired as King's head driver in palace shake-up The princess shared their exciting news on her Instagram page alongside an adorable picture of August kissing her baby bump. She wrote: "We're so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." The 32-year-old is also an aunt to her older sister Princess Beatrice's daughter Sienna, who was born in September 2021.  DON'T MISS:Tory MP claims ‘massive arms factory’ must be built in Poland  [LATEST]Prince Harry was 'brought up better' and should remember Diana [INSIGHT]Charlotte could get unique royal title due to King's 'change of heart' [REVEAL] The new arrival will also be a third grandchild for Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. Eugenie, known for her charity work helping to end slavery, recently spoke at the World Economic Forum in Davos. She shared her hopes for her son August to one day become a climate activist. 