Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is traditionally used as a leavening agent in baking. However, the white powder can also be used in a number of areas and appliances around your home, such as air fryers. Kettles accumulate a huge amount of limescale as a result of hard water. As the kettle boils, insoluble calcium carbonate will form from the water which spreads across the appliance. This is presented as limescale which will remain in the kettle until it is thoroughly cleaned. After hearing from cleaning experts detailing that a kettle can be descaled simply using baking soda and water, I knew I had to test it out for myself. As a result of the kettle being used multiple times a day and living in a hard water area, the appliance quickly gathers limescale. Kettle cleaning tends to be far down the list of cleaning jobs, and so when it comes to tackling the job it can often seem like a lot of effort. To start descaling my kettle, I first ensured the appliance was unplugged and empty. Then I added two tablespoons of baking soda and a cup of water. READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows It was important not to add too much water to ensure there was plenty of room to allow the water to bubble and fizz when it reacted with the baking soda. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Ocado and Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. My kettle was in dire need of descaling as the limescale had been building up for over two months. DON'T MISSFour ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid [EXPERT]Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]5 ‘must-have’ and ‘indestructible’ winter plants for ‘intense colour’ [INSIGHT] Once the baking soda and water had been added to the kettle, I then put it on to boil and left it to stand for 15 minutes before emptying it out into the sink. To make sure all of the baking soda had been removed, I boiled the kettle again and emptied the water. After the kettle had boiled for a second time I used a damp microfibre cloth to wipe down the outside of the appliance as there were some watermarks. It was as easy as that and didn’t require any scrubbing or elbow grease to get rid of the limescale. While there was the tiniest remainder of limescale around the inside edges of the kettle, this hack was definitely a success given the state it was in at the beginning. READ MORE: 13p kitchen item is the ‘most effective’ method of removing limescale For those with extreme limescale in their kettles that looked similar to mine, I would suggest putting the kettle on to boil with the baking soda and water for a second time. As a general rule of thumb, you should aim to descale your kettle every four to eight weeks if you live in a hard water area or every three months if you live in a soft water area. When kettles build up with limescale as mine previously did, not only can it impact the taste, leave chalky white build-up floating in the drink and look unsightly, it can also affect your energy bills. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ava Pope, Energy Saving Expert at Love Energy Savings, explained: "A kettle clogged up with limescale will take longer to boil, which will use more electricity. “The precise amount depends on the wattage of your appliance and the extent of the limescale build up - but with rising energy prices it's worth taking the time to descale your kettle regularly in order to ensure your appliance is running as efficiently as possible.” In fact just 3mm of limescale can increase energy consumption by 25 percent. This means energy bills are much higher than necessary, and so is the carbon footprint of the home. According to Ben Dhesi, Founder of the HUGO Energy App, limescale can make kettles up to 40 percent less efficient. He told Express.co.uk: “Limescale slows heat transfer to the water, which means kettles with limescale can be anywhere from 10 to 40 percent less efficient, depending on the limescale thickness. “Given that an average home makes four cups of boiling water a day, that is an average daily cost of 10p in today's electricity prices. Which equals £36.50 per annum. So limescale can add between £3 to £12 to your annual energy costs.”