A spokesman for the college said: "These are not aare not effective and will not reduce ambulance waiting times. "These only move corridor care into temporary structures built in car parks that become rapidly full." Interim chief executive of NHS Providers added that questions would be "rightly asked about how quickly and efficiently the NHS estate can be restructured to implement these changes given the pressure we are being confronted with right now". On how much temporary space would be created by using the new cabins, Mr Barclay couldn't say, but she said cots could be reduced by 35 percent and the sites up and running in a matter of weeks. A recent example of such a ward being created occurred at North Middlesex University Hospital where a 20 bed ward was constructed and opened in 16 weeks at a cost of £1.7million. Furthermore, this isn't the UK's first dealings with temporary treatment areas. READ MORE: NHS is not at breaking point - it's completely broken, says AMBULANCE PARAMEDIC During the first national lockdown in 2020, temporary hospitals were built to cope with the wave of coronavirus patients. Known as Nightingale Hospitals, these were temporary structures constructed to deal with ongoing health crisis. Fast-forward nearly three years and the NHS finds itself in the grip of another crisis, this time one being fought on multiple fronts. In light of severe overcrowding at hospitals, the NHS asked Shadow Health Minister Wes Streeting whether Labour would consider bringing back the initiative. Mr Streeting said: "Labour would be pulling out all the stops to deal with the crisis, but the reality is that there weren't enough staff to run Nightingales during the pandemic, and now there are over 130,000 vacancies in the NHS."   Ahead of their latest statement, the DHSC (Department of Health and Social Care) said: "We are providing additional equipment from the national ICU reserve, such as oxygen concentrators, to reduce the demand on small oxygen cylinders. "The NHS is already maximising bed capacity with the equivalent of 7,000 additional beds, plus funding for speeding up discharge and increasing virtual wards, all to free up capacity. "In total, we’ve announced £14.1billion additional funding over the next two years to improve urgent and emergency care and tackle the backlog – the highest spend on health and care in any Government’s history." The latest funding package, under which £50 million is being used for the temporary buildings is being looked upon as a shortterm fix, but one which doesn't address long term issues. DON'T MISS:Family's heartbreak after 19-year-old son dies from cancer [REPORT]Return of Covid measures won't 'build immunity or break cycle' [REPORT]'Twindemic' of flu and Covid ravaging health services across Europe [REPORT] These long term issues are subject to intense debate. Some blame the problems on coronavirus and the pandemic while others on Tory austerity. Funding is often a sticking point, with claims the NHS is underfunded as funding under the Conservatives has seen lower year on year increases compared to Labour.