Zara McDermott, 26, took to Instagram earlier today to announce her next big project in view of her 1.7 million followers. The Love Island star is set to team up with the Princess of Wales to work on her new campaign, Shaping Us. It aims to improve society’s understanding of the significance of early childhood in shaping adulthood and society as a whole. Zara shared a series of pictures alongside the Princess and Prince William as the pair discussed their collaboration, along with a lengthy caption explaining their mission. The TV personality said she was “honoured” to be part of the campaign as she vowed to work with Kate “long term” to create “real change”. She wrote: “I am absolutely honoured to be working with the Princess Of Wales on her new campaign, Shaping Us. “Studies have shown that so many of us don’t fully understand the magnitude of the first 0-5 years of a child’s life and how crucial these years are to forming who we become as adults. “Since working on this campaign and listening to the science, I have realised the staggering link between mental health in adulthood, and childhood development.” About the new project’s mission, Zara added: “The more we start understanding and establishing the link with our early childhood, the better placed we are to start reducing issues in adulthood. “I am continuing to work with the Princess long term to discuss how we can ensure this campaign can make real change and I’m excited to hopefully see our ideas come to life.” In a follow-up comment, Zara gushed over having had the chance to bring her mum along to her discussions with William and Kate.  “How incredible to be able to share that moment with her… the woman who has made me who I am today.” Addressing her beloved mother, Zara added: “I love you so much mummy and I’m so glad we had an evening to remember forever for an incredible cause!” DON'T MISS...Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [ROYAL] Friends and fans of the TV star flocked to the post’s comments section to voice their support for her new venture. Zara’s partner, Sam Thompson, said: “I’m so proud of you goose,” along with a string of red love heart emojis. Blacksmarties26 added: “Omg Zara! That's bl**dy impressive. Massive well done and can't wait to see what a difference the charity makes.”(sic) Ffimimosa typed: “Well done Zara your involvement in these projects is fantastic !” Kate appeared in a video message today sanctioning the launch of Shaping Us, looking poised in a green jacket and black jumper as she delivered a brief statement. She said: "Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives. But as a society we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. "Today, the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood is launching a new campaign, Shaping Us, to raise awareness of the life changing impact we can have when we build a supportive, nurturing world around children and those who care for them. "Because by focusing our collective time, energy and resources on those most preventative years, we can make a huge difference to the physical and mental health and happiness of generations to come."