It is a wonder then that the BBC, our tone-deaf national broadcaster, feels it necessary to be the PR wing for Shamima Begum’s public rehabilitation. To say that most Britons are not fond of the jihadi bride would be a gross understatement. Miss Begum, now 23, was one of three east London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria in 2015 to join the terrorist group ISIL. There she married a jihadi fighter, had three children, and was later stripped of her British citizenship on national security grounds in 2019. Ever since Miss Begum’s case has been the face of a culture war led by people who believe that she has the right to regain her citizenship which she happily traded to join the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Of course, the BBC is well aware of this. Miss Begum has explained how and why she joined ISIS in her 10-part BBC podcast series. She even went as far as to describe the al-Roj camp in Northern Syria where she now lives, as being “worse than a prison’” Unfortunately, my sympathies lie with the innocent people she helped ISIL brutally murder. Miss Begum, who was an “enforcer” in ISIL’s “morality police” was charged with trying to recruit other young women to join the jihadist group. She was also allegedly tasked with stitching suicide bombers into explosive vests that could not be removed without detonating. Forgive me if I am not beside myself with grief for poor Shamima Begum. Nonetheless, this BBC series begs several questions. First of all, would our national broadcaster generously offer such a platform for redemption to the likes of Andrew Tate? Or Katie Hopkins? Or even Michael Vaughan – a man who has been blacklisted by the BBC over an inappropriate joke he denies making 14 years ago? Obviously not. The “impartial” broadcaster only seems to have a soft spot for former terrorists, eco-nuts, and raging communists. The fact that they are not bothering to hide their bias is telling and infuriating. Secondly, why are so many on the Left defending the indefensible? For example, many people have argued that Miss Begum was only 15 at the time of her departure. Therefore, she could not have been fully conscious of her decisions. The only problem with that argument is the vanishingly few 15-year-olds who voluntarily join a terrorist organisation. Skip class? Sure. Shoplift? Possibly. But most draw the line at joining an organisation known for throwing homosexuals off buildings. Others have also made the case that Miss Begum is merely being used as a scapegoat because some 300 other ISIS fighters have managed to successfully return to the country. What’s one more ISIS terrorist, right? The irony is not lost on them that allowing more terrorists into the country is a net negative for everyone. It takes only one attack for everyone to rail at our lax border control. Therefore, it should go without saying that the incompetence of British security agencies should not be used as a reason for welcoming in more dangerous individuals. Lastly, and perhaps most obviously, why should British taxpayers have to fund this? There was no outpour of public sympathy over Miss Begum’s case. In fact, most Britons are glad to see the back of her. There is no shortage of issues destabilising the country. We are watching the most significant drop in living standards for almost a century. Surely the BBC can understand that the country has more pressing concerns at the moment? Why should the British public fund a one-way ticket for Miss Begum to come and rebuild her life on the public dime, when she so callously turned a blind eye to the lives that she and her husband helped destroy? In the podcast, Miss Begum addressed the public anger towards her, stating, “I don’t think it’s actually towards me. I think it’s towards Isis”. No Shamima, it’s towards you. The incredulity of this podcast series again draws into question the TV licence fee. The media landscape has changed dramatically since the 1940s. The case for having a publicly funded national broadcaster when there is such a plethora of others that are answerable to the market is a losing one. In a world of Netflix and Amazon, why should I be forced to pay for woke, unwatchable content by a cabal of virtue-signalling elites convinced by their own invincibility? If the BBC wants to survive into the next decade, this is definitely not the way to do it.