Chicago Fire season 11 returned to NBC on Wednesday evening with its 10th episode. There were a number of talking points from the instalment, but undoubtedly the biggest came from the bond between Stella (played by Miranda Rae Mayo) and Sam Carver (Jake Lockett). However, with Stella married to Kelly Severide (Taylor Kinney), could fans be witnessing the beginning of a gripping affair storyline? After all, Carver and Stella’s bond seems to be a unique one given their tumultuous history. The duo have found themselves at the centre of a number of potentially life-threatening scenarios, having each other’s back time and time again. In particular, episode nine saw the two survive an explosion after Stella took the brunt of the impact while protecting Carver from the blast. The reverberations of this were felt in episode 10 when Carver decided it was time to open up to Stella about his scar, something he’d never done before. READ MORE: NCIS Hawaii's Vanessa Lachey confirms return of fan-favourite star The pair confided in one another, with Stella telling Carver: “I keep trying to put (the explosion) behind me, but every day I wake up, I see this scar on my side, and it all just comes flooding back.” "Scars are good for that,” Carver quipped before he took the opportunity to delve into the history of his own scar. He confessed: “My older brother, he was always a bully. But one night, when I was nine years old, he took it up a notch. “We're at this big family bonfire - something we did every July 4. But this year, when no one else was around, he snuck up behind me and he shoved me into the flames." Stella could only listen on stunned as Carver continued: “I dragged myself out of there. I’ll never forget the hell of that pain. “Meanwhile, he ran and told everyone that I tripped and fell and he saved me like he's the big hero. “No one believed my version, what actually happened - because that's too insane. Why would a 15-year-old kid do that to his own little brother, right? I must be lying." Carver’s vulnerability drew a sympathetic reaction from Stella who said to him: “I’m sorry, Carver.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Teeter star admits she was 'bummed' over bunkhouse exitAndy Cohen swears in furious Watch What Happens Live rantOutlander's Sam Heughan admits 'worst thing' about season 7 filming Despite Stella and Kelly’s marriage still going strong on the show, NBC viewers have been left fearing the bond between her and Carver could lead to something stronger. Taking to Twitter after the episode aired, Chicago Fire fan @HooliganHeathe1 predicted: “Ooh wait a minute...does Carver have feelings for Stella because she saved his a*s again? “Oh buddy, you bet not let her hubby catch you looking at her in any other way except being your lieutenant. #ChicagoFire. Sev ain't afraid to throw hands for HIS WIFE.” While Kevin Lunn also pondered: “Would be interesting if Stella & Carver start having an affair #ChicagoFire.” Elsewhere, Jack Brennfleck added: “#ChicagoFire If they turn this Carver-Stella thing into something more that tears apart her and Severide, we riot. I’m probably waaaaaay off base here but I swear if it happens we’ll burn this bitch to the ground.” And @leporen03 also spotted the clues: “I had a feeling it was guilt Carver was feeling and not a crush on Stella #ChicagoFire.” Meanwhile, @DebbieW96974670 sarcastically typed: “Huh? Well Stella and Carver bounding over a drink. Nothing is going to go wrong there. #ChicagoFire.” And @FabulouslyYoung also shared their fears: “I hope Carver not reading too much into Stella's drink offer. #ChicagoFire.” (sic) Chicago Fire season 11 continues Wednesday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.