Liverpool have reportedly seen a £62million bid rejected for Brighton star Moises Caicedo, who is attracting interest from other members of the ‘Big Six’. The Reds have paid the price this season for a lack of investment in their midfield but are hopeful that a minor reshuffle can spark a reaction in the second half of the campaign. The Reds have struggled so far this season, with their lack of quality in the centre of the park preventing them from dominating fixtures as they once would have. Jurgen Klopp has been quick to admit the transfer error in not recruiting at least one more midfielder over the summer, and is keen to put that right. Jude Bellingham is the Reds’ top target, but Borussia Dortmund are not willing to part ways with the England international until the summer – though also would like him to pen a new deal at the Signal Iduna Park rather than moving on. Enzo Fernandez is also admired, though he appears Chelsea-bounce. Reports in Ecuador as per the Liverpool Echo, however, suggest that Caicedo is Liverpool’s top target this month, having already had an offer for his services knocked back. The Ecuador international has caught the eye since bursting into the Seagulls team last season, seamlessly slotting into their midfield and preventing the departure of Yves Bissouma from being significant. Though the south coast outfit could have to find another replacement in the centre of the park, with Klopp’s side reportedly considering a second bid. Chelsea are also interested in the 21-year-old, with Manchester United long-term admirers of the No 25, having almost signed him from Independiente del Valle previously. Caicedo is seen as one of the top midfield talents in the Premier League and Brighton are reluctant to let him depart for fear that it will damage their hopes of securing European football for the first time in the club’s history this season. Thus, it would take an unignorable offer to prompt the Seagulls to sit at the negotiating table. Caicedo is not the only Brighton player linked with an exit, with Leandro Trossard and Alex Mac Allister also the subjects of speculation. Speaking earlier this week, Brighton chief executive Paul Barber explained to The Argus: “In an ideal world our squad, which is as good as it has been for a long time, will remain intact through the whole of January and we will go into the second half of the season as we are. “The next 30-odd days is unpredictable and we will deal with whatever comes in. But we are not offering anyone to anyone.”