Earlier this month, on January 12, 2023, the death of Lisa Marie Presley was announced by her mother, Priscilla Presley. The 54-year-old was pronounced dead after suffering a "cardiac arrest" on Thursday night. As the only child of Elvis Presley, Lisa Marie was extremely invested in the quality of Baz Luhrmann's biopic, Elvis. After seeing the movie for the first time, she opened up about the effect it had on her. Lisa Marie spoke candidly about Elvis and how much she enjoyed it. She wrote on her Instagram account: "I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie 'Elvis' twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." She followed up to heap particular praise on the actor playing her father, Austin Butler. She said: "Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)" (sic) The singer then revealed what exactly broke her during the film. She revealed: "What moved me to tears as well was watching [her children] Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced." (sic) The star also gave major praise to the film's director, Luhrmann. Priscilla previously admitted she was "nervous" about Luhrmann taking on this project, but Lisa Marie felt he had done Elvis' life story justice. She wrote: "You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever." The feeling was mutual, as Austin recently praised both Lisa Marie and Priscilla when he won a Golden Globe for his performance as the King of Rock and Roll. He said in his speech: "Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever." He later added: "I just feel so endlessly grateful to them that they provided the space for me to somehow try to capture the essence of this man that meant so much to them and that they love so much." However, Lisa Marie did have a sombre note to end on. She referenced her son, Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide back in 2020. Lisa Marie wrote: "It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well." She explained that she hadn't been present on social media because of the death of her son. She said: "I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore." (sic) She went on to stress: "I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP." Lisa Marie was pronounced dead on January 12, 2023. She was rushed to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest. A few hours later, Priscilla confirmed the tragic news. Priscilla said in a statement to People: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. She was the most passionate strong and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment." Lisa Marie is survived by her three children, Riley, Harper and Finley. SOURCE