Silent Witness will see Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) face more tough investigations when it returns to BBC One. The first instalment will see the pair become involved with a notorious mafia group, the Ndrangheta. But how many episodes can Silent Witness fans expect? Silent Witness season 26 will air on BBC One on January 2 at 9pm with the first episode, The Penitent, Part 1. The second instalment, The Penitent, Part 2, will air the following day on January 3 at 9pm. Both episodes can already be viewers on BBC iPlayer now. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist There will be 10 episodes of the new series of Silent Witness in total. As two episodes are broadcast each week, the series will air over the next five weeks. The synopsis for the first episode reads: “When a man is thrown from a high-rise building, the team are propelled into the criminal underworld of a notorious mafia group, the Ndrangheta. “Aided by the National Crime Agency, Nikki and her team set about uncovering the truth. “As they descend deeper into the murky depths of the investigation, Nikki soon finds herself caught in the mafia’s web, with deadly consequences.” It will be followed by episode two. Its synopsis reads: “Nikki becomes even more involved with the Ndrangheta mafia-group and Jack uncovers some disturbing leads. “An unlikely alliance leads Nikki closer to the truth, but not without some collateral damage.” Returning for the latest series is Emilia Fox as Dr Nikki, David Caves as Jack and Aki Omoshaybi as Dr Gabriel Folukoya. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [VIDEO]Silent Witness season 26 episode 1 cast explained for premiere [INSIGHT]Silent Witness' Emilia Fox pays tribute to 'unsung' co-star [EXCLUSIVE] Speaking ahead of the series, actress Emilia paid tribute to her co-stars. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, she said: “I've been working on Silent Witness for 18 years now, and of course, that is solving crime fictionally. “But I have an interest in the crime genre and how cases are solved and through Silent Witness, I have met some incredible people who work on solving crimes in real life.” Hinting at Nikki and Jack becoming closer, she shared: “Now that we are in a series where you've seen Jack and Nikki’s friendship move into a closer relationship and how that works. “You know when you've known someone for a long time but you're suddenly in a relationship, does that make it more difficult? "And what will happen to them, so I look forward to seeing what the writers come up with me in the future." Silent Witness airs tonight on BBC One at 9pm.