Prisoners at HMP Oakwood who are well behaved can order from a luxury menu up to £50 every couple of weeks. The options for those eligible include rump steaks, lamb shanks and 1kg of lamb chops all for £35. Rack of lamb, pork belly, smoked salmon and shrimp are also on offer as low-paid workers line up at food banks during the cost-of-living crisis. Frank Young, editorial director at Civitas, said: "The public will be horrified to hear that prisoners have been tucking into gastro pub quality food. "It’s thin gruel for the increasing number of Brits who are queuing up to use food banks who can only dream of a lamb shank. "This isn’t a sensible approach to punishment and makes prison far too cushy. "We need to get the balance right between punishment and rehabilitation. This will only knock public confidence in the prison system. Prison bosses need to rethink." Ingredients are ordered in raw from approved suppliers for inmates with an enhanced status, who benefit from extra privileges for good behaviour. The jail near Wolverhampton is run by G4S and houses category C prisoners, some of whom are violent criminals and murderers. A HMP Oakwood spokesperson said: "Prisoners who have earned enhanced privileges from good behaviour can buy a small number of approved items with their own money. "Those who behave poorly or breach prison rules face them being taken away." READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN'S GAMEPLAN BEING DESTROYED Inmates can only order from approved suppliers with the money they earn from working inside HMP Oakwood. A total of 400 prisoners were able to place orders at HMP Oakwood in the first week of this year. G4S said 192 of the eligible inmates did so. The aim is to change behaviour through positive rewards rather than through punishment. It is a scheme which forms part of the Ministry of Justice's "Incentives Policy Framework", which offers privileges also including comfortable furnishings in communal parts of prisons and greater autonomy for inmates in enhanced wings. DON'T MISS: Donald Trump baby blimp has been re-inflated once more [REVEALED] Deadly costs of bills crisis laid bare after woman dies of hypothermia [REPORT] JK Rowling fury over transgender rapist sent to female prison [LATEST] Other items inmates can spend their money on include beard oil, facial scrube and herbal foot cream. A source close to the prison told Birmingham Live, which obtained the menu, some inmates do not want to leave the jail as it is so comfortable inside. He said: "The ones who don’t have family or anywhere to live, they get three meals a day, they order the best cuts, their own bread, skincare, protein. They don’t want to leave." Rory Geoghegan of the Public Safety Foundation said: "It may come as news to some prison governors and prison operators, but a prison sentence is supposed to be a punishment. The public will rightly see these luxury menus as yet another example of a criminal justice system that would rather pander to criminals than punish them."  He added: "At a time when hard-working Brits - including police and prison officers - are having to cut back on luxuries and food shops, it is all the more outrageous that convicted criminals in HMP Oakwood are being permitted to order in rump steaks, lamb shanks and more besides." News of the prison's luxury menu comes after food banks in the Trussell Trust network distributed more than 2.1 million food parcels last year. This was the first time the organisation reported such a figure outside the pandemic. There have been reports of key workers, including nurses and police officers, having to queue at food banks as households grapple with rocketing prices at the supermarkets. The Ministry of Justice has been approached for comment.