The Duke of Sussex claimed the Royal Family has shown "absolutely no willingness to reconcile", adding he would like to get his father and brother back. But sources close to the King have told the Telegraph the monarch has always made clear how much he loves both his sons.   The king and his youngest son are understood to have stayed in contact, having met a number of times during the Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. While occasionally tense in their relationship, the King has repeatedly said his door is open and the Duke and Duchess are welcome at any time. The same publication reports that while King Charles has not watched the Sussexes' controversial Netflix series, the monarch has been "deeply saddened" by much of the criticism levelled against the Windsors. Sources cited by the Telegraph say King Charles has no desire for further acrimony and would welcome his younger son back into the fold.  One said the King would never let personal hurt stop him building bridges, noting the King had insisted the Sussexes were invited to his coronation in May. In a series of clips from the Duke's ITV interview, Harry tells presenter Tom Bradby: "It never needed to be this way". He also refers to leaking and planting of stories to the press before adding: "I want a family, not an institution." He also says "they feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains" and "have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", although it is unclear who he is referring to. Filmed in California where the Duke lives, ITV said Harry: The Interview will go into "unprecedented depth and detail" about his life in and outside of the Royal Family.  READ ABOUT RISHI SUNAK'S RESPONSE TO THE NHS CRISIS It is believed the King has so far resisted making a decision as to whether or not to let the Sussexes’ children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, to use the titles of prince and princess. This is understood to have caused some acrimony, according to the Telegraph. King Charles is said to be undecided over whether to allow his two youngest grandchildren to use the titles, which they automatically received on the death of Elizabeth II. Meanwhile, Harry told CBS presenter Anderson Cooper of a "betrayal" by Buckingham Palace while speaking on the 60 Minutes programme. In a one-minute extract, Harry says: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. The family motto is 'never complain, never explain', but it's just a motto. "They (Buckingham Palace) will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting."  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [OPINION] Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [REVEALED] Royal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims [LATEST]