Marjorie Taylor Greene, 48, is the Republican representative for Georgia, labelled a far-right conspiracy theorist. She has been removed from two committees by Democrat members of the House for spreading conspiracy theories, although nearly all her fellow Republicans voted against the movement. Regardless, she is angling to be Donald Trump's vice president if he wins in 2024, according to former Trump strategist Steve Bannon. Republican is vocal on a number of conservative issues, including ending abortion. She is also vocal in expressing concerns about child grooming, recently taking aim at Walmart claiming sex toys had been put on display "right next to children’s toothbrushes". She claimed the US government's restrictions response to the COVID-19 pandemic were "tyrannical control". She likened vaccine passports to pledging allegiance to the devil, referencing the Book of Revelations when dubbing them "Biden's mark of the beast". Black congresswoman Cori Bush asked for her office to be moved away from Marjorie Taylor Greene's, claiming the latter's staff accused her of "inciting violence with Black Lives Matter" and highlighting an incident when Greene took to Twitter to accuse her of "leading a mob" calling for "the rape, murder, and burning of the home". She also appears to have promoted the QAnon conspiracy theory, saying in a video now removed for violating YouTube's policy on harassment and bullying: "There’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take this global cabal of Satan-worshiping pedophiles out, and I think we have the president to do it."  READ MORE: Greene hits out at Walmart over display of sex toys next to children's toothbrushes Despite her more outlandish claims, Marjorie Taylor Greene - sometimes referred to as MGT - is rising in popularity. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy has said of her: "When she picks a fight, she’s going to fight until the fight’s over. She reminds me of my friends from high school, that we’re going to stick together all the way through." What does the divisive figure reveal about her home life on her social media? Marjorie is a mother of three and is divorced as of December 2022. Her former husband Perry Greene filed for divorce three monther earlier and says the relationship was "irretrievably broken". The vocal Christian attends the evangelical megachurch North Point Community Church in Alpharetta, Georgia.  Marjorie offers much inside on her Instagram account, where she describes herself firstly as a Christian and also as a "Successful Business Woman". Amid more typical social media snaps, like one of the politician cooking a Thanksgiving turkey, Marjorie uses her account to promote a number of her agendas to her 670K followers. She notably uses her platform to promote her friendship with former president Donald Trump. On January 7 she posted a picture of herself, the billionaire and Fox personality Tucker Carlson, writing: "President Trump is the leader of the Republican Party. And we will always put PEOPLE OVER POLITICIANS." DON'T MISSGreene erupts in furious 25-Tweet tongue-lashing at 'reckless' Republicans [POLITICS] Marjorie Taylor Greene says 'our country comes first' [UKRAINE] US gun row erupts: British reporter told to 'go back to your country' [SHOCK] She has posted Trump's campaign videos on her account in support and posted numerous images of herself posing with the businessman-turned-politician and his son Donald Trump Jr. She has gone so far as use her Instagram to write a positive review of Mr. Trump's businesses. She said: "One of my favorite things about President Trump is the business he built and how focused it is on excellence and customer service. His properties, clubs, and hotels are some of the most beautiful places to enjoy as a customer."  Besides the support of Trump, Marjorie's second biggest passion appears to be hunting. She enjoys hog hunting, which involves shooting animals from a helicopter. She also posted a snap of a piece of barbecued meat, taken from an animal shot by her son Derek. She wrote: "I am so proud of my son, Derek. At 19 yrs old, he is capable of so much because he knows how to hunt responsibly, work, and solve problems." She added: "It’s also important to raise your boys to be men. We need real men." But Marjorie doesn't just enjoy animals for hunting. It appears she likes dogs, posting snaps from the "Schnauzerween Parade". This parade takes place on Halloween in Rome, Georgia. In the annual event, owners of the German dog breed dress us their pets and take them on a parade through the town center. Schnauzers come dressed as police, pumpkins, spiders, bats, and a host of other typical Halloween costumes. Many of them are pushed along in strollers by their devoted owners. Marjorie loves the parade, gushing: "The Schnauzerween Parade made its way through Rome today! So many creative costumes and floats!! Happy Halloween everyone!" The politician is also a big fitness fan, working part-time as a CrossFit coach for a number of years, before setting her her own CrossFit gym between 2013 and 2017. She posts videos of herself to her Instagram account lifting enormous weights and performing hugely impressive pull-ups in her home gym. In one video she deadlifts 90kgs, posting the inspiring message: "You are the sum total of all of YOUR decisions. Make decisions that lead you down the road that you will be proud of at the end of your life."