Prince Harry, 38, is now married to American cable actress, Meghan Markle, 41, but over ten years ago another TV star impressed him with her kind nature and stunning good looks. The Duke Of Sussex has opened up on his brief courtship with the late Love Island presenter and had nothing but complimentary ways to describe her. Caroline took her own life in 2020 and fond memories of their time together have been shared by Prince Harry in his book, Spare. Harry revealed: “She had been so light and funny that night we met, the definition of carefree.” He added that it was “impossible” to have imagined at that time she would take her own life. Harry was linked to the TV presenter in 2009 amid his on-again, off-again romance with Chelsy Davy. READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' "I knew [Natalie Pinkham] was friends with Prince Harry, and I’d never met him, so I thought, ‘Oh that’s quite exciting’, and for a moment I perked up,” Caroline recalled in her own 2014 book. “So I was just sitting there and he arrived with a few others in tow and we all spent the evening chatting and laughing,” she added. Prince Harry also mentioned in Spare how upon it being revealed he was enjoying a romance with the star, she was disgustingly branded by some as his “bit of rough”. Following the book's release, Alex Mullen, a creative director at APM Media who previously worked as Caroline's manager, spoke out about what she saw as an inappropriate description of her former client. Alex said it was "absolutely gross" for Harry to repeat "old long forgotten slurs" about Caroline in his book. However, most of the Duke’s descriptions of Caroline are positive as he also called her "funny and loving”. He admitted that they ultimately decided to end their relationship because of harassment. "Very soon after [the photographers] papped me and Flack, those photos set off a frenzy. DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon shares new pics of blossoming baby bump (PHOTOS)Strictly's Dianne Buswell addresses Joe Sugg 'split' speculation (NEWS)Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news (LATEST) “Within hours a mob was camped outside Flack's parents' house, and all her friends' houses, and her grandparents' house," Harry shared. At the time of her death, Caroline was dating English tennis player Lewis Burton, 30. “It’s already been a month I love and miss you so much, I never thought that one day I will never be able to see or speak to you again,” he wrote in March 2020 via Instagram. “I wake up and think you’re going to be laying next to me or you’re going to call me in a minute. “It just doesn’t seem real. I wish I could give you a kiss and a cuddle and say everything is going to be ok. "I am so grateful I met you. I just want to make you proud.” Lewis is now dating Louis Tomlinson’s sister Lottie Tomlinson, 24, and the pair have welcomed a baby in recent months. Meanwhile, Prince Harry is permanently residing in the US and is now the father of two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.