A state pensioner has thanked Martin Lewis for helping her obtain a refund of £1,132.81 on her water bill. Janice, a 76-year-old pensioner, wrote into ITV's Martin Lewis' Money Show to say thank you after following his advice on how people can make savings on their water bills. Janice said: "I saw you suggest getting in touch with your water company if you are unable to have a water meter to ask for an assessment. "My provider called me back to say I'm now due a rebate of £1,132.81! As a 76-year-old relying on the state pension this is like winning the lottery." Martin responded: "That's lovely to hear. That just shows the scale of savings when it comes to water that are available - it's worth checking out and not forgetting it. "Just one other thing here over one million water saving freebies are available like a shower head that can save you money. Put your postcode into savemoneysavewater.co.uk to see what's available in your area." READ MORE: Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now Martin said water is often the forgotten utility but people can save hundreds of pounds by fitting water meters and cutting down on how much they use. He recommends looking into getting a water meter if your home has more bedrooms than people, or the same number. The Consumer Council for Water has a free water meter calculator which can help people work out estimated costs of having a meter installed. People might be able to save more money with free water-saving gadgets including shower heads, tap inserts and cistern bags. DON'T MISS:Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April [ALERT]Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills disc [WARNING]Over 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [UPDATE] People in England can’t switch water providers but if they are claiming benefits like Universal Credit, Housing Benefit or Income Support they could apply to the WaterSure Scheme. This places a cap on peoples’ bills so they don’t end up paying too much or think they need to use less water because they are scared of receiving a huge bill. To meet the criteria, families will need to be claiming benefits and have three or more children living at home under the age of 19. People without children might qualify if they have a medical condition that means they need to use more water.   Another Martin Lewis fan saved more than £2,400 a year on his energy bills after following his advice. Richard said: "My mum's energy provider wanted to double her direct debit to £598. "I took their figures and put them into an online calculator, rang them, and they agreed to reduce the monthly payment to £391. Thank you!" Martin said: "Wow that's £207 - so that's over £2,400 a year reduction which is why it's important to do this right now and to check that you're not overpaying." Meanwhile, cash-strapped Britons are also being reminded they can expect cost of living help and energy bill support during 2023. Some eight million people on benefits in the UK are due financial help worth up to £900 in 2023 to help them make ends meet. Britons could also be eligible for a further £150 disability payment and an additional £300 if they qualify for the state pension, totalling financial support worth £1,350 for pensioners on a low income with a disability. Benefit payments will also rise in line with September's inflation figure of 10.1 percent this April. 