Holiday home specialists, Willerby, have looked at the best hidden gems in each of the UK’s most popular staycation destinations. Chloe Lidster, director of customer experience at Willerby, said: “Many of us are aware that the UK is looking to become net zero by 2050 and I think it is something Brits will think about more when planning future holidays.” In Yorkshire, the team recommended tourists head straight to one of the county’s best natural attractions. The team said: “Covering a large area of the north, fifth spot Yorkshire offers a world of diversity. “From the North York Moors National Park and its wild and craggy heather-clad moors to the picturesque Yorkshire Dales that the region is so famous for, there’s an abundance of awe-inspiring scenery to explore. “Nestled within the Yorkshire Dales National Park is Malham, home to part of the inspiration for Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings. READ MORE: Cornwall’s hidden gem is a ‘truly remote’ beach that feels ‘exotic’ “This gorgeously scenic waterfall and pool, Janet’s Foss, in peaceful woodlands near the village of Malham is the perfect spot for a stroll and a picnic. “Just to the right of the glittering waters is a small cave said to be the home of Janet, the queen of the fairies, who gives her name to this enchanted place.” Jennet, or Janet, is rumoured to inhabit a cave at the rear of the fall and the site used to attract dedicated fairy hunters. Viscount Torrington, who visited the Foss during the Georgian era, even penned a small ode to Janet after his visit. Tourists might like to walk from Malham village to the Foss which is a pretty three mile ramble. The walk takes around two hours and takes in Malham cove. During the spring, the air is fragrant with wild garlic. Malham Cove is a unique rock formation which offers incredible views of the surrounding landscape. The white limestone cliff has wowed visitors for centuries with its natural amphitheatre shape. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares reason they board ship ‘last’ The cove was used as the backdrop in Harry Potter when the wizard camped on the limestone pavement above it. Tourists could also check out Gordale Scar, which formed from melting glaciers and is one of the region's highlights. Gordale Scar is within easy walking distance of Malham village and one of the region’s most impressive sights. Malham has two pubs which are both a great option for a pub lunch on return from a walk in the area.