Royal and fashion expert Miranda Holder talked about Kate, Princess of Wales' latest tiara moment. She commented: "We are so lucky because we have not had one but two Kate Middleton tiara moments in the last few weeks." Princess Kate attended a glamorous diplomatic reception at Buckingham Palace hosted by King Charles. She looked beautiful in a long red dress, the Jenny Packham "Elodie" gown, which is valued at £10,300. The royal chose the Lotus Flower tiara to accessorise the stunning dress, which had a round neckline, long sleeves and was covered in floral motifs. Kate has previously donned tiaras for other royal receptions, but she always chose to wear intricate hairstyles. READ MORE: King Charles’ Christmas speech displayed ‘change in two key ways’ An exception was her wedding in 2011 when Kate wore a curled half-up half-down hairstyle with the Cartier Halo Tiara securing her veil. On this occasion, for the Corps reception at Buckingham Palace, she opted for a long and straight tiara hairstyle. Fashion expert Miranda Holder said that the tiara was "gorgeous" but revealed that it "didn't start life as a tiara at all". "It was actually a necklace given to the Queen Mother as a wedding gift by her husband the future King George VI," she explained.  The piece is one of the smaller diadems in the royal collection, with its elegant design and its diamond-encrusted lotus motifs. Miranda continued: "It is customary for the royals to have pieces of jewellery refashioned into something new, it's a bit like a royal form of upcycling." Princess Margaret received the tiara in 1959 and it became one of the "signature pieces" in her collection. "Following her death, there was much speculation as to what had happened to the piece until we saw Kate looking beautiful wearing it in 2013. READ MORE: Kate may change her style this Christmas to recreate the late Queen "Kate wore it again for her first state banquet in 2015 and of course, it was her crowning glory the other night," the stylist explained. The tiara is sometimes known as the papyrus tiara which is another word for lotus leaf. Royal fans loved Kate's tiara moment and shared their thoughts on social media. Instagram user @seenonsarah, for instance, commented that it was "a breathtaking piece" and that Kate looked "stunning". Another one, @styled_by_lucy, said: "It’s a gorgeous piece" and @totallyinfluencedstyle added: "She always looks incredible!" Kate wore the Bentley & Skinner Art Deco Diamond Set Brooch to hold her blue sash in place. That night, she also sported a pair of diamond earrings that belonged to the late Queen Elizabeth, and which perfectly complemented her Lotus Flower Tiara.