  Pregnant Gemma Atkinson, 38, couldn’t help but laugh after one troll suggested that her unborn child might not belong to her fiancé Gorka Márquez, 32, and was subsequently applauded for the way she handled the claim. Her exciting baby news comes amid rumours that she and her Strictly Come Dancing star beau have “secretly married” after some fans were convinced they had spotted a clue.     The former Hollyoaks actress, who met Gorka on Strictly Come Dancing, announced the pair are expecting a baby boy last weekend. The Hits Radio presenter proved herself to be a true professional earlier this week, as she was forced to laugh off one cruel troll following her wonderful pregnancy announcement. As her radio co-host Mike Toolan read out some nasty comments in reaction to the news, Gemma demonstrated that she wasn’t prepared to let anyone get her down. She read out one comment targeting her body, saying: "This is one from a guy called Steve-O. [He says] ‘Well, that’s her body ruined'." READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25      Gemma and Mike couldn't hold in their laughter after reading the comment, with the former Emmerdale star adding: "I’m assuming Steve-O was birthed at one point. What does his mother look like?”" Reading another comment aloud, she continued: "Are we sure this baby’s even Gorka’s? The amount of fellas she had, it could be anyone's! Hope this relationship fails." Once again, the presenters managed to find the funny side of the extremely uncalled for comment and swiftly moved on. Fans rushed to the comments on the Hits Radio Instagram page to praise Gemma for the way she handled the trolls.      "Love how you just get on with it and ignore the haters," one listener penned. While another commented: "Gemma, you're amazing. Love the fact that you just crack on. Keep being you!" "I bloody love this, instead of hurting you, which is what they intended… They've provided us all with a laugh. Haters make great comedians in a happy environment,” another added. (sic) Last weekend, Gemma shared her happy baby news with a black and white photo of herself proudly displaying her bump. READ MORE... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender [LATEST] Cheryl received 'sign' from Girls Aloud's Sarah Harding through radio [NEWS]      "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially 'popped’,” she tweeted. "Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year. "We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! “Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie." Gemma and Gorka, who announced their engagement on 14 February 2021, have also sparked speculation that they recently tied the knot.       Gemma was showing off their newly-decorated kitchen earlier this week when eagle-eyed fans spotted a tiny detail that hinted the pair might have already secretly wed. Two of their mugs lined up on the shelf were inscribed with the words 'Mr' and 'Mrs'. Despite many fans pointing out the detail, the couple are yet to confirm whether they have tied the knot. Express.co.uk have contacted Gemma and Gorka’s representatives for comment.   