Danielle Bux, 43, and Gary Lineker, 62, have proved exes can be on good terms following their divorce in January 2016. The couple ended their six-year marriage but the football pundit and his ex-wife still enjoy a great friendship. Gary and Danielle enjoyed a fancy dinner together at Riva restaurant on Thursday. However, Danielle took to social media to complain about her former beau “ignoring” her to talk about football with their waiter. The actress and model uploaded a short clip on Instagram showing Gary having an enthusiastic conversation with the gentleman who was waiting their table. She captioned the footage: “Still ignoring me to talk about football with Mr Riva.” A further update showed the men still conversing, while Danielle said they were “getting animated now”. Gary previously opened up about his relationship with “best friend” Danielle, who was his second wife. In April 2022, Gary appeared as a guest on a BBC Sounds podcast where he opened up about his “difficult” split. The Match of the Day host was asked how he has been managing his emotions following his divorce from ex-wife Danielle in 2016. Gary and Danielle had originally met on a blind date, when they had been set up by a mutual friend. The former footballing star said it wasn’t an easy process, but they remain close. He replied: “It’s always a difficult experience to go through." “For me, I had two really, really good marriages. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle [LATEST]Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [NEWS]Amanda Holden wows with braless display in skintight crop top [PICTURES] “I’m still good friends with both, particularly Danielle [who is] like my best friend.” Gary was married to Danielle from 2009 to 2016 and there were reports that the marriage ended when they couldn’t agree whether or not to start a family together. At the time, he tweeted: “Thank you all for your kind words. “@DanielleBux and I had many wonderful years together. “We remain very close and the greatest of friends.” Gary told podcast host Tony Bellew: “There’s no anger involved. Thankfully.” Danielle shares daughter Romy, four, with husband Nate Greenwald and has 20-year-old Ella from a previous relationship. The broadcaster’s first marriage was to Michelle Cockayne, but it ended in 2006, with the former couple sharing four sons.