Arsenal fans have been reassured over Martin Odegaard's long-term future at the club. It is now claimed Real Madrid do not have a clause to re-sign the Norway and Gunners captain following some smart work from sporting director Edu. Odegaard has been the star man at Arsenal either side of the break for the World Cup. Since the resumption, he has put in two man-of-the-match performances in victories over West Ham and Brighton. He is the joint-leading scorer for Mikel Arteta's side this season who sit seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Earlier in the week, it had been suggested Real have a first-refusal clause to re-sign Odegaard if he wanted to leave Arsenal. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has allayed some fears by claiming Real have no buyback clause. And he has praised some clever negotiation from Edu to get a deal over the line in the summer of 2021. READ MORE: Arsenal retaliate and 'plan to hijack' Chelsea deal as Blues in for Mudryk  Romano tweeted: "Real Madrid don't have any buy back clause for Martin Odegaard. He's in love with Arsenal project. #AFC "It was club director's Edu masterpiece in 2021. Real Madrid did not want to sell Martin in June/July, Arsenal waited... until they got the green light for less than €40m." Odegaard was always a top target for Arsenal following his loan spell in early 2021. And the initial £30m deal plus bonuses now looks to be a bargain. He was appointed the Arsenal skipper ahead of this campaign and has grown into being one of the most influential players in Arteta's squad. Odegaard scored and laid on one of the assists of the season in the 4-2 win over Brighton on Saturday. DON'T MISSBeckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year HonoursMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talks  Arteta hailed the 24-year-old in his post-match press conference. He said: "He is doing what we want him to do - to decide football matches and work really hard and deliver to the team what he needs in these moments which is different." Legendary former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger also revealed his admiration for Odegaard this week. He told TV 2: "He is a very calm player who analyses the game well. "He has his feet firmly planted on the ground. I am super impressed. He really is a down-to-earth and nice boy. "The way he analyses the game. He also did that as a 15-year-old... The sharpness! I am really impressed. He will do well. He makes decisions quickly, and always optimally. It is remarkable! I like him and the way he makes football look so easy."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here