Arsenal may be set to get their transfer wish in wanting to sign Youri Tielemans this month with Leicester already planning for the Belgian's replacement after reportedly making a £20million bid for Azzedine Ounahi. The Gunners are sitting pretty at the top of the table following their impressive 4-2 win over Brighton while Manchester City dropped points against Everton. But with more than half the season still to play, Arteta is under no illusion that the title is won just yet. The Arsenal boss has made it clear that he wants to be backed in the market to help bolster his options heading into the business end of the campaign. Ukraine and Shakhtar Donetsk star Mykhailo Mudryk is seemingly Arsenal's top target and they're pushing forward with transfer talks. The 21-year-old will bring in some more quality in the forward positions, although Arsenal haven't been lacking goals in Gabriel Jesus' absence so far. But they are also keen to bring in a central midfielder and Tielemans has continually been linked with a move to the Emirates. The Belgian looks increasingly unlikely to sign a new contract with Leicester with his current deal expiring at the end of the season.  Arsenal and Newcastle are being strongly linked with a move for Tielemans this month. Leicester's main reason for not wanting to sell the midfielder last summer was because they were unable to find an adequate replacement in the transfer market. But the Daily Mail indicate Leicester are now moving forward with plans to replace Tielemans this month. It is claimed the Foxes have submitted a £20m offer to Angers for World Cup star Ounahi.  The Morocco midfielder became a household name for his performances in Qatar and Angers are resigned to losing him in the January window. And the report suggests Leicester would consider cashing in on Tielemans this month if they're able to sign Ounahi. Arsenal may face competition for Tielemans' signature if Leicester indicate they would be willing to sell. The Gunners were also linked with Douglas Luiz last summer, but Villa rejected three offers on deadline day and the midfielder has since signed a new contract. Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka remain the go-to starters in Arteta's team with Mohamed Elneny and Albert Sambi Lokonga the alternative options.