Amazon Prime Video’s hit docuseries Clarkson’s Farm is set to make a highly-anticipated comeback for Season 2 very soon. It seems that viewers will be in for a treat, as the man himself, Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has teased more drama to come on Diddly Squat Farm this series. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk ahead of the new season’s launch at the star’s most recent Hawkstone Session, Jeremy revealed one particular forthcoming episode will see the Diddly Squat team getting “really tetchy” with each other. When quizzed on whether things can get tense despite his great camaraderie with his farm colleague and Hawkstone Brewery collaborator Kaleb Cooper, and his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, Jeremy admitted a huge row broke out while the cameras were rolling last year. The former Top Gear host exclaimed: “Oh god yeah [we have arguments]! “There’s a programme in the new series, programme four, which is really tetchy.” READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England  Teasing what the row was about, Jeremy admitted: “Everything!    “It’s just hard work - when you’re cold and you’re outside all day long, and you’re freezing cold, and your muscles ache - you’re tired out.    “And it’s like that every day on the farm.    “6am until 11pm is farming, seven days a week,” the presenter divulged.  It didn’t stop there, as Jeremy revealed he and his farming contractor Kaleb, 24, had also argued earlier that morning. He explained: “I was just on the tractor and it was a beautiful morning. “Kaleb, actually, I was so cross with him, I was on my tractor, doing farming, well it was topping, he came by and went, ‘you’re just gardening!’ “And I was like, ‘what?!’” DON'T MISS:Liz Hurley called 'gift from gods' as she defies age in tiny bikiniDame Esther Rantzen shares she is battling lung cancer as it 'spreads'Rita Ora in eye-popping display as she goes braless in latex dress “I’ve got dirty fingernails, so that shows I’ve done a morning’s work,” Jeremy hit back.  It comes after Jeremy previously branded his girlfriend Lisa a "lightweight", after she left work on the farm behind to party in London.  The couple run the famous farm shop at Diddly Squat together, but Lisa took some time off to attend a festive celebration last month.  Mocking his model partner, Jeremy teased in his column for The Sunday Times: "She grew up in castles and in ski resorts and in Claridge's but she loves it. "But you never know when she'll hear the call of the wild.  "Yesterday I was literally combing the farm looking for her for hours and then I discovered she'd slipped away to attend a party in London.  "City folk! They're such lightweights."  Despite his complaints, Jeremy has also praised Lisa for keeping on top of the “ordering and keeping the place stocked – I don’t know how she does it.  “It’s a great little business,” The Grand Tour host added.