ITV is going to be confirming its full line-up for the latest series of Love Island. The reality series is gearing up for its winter edition which will start next week on Monday, January 16 on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm. The broadcaster will be sharing all the new singletons on its official Instagram account. Along with the main show, there will be the spin-off show Aftersun which looks at the show. The companion series will be hosted by Sam Thompson and Indiyah. Fans will be getting the lowdown on all the goings-on in the villa with the pair as well as extra insight from Love Island. Here’s the lowdown on who is going into the villa in this series. READ MORE: Top dating trends for 2023 - including returning to an ex-partner Age: 21 From: Doncaster The TV salesman says he's never found love but hopes this will change when he goes into the villa. Haris said: "It’s the best opportunity for me to find the girl and find the right one. I’ve obviously not found the right one myself. " He has also never taken a girl to see his parents and siblings yet, saying only then can he say he's falling in love. On what he will bring to the villa, Haris said: "Anyone who meets me, I don’t think they have anything bad to say about me. I don’t give them that bad impression to say, ‘Oh, I don’t want to speak to him again.’ Age: 27 From: Brighton The ring girl and actress explained her reasons for why she was going into the villa: "I’m 27 and I’ve never been in a relationship so I feel like now I’m really ready to settle down and hopefully find the love of my life." Olivia said she is a "confident and bubbly" person and will bring "fun" and some "drama" as well. She also has a claim to fame: "I did a film with Jason Statham and had a nice 10-minute convo about life. "I've been a ring girl for KSI, I played a waitress in James Bond with Daniel Craig and I’ve also been a body double for Michelle Keegan and Emma Watson." Age: 24 From: London The airport security officer is hoping he'll be lucky in love in the villa after not having the best time in past relationships. He said about going on Love Island: "So I thought, why not be in the sun and potentially meet the love of my life? "Hopefully, I do come out with my future wife. The person I hope to marry one day. Hopefully, she’s in the Villa. Shaq said he "wears his heart" on his sleeve and is said to fall in love quickly. Adding: "If I find someone I click with, I fall very hard, very fast. Sometimes that can be a bad thing. I’m a very emotional person. It can be a blessing and a curse."  Age: 26 From: North London Hair stylist Tanyel is going to be bringing her energy and confidence to the villa, saying: "I’m funny, loud, feisty, charismatic." Speaking about herself, she said: "I’m hard to get, confident, funny, charismatic, good looking and happy. I’m also a very loyal person, what is there not to love?" She also revealed her celebrity crush and what she was looking for: "Channing Tatum - I don’t like pretty boys, they give me the ‘ick’ because they always have a c*** personality. "Channing Tatum is handsome but not too pretty. He’s manly and he can dance. If a man can dance I’m in love with him straight away."  Age: 23 From: Buckinghamshire Farmer Will has decided now is the right time to go on the ITV2 reality TV series after trying to juggle work with relationships and growing up on a farm. He said: "Love Island will give me time away from the farm to solely go out and find love. I think I’m at the time of my life where I’m mature enough to go and find a wife." Will is going to be hoping to find the cream of the crop in the villa and his unique background could give him the edge.   Age: 20 From: Swansea Payroll administrator Anna-May is on the lookout for someone to make her laugh after being single for a little while. The romantic hopeful said: "I’m just excited to try something new and I think going on Love Island is a good way to meet someone.: Anna-May describes herself as "energetic" and a "chatterbox" because she works from home and said she wouldn't speak to anyone for three days. She opened up about her worst dating disaster: "I went on a date once and I never saw him again. We went for food and shared a bottle of wine. "As I was speaking to him he fell asleep! I had to clink his wine glass to wake him up." Age: 25 From: Essex The financial advisor is hoping to make good memories in the villa and says he brings "fun and charisma". He is the first partially-sighted contestant to go into the villa as the producers introduce more diverse casting to the show following repeated calls. Ron said: "On meeting me, you’d never know I am blind in one eye. It was the result of a football injury when I was 8; I went in for a header and got kicked in the face. "I’ve got two different coloured eyes, one blue and one green. It’s added to my character, there are so many people that are worse off than me. "And if anything, losing something like that makes you realise that. It’s not hindered me in any shape or form. It’s a good conversation starter I must admit." Age: 25 From: Luton The make-up artist has opened up about what turns her off a potential partner, saying: "I don’t mind people texting me all the time but if you send me question marks if I’ve not replied to you in a while, you’re gone. "That's a really big red flag for me! Also if I see a guy trip over, that's an instant turn-off." However, Lana did admit she could fall in love "quickly" and if things were going "well" would admit she would tell them she loved them in the space of "about a week". Lana also has a claim to fame, saying: "In my work as a makeup artist I’ve worked with lots of celebrities. Also, when I was six-years-old I used to live in Spain and I was in an episode of Benidorm as an extra." Age: 24 From: Manchester Hunky science and PE teacher Kai is going to be getting pulse rates up when he enters the villa and says he's just "looking for the right girl" and as "quite high expectations", saying he's not willing to settle as it's not fair on the other person. His friends say he's "chilled, caring and very impulsive" with the singleton explaining: "I always put my friends and family first and spend a lot of time with them." Kai also shared some insight into himself, saying: "I’m a Jamaican citizen. Because of that I played rugby 7s for Jamaica. I play semi-professional rugby now for Burnage RFC." He added: "I’ve technically got three different degrees and went to three different unis." DON'T MISS...Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams [INTERVIEW]The Masked Singer’s Pigeon’s identity ‘uncovered’ in costume clue [THEORY]1923 episode 4 cast [EXPLAINER] Age: 22 From: Liverpool The biomedical science student and influencer will be hoping to turn some heads and is on the lookout for a boyfriend. She said her biggest turn-off was “guys that don’t wear socks in the house” as well as men with “huge feet”. Love Island is hoping to be more inclusive this year with some more diverse castings with Tanya opening up about her Vitiligo. Tanya said: “I have Vitiligo, which is a skin pigmentation, you may not even notice it. It's on my lip and I have a stripe on my hair. “Not many people know that but I think it’s quite cute. I don’t care about covering it up all the time, I think it’s a vibe.” Love Island 2023 starts on Monday, January 16 on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm