Winter can be a challenging time for gardeners, as the freezing temperatures and frost can cause some plants and vegetables to wilt and die. However, some thrive when exposed to the cold and can end up tasting even better.  All it takes is some planning and preparation, and you could have a winter garden full of colour and fresh vegetables for your dinner table. Gardening expert, Jack Sutcliffe at Power Sheds has revealed which vegetables and plants love the cold to help keep your garden going all year round.     The Lily-of-the-valley is the perfect flower garden centrepiece that will withstand the cold winter weather. While the flower may look delicate, this perennial plant is hardy and adaptable to UK climates. Though it may not bloom as brightly during colder conditions, it still provides years of beauty alongside other flowering plants.  If the lilies are placed in a pot outdoors, put some bubble wrap over it to prevent the soil from freezing up. Echinacea is a tough perennial in the Daisy family that should be planted in full sunlight. They are not only frost resistant, but also heat-resistant. As well as surviving cold winters, they are also low-maintenance plants that become dormant in winter and re-emerge in spring. When the flowers go dormant, trim the dead stems and stabilise them with one to two inches of mulch for protection.   Coming in a variety of colours, the English primrose thrives in cooler temperatures. Primroses grow best in partial or full shade; they do not require much sunlight and only need a little water, which is ideal for colder days. To retain moisture, add a layer of mulch around the plant. Not only are they healthy, but they are becoming increasingly popular every year. Brussels sprouts can be grown in all climates, but they do not like heat. They prefer cooler temperatures, as it prevents the sprouts from getting too bitter. This is because frost enhances flavour by breaking down starches in the cells and releasing natural sugars. This process, known as "cold sweetening," is what gives them their characteristic sweetness. The flavour is not fully developed until the roots have been exposed to freezing temperatures. Once this has happened, they taste much better. Another bonus is that they are a good source of fibre and vitamins. However, keep them away from weeds, as they are not good at competing with them for moisture.