Prince Harry's popularity in the UK has plunged even further following the release of his memoir, a poll has suggested. Polling organisation YouGov looked into the opinion British adults have of the Duke of Sussex in the wake of the publication of Spare, which was released worldwide on January 10. The analysis, conducted on 1,691 British adults between January 10 and 11, suggested Harry's favourability rate is now at -44 This number marks the lowest score ever recorded for the Duke by YouGov since the organisation started tracking his popularity among British adults in 2011. According to the survey, only 24 percent of the interviewees now think positively of the Duke, while 68 percent have a negative opinion of him. The Duke of Sussex's popularity rating is now worse than Prince Andrew's among those aged over 65s. While 60 percent of those polled among the oldest generation have a "very" negative view of Prince Andrew, the percentage rises to 73 percent for Prince Harry, the poll showed. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, also performed worse than Prince Andrew among the over 65s, with 69 percent of people in this age bracket saying they have a negative opinion of her. The pollster also found that, among those surveyed, one in five Britons, 21 percent, believe the main motivation behind the release of Spare is for the Prince to "tell his side of the story". However, 41 percent of those surveyed believe he has penned the memoir to make money. READ MORE: Harry's claim William was 'glum' on his wedding day rubbished Since the book was first announced in July 2021, Harry had said he was going to donate his proceeds from Spare. He has since donated $1.5million to Sentebale, a charity he co-founded in 2006, and has pledged £300,000 to WellChild, one of his patronages. This popularity blow for Harry come just days after YouGov had found the Duke of Sussex's favourability rate was at -38 in a poll it conducted between January 5 and 6, as the first leaks from the book started to appear in the media. The popularity of Queen Camilla, who has been accused by Harry to have a "dangerous" relationship with the press, forged to rebuild her image in the early 2000s, also seems to have dropped following the release of the memoir. The poll showed 46 percent of those polled have a positive view of her, a four-point decrease since her popularity was last analysed - between December 7 and 8 - by YouGov. The number of people who continue to support the institution of monarchy appears to have slightly decreased in the past few months. The latest survey show 59 percent of those polled think the monarchy is good for the country, a three-point drop since the question was last asked by YouGov between September 13 and 14 - a few days after the death of Queen Elizabeth II. Similarly, 64 percent of those surveyed now think the UK should retain the monarchy rather than electing a head of state, a drop from the 67 percent recorded in September.