Joan Sydney, who played Valda Sheergold in the Aussie soap Neighbours, has died aged 83. The TV veteran died peacefully on December 28, according to her friend and colleague Sally-Anne Upton.       Joan was best known for her roles in A Country Practice and Neighbours, but had a long career in entertainment spanning decades. Sally-Anne was quoted by TV Tonight, talking about a charity benefit she put on. "I asked Joan if she would appear as Matron Sloane and at first she was very reluctant," she remembered. "She thought it wouldn’t work as Wandin Valley had been a long time off our screen. READ MORE: This Morning host Phillip Schofield bids farewell after family holiday     "And I said, 'Are you kidding me? Everyone will know who you are. And it will be the highlight of the show'. "And sure enough, as I’m MC-ing the second half she appeared through the curtain in her white nurses uniform and 70s nurses cap, no words spoken, and brought the house down. Later in the green room she was still in shock of the response. 'Well, I never!'" Tributes have started pouring in for Joan, as fans and friends remember her amazing legacy.     Ex-ACP star Shane Withington said, “Oh no… This is terrible news indeed. “Comedy is never as easy as it looks and this lady made it look effortless. I adored her. Vale Joan Sydney.” Debbie Hicks wrote on Twitter: “R.I.P. Joan Sydney. A wonderful, well loved actress. “Will be much missed. Much love to family & friends, hugs Debbie.” (sic) READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]     Alison Tinlin penned: “#RIP to the legend Joan Sydney. We shall always hold the icon that was Valda in our hearts.” Sue Wright tweeted: “Very sad news indeed. Joan played the character, Valda, excellently in Neighbours, and always came across as such a lovely lady. “Sad condolences to all her loved ones. RIP Joan Sydney.” Serena Murfiit added: “Such sad news. I loved Matron Sloan - and Joan Sydney. Such an incredible character, such a brilliant actress.” (sic)      Joan was born in London and was the older sister of stage and screen actress Maggie King. She often appeared beside her sister in productions, and she made her screen debut aged 18 in the 1957 film version of English play When We Are Married. She emigrated to Perth in 1965, where she would go on to win roles in TV shows like The Scalp Merchant, Hector’s Bunyip and Flight Into Hell. From there, the acting legend became a household name when she starred as the matron of Wandin Valley Bush Nursing Hospital Matron Sloane in a whopping 453 episodes of A Country Practice between 1983 and 1990. She then went on to feature in E Street as Mary Patchett, All Saints as Mary Price and Neighbours as beloved character Valda Sheergold.  