Horrific footage shows a toddler waving a loaded handgun around and pointing it at himself. Concerned neighbours spotted a toddler in a nappy running around outside his home with a gun on January 7. The clip was broadcast on reality television show On Patrol: Live, with the child spotted walking outside his home waving the loaded gun. After stepping out of the apartment hall, the child points the gun at the doors and into the air. In a shocking moment, he then points the gun at himself and pulled the loaded trigger. Police were called to the home, where the child was living with his dad, to try and find the gun. During the search at the Indiana home, a 9mm Smith and Wesson pistol was found in the back of a desk drawer. Police can be seen talking to the child's dad, who claimed he didn't own a gun, insisting it was his cousin's who was staying with him. The officer asks the toddler at one point: "'Where'd you put down that toy?' as they searched the home. The dad told police he was staying up to take care of the toddler after he was sick but quickly became distracted as the child got his hands on the loaded gun. READ MORE: Harry exposes 'childhood trauma' as family told 'acknowledge' feelings The toddler was unharmed in the incident as the bullets had not yet been chambered in the gun. However, according to a police report, the 9mm handgun contained 15 rounds of ammunition. Authorities said the child's dad, who has not been named, could be charged with child neglect. Police said the boy was returned to his mum, where he lives full time. Beech Grove Mayor Dennis Buckley said after seeing the footage: “I received notification from our Police Chief soon after this incident took place. “As with all of you, I'm mortified and what took place and I'm so thankful that no one was hurt, especially the young child. “I appreciate the quick action taken by the Beech Grove Police Department to secure the small child and the gun in question. “I ask that the Marion County Prosecutor's Office work tirelessly to secure charges and a conviction against the responsible parties, with maximum penalties. “Society shouldn't accept anything less.”