As one of our vital organs the liver carries out more than 500 functions in the body. It helps process digested food and controls levels of fat and sugar in the blood. The liver also works to destroy any toxins. Therefore, any problems with the liver can affect several areas of the body. Fatty liver disease is one such problem, which is caused by having too much fat in the liver. If left untreated it can progress to cirrhosis (liver scarring) and even liver failure. Doctor Joseph Ambani, from GlowBar, spoke with Express.co.uk to explain more.  READ MORE: ‘Almost everyone with advanced cancer’ reports the same ‘unbearable’ symptom - warning He said: “Fatty liver disease, also known as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is a condition in which excess fat builds up in the liver. “The most common symptoms of fatty liver disease are fatigue, weakness, weight loss, loss of appetite, abdominal pain or discomfort, and nausea. “However, some people with fatty liver disease may not have any symptoms at all. “In these cases, the condition is often discovered during a routine medical examination.”   If the disease progresses and becomes more severe it can cause other symptoms. This includes frequent contusions, which is the medical term for a bruise. Dr Ambani listed bruising “easily” as a symptom of severe fatty liver disease. Other later stage symptoms include: READ MORE: Woman, 64, felt tired for weeks prior to cancer diagnosis - ‘Thought I was a bit run down’   He added: “It is important to see a doctor if you have any of these symptoms, asfatty liver disease can lead to more serious health problems if left untreated.” “The most effective way to ease symptoms of fatty liver disease is to make lifestyle changes that can help to reduce the amount of fat in the liver,” he said. Losing weight - Losing weight can help to reduce the amount of fat in theliver and improve liver function. Eating a healthy diet - A healthy diet can help to reduce the amount of fat in the liver and improve liver function.  A healthy diet should include plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins. It is also important to limit your intake of saturated fats, trans fats, and added sugars. Getting regular exercise - Regular exercise can help to improve liver function and reduce the amount of fat in the liver. Aim for at least 30 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity on most days of the week. Quitting smoking - Smoking can increase the risk of developing fatty liver disease and other liver problems. Quitting smoking can help to improve liver function and reduce the risk of liver damage. 