Meat Loaf died last January at the age of 74 with his loved ones including his wife, Deborah Gillespie by his side. Deborah has taken to Facebook to share a touching tribute to her husband as she reflected on their 20-year marriage and the "sombre" day. Meat Loaf died on January 20 last year, with his official Facebook page releasing a statement from his wife Deborah on the year anniversary. It read: "Today is an especially sombre day for us all as we acknowledge the passing of my husband on January 20, 2022. "I hope you don’t mind, but I put together a few words to express my sorrow and I am humbled to share them with you. "Oh, how I miss you and wish I could rewind the clock and have you back beside me. Not a day goes by that I’m not thinking of you. READ MORE: Sarah Beeny shares photo in bathtub amid emotional cancer update "No doubt there’s a huge piece of me missing and that’s because you were such an integral and influential part of my life." Deborah then remembered times during their marriage, admitting that the couple were "joined at the hip". She continued: "You could almost say we were joined at the hip because we shared so much together. Heck, you even enjoyed our grocery runs. "It was especially hard getting you out of Costco though. You were like a kid in a candy store. "I am truly blessed to have shared 20 years with you, a life-long gift. I will always love you from the bottom of my heart!" She then signed the heartwrenching message "Deborah" with many fans rushing to the comments to share their condolences. Cheryl Liddell wrote: "My thoughts are with you. Don't think there's been a single day in the last 365 days where I haven't listened to him. Sorely missed. Always remembered." Melinda Barker added: "It's hard to believe it's been a year since his passing. DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash [COMMENT] Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael 'to get full custody' of their twins [INSIGHT] Jennifer Lopez exposes all in sheer dress before outfit change [PICS] "He is a truly missed talent and what he had doesn't come around often. I am so sorry for your loss and so pleased you're keeping his memory alive." Katie Erdhardt West commented: "Incredible music and incredible man, I too wish he was still beside you as we all do. "My deepest condolences. I hope today you take time and remember the love and laughter you shared together. Blessings." Meat Loaf's wife Deborah has previously spoken about life in the aftermath of his death, saying shortly after his passing that she was experiencing "gut-wrenching" grief over the loss of her husband. She told People magazine: "Our life together was an adventure. [...] As much as my heart is in pain right now, my heart is also so full of the love and glory we shared together." Meat Loaf was a very popular rock singer, becoming one of the best-selling music artists worldwide with hits like Bat Out Of Hell, Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell and Bat Out of Hell III: The Monster Is Loose. The first album of the trilogy stayed on the charts for over nine years, as of 2016 still sold an estimated 200,000 copies annually, and is on the list of best-selling albums. He was also awarded a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance for the song I'd Do Anything For Love.