Before you get to your gorgeous destination to relax and unwind, adventure and explore, you unfortunately have to endure the difficult task of squeezing all your favourite vacation clothes into one small space. What is the best way to do this for ease, efficiency and space so your travels run as smoothly as possible? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to tour and trekking guide Eric Peterson about his top tips for packing expertly. He stated: "As a seasoned traveller, I've learned that packing can make or break a trip. "Whether you're trying to fit everything into a carry-on or trying to squeeze in a last-minute souvenir, packing can be a real challenge. "That's why I've developed a few unique and genius packing hacks that have saved me time and space on countless trips." READ MORE: Surprising baggage hack that gives you 'extra kilos to play with'  Eric's first tip was to invest in some vacuum-sealed bags for your next trip. He explained: "The first hack is to use vacuum-sealed bags to compress your clothes. "These bags work by removing the air through a valve, shrinking the size of your clothes and freeing up space in your suitcase. "This is particularly useful for bulky items like coats and sweaters, which can take up a lot of room in your luggage." According to The Travel Hack, this purchase can compress a bag by up to 75 percent. Vacuum-sealed bags also make life easier at the other side of your flight. He said: "I find it to be better than the traditional method of rolling clothes and it makes them wrinkle-free." Using your hotel room's mini iron is one way to ensure a lot of time wasted when you could be out enjoying the surroundings. READ MORE: BA, Aer Lingus and easyJet's best New Year deals - from £14  Eric continued: "The second hack is to use shoe bags to keep your shoes separate from your clothes. "By using a shoe bag, you can keep the dirt and grime off of your clothes and prevent them from getting squished. "Not only does this keep my shoes contained, but it also makes it easy to grab and go when I'm running to catch a flight or train." Shoe bags can be multi-purposed, also used to keep delicate items such as laptops and cameras safe. Finally, he urged holidaymakers to use their shoe bags for storing toiletries. "This is a great way to keep your liquids in one place and make it easy to grab and go through security check. "Furthermore, it also keeps your toiletries organised and easy to access, which is a real time-saver when you're trying to get ready in the morning." Eric Peterson is a tour and trekking guide, and founder of The Savvy Campers.