  Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 48, has made a new admission about her split from husband Clive Owen, 68. The Our Yorkshire Farm stars, who decided to file for divorce last year, share nine children together on a farm in Ravenseat, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire.     The famous Channel 5 couple announced they were going their separate ways back in June. However, a recent interviewer was “surprised” to find that the pair were willing to appear together in a zoom call. Asked if their relationship was now at a more cordial stage, rather than one of bitterness, Amanda spoke frankly about their separation. “Look, there are two simple facts: if he thought I was brilliant, and I thought he was brilliant, then we wouldn’t have separated,” she said. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss     “It’s a fact, isn’t it? But, you know what, that’s not unique, it’s just how things are, pressures, all the rest of it. “But we have nine kids, with associated friends, girlfriends, and we just have to get on with it,” she confirmed in her interview with RadioTimes. During the chat, Amanda also confirmed that it had been a “tough” year for their family. In the interview she also appeared to be exchanging some banter with Clive, joking: “This was my cunning plan so that he can’t accuse me of saying anything awful about him.”      Later, she added: “He’s not smitten with me, are you, Clive?’’ The farmer then reportedly rolled his eyes behind her, before Amanda went on to address whether the pair would be co-parenting. “Call it that if you want, but it’s just a buzzword, really,” she replied frankly. “It just means we take it in turns to shout at the kids.” READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]       Amanda and Clive met in 1996, married in 2000 and went on to have nine children before finally deciding to call it quits. Between them, the couple share: Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, 9, Clemmy, 7, and six-year-old Nancy. The family has starred in multiple television shows, becoming TV favourites thanks to Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm, which aired in 2018. Last year, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation after 20 years of marriage.      “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.    