The Chinese zodiac is made up of 12 animals, and three of them are the luckiest of them all. These are the Pig, Monkey and Dog, who are all very compatible with the Rabbit. According to astrologers, those who are the most compatible with the Rabbit this year will have the most luck. Astrologers at China Highlights have shared more information about the Pig, including its personality traits and what this year has in store for it. The Pig is the 12th sign in the Chinese zodiac and is a symbol of wealth, felicity, honesty, and practicality in Chinese zodiac culture. Many money pots are made pig-shaped as people believe Pig invocation will bring good luck financially. Years of the Pig include 1935, 1947, 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019, and 2031. According to astrologers, Pigs are "diligent, compassionate, and generous". READ MORE: Chelsy Davy 'shared sense of humour' with Kate when dating Harry China Highlights' astrologers continued: "They have great concentration: once they set a goal, they will devote all their energy to achieving it. "Though Pigs rarely seek help from others, they will not refuse to give others a hand. Pigs never suspect trickery, so they are easily fooled. "Generally speaking, Pigs are relatively calm when facing trouble. No matter how difficult the problems are Pigs encounter, they can handle things properly and carefully. "They have a great sense of responsibility to finish what they are engaged in." Each zodiac animal has its own characteristics and not all get on with one another. Some are more compatible than others. When it comes to love, the Pig is most compatible with the Goat, Tiger, and Rabbit. They are attracted to each other and know how to please one another. They are also willing to make efforts for the family, according to astrologers at China Highlights. The least compatible sign for the Pig is the Snake. "This combination is polite to each other, but lack deep connection," the astrologers said. "If getting married, their marriage might not end up in a satisfactory state." READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Numbers the Pig should look out for are two, five, and eight, as well as two digit numbers that contain those numbers. Meanwhile, the Pig's lucky colours are yellow, grey, brown, and gold. It also has two lucky flowers, which are the hydrangea and the daisy. Its unlucky colours are red, blue, and green, while its unlucky numbers are one and seven. As for what lies ahead, the Pig's "overall fortune will be good" in 2023, according to astrologers at China Highlights. They continued: "As long as you pay attention to your health and the risk of loss of property, and work hard, you should have unexpected pleasant surprises and gains. "In 2023, the career horoscope for you is good. You will receive help from benefactors in your career, and will be able to give full play to your talents in projects, thus ushering in a promotion and a salary increase." The astrologers added: "Your romantic fortunes, Pig people, will be on the up this year. Singles born in a year of the Pig, you will have more opportunities to meet the opposite sex. "Married Pigs, your overall family atmosphere will be very harmonious in 2023, and there will be no major disputes, and your relationship with your spouse will continue to heat up."