Vikings Valhalla is back on Netflix and Freydís Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) left behind Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) and Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) to follow another calling. She met a man called Jorundr (Stanislav Callas) who told her she could turn Jomsborg into a new Uppsala. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Jomsborg and its history.  When Freydis arrived in Jomsborg she was met by Lord Harekr (Bradley James) and his wife Gudrid (Yngvild Støen Grotmol). They believed Freydis would bring peace and good fortune to the land and they welcomed her with open arms. However, Harekr's true intentions would later be revealed as he became her biggest enemy. Jomsborg was in fact believed to be a real place and it was a semi-legendary Viking stronghold at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It existed near what is now known as Pomerania between 960 and 1043. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 ending explained as major character dies Those who settled there were known as Jomsvikings, a legendary order of Viking mercenaries or conquerors. They were dedicated to worshipping the Old Norse gods but would fight for anyone who would pay their fees, even if they were Christian. Jomsborg's exact location has not yet been discovered, though it is believed it was located east of the Oder river. Nowadays, the stronghold is thought to be associated with the present-day town of Wolin in northwestern Poland. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series According to the Knytlingasaga and Fagrskinna, Jomsborg was built by the Danish king Harold Bluetooth in the 960s. Medieval records describe Jomsborg as a fortress with a harbour, which was overseen by a stone tower mounted with catapults. According to the Heimskringla, Jomsborg was destroyed in 1043 by the Dano-Norwegian king Magnus the Good. The fortress was burned down and many of those living there were killed. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla’s Freydis star rushed to hospital after injury on set [INTERVIEW]Meet the star behind Lord Harekr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 [INSIGHT]Meet the star who plays Jorundr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 [EXPLAINER] Towards the end of the series, Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) was seen travelling to Jomsborg. Olaf had the intention of wiping its existence, wanting Freydis to suffer for his losses. According to history, Sweyn Forkbeard (Søren Pilmark) and a force of Jomsvikings left Jomsborg to take on jarl Haakon Sigurdsson (Caroline Henderson) of Norway, but were defeated in the Battle of Hjörungavágr around 990. Although Haakon was killed in season one, it seems Forkbeard may find himself caught up in a feud in Jomsborg very soon. Historians still question the accuracy of the stories told by the Jomsvikings. As an exact location for their headquarters is yet to be discovered, and due to the lack of sources specifically mentioning the Jomsvikings or Jomsborg, confirming their history has not been easy. However, there are three contemporary runestones and Old Norse poems that refer to their battles and exploits. By the end of the series, the people of Jomsborg chose Freydis over their true leader, who ended up paying the price for his deceit.  Vikings: Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now