Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag saw Antony rediscover his best form in Friday night’s 3-1 FA Cup win over Everton. The Brazil international, who cost the club a massive £86million back in the summer, ended a 12-game drought for club and country at Old Trafford. And the Red Devils will now be hoping he can kick on, having endured an inconsistent start to life in England. Manchester United had gone into their FA Cup clash with Everton hoping to continue their form, having beaten Burnley, Nottingham Forest, Wolves and Bournemouth since the World Cup in Qatar. And though the Red Devils weren’t at their ruthless best, they were still able to claim victory. Antony opened the scoring for United in the fourth minute, converting from close range after some good work from Marcus Rashford. Conor Coady was able to level for the Toffees 10 minutes later, capitalising following a poor mistake from David De Gea. But the Everton star then netted an own-goal in the second half, with Marcus Rashford netting a late penalty to send United through to the fourth round of the competition. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The Red Devils were enterprising and entertaining during the match, with Everton resilient until Coady’s own goal in the early embers of the second half. And the sight of seeing Antony score will be a boost for Ten Hag, especially given his side’s lack of cutting edge in attack so far this term. When United signed the Samba star back in the summer, he hit the ground running - despite his huge £86m price tag. Ten Hag knew his former Ajax pupil would have to make his mark, having pressured the Glazers into releasing funds for his transfer. The Americans had, back in the summer, then been convinced to bring in Antony because of the winger’s desire to make the move to the Premier League. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Antony then rewarded their faith immediately, scoring in a 3-1 win over Arsenal on his debut to set pulses racing around Old Trafford. And he also bagged in a victory over Everton at Goodison Park, while he scored a consolation in the 6-3 defeat to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. Since then, however, Antony has often struggled. The winger had gone 12 matches for club and country without a goal or assist, with some fans fearing they’d landed a dud as a result. But this was better from the Brazil international, whose early goal gave United lift-off on a difficult night on home turf. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here At £86m, only Paul Pogba has moved to the red side of Manchester for more over the years. But United will now be hoping Antony can produce on a more consistent basis now he’s ended his goal drought. One player who didn’t impress for the Red Devils, however, was De Gea with the veteran looking shaky between the sticks all night. His error that allowed Coady to score was a big talking point and out of character for a goalkeeper who is used to saving shots with his mistake. And Roy Keane hit out at the United star at half time, saying De Gea looked ‘drunk’ as he failed to prevent the goal. “Shocking mistake… it’s shocking from an international goalkeeper,” he told ITV Sport. “De Gea is like carry-on football, it’s like he’s had a few drinks. “It’s almost as if a keeper has been sent off and an outfield player has gone in goal and he doesn’t know what to do. Horrendous mistake.” Ian Wright, who was also working for ITV, then added: “You’re talking about a goalkeeper who was once one of the best with their feet.”