Stefanos Tsitsipas has admitted he hopes Hollywood actress Margot Robbie opts against accepting his offer to attend the Australian Open final. The Greek star has secured his place in Sunday’s showpiece event in Melbourne after seeing off Karen Khachanov 7-6, 6-4, 6-6, 3-6 on Friday. After his quarter-final victory over Jiri Lehecka, Tsitsipas declared his love for Australia and the actress, before inviting her to come and watch him play tennis. "I like a lot of Aussie things. One of my favourite actresses comes from Australia... Margot Robbie,” he said. Amid laughter from the crowd, pundit Jim Courier then responded: "Are you pitching right now? What's happening? Are you making an offer? What are we seeing here?" Tsitispas, 24, then said: "It would be nice to see her here one day.” It is unclear if Robbie will be in attendance for Sunday’s final but after seeing off Khachanov, Tsitsipas was pushed further to see if he had received a response from the Wolf Of Wall Street star. READ MORE: Stefanos Tsitsipas issues warning to Novak Djokovic after reaching Aus Open final  Eurosport’s Laura Robson asked: “I was looking everywhere but there was no sign of Margot Robbie. Did you put any more feelers out? Is the plan for her to turn up for the final now?” But Tsitsipas remained coy, insisting: “The plan is for me to do my job, play good tennis and the rest can come afterwards. I admire her a lot, she is a great actress, I like her work but I am focusing on my own world.” Pushed by Robson on whether her appearance would have a positive or detrimental impact on his game, the Greek star admitted: “I would prefer not to try (playing in front of her). Maybe another time!” DON'T MISSRafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take placeDjokovic's dad breaks silence after being caught in pro-Russia videoNovak Djokovic 'won't miss Roger Federer' as Nadal rivalry heats up Celebrity faces are often seen during the latter stages of the tournament in Melbourne with the likes of Russell Crowe, Will Smith and Prince William pictured at finals in recent years. Microsoft founder Bill Gates was also seen at the women’s semi-finals earlier this week. Tsitsipas remains in a relationship with Theodora Petalas, with the pair enjoying keeping things away from the media spotlight. Although Petalas lives in London, the tennis star recently admitted: ““She comes to some tournaments to support me when she can and so we can spend some time together. She is my best friend.”