Images have emerged of disgraced former police officer David Carrick grabbing a woman at a school reunion, where he was described as behaving in a "predatory" way. Carrick has been in the headlines in the last week after he admitted to a number of rapes and sexual offences spanning between 2003-2020. The Metropolitan Police has also apologised after it was revealed that Carrick came to the police's attention for nine separate incidents. The Mirror has obtained pictures that show the former police officer's long record of inappropriate behaviour towards women. They were taken at a school reunion party held in a pub in Amesbury, Wilts back in 2009. One person who was present at the time described Carrick's behaviour as "predatory" as he desperately tried to take a woman back to his Travelodge. The former friend of Carrick said: “He was going from one to the next, then he’d go back and try again, bouncing from woman to woman. “It was harassment and predatory. “His behaviour makes me feel a bit sick knowing what we now know about him. “One of the husbands wouldn’t leave his wife’s side because he could see how Dave was behaving. I heard him say to her, ‘I’d like to smash one into you and your mate’. “She seemed shocked at what he had said. He was being such a sleazebag and it seemed like he was on an ego trip.  “He kept saying stuff like, ‘The things I want to do to you’. I did think, ‘He’s a police officer, he shouldn’t be coming out with this’. “We hadn’t seen each other for years but I only spoke to him about 20 minutes because all he was interested in was the women.” The former friend added that everyone moved to a different venue but didn't invite Carrick due to his behaviour. A former classmate also told The Mirror that Carrick used to behave inappropriately at school. Trevor Barrett, 48, said: “There was an empty classroom that we sometimes used for drama, and one day my mate and I entered to find Carrick pleasuring himself. He bribed us to keep quiet so the school never found out.” Carrick's crimes have caused yet more damage to the Met's already worsening reputation. This week, the force was ordered to carry out background checks on every officer to try and fix the toxic culture. Home Secretary Suella Braverman ordered the checks to ensure no one “slipped through the net.” She also condemned Carrick for his "sickening crimes", which she says are a "stain on the police". The Home Secretary continued: "We are taking immediate steps to ensure predatory individuals are not only rooted out of the force, but that vetting and standards are strengthened to ensure they cannot join the police in the first place. "Every day, thousands of decent, hard-working police officers perform their duties with the utmost professionalism, and I am sure they all share my disgust at his despicable betrayal of everything they stand for." London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been supported by the Home Secretary as he seeks to have Carrick's pension, worth £22,000 a year, taken off him.