Charles is said to view the three days of events, details of which were unveiled on Saturday, as an opportunity to bring joy and respite from the austerity gripping Britain. A Buckingham Palace source said: “His Majesty understands people are going through some very tough times and wants to do what he can to lift the nation. “He knows people are struggling and wants them to get involved and to celebrate in their own way.” It is understood the monarch, 74, is keen for his younger son Harry to be on the guest list, but it is still not clear whether this will be possible. But two major US TV networks are said to be trying to lure Harry away with a mega-bucks deal to host their coverage of the event. They are preparing multi-million dollar offers for him to join their commentary teams if he decides not to attend the Coronation, according to highly placed studio sources. The three days of events being planned for Saturday May 6 to Monday May 8 will be on a par with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend last June. Charles and Camilla will be crowned King and Queen Consort during a service at Westminster Abbey on the Saturday morning, followed by a procession to Buckingham Palace where they will appear on the balcony with family members. A centrepiece of the celebrations will be a concert featuring global stars at Windsor Castle on the Sunday, with thousands of members of the public and charity volunteers in attendance. The same day, thousands of Coronation Big Lunches will be held by communities and neighbours across the country. In tribute to the King’s public service, The Big Help Out day on the bank holiday Monday will encourage people to try volunteering to support their communities. The events are expected to be televised across the globe and our sources say a golden payday will be on offer for Harry, 38, if he does not return to Britain for the Coronation. If the Duke of Sussex takes the TV role it is tipped to be a guaranteed “ratings blockbuster” and “one of the biggest royal coups of all time”. CBS and NBC are expected to lead the chase to persuade him to join their live coverage teams. CBS - the network that aired his and Meghan’s infamous interview with Oprah – is in pole position. CBS - the network that aired his and Meghan’s infamous interview with Oprah – is in pole position. NBC interviewed Harry two weeks ago before his memoir Spare was published in a headline-grabbing edition of its flagship show 60 Minutes. The insider told this newspaper: “Network bosses are hoping he doesn’t go – and are ready to pay a hefty, seven-figure sum to land one of the biggest royal coups of all time. “One very senior executive told me it would be worth US $5million for the bragging rights alone. “Watching a new King being crowned while his son is on the couch talking viewers through it would be ratings dynamite – even if Harry steers completely clear of controversy and the rift that exists between them.” Our source added: “There is now a massive appetite in America for Britain’s Royal Family, with enormous audiences for recent coverage of the deaths and funerals of Prince Philip and the Queen, as well as her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “Whichever network manages to land Harry will be guaranteed a ratings blockbuster, with an advance advertising blitz that will draw millions more viewers who might otherwise have tuned-in elsewhere.” It would be the latest big-money deals with media companies signed by Harry and Meghan. They are already working with Netflix and Spotify on other projects. Palace insiders have reportedly suggested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex “will absolutely” be invited to his father’s Coronation, despite the bombshells in his bestselling book. But his attendance could pose difficulties for the Royal Family following the release of his controversial memoir. During an interview with Tom Bradby on ITV, Harry was asked if he will come to the Coronation if he is invited and said: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. “But, you know, the door is always open. The - the ball is in their court. “There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can - that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there’s a lot that’s happened in six years. “And prior to that as well.” CBS anchor Gayle King – a guest, along with Oprah, at Harry and Meghan’s wedding – defended them last week on her Sirius XM satellite radio show Gayle King In The House. She said the invitation to the Coronation “remains open” for the couple, saying: “And word is that it probably won’t be rescinded.” She added: “I just think it will be a very chilly reception.” King said of Harry: “He said he still loves his brother and father and is hoping there will be some kind of reconciliation. “But right now they are extremely angry with him. They are carrying on with their public events, but I do hope too, there is a kind of reconciliation with the family.” She continued: “He is saying enough is enough... he accuses the palace and family members of planting stories with the British press that were negative to him and Meghan. And when he would go and say let’s work this out, this has to stop, nothing would change.” Royal biographer and historian Hugo Vickers last week said in an interview he believes the Prince and his family will not attend the historic event, saying: “Harry has made it clear that he has certain conditions before he will accept any invitation. “It is always possible to reconcile if both parties are willing to do so, but I don’t think the Harry side will budge. He’s never wrong about anything, so that’s not a very good start.” On a personal note, Mr Vickers added: “I do hope Harry won’t come, as it could deflect from the ceremony.” CBS and NBC did not return calls for comment last night. Archewell, Harry and Meghan’s independent media production company, did not respond to an email request for comment.