Arsenal have reportedly made Declan Rice their top target for the summer transfer window. The Gunners are claimed to be confident of beating Chelsea to the West Ham star's signature. Rice is out of contract at the London Stadium at the end of next season, though there is an option to extend it by a further year. West Ham will not want to risk losing their prized asset for free so face having to sell him at the end of this campaign. The England international has rejected all offers of an extension with the Hammers so far. Chelsea and Manchester United have long been linked with Rice. He spent time in the Chelsea academy until he was released at the age of 14. Rice is best friends with Chelsea star and England team-mate Mason Mount. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, The Times claims Arsenal are growing in confidence of beating the Blues to Rice. There will be a bidding war for the 24-year-old in the summer due to his contract situation. United could also be involved in the running. But Arsenal are set to prioritise Rice as their top target. The report claims Rice would cost around £80m, lower than West Ham would demand if he had a longer contract with the club. Arsenal believe their position at the top of the Premier League puts them in a good position to win the race against their rivals. Arsenal's 2-0 win in the north London derby at Tottenham on Sunday increased their lead over second-placed Manchester City to eight points. The Gunners still have 20 games remaining to play and have to face City home and away. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Sancho’s next course of action after watching Man City winLeeds close in on third transfer after 'enormous offer' and fourth could followMan Utd's 'discreet' target comes to light after 'follow up' on scouting trips  But supporters are dreaming of a first title since the Invincibles season of 2003/04. Rice would fit in perfectly with the profile of player Arteta has targeted in recent windows. He only turned 24 on Saturday but has already nearly reached 200 appearances in the top flight for West Ham. Rice is said to have rejected three offers of a new contract with his current club which would have earned him over £130,000 a week. Arsenal's confidence over signing Rice does not mean they will overspend for the player. Chelsea beat them to the signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk over the weekend after matching Shakhtar Donetsk's asking price. Chelsea have the financial power to beat the Gunners to Rice. But Arsenal will do as much as they feel necessary to get a deal done. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 