Erik ten Hag says his team are developing the same never-say-die attitude that marked out some of the best Manchester United sides of the past. Last weekend’s victory in the Manchester derby may have been laced with controversy with United’s equaliser sparking fierce debate. But the United boss insisted that the come-from-behind victory epitomised the famous ‘Fergie-time’ spirit that is building in the dressing room. Asked whether the win displayed similar characteristics to some of the most successful sides in the club’s history, Ten Hag was unequivocal. “I am convinced of that,” he said. “Teams need experience to build that mentality, to build that belief, that a game is only over when the ref whistles for the last time. “To stay in the game you have to construct that and you need experiences like this to improve even more and push it even more to a higher level of mentality.” United gained a reputation under Ferguson for turning results around in the final stages of games, most famously in the Champions League final in the treble-winning season in 1999. MUST READ: Jadon Sancho 'gets Man Utd return date' as Erik ten Hag handed boost And while Ten Hag’s side have some way to go to match up to that side, his United go into Wednesday's Premier League clash at Selhurst Park on the back of nine consecutive wins in all competitions. Victory would put them just one more victory way from Ferguson’s best – 11 wins on the trot between January and February 2009. And beating Palace in the capital would move them six points behind leaders Arsenal, who they face at the weekend. And despite playing down their title prospects, Ten Hag has insisted their run of results, and particularly the derby win, demonstrates the players are firmly buying into his plans. DON'T MISS...Man Utd face Alejandro Garnacho contract trouble as Real Madrid lurkMan Utd 'in Declan Rice running' and have done work to beat ArsenalArsenal and Man Utd warned transfer swoops could cost them £125m each The Dutchman added that he has faith in their ability to impose his tactical plan on the pitch. He said: “How I see they transfer the plan to the game I think was brilliant. “To see how they are in possession. We talked about the role of Bruno Fernandes against City but out of possession - how we defended against the front players of Manchester City - it was really good. “Yes, I trust them. They were behind the plan fully, 100 per cent, and controlled the game for long periods in the first half.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE