For the equestrian occasion, Zara Tindall chose a very conservative but elegant look, as she wore her grey "Astoria" tweed coat from designer Jane Atelier which she combined with a forest green turtleneck jumper and a pair of black boots. Zara's shoes were the "Brompton" black suede over-the-knee boots from British luxury brand FAIRFAX AND FAVOR. The royal accessorised her discreet look with a black handbag from the Prince's Trust-supported British brand Charlotte Elizabeth. Zara wore the "Mayflower" crossbody handbag in jet black, which is described by the designer as "the perfect handbag for everyday adventuring". The bag, "made from Italian full-grain leather and handcrafted at the luxury factory in Spain, it’s an investment to last beyond seasonal trends", and retails for £340. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert  A chic headband by Jess Collett Milliner added a touch of glamour to Zara's chic equestrian ensemble. Princess Anne's daughter opted for the "Mazzy" hairband in forest green and gold, which has a price tag of £440. Zara is a fan of headbands and has been seen sporting the piece on many occasions. In fact, a luxe headband can easily turn a plain look into the most stylish outfit. The British brand based in Notting Hill designs "hats and headpieces for all occasions". Commenting on Zara's headband, Jess Collett said: "It’s a chic piece for a more casual meet if you want an alternative to a trilby hat.  "Zara looks so fab in hats - I think she loves to wear them!" Matching the headband's gold embroidery, were Zara's earrings. The royal opted for a pair of delicate gold hoop earrings as her only piece of jewellery, perfect for the casual racing event. Royal fans took to social media to share their thoughts with @nyerica77 saying: "Love her coat but I’m getting a little tired of those headbands." Instagram user @llint3 disagreed saying that they loved the headband but added: "£440 for a hairband WOW." READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' "Uhhhhhh! Love this!! The coats and boots are amazing!!" said @ale_campos_gua and royal watcher @neicie625 commented: "At this point, I primarily wanna see your legs, Zara!!!!!" Zara's outfits divided fans when she visited Australia with her husband Mike Tindall last month following the final of the reality TV show I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!. For various events, Zara wore short dresses that showed off her toned legs and although some said she "has great legs", others opined that the dresses "were too short". Zara seemed to enjoy the Festival Trials Day at Cheltenham Racecourse which included nine exciting races. Her mother Princess Anne's enduring love for horses was passed down to her as both are very competitive horse riders. Princess Anne was the first member of the Royal Family to compete in the Olympics and Zara was the first one to win a medal. During a recent interview, she explained: "I love riding for my country; those have been the best experiences of my career. Sitting on a horse that you know is good enough, you are fully prepared, riding for your country, it's what your dreams are made of," Zara told Horse and Hound magazine.