Mick Carter (played by Danny Dyer) and Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) once ran the Queen Vic together in harmony. However, in recent years they gave up the pub when Linda began abusing alcohol and Mick later moved back when he partnered up with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). With Janine having left Albert Square and Mick missing, EastEnders are keen to work out who will take control of the pub BBC viewers are convinced a heartbroken Linda will move on with Alfie Moon (Shane Richie), who has previously owned the Queen Vic. The pair have both worked in the pub and have called it home so isn’t unlikely they could team up. Linda was devastated when Mick married Janine while Alfie has been heartbroken over Kat Slater’s (Jessie Wallace) romance with Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden). EastEnders fans think this clears the way for Linda and Alfie to fall for one another. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams Taking to Twitter to speculate on the potential storyline, Dyana posted: “I just caught up with #EastEnders and my heart is breaking for Alfie. “I adore Kat but she will regret her decision. Could Linda be the woman to mend Alfie’s heart?” “#EastEnders Now that Kat has decided to stay loyal to Phil I wonder if my original theory could come true?” tweeted Ryan Glendenning. “Could Alfie and Linda sleep together and run the bar together? We know Alfie sneaks into the pub in a few weeks. Could this lead to Linda's return?” Jo Townsend theorised: “Kat sticking with Phil too, a surprising move. I think maybe necessary for the character development of Alfie. “Perhaps he can have a full time role in the queen vic and maybe get with Linda later in the year #Eastenders.” Miss Cariney B added: “Hopefully Alfie will end up Linda…And run the Vic! Kat will regret choosing Phil in the end! #EastEnders.”  DON'T MISS...EastEnders boss details Stacey Slater and Martin's ‘big story' [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders fans 'work out' dark Lily grooming plot [THEORY]EastEnders’ Zack Hudson diagnosed with HIV [SPOILER] “Knowing #EastEnders, Mick will return on their wedding day or something.” Last week on EastEnders, it was revealed Kat had chosen to stand by Phil’s side after her kidnap horror. Kat had shot DCI Keeble, who kidnapped both her and Tommy Moon, and the officer agreed to drop her vendetta against the Mitchells if they took her to hospital. Alfie tried to convince Kat to leave Phil and Walford but she refused. Confronting Phil she begged him to protect her kids and told him: “Don’t let me regret this.” She went back to tell Alfie: “I made my bed and I'm going to lie in it." Alfie was heartbroken, telling Kat there was no way back for them and he hoped she won’t regret her decision. EastEnders airs Monday-Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.