Although the numbers are relatively small – about 14 Leopards from the Germans initially with the promise of more to come, plus 31 M1 Abrams from the USA – together with the 14 Challenger 2s already promised by the UK, they will be a welcome addition to Ukraine’s tank fleet. The hope is, of course, that other countries will now feel enabled to join in. This is good news and will allow Ukraine to sustain its struggle against the Russian invaders. What has been promised so far in terms of both tanks and infantry fighting vehicles (IFVs) like the American Bradley and German Marder will probably be sufficient to equip two armoured brigades, a considerable enhancement to Ukraine’s fighting power. But before the UkrAF are able to contemplate mounting a proper strategic offensive to throw their enemy out of their territory, some other military equipment which Zelensky has been asking for also needs to be sent to Ukraine. More tanks and IFVs are clearly required but some other arms and equipments are crucial for Ukrainian victory.Most important of all is the provision of modern military aircraft, including fast jets and attack helicopters. Ukraine’s air force presently fields mainly Russian-built models and is heavily outnumbered by its enemy’s inventory. Being able to secure at least local superiority is an essential prerequisite for the sort of armoured manoeuvre warfare that would come with a spring or summer offensive.The obvious candidate to boost the Ukrainian fast jet force is the American F-16 Fighting Falcon. This is a single-engine, highly manoeuverable, supersonic, multi-role tactical fighter aircraft, smaller and lighter than many competitors but widely available and sold by the US to at least twenty-five other countries. It is exactly the right ‘plane for Ukraine. Whether the USA will be prepared to donate some of its AH-64 Apache attack helicopters is another thing altogether. There’s little doubt that this aircraft is extremely capable and impressive, but its reputation has been forged largely in conflict where the enemy doesn’t really have the capacity to fire back. It has proved to be useful against assorted jihadists and ne’er do wells in sandy places like Afghanistan and Iraq, but when up against the real deal it’s a different story. I don’t think the Americans will risk it in Ukraine, but possibly they might send some of their Blackhawk utility helicopters which will be most welcome.Also required by the UkrAF are more long range, precision, artillery and missile systems. The obvious candidate here is the US ATACMS missile, which has a 300 kilometre range and would allow Ukraine to inderdict, for example, the bridge across the Kerch Strait between Russia and Crimea with great accuracy. An additional advantage here is that it can be launched from the GMLRS and HIMARS equipments already in service with the UkrAF. The other major item which the UkrAF requires in spadeloads is ammunition. Estimates very as to the exact statistics on how much has been expended by both sides over the past year, but I think it’s fair to say that it has been more than most people expected and far in excess of peacetime estimates. It comes as no surprise, therefore, that western governments and arms manufacturers are now frantically attempting to replenish what has been already sent to Ukraine and also to boost national stockholdings. The problem here is that it can’t just be done overnight, and in some cases manufacturing facilities which have been closed now have to start opening up from scratch all over again. National resilience in terms of both military and industrial capacity has become the buzzword in political and military circles, and it looks as if it will take months, if not years, for arms manufacturers in the west to get back up to speed. So, in summary, whether the USA will mirror Germany’s decision to send Leopard 2 tanks and allow the transfer of F-16s, Apache attack helicopters, and ATACMS to Ukraine remains to be seen, but they would undoubtedly help bolster UkrAF capabilities ahead of the expected spring offensive. At the same time the arms industry needs to rise to the challenge, backed by increases in western nations’ defence budgets which we are now beginning to see.NATO and the west have, arguably, been asleep for too long to the dangers now manifesting themselves in eastern Europe. Time to wake up.