Rafael Nadal got defensive as he made a surprising claim that he wasn’t “impressed” by Jack Draper during their Australian Open match because he already knew just how good the British No 3 could be. The top seed downed the 21-year-old 7-5 2-6 6-4 6-1 for his first win of the season and was full of compliments for Draper as he urged reporters not to mis-quote him. Nadal started his Australian Open title defence with a win as he came through a tough first round against Draper in three hours and 41 minutes as the young Brit struggled with cramping in the final set. It was the world No 2’s first victory of the year after suffering the worst start to a season in his career with two losses at the United Cup. The Spaniard was more than happy to get through the match after explaining just how tough of an opponent the world No 38 was leading up to the match, branding him one of the hardest players a seed could face. And he continued his praise of Draper after the match, getting defensive as he explained why he wasn’t impressed by the Sutton native’s performance in what was his Australian Open debut. “I mean, I am not impressed because I know he was well. He was a very good player,” the 22-time Grand Slam champion explained. And he quickly made sure to clarify his comments before they were taken out of context, smiling as he added: “Don't put me I'm not impressed. I didn't say that.” JUST IN: Kyrgios' camp admit he could've played Aus Open as details emerge During his on-court interview, Nadal predicted a bright future for Draper and he doubled down on his comments during his post-match press conference. “I mean, as I said before the tournament start, he's a great player with a lot of potential, young,” he continued. “A great future in front, I think. So was a tough, tough match. Full respect for him. Wish him well for the future.” The top seed in Melbourne also addressed Draper’s issues in the final set but thought they wouldn’t stop him from continuing his rise this year after going from No 265 to No 41 in the world in 2022. He added: “I think it's only cramping what happened at the end to him. Hopefully is nothing important. But I think he is in the right position to have a very productive season. I am happy that I was able to win against a great player this afternoon.” DON'T MISSAustralian Open star causes stir among fans with audacious Nike outfitDjokovic cancels practice session as Australian Open worries growCoco Gauff talks up Emma Raducanu pressure as wonderkids set to clash   Looking at the match as a whole, Nadal admitted it was even sweeter to get a victory over such a tough opponent for his first match win of the season. “I need a victory, so that's the main thing. Doesn't matter the way. The most important thing today is a victory against a tough opponent,” he said after dropping a set to the 21-year-old. “To win against Jack, as I said before the tournament start, have been one of the toughest first rounds possible being seeded. We know not going to be perfect, as I said the other day. Was not perfect. “But to win against Jack, I need to do things well, no? I think I did things well. So satisfied with the victory because that's give me the chance to play after tomorrow again.” 