The Kremlin has reacted furiously to claims made by Boris Johnson that Putin threatened to kill him with a missile in a phone call prior to his invasion of Ukraine. The former Prime Minister alleged that Putin told him "I don't want to hurt you, but with a missile, it would only take a minute". However, the Kremlin's spokesman accused Mr Johnson of lying, telling reporters what he said was not true.   Mr Johnson made his remarks in a new BBC Two series that examines the West's relations with Russia in the years before the war. The former leader of the Tories recalled how he warned Putin of the disastrous consequences of any decision to invade Ukraine while on a visit to Kyiv. He said the West would impose sanctions and increase its support for Ukraine, leading to "more Nato, not less Nato" on Russia's borders. Prior to his decision to attack Ukraine, Putin had delivered a number of ultimatums to Western leaders. Chief among them was a demand for Nato to withdraw to its pre-1997 borders. Putin has always tried to claim that his war in Ukraine was a response to aggressive Nato expansionism. Putin's invasion of Ukraine has led to Sweden and Finland, formerly neutral countries, applying for Nato membership.  Mr Johnson recalled: "He said, 'Boris, you say that Ukraine is not going to join NATO any time soon. "'What is any time soon?' and I said 'Well it's not going to join NATO for the foreseeable future. You know that perfectively well'." "He sort of threatened me at one point and said, 'Boris, I don't want to hurt you, but with a missile, it would only take a minute', or something like that. "I think from the very relaxed tone that he was taking, the sort of air of detachment that he seemed to have, he was just playing along with my attempts to get him to negotiate." Earlier in January, the former Prime Minister made an unannounced visit to Ukraine. During his trip, he visited the towns of Borodianka and Bucha, where the Russians committed a number of atrocities against the civil populations. READ MORE: Tory MP warns over 'dire state' of UK Army after damning US comment He later held informal talks with President Zelensky and some of his ministers. Mr Johnson said it was a "privilege" to be invited to visit the country. In a statement, he said: ""The suffering of the people of Ukraine has gone on for too long. "The only way to end this war is for Ukraine to win - and to win as fast as possible. "This is the moment to double down and to give the Ukrainians all the tools they need to finish the job." DON'T MISSPutin warns Boris it would 'only take a minute' in death threat  [REVEAL] Putin readies feared elite tank regiment for new Ukraine offensive [SPOTLIGHT]Belarusian dissident fighters in Ukraine risking 'sadistic torture'  [INSIGHT]  Some observers criticised Mr Johnson's visit, claiming he was trying to upstage Britain's current incumbent of No 10, Rishi Sunak. However, a spokesperson for Mr Sunak said the Prime Minister was "supportive" of the visit. Mr Johnson has developed a warm personal relationship with President Zelensky. As Prime minister, he was quick to provide military support to the Ukrainians. The UK initially sent thousands of Next Generation Light Anti-Tank Weapon (NLAW) systems to Kyiv.