The National Grid ESO’s Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) kicked off for up to an estimated one million households from 5pm to 6pm this evening (January 23). While this may have come as a disappointment for those whose energy supplier isn’t signed up for the scheme and weren’t given the option to get involved, energy expert Loop is providing millions more with the opportunity to join through its Turn Down and Save scheme instead. While the National Grid’s DFS scheme, which was introduced to avert blackouts, was initially launched in November, it had its first proper event today, aiming to reduce the demand on the National Grid during peak times. The scheme incentivises households to reduce or move their electricity usage out of peak hours, following a signal from the ESO. However, not all utility companies are offering access to DFS schemes and some of those who have signed up are still limiting the number of customers that can join their schemes - even if they fit the criteria.  READ MORE: Three energy firms exposed as £400 energy vouchers sit unclaimed  But not all hope is lost, as “any household with a smart meter” can access the National Grid’s scheme via Loop’s Turn Down and Save scheme instead, which is part of the National Grid initiative. This means an additional 12.9 million households could take part and earn rewards until the end of March when the scheme ends. Steve Buckley, head of data science at Loop said: “We encourage households to check if they are eligible for the scheme as there are still opportunities to earn rewards. "People can earn rewards today by making small changes, such as opting to use their washing machine, dishwasher and other high-energy appliances at different times than normal.  DON'T MISS: Remove window and door draughts in minutes with energy-saving methods [EXPLAINED]UK pensioners much worse off than European counterparts [ANALYSIS]'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 money tips could save £50' [INSIGHT]    “Households should avoid using anything that creates heat - so minimise your use of appliances like electric heating, electric oven and hob, air fryer, slow cooker, toaster, washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher, immersion heater, kettle and hair dryer etc.” He continued: “You should also avoid charging anything, most notably electric vehicles and keep as many lights off as possible. “It’s not only about reducing your usage, but also about changing when you use electricity away from peak times - so if your heating is electric, warm up your home ahead of the National Grid event, and save your cooking or laundry until afterwards.” With the next energy-saving session scheduled to take place tomorrow, Mr Buckley said: “We would urge all households with a smart meter to sign up to Loop and participate in future Turn Down and Save events.  READ MORE: New energy bill savings app rewards you with shopping vouchers  “It’s free to join and there will still be the opportunity to earn worthwhile rewards - on average Loop users cut their energy bills by 15 percent, so there are real savings to be made.” In November, smart meter app Loop launched its own Turn Down and Save scheme as part of the National Grid’s initiative. Turn Down and Save rewards Loop customers for using less electricity this winter and could see a typical customer earn £100, which is the estimated reward provided by National Grid ESO based on 12 energy-saving sessions.  Those with higher average usage during peak times – for example, larger households, or those with electric vehicle charging or electric heating – could earn more by shifting usage outside of peak hours. By reducing load during peak times, fewer expensive electricity generators will be required over that period, helping National Grid save more energy and Loop customers earn rewards. The next Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) event is scheduled to take place tomorrow, January 24, and will run between 4.30pm and 6pm. 