Tottenham have risked Antonio Conte’s fury after reportedly halting their talks to sign Sporting Lisbon wing-back Pedro Porro. Conte is on the hunt for new faces during the winter transfer window after his side fell out of the Premier League top four. Tottenham enjoyed their best-ever start to a Premier League season. But the wheels appear to have fallen off in recent weeks and the Lilywhites are now fifth in the top-flight table after winning just two of their last seven matches. Spurs were said to be close to landing Porro before the end of the week after Conte apparently took a shine to the 23-year-old. But, according to Sky Sports, the Lilywhites have now cooled their interest due to Sporting’s insistence that the north London giants pay his full £40million release clause. Tottenham like the ace but are not willing to continue negotiations on Sporting’s current terms. So a deal remains some way off. READ MORE: Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea 'really advanced' with Blues on cusp of deal   Porro, who spent three years with Manchester City, featured twice against Tottenham in the autumn as the Premier League side went head-to-head with Sporting in the group stages of the Champions League. Sporting won the clash in Portugal 2-0 before battling to a 1-1 draw in London. Conte is in desperate need of a new right wing-back after failing to settle on a first-choice player in the position. Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal have shared the position this season, while summer signing Djed Spence is also available after moving to the capital from Middlesbrough. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January    Porro initially joined Sporting from the Citizens on loan in August 2020. And following two excellent seasons in Portugal, the player was snapped up on a permanent deal at the start of last July. The talented star has bagged 11 goals and 19 assists in 93 games for Sporting and is known for his attacking ability in front of goal. Tottenham, meanwhile, were flying a few months ago after winning five of their first seven matches. But they endured a nightmare run ahead of the break for the World Cup and have been out of form since Premier League football returned last month. In October, Conte’s side lost to Manchester United and Newcastle, before going down to a defeat to Liverpool in November. And on Boxing Day they could only secure a 2-2 draw with Brentford after falling two goals behind. The Lilywhites also fell two goals behind against Aston Villa on Sunday. And on that occasion, they were unable to get back into the game as Villa ran out 2-0 winners. 