KSI has verbally agreed to a fight with David Haye's former opponent Joe Fournier following his brutal first-round knockout of FaZe Temperrr in the Misfits Boxing 4 main event. It took KSI just two minutes and nineteen seconds to dispatch of FaZe Temperrr with his best knockout to date. After a lively start that saw KSI back up his adversary with multiple heavy flurries, the Nightmare settled down and picked his moment to perfection. Luring his opponent into a false sense of security by dropping his hands and presenting an opening, KSI exploded forwards with a violent 2-3 combination that sent Temperrr down and out. After the fight, KSI took to the mic to call out his next fight but before he could reel off a list of names, entrepreneur and professional boxer Joe Fournier gatecrashed the interview. "London. Who wants to see him fight a real boxer?" said Fournier. "That might work on a guy that plays video games but not on me, I don't want you fighting no one else, I'm here."   "You want to be next? We'll see. I'm down," responded KSI as he shook hands with Fournier. "I mean people came to me going 'Yo I want Slim, he's going to destroy KSI.' Really? "I mean, I don't know, Tom Zanetti made him work for it, Ryan Taylor made him work for it. So what, you think Slim's on my level? Nah. MORE BOXING NEWS... OnlyFans star Brooke makes quick work of Ordway in bloody bout KSI names Fury on 'huge' hitlist just hours before Temperrr bout Fury vs Joshua gets new potential fight date with Hearn open to talks "But yes I needed to be tested, I need more tests before I reach the final level, the final boss, Jake motherf****** Paul. That's the end game, that's the end game ladies and gentlemen. I said I wanted it at the end of the year and I will get it. But before then Joe Fournier, Woodley, Slim, whoever it is I will destroy." Before Fournier butted in again: "He's not going to make it to Jake Paul. He already beats Jake Paul tomorrow, he ain't going to make it that far anyway." Fournier would no doubt serve as KSI's toughest test to date. The British businessman is 9-0 as a professional boxer and has shared the ring with former heavyweight and cruiserweight world champion Haye, in an exhibition bout back in 2021. There were rumours that he was set to replace Dillon Danis after he pulled out of the main event but Temperrr stepped up instead. Now, he is in a prime position to make the fight happen later this year.  