Moss and lichen often grows on rough surfaces like driveways because the surface not only retains moisture but the uneven surface provides excellent protection for moss to grow. Moss and algae also thrives and grows on damp surfaces where cars, caravans or vans park - especially if the vehicle is rarely moved. The tarmac underneath the vehicle isn’t given the opportunity to dry out so the moss and lichen can continue to thrive. Removing moss often requires specialist products, but there are more natural ways to remove moss without resorting to harsh chemicals. Dri Pak, a company that produces a range of household cleaning and laundry products, has shared how to remove moss from driveways using soda crystals. The experts claimed this is a “simple way” to remove moss from driveways, paths and patios. READ MORE: Four ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ Soda crystals, also known as sodium carbonate, are white odourless water-soluble salts that are often used to clean washing machines. Dri Oak claims the cleaning solution is a “highly popular and effective multipurpose cleaner that delivers across a broad range of domestic and professional environments”. To use soda crystals to banish moss on driveways, homeowners will need a 1kg packet to liberally sprinkle onto their driveway. Firstly, liberally sprinkle the powder onto the driveway. Ensure there is a reasonable layer on top of the green moss. DON'T MISSTime of day when cost of doing laundry can be '50%' cheaper [INSIGHT]Latest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [UPDATE]Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [ANALYSIS] Next, dampen the area where you have sprinkled the soda crystals. Homeowners can either use a watering can or a hosepipe to do this. However, it may not be necessary to dampen the area if the area is already wet from rain. Leave the soda crystals for two or more days until it turns brown in colour. The moss will turn from bright green to dark brown. Next, get a stiff bristled brush to remove the moss from the driveway. Use short sweeping motions to remove the moss from the driveway. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ method to remove ivy from walls without chemicals Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To remove thick moss, you may need a spade. Using a spade, the debris can be directly put into a garden waste bin. If you’re using a brush, you may need to sweep up the debris using a dustpan and brush. You may need to dampen the area again in order to sweep up the moss more efficiently. Once removed, the driveway should no longer be slippery and green. Soda crystals are relatively affordable and can be found in most supermarkets or homeware stores. Dri-Pak Soda Crystals cost £1.25 from Savers, £1.70 from Sainsbury’s and £2 from Asda for 1kg. Wilko sells its own brand soda crystals for £1.50 for 1.5kg. Six packets of Dri-Pak Soda Crystals can also be bought from Amazon for £9.99. Soda crystals can also be used in toilet bowls, sinks and baths, vinyl floors, to soften water and to pre-soak clothes. When using soda crystals in the washing machine, add a tablespoon to the wash to protect the machine from limescale.