David Coulthard has outlined the two big factors behind why he's backing Ferrari to challenge for the F1 title in 2023. The Scuderia, and Charles Leclerc in particular, looked set to be the front runners last season when the Monegasque man won two of the first three races, taking the chequered flag in both Bahrain and Australia. But from there, things derailed badly, with Leclerc and Carlos Sainz managing just two more victories between them in the remaining 19 races. Instead, it was Red Bull man Max Verstappen who stormed to a second successive title, finishing a huge 146 points clear of Leclerc in the drivers' standings. The Italian giants were plagued by a series of strategic blunders, resulting in the departure of Mattia Binotto at the end of the campaign. And with Mercedes resurgent in the latter parts of the season, it is Verstappen and old rival Lewis Hamilton who are being widely tipped to fight it out for the title this year. Former F1 driver Coulthard however, thinks differently. In an interview with Mirror Sport, the Scot defended Ferrari's drop in form, and argued they still have the ingredients to be up there with Verstappen and co in 2023 - namely a quick car and two world-class drivers. JUST IN: Mick Schumacher sends touching message to dad as Michael celebrates 54th birthday "I believe in Ferrari – not in the mystique but in the lap time. They've had the qualifying world championship [in 2022], and their car has been exceptional. Charles was their lead driver for the majority of the year in terms of being able to exploit that performance and I do feel the car has been coming stronger towards the end of the year. "I believe in the drivers and that, because they've designed that car at that pace, they've got the right talent in the team to iron out the issues they have had." The pundit added they have "a very fast Grand Prix car and two very fast and motivated drivers," and will be targeting the world championship. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton opens up on early F1 fear after nightmare 2022 seasonRed Bull's 2023 car details leaked as Christian Horner 'goes back on his word'Lewis Hamilton given stark warning as Damon Hill explains 'uphill battle' facing Mercedes And he also sounded a title race warning to both Verstappen and Hamilton, although didn't name the British driver directly: "I would like to believe that we are going to have a three-way title battle next year," he said. "As strong as Max has been, we are where we are in the closing stages of the [2022] season which are the foundations of next year. So that, to me, feels like we're a lot closer than we were at the beginning of the year."