Prince William made a surprise visit to Snettisham to remember the tragic floods which swept across the east of England 70 years ago. Without notifying the community, he arrived at the Memorial Hall in the Norfolk village, following the footsteps of the late Queen who visited the area to witness the devastation at the time. The natural disaster claimed hundreds of lives along the east coast of England on the night of January 31, 1953. More than 24,000 homes were damaged and 307 people were killed during the floods. At the time, 30,000 Brits were evacuated amid a storm that took place across 1,000 miles of coastline. Queen Elizabeth II visited the town just days after the disaster on February 2, 1953.    William joined locals at the Memorial Hall where he enjoyed coffee and cake while speaking to locals. His visit followed a memorial service at St Mary’s church. The locals were reportedly fond of Prince William and Reverend Dan Tansey described him as "lovely, very friendly and very engaged". "I think he spoke to everyone there," Mr Tansey told Eastern Daily Press. "It was a lovely day. It was such an important day for the village, and the Prince was really glad to hear about the village and everything which had happened.  "He seemed genuinely concerned for the community and for the sorrowful day." The Prince and Princess of Wales own a property not too far from the village, where the couple and their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis often spend holidays. The ten-bedroom Anmer Hall was a grand wedding gift gifted by the late Queen in 2011. During the memorial, William heard the brave story of a teenager called David Bocking who pulled bodies from a beach after the North Sea floods.   Bocking, who organised the event, was just 18 when the floods hit Snettisham. As reported by ITV, Bocking said: "It was about 5pm. My father and I went down to the beach because we had heard water had come over. "It was 100mph winds. We got half a mile away from where father's animals were and we walked into water. We walked in further and it got deeper and deeper. "We all had torches - and we started to see bodies. "The tide had come round and as people had tried to come off the beach along the road, there was a gully with water which was very, very strong, and it just whipped them away." Bocking and his father began removing the bodies from the water.   