In late April last year, James Corden, 44, announced that he was quitting The Late Late Show, with his contract ending in the summer of this year. As he plans his return to the UK alongside his wife Julia Carey and their three young children, James admitted that he is "excited and scared" for the journey he has to come. While James is not expected to return to the UK until later this year, the Hollywood star has given the move a lot of thought. James will be moving back to the UK alongside his wife Julia Carey and their three children: Max, 11, Carey, eight, and Charlotte, five. The talk show host was asked by Josh Horowitz on his Happy Sad Confused Podcast how he felt about returning to the UK with his family after so many years overseas. He replied: "I feel excited and scared in equal measure, which I think is probably a good place to be. I will miss the show, I will miss the show more than I think I can comprehend right now. READ MORE: Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post "I will miss the people that I work with, the friendships that I've made. It was the most extraordinary place to work. "But I just couldn't shake this feeling in myself that I have got to see if there is another thing I am capable of. "I have to make my peace with the notion that this is it and I am okay with that." James also touched on his reasoning for leaving the Late Late Show on The Drew Barrymore Show on Monday evening when he was asked why he was deciding to leave the show now after eight years on the air. In the heartwarming chat, he recalled a conversation he had with his son Max two summers ago when he was leaving for work. "I was filming on a Sunday and I came downstairs, it was about 6 am and my son, who was ten at the time, was sitting on the stairs and he said, 'Are you working today?' and I said, 'I am'. "He said, 'I thought, well it’s Sunday,' and I said, 'I know buddy but this schedule’s just all over the place. We just got to get it done because we only have a tiny amount of time before going back and doing the show'. "His face just kind of dropped. I got in the car and called my wife Jules and I said: 'I’ve realised, best case scenario we have six more summers where Max is like, even remotely wants to be around us and I cannot waste another one.'" DON'T MISS... Jonathan Ross says daughter Betty, 31, is now in wheelchair [COMMENT] Fay Weldon dead aged 91 as tributes pour in for the author [DEATH] Sue Barker admits she 'didn't want to give up' career after Wimbledon [INSIGHT] James told Drew that he couldn't let his work be at the "expense" of his family and wanted to spend more time at home. The UK-turned-US star started his career in the UK on hit sitcoms such as Fat Friends and Gavin & Stacey, which he co-created with co-star Ruth Jones. He also created and starred in The Wrong Mans in 2013 and appeared in the Disney musical Into the Woods in 2014 before he landed The Late Late Show gig in 2015. He has continued to work regularly on the big screen while still hosting The Late Late Show, with roles in Trolls, Peter Rabbit, Ocean's Eight, Cats and Cinderella. He also created the 2020 game show Game On, an American version of the British game show A League Of Their Own. As he announced his departure from the talk show, James' career took a hit back in October when he was banned from a New York restaurant after being accused of "abusive" behaviour. James was allegedly banned for "yelling like crazy" at a server who got his wife's egg yolk omelette wrong, according to Keith McNally, owner of Balthazar. James told The Times about the said incident: "It's been the most surreal moment. I mean, it's so odd. I never screamed at anyone, I didn’t shout, didn't call anyone a name or swear or use derogatory language… How is it remotely a thing?"