NCIS season 20 is currently taking a short hiatus from CBS but there is no need to be concerned. The drama will be back, picking up from where it left off, next week on Monday, February 6. In the meantime, here's all there is to know about one of NCIS' leading actors Brian Dietzen who has been in NCIS since the end of the very first series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS star Brian Dietzen became Jimmy Palmer, medical assistant to Donald "Ducky" Mallard (played by David McCallum) in 2004. He replaced Gerald Jackson (Pancho Demmings) who resigned from the position following his second encounter with terrorist Ari Haswari (Rudolf Martin). This made room for Jimmy to join the team who slowly but surely moved his way up the ranks, with Dietzen becoming a series regular in 2012. Jimmy was then promoted to chief medical examiner when Ducky semi-retired four years ago. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star Brian Dietzen was born on November 14, 1977, making the actor 45 years old. Last year, Dietzen didn't share what his plans were for the day but did take to Twitter to thank those who wished him a happy birthday. He tweeted: "Thanks so much for all the birthday wishes, guys! So very grateful today." One of his fellow NCIS stars is the same age as Dietzen with his birthday just one day after. Actor Sean Murray, who has been in NCIS almost from the very beginning as Agent Timothy McGee, is 45, and was born on November 15, 1977. Regarding his other co-stars, Alden Parker actor Gary Cole is the eldest at 66 years old, followed by Leon Vance star Rocky Carroll at 59. Nick Torres actor Wilmer Valderrama is a couple of years younger at 43 and Jessica Knight actress Katrina Law is 37. The youngest of the current NCIS main cast is actress Diona Reasonover who plays Kasie Hines, aged 31. DON'T MISS...Outlander's Steven Cree on returning without Laura Donnelly [EXPLAINER]Yasmine Al-Bustami has opened up on feeling 'proud' of her heritage [NATIONALITY]Renee Felice Smith is among the shortest NCIS LA stars [CAST] In the police procedural, Jimmy is in a relationship with Agent Jessica Knight, with Dietzen talking about their romance prior to the series 20 premiere. He told Looper: "What I've loved about it so far is that we get to see two people who see something in one another, and they want to know what it's all about. "There's less of a mystery there, less of a 'Oh my gosh, what might happen?' It's just two people who are saying, 'Hey, let's see if there's anything here.' "It's going to be exciting to see what happens between the two of them." Sadly, NCIS hasn't aired this week but will be returning on Monday, February 6, for season 20, episode 13. The synopsis for Evil Eye reads: "In preparation for a role, a world-renowned actress shadows the NCIS team as they investigate a decapitation case." Actress Tania Raymonde and actor Andrew Elvis Miller will guest star as Chloe Marlene and Sam Novak respectively. NCIS season 20 continues on Monday, February 6, on CBS in the USA.