  The incident took place on September 29 2020 during the pandemic, as the couple took their daughter’s two dogs for a walk on their lunch breaks while they were working from home. An inquest into the man’s death is currently ongoing.      Michael Holmes, a 57-year-old Telecoms worker, was killed after suffering 35 rib fractures and lacerations to his heart on a walk he often took with his wife.  Teresa, who worked for children’s services at Leeds City Council, was knocked unconscious and suffered from suffered spinal fractures, spinal cord injuries and fractured ribs. The incident has left her needing a wheelchair and being forced to retire early.      At the inquest, Teresa told the court: “We set off just after 12 with the dogs. Both dogs were used to each other, and we had them both on fixed leads. “We were aware that there were sometimes cattle on the field. Quite often, we would come in the reverse way to the field and we’ve seen cattle and said we won’t go across the field. We’d take a different route. “I don’t remember the incident, which is a good thing really because what happened must have been horrific.” She added that there were signs in the area asking dog walkers to keep their animals on a lead, which made the couple believe it was safe to walk their dogs through the field. READ MORE: Nigel Farage believes Clarkson was 'wrong' to apologise to Meghan      However, once the couple neared the end of the footpath, which is in the middle of a field, they were attacked by the cows. The jury was shown CCTV footage which captured the cows “accelerating” as they approach the couple. The dogs managed to escape the attack and ran away but were later found with their leads still on by a neighbour who raised the alarm. Air ambulances arrived but Michael was pronounced dead at the scene. DON'T MISS:Cops face investigation after traffic stop death [REPORT]Biden forgets name of MLK III's wife while singing 'Happy Birthday' [REVEAL]Diana would be ‘devastated’ by Harry’s actions towards William [INSIGHT]    Teresa also reported that her daughter had to tell her about her husband’s death, and said: “It was a very, very traumatic time, quite isolating.” Speaking about her husband, Teresa told the court that they were childhood sweethearts and were married for 34 years. She said: “He was a family man, he loved his family. His family meant everything to him. He had a very dry sense of humour, and I do miss that. He had his own unique wit.”