Twelve people have died in catastrophic storms in the US - but the freak weather shows no sign of slowing with a "parade of cyclones" set to strike next. Cyclone has become an ominous and ever-present term for Americans after a series of 'bomb cyclones' caused havoc over the last few weeks, claiming dozens of lives. But forecasters with the National Weather Service warn that northern and central California are still in the path of a "relentless" storm, with any relief not set until mid-week. "Two major episodes of heavy rain and heavy mountain snow are expected to impact California in quick succession during the next couple of days in association with two of the more energetic and moisture-laden parade of cyclones that are aiming directly for California," the NWS said. "The heavy precipitation episode currently streaming into central California is expected to be the more robust of the two, resulting in heavy rainfall totals of three to five inches near the coast. "The second episode will quickly arrive on Tuesday with amounts slightly less heavy, but impacting locations farther south into southern California." The NWS added: "The cumulative effect of successive heavy rainfall events will lead to additional instances of flooding. "This includes rapid water rises, mudslides, and the potential for major river flooding." At least 12 people have died in the onslaught of storms in the Golden State, according to California Governor Gavin Newsom. During a winter storm update Sunday, Newsom said to expect the worst of the storm and "very intense weather" in the next 48 hours. "Don't test fate," the Governor said during the Sunday update. "Just a foot of water and your car's floating, you know, half a foot of water and you're off your feet." READ MORE: Bryan Kohberger's former friend speaks out about his alleged drug use Biden approved an emergency declaration for California late Sunday night while he was visiting Mexico during the North American Leaders' Summit. Amid already high winds and heavy rains, the worst of the storms is forecast to hit on Monday. Storm impacts, which began on Sunday evening and are set to last through to Tuesday include life-threatening flooding, landslides, extensive property damages and risks of dam or levee failures. The NWS also issued flood warnings, and advisories about mudslides and high winds of up to 60 mph. DON'T MISS Harry brands Camilla 'dangerous' and a 'villain' in furious attack Idaho quadruple murder suspect applied to join police before killings Prince Harry says people are 'infuriated' he is 'at peace' Since December 26, San Francisco received more than 10 inches of rain, while Mammoth Mountain, a popular ski area in the Eastern Sierra, received nearly 10 feet of snow. The first of the newest, heavier storms prompted the NWS to issue a flood watch for a large swath of Northern and Central California with six to 12 inches of rain expected through to Wednesday in the already saturated Sacramento-area foothills. In the Los Angeles region, scattered rain fell during the weekend while stormy conditions were expected to return Monday, with the potential for up to eight inches in foothill areas. High surf was expected through Tuesday, with large waves on west-facing beaches.