Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is gearing up for Saturday’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. The Red Devils go into the game in fine form, having won all six of their matches since the World Cup in Qatar. So Express Sport now takes a look at how they should line up for the contest, with nine changes expected from midweek. Tom Heaton did well for United on Tuesday, keeping a clean sheet as the Red Devils cruised to a 3-0 win over Charlton in the Carabao Cup. But, when it comes to the Premier League, that is David De Gea’s territory. The Spain international has been ever-present between the sticks this term and has started every match in the top flight so far. Therefore, it’s hard to see anyone but De Gea starting the showdown with City. He’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of what’s happened twice before in derby fixtures, however. Both last year, and in 2011, he shipped six goals as his team slumped to defeat. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United have seen Aaron Wan-Bissaka impress in recent times, with his form meaning he won’t be leaving the club this winter. And with Diogo Dalot injured, it’s reasonable to expect the former Crystal Palace star will get the nod at right-back. United started with Harry Maguire and Lisandro Martinez for the victory over Charlton, with both stars playing the full 90 minutes. However, while Martinez is expected to start, Varane is primed to come in for Maguire. Likewise Luke Shaw with Tyrell Malacia, too. The England international has been back to his best this term, having previously struggled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United are expected to change all three of their midfielders for the blockbuster match with City. Scott McTominay started the reverse fixture at the Etihad but had a nightmare day at the office. And with the Scotland international struggling to get back into the team ever since due to Casemiro’s brilliance, it’s likely he’ll be placed on the bench. Christian Eriksen should be restored to the team at the expense of Fred, even if the Samba star did well enough during midweek. And Bruno Fernandes is a shoe-in to start the game, with youngster Kobbie Mainoo battling to make the bench. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag confirmed on Friday that Anthony Martial was training, having suffered a knock in midweek. And with the Red Devils short on firepower, especially with Wout Weghorst unavailable, we’re expecting the France international to get the nod up top. Antony has returned to form with recent goals against the likes of Charlton and Everton. And with Jadon Sancho still sidelined, Alejandro Garnacho inexperienced and Anthony Elanga unimpressive, he’s set to keep his spot in the team. Marcus Rashford will likely go on the left of the club’s attack, with the England international currently in the form of life. Ten Hag spoke out at a press conference on Friday. And, when asked what has changed since the game earlier in the season, he responded by saying: "It was a lesson, we took the lesson and from that point on we have made huge progress. "I think that game was a setback, it is always about you have to act, to deliver. "You have to go through certain steps, you need a clear vision, a clear point where you want to go...a direction. "Then it is about development."