Russian propagandist Vladimir Solovyov lost it on live television as he slammed British plans to send "game-changing" tanks to Ukraine. Earlier this week, it was revealed that British defence secretary Ben Wallace was leading discussions with Western allies on how to send “game-changing” tanks to Ukraine in a bid to finally win the war. Mr Solovyov, who has close ties with the Kremlin and Vladimir Putin's inner circle, said that the decision turned the Russian invasion of Ukraine "into a fully-fledged Third World War". He called on Russia to label the deployment of Western tanks in Ukraine a "red line". The propagandist said Russia should carry out tactical nuclear strikes on British military bases which hold the tanks. The Putin ally said: "We are not carrying out strikes on NATO because we say NATO will get involved then. "But in what other way will they get involved? Now they are sending tanks!" JUST IN: Russian general forced to back Wagner Group over ‘internal power play'  Mr Solovyov continued: "Poland has just announced this. It doesn't matter how many tanks England gives to Ukraine. Our red line should be straightforward. "Poland has taken the decision to send tanks! Britain has taken the decision too. "Any military target in France, Poland, or Britain - we should officially declare it a legitimate target for our strikes! "If we know there are tanks being ready to be sent to the war with Russia, we should make sure there isn't any military equipment there as a result of our strikes.  "If required, we should use tactical nuclear weapons. Will we wait for thousands of tanks to appear on our territory? "We should smash them on the way in and that's it." The clip was shared by the BBC's Francis Scarr, who added: "Another day, another nuclear threat from Vladimir Solovyov. "He says Russia should respond to Poland, France, and the UK sending tanks to Ukraine by firing missiles (tactical nuclear ones 'if required') at military sites on their territory." DON'T MISS:Putin's million-pound military drone crashes into Russian power lines [REACTION]POLL – Should Rishi Sunak 'stand up' to the European Research Group? [POLL]Spare book review: Is Harry's bombshell book actually any good? [REVIEW]  Western allies, including Poland, France and the UK, finally accepted Ukraine's long-standing demands to send tanks. Ukraine’s most senior military commander, General Valery Zaluzhny, has said it needs some 300 Western tanks and about 600 Western armored fighting vehicles to make a difference. One Western official said Ukraine needs tanks and armored vehicles in order to win back territory occupied by Russia once the weather improves in early spring. Rishi Sunak’s official spokesman told reporters that the UK was “accelerating” its support for Ukraine “with the kind of next-generation military technology that will help win this war". He said tanks could be a “game-changing capability,” with the UK looking supply Kyiv with ten Challenger II tanks. 