Christian Horner has called out FIA boss Mohammed ben Sulayem for not holding talks with F1 bosses. The Red Bull team principal said it was important the FIA can “find alignment” with F1 chiefs as he urged both sides to have a “sensible conversation”. It comes after both the FIA and F1 have clashed over Andretti’s plan to enter the F1 grid before the sport's new 2026 regulations. He told RACER: “You can understand the FIA, they’ve got no financial consequence of this because they don’t participate in the prize fund, and they’d receive further entry fees for more teams coming in. “So you can understand the FIA potentially wanting more teams on the grid. But I think they need to find alignment with the commercial rights holder, and the 2026 Concorde Agreement would seem the right place to deal with that. “It just needs all parties to have a sensible conversation and agree something that is practical and workable.” Ben Sulayem has backed Andretti-Cadillac's bid to join the F1 grid before the new regulations in 2026. READ MORE: Valtteri Bottas claims FIA 'want to control' drivers The president claimed teams should be “encouraging” prospective entries from global manufacturers like General Motors (Cadillac). However, F1 bosses issued a more lukewarm message, claiming the bid still needed to be assessed by “relevant stakeholders”. Team bosses have also raised concerns over fears a new entry would dilute the sport’s prize money. As things stand, 10 teams divide F1’s commercial rights between them but an 11th team would lower the potential profits. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has also suggested the team would be against the bid over fears finances would be “diluted”. Horner has also claimed that F1 owners Liberty Media should shoulder the financial burden and not the teams. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen dealt blow as F1 scrap new rule change he liked  [INSIGHT]David Coulthard backs FIA decision over new 2023 F1 rule change  [ANALYSIS]FIA chief Ben Sulayem comes under fire for old sexist comments [COMMENT] The confusion comes amid another fallout between F1 and the FIA over the future of the sport. F1 owners Liberty media hit back at Ben Sulayem after he described a £16billion ($20bn) price tag on a potential Saudi takeover bid as “inflated”. Liberty Media suggested they could take legal action over the comments and suggested they had the “exclusive right” to exploit F1’s “commercial rights” Meanwhile, Ben Sulayem hit back at the comments as he revealed F1 was owned by the FIA and had only been “rented out”.