It’s been half a year since the Elvis movie hit cinemas and as awards season begins with the Golden Globes tonight, director Baz Luhrmann and King star Austin Butler are ever hopeful to pick up some gongs. Just this past Sunday was what would have been Elvis Presley's 88th birthday, which his daughter Lisa Marie Presley celebrated with fans outside Graceland. There, the 54-year-old shared how “very proud” her father would have been of the movie before she flew back to Los Angeles for a special birthday party in his honour with Austin and Baz. Lisa Marie has returned to the public eye after having stepped back two years ago following the tragic death of her 27-year-old son Benjamin Keough, who is now buried by his grandfather at Graceland. Elvis’ daughter was joined by Austin and Baz as they attended the pre-Golden Globes Awards birthday party on Sunday evening at West Holiday's Formosa Café, an establishment that The King used to frequent. Today, the film’s director has shared a video of the exclusive bash, which was also attended by Elvis’ granddaughter, Riley Keough. On the footage, which included a huge birthday cake, Baz said: “It was so great to share ELVIS’ birthday with Lisa Marie Presley, Riley, friends, family and all those that, in the spirit of ELVIS went out to the theatres. It was indeed a happy birthday and celebration of a legacy!” Both he and Austin are up for awards tonight at the Golden Globes. Elvis is nominated for three Golden Globe Awards: Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director – Motion Picture and Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama. Looking at the odds, Elvis is 14-1 to win Best Picture and Baz is 9-1 to bag Best Director. However, Austin is very much odds-on at 1-2 to pick up Best Actor for his stunning performance as The King, over Brendan Fraser for The Whale. Often this awards ceremony gives a good idea of who will go on to win the Oscar. However, the Elvis star is third most likely in the Academy Awards odds on 5-1 behind favourite Fraser on 4/5 and The Banshee of Inisherin’s Colin Farrell on 11-4. Whatever the case, Lisa Marie adored the cinematic biopic of her father’s life for “finally getting him right”, as shared in her glowing review. READ MORE: Elvis Presley – Lisa Marie on still having Thanksgiving at Graceland In an emotional Instagram post last year, Lisa Marie said of the Elvis movie: “Let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever.” The King’s daughter also spoke of welling up watching the film with her three daughters. DON'T MISSElvis ate the same meal every day for six months, Priscilla claims [ELVIS FOOD]Graceland upstairs – Elvis' bed modified by Priscilla to avoid injury [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS]Elvis Presley kept donkeys in Graceland's swimming pool [ELVIS ANIMALS] Lisa added: “What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced. It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way.”