Leandro Trossard has been offered to the Premier League's biggest clubs after entering the final six months of his Brighton and Hove Albion contract. And Liverpool, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur are among those who have made their level of interest clear. Trossard has enjoyed his best season since joining Brighton in 2019, registering seven goals and three assists in 16 Premier League games. His impressive exploits have garnered mass attention on his future, with his Seagulls deal set to expire in July. And the 28-year-old winger's agent is working overtime to attempt to seal a blockbuster switch to one of the country's biggest clubs this month. According to CBS Sports, Trossard's representatives are 'actively and aggressively' offering his services across the Premier League. However, Liverpool and United 'very quickly' confirmed they had no interest in pursuing his signature in the January transfer window. And Newcastle United also rejected the idea of making a move, with Eddie Howe preferring a younger option in the market. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Tottenham, on the other hand, are interested in signing Trossard. So much so the Mail report the north Londoners have accelerated talks over a January deal. The Belgium international's agent has made it clear he wants to leave the Amex Stadium, so he would likely snatch at the opportunity of a high-profile switch if it arose this winter. It's claimed that Chelsea could emerge as contenders for Trossard, with Todd Boehly ready to bolster Graham Potter's attacking options. The Blues are expected to sign Joao Felix on loan until the end of the season but are also thought to want a wide option. Earlier this month, Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi suggested he wasn't happy with Trossard's work rate amid rife speculation about his future. DON'T MISS: Brighton chief pokes fun at Liverpool's Moises Caicedo 'transfer bid'  "I think he's one of the best players for us and one of the most important players for us," De Zerbi told The Athletic. "I'd like to always play with Leo in the first 11, but it doesn't depend only on me. It depends on Leo." He added: "I like him as a player, but I want more from him because he can play better, he can work harder, he can run more on the pitch. "I want players who give 100 per cent in every training session and every game. Without these characteristics, then they can't play with me." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here