Manchester United fans have urged Erik ten Hag to let Anthony Elanga leave for Borussia Dortmund this month to 'revive his career. Elanga needs minutes, and the Bundesliga giants have pushed in front of the queue to recruit him on loan until the end of the season. The 20-year-old winger regularly featured for United after breaking into the first team last season, while Ralf Rangnick suffered from a lack of options. But Alejandro Garnacho's emergence, Marcus Rashford's return to form, Anthony Martial's stay, and Antony and Wout Weghorst's arrivals have made him a bit-part player under Ten Hag. Elanga has started just five Premier League games this season and is thought to be keen to temporarily move elsewhere to aid his development. According to Fabrizio Romano, Dortmund are battling Everton for his loan signing, and the Sweden international would prefer a switch to the former. He is awaiting United's decision on whether to ship him off until the end of the season, with Pellistri also targeted by loan suitors. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE With inconsistent game-time affecting his form this term, many United supporters have urged the club to let him leave for Dortmund before the winter deadline. @CwecuChris tweeted: "They'll revive his career." While @jennaGottfans_ wrote: "Let him go get some game time and regain his form." @mat_chadder added: "You just know this player would become an absolute star at Dortmund!" And @da_spizy said: "Let him go to Dortmund and learn football." @RiddlerSalman posted: "We should do a two-year loan deal so Dortmund can develop him into a special player." Ten Hag could be waiting for Jadon Sancho to return to contention before sanctioning Elanga's loan departure. DON'T MISS: Besiktas boss brutally says Dele Alli 'doesn't deserve to play'  The 22-year-old returned to United team training this week and could feature in the upcoming Carabao Cup semi-final tie against Nottingham Forest or FA Cup fourth-round clash with Reading. Reports claim the Red Devils would rather keep Pellistri, despite other interest in his services, after he impressed on his debut against Charlton Athletic. But once Sancho is back in the frame, Ten Hag will have adequate depth in all three attacking positions, opening the door for Elanga and Pellistri to gain experience elsewhere. The £72m man can challenge Antony for a spot on the right, with Rashford and Garnacho sharing the left-wing berth and Weghorst and Martial as the strikers. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here