Although priming is part of the preparation process when it comes to painting, many DIYers are unaware that they need to prep before they start priming too. Michael Rolland, DIY expert and MD of The Paint Shed, has shared a “simple” step-by-step guide to prepare your surface for priming. The expert explained: “Before beginning to prime, you need to ensure the surface is completely free from dirt, dust, grime, mould or anything else that could affect the end result. “Sugar soap and water can be used to clean away any dirt, grease or even nicotine training on interior surfaces. “To do this, simply make a sugar soap dilution or use a pre-made spray and wipe the area with a clean damp cloth. “Once the dirt has been removed, give the surface another wipe to ensure remaining traces of the sugar soap have been removed. READ MORE: Kitchen pros share five ‘simple’ tips to save money on bills “When it comes to mould, you will need to use a bleach solution or a fungicidal wash to clean the affected areas thoroughly. Without treatment, eventually mould will seep through and ruin work.” For external surfaces, it is recommended to use a pressure washer to blast away any dirt which may be present on the surface. You can also use a stiff-bristled brush to scrub which will loosen the dirt as you go. If you have mould present on the outside, Michael said to avoid using bleach as this can be harmful to wildlife. He added: “Instead, spray undiluted white vinegar on the affected areas and leave for one hour. DON'T MISS:Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [COMMENT]Dry laundry with ‘brilliant’ sheet method - dries in ‘half the time’ [INSIGHT]10 DIY tips when painting to achieve a ‘professional finish’ [EXPLAINER] “Also, be sure to cover your plants for this stage as vinegar is a natural weed killer. You can also use a fungicidal wash on exterior surfaces or a sterilisation wash.” Once the surface is clean, the next step is to repair anything which needs it. This includes small nicks and chips as well as filling any damage. Michael said: “To repair small nicks and chips in interior walls, a general purpose or fine surface filler by filling the damage, scraping off the excess and smoothing flat when dry. “A similar process can be followed for wood repairs too. Use a wood filler to fill the damage to the wooden surface then scrape off excess and sand to smooth it out.” READ MORE: Easy banana peel method to ‘provide an advantage’ to rose plants After the surface has been repaired, DIYers will need to sand down the surface, preferably with a fine 220 grit paper. If priming a large surface area, the expert advised using a palm sander, which will speed up the process and will be a lot less tiring. Once the whole area has been treated, wipe clean with a damp towel and allow it to dry before priming. The DIY expert continued: “Before applying the primer, you should protect your surroundings by removing all furniture and ensuring the room is well ventilated. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Cover areas you are not painting such as carpets or flooring with a drop cloth or dust sheet, this will protect against splatter. “Use a painter’s tape to mask off mouldings, fixtures, trims and ceiling. Once you have completed these steps you can start applying the primer. “Make sure you get the right primer for the surface you are planning to paint and different materials require specialist primers, consult The Paint Shed’s primer guide to find out which one you need.” Once all of these steps have been followed, it is time to paint. Ensuring the surface has been properly prepared will make the finish much more professional and smoother.