Manchester United owners the Glazers and takeover hopeful Sir Jim Ratcliffe are reportedly some way apart in their valuation of the Red Devils. It remains to be seen whether the two parties will meet in the middle or if United's unpopular American owners become part of a stalemate that will only frustrate fans further. The Glazers are set to make a monstrous profit on the £790million they paid to acquire United in 2005. Fans have staged regular protests in recent years to vent their anger over what they see as poor club management at boardroom level. Many were therefore relieved when it emerged last year that the Glazers were willing to welcome new investment. As yet, it is not 100 per cent certain whether that will translate into a full sale or a new party buying a minority stake, and when interviewed, Avram Glazer kept his cards close to his chest. Ratcliffe, one of the wealthiest individuals in the UK and spearhead of petrochemicals giant Ineos, was a boyhood United fan and his firm have officially made their interest in purchasing the Red Devils public. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss The Ineos group already has an established sporting portfolio with controlling stakes in OGC Nice and Swiss outfit Lausanne, as well as a five-year partnership with the Mercedes F1 team. According to The Independent, Ratcliffe's advisors have told him that United are worth somewhere in the region of £3.5billion. A stalemate could therefore be on the cards as the same report declares that the Glazers are holding out for over £5.3bn. Ratcliffe and co failed with a £4.25bn bid to buy Chelsea last year before Todd Boehly and Clearlake completed their takeover. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo sparks boos after withdrawing from All-Star XI vs PSG matchChelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downChelsea face £13.5m bill to release Bakayoko as club 'ready' for exit The sale of United is being handled by investment firm Raine Group, who also oversaw the process of Chelsea changing hands. There has been a sudden spike in the sale of Premier League clubs following the ill-fated European Super League project, which once again sparked protests from Red Devils supporters. Ratcliffe spoke openly about the prospect of taking over a Premier League club last year during Chelsea's well-publicised takeover. "It takes time to reach a decision where you feel fully committed," he told the BBC. "I have a split allegiance, effectively. When I was in London for many years, I could go and watch Chelsea but it was difficult to go and watch United."  When it was put to the billionaire that some feel he should have instead been pursuing a takeover bid for his boyhood club, Ratcliffe responded: "Yes, I can understand that, but Manchester United is not for sale." The Red Devils have endured a tumultuous few years on the pitch but new manager Erik ten Hag seems to have them pulling in the right direction. Their hopes of catching up to Premier League-leaders Arsenal were dashed with a last-gasp draw at Crystal Palace this week but they remain third in the table and on course for Champions League qualification.