Talanted all-rounder Sinikiwe Mpofu, a pioneer of the women's cricket in Zimbabwe, has tragically died just weeks after her husband. Mpofu, aged 37, collapsed at her home in Masvingo and was 'pronounced dead on arrival'. Just weeks earlier her husband and national fielding coach Shepherd Tichaendepi Makunura died after a battle with illness at the age of 46. Mother-of-two Mpofu was the Zimbabwe women's assistant coach and also head coach of Mountaineers Women. Zimbabwe Cricket managing director Givemore Makoni said: "Death has robbed us of a genuinely warm individual, more importantly a loving mother, and deprived so many others, including all of us, of one of the pioneers of women’s cricket in Zimbabwe who went on to excel as a coach at provincial and national levels. “With her sudden passing coming just a few weeks after the death of her loving husband, who was also a part of our national team coaching setup, this is particularly a difficult and painful time for their young children, families, friends and the entire cricket fraternity. In extending to them our heartfelt condolences, we wish them courage and strength to bear this devastating loss.” READ MORE: England cricket star left in tears after India claim hugely controversial win   Mpofu was a talented all-round cricketer who was part of the history-making team that represented Zimbabwe in their first-ever women's international cricket match in 2006. After retiring from the game the cricket star became an 'integral part' of Zimbabwe Cricket's game development. Her husband Makunura died at a private hospital in Zimbabwe capital Harare on December 15. Alongside his role with the Zimbabwe team he was also head coach of the provincial side Southern Rocks.  DON'T MISS:  Director Makoni added: "On behalf of Zimbabwe Cricket, our deepest sympathies are with his family, colleagues and friends as they come to terms with losing such an affable and wonderful man. We have lost one of our very best coaches, an unsung hero of our game who has been instrumental in the unearthing and nurturing of many of Zimbabwe’s talented players. “We are grateful for his immense contributions to the sport in Zimbabwe and beyond and the void that he has left will be hard to fill. Sheppy was a much-loved and humble person and his smiling face and positive attitude will be sadly missed." 