Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has urged his former side to sign “a Georginio Wijnaldum figure” in January to partner a potential summer transfer in Jude Bellingham. Despite the Reds’ 2-1 win over Leicester on Friday, their issues in midfield were still evident and fresh calls have been made to strengthen in the middle of the pitch.  Jurgen Klopp’s side opted to bring Cody Gakpo to the club in a deal that could reach £50million, who can play in midfield but will likely be primarily used as part of the Liverpool front three. After completing a deal for Gakpo and budgeting over £100m for Bellingham in the summer, the Reds’ finances may be stretched but Carragher believes that another Wijnaldum is necessary. “Jude Bellingham is a midfielder who likes to get forward, score goals and assists and it would be fantastic if Liverpool could get him but they need a Wijnaldum figure to come in in the summer,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “This midfield isn’t what you expect or what Jurgen Klopp really wants. “It’s not just about certain players and a certain age, because the younger players are more technical than high energy. I talk about Harvey Elliott and [Fabio] Carvalho, it feels like Liverpool’s midfield isn’t high-energy. There’s talk of looking to bring in Jude Bellingham, why wouldn’t you, he’s a great player but they also need another midfielder to help them defensively.” Elliott came into the team for Fabinho on Friday, in the only change from the previous team that defeated Aston Villa on Liverpool’s return from World Cup action. The change saw Jordan Henderson move to become the team’s deepest midfielder, and questions were asked about the opening goal of the game. Following a long ball forward, Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall was able to latch onto a flick from Patson Daka and ghost through the Reds’ defence and slot past Alisson. Two own goals from Wout Faes ensured Liverpool came back to seal all three points, and it is thought that over a year after losing the Dutchman, Liverpool are still missing Wijnaldum in midfield. DON'T MISSChelsea's scary XI next season with Fernandez, Nkunku and two moreDonetsk make Mudryk announcement - but not the one Arsenal fans wantMan Utd star Jadon Sancho is set for a lifeline after recent twist He was a key part of Klopp’s midfield in several successful years as his tenacity and work rate set the tone for their gegenpressing system, and Carragher feels that a similar type of player needs to be brought to the club. Sofyan Amrabat, Fiorentina’s World Cup star with Morocco, has been linked with a move to Anfield after a hugely successful tournament in Qatar that saw him become one of the breakout stars of the tournament. Tottenham have also been linked with a move for the midfielder, though his reported £40m price tag may put off both Premier League sides.