Readers have flooded bookshops to purchase a copy of Prince Harry's memoir Spare as stores extended their opening hours to cater for the rush. Pictures showed readers and reporters packing out bookshops in a frenzied rush to become among the first to get their hands on the book.  Spare went on sale on Tuesday after days of leaked revelations following its release in Spain last week. The Duke has gone on the PR offensive ahead of the official publication date to promote the book. This has included an ITV interview with Tom Bradby, as well as grillings with Anderson Cooper from CBS and Michael Strachan from ABC. According to publishing experts, news stories based upon the contents of the book are likely to boost sales.  WHSmith said that it planned to stay open to allow its readers to grab an early copy of the eagerly anticipated memoir. Around 10 shops across the country decided to stay open, including those at Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Victoria and Euston railway stations. At Euston Station, professor Chris Imafidon was the first to get his hands on the book, according to The Daily Mail. However, it appeared that there was more press there than customers eagerly awaiting their chance to buy the 417-page royal blockbuster. READ MORE: Princess Kate 'appalled' at Harry over memoir At WH Smith Victoria, only a handful of people were waiting outside to buy the book. In fact, despite the frenzy, Spare is already being sold at a discount. For example, Waterstones are offering it for £14, a 50 percent discount on the official price. This is becoming an increasingly common practice for eagerly anticipated titles such as Barack Obama's recent memoir.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [REVEAL] Prince Harry’s two bombshell interviews - key differences  [INSIGHT] Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [SPOTLIGHT]  It is, however, controversial as smaller independent bookshops are unable to compete with such huge discounts. Speaking to The Bookseller last month, one owner said that it would be difficult for smaller independent bookshops to sell the Duke's memoir because of the extensive discounts offered by chains such as WH Smith and Waterstones. They said: "I’m assuming it’ll be another title that the likes of WHSmith and Waterstones will be heavily discounting from the go, so it’s really not worth our while trying to compete." 