Kate, the Princess of Wales, has "fully embraced" the idea she is going to be the next Queen Consort, a body language expert has claimed. Prince William's wife has demonstrated a "dramatic emotional shift" in her confidence level and belief system, commentator Darren Stanton said as the Princess is celebrating her 41st birthday. Following an analysis of Kate's behaviour and body language in the last few months, Mr Stanton said: "Since becoming Princess of Wales, Kate’s body language has definitely changed. "It’s almost as though she has fully embraced the idea that she is going to be Queen. "It’s obvious that it’s a position she holds in high regard since it was also Princess Diana’s title. "For lots of people the pressure of the media and attending royal events would cause sleepless nights and stress. "However, Kate has in fact shown a different approach as she appears a lot more confident." The Princess joined the Royal Family in April 2011, following her marriage to Prince William. For years, it was claimed Kate was rather shy and struggled with public speaking. However, Mr Stanton noted, the Princess displays today a different body language dispelling whatever signals suggesting nervousness and a lack of confidence in the past. The commentator, speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, said: "She now communicates on an even deeper level and leaves a lasting impression with all that she encounters. "In previous years, Kate often flashed signals of distress or nerves in her body language during public engagements." Among the "submissive" gestures displayed by Kate in her early years as a royal, Mr Stanton noted a specific hand signal. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' He said: "Kate tended to hold her hands in front of her body, at least when she knew she was being photographed. "This is a very submissive gesture, as it creates an unconscious barrier or shield between us and something, which could be perceived as a threat. The posture also signifies a lack of confidence in her surroundings." The commentator also said: "I have not seen any of these gestures in recent months, which tells me that she has had a dramatic emotional shift in her belief systems and levels of confidence. "Even when people are displaying a confident demeanour, they can sometimes have juxtaposed feelings internally. "However, I see total congruence in Kate’s belief, personal confidence and her outbound body language, which means she has now become the full package and has fitted into her new title with ease." Kate, the commentator added, took on the Princess of Wales role "very easily and effortlessly". He added: "Since taking on the role in October, she has attended various solo engagements, which proves she is confident in her own abilities as Princess." Prince William was created Prince of Wales by his father on September 9, the day after King Charles acceded to the throne. As a consequence, Kate took on the title of Princess of Wales, last used by late Princess Diana. Following the period of royal mourning in the wake of the funerals of Queen Elizabeth II, Kate and William decided to mark their new titles by carrying out their first official visit to Wales. Kate is believed to be marking her birthday today privately at Windsor, where she, William and their three children relocated in the late summer. Earlier today, the Royal Family's official Twitter account publicly marked Kate's special day with a tweet. Accompanied by a picture taken during the Princess' visit to Swansea in September, the message read: "Wishing The Princess of Wales a very Happy Birthday today!"