Arsenal may end up bracing themselves for a transfer approach from Juventus for Gabriel Magalhaes in the summer with Evan Ndicka reportedly 'expected to sign with the Gunners' at the end of the season. Mikel Arteta is hoping to make a splash in the January transfer market to help bolster his side's chances of winning the Premier League. Mykhailo Mudryk is the top target for Arsenal this month while there is also talk of the club looking for another central midfielder. But the Gunners are also seemingly making plans beyond this season with Calciomercato suggesting they already have a deal in place to sign Ndicka as a free agent. The Frankfurt defender is out of contract in the summer and it's being reported that Ndicka has already put pen to paper on a deal to join Arsenal. Gabriel and William Saliba have been the go-to partnership at the heart of Arsenal's defence this season with Ben White being moved to right-back. Arsenal are short of options behind those three with Rob Holding the fourth-choice central defender at the club. Ndicka has impressed in the Bundesliga for Frankfurt and played a key role in the club winning the Europa League last season.  It presents a huge coup for Arsenal if a deal for the 23-year-old is all wrapped up, but it could also start a chain of events for the Gunners in the transfer market. The report adds that Juventus are keeping tabs on Gabriel ahead of the summer transfer window and Ndicka's potential move to the Emirates could spark the Serie A side into making their approach. It is said that Gabriel is valued at £35million, but Juventus are hoping to bring that price down by offering Arthur Melo as part of their deal. The Brazilian midfielder is currently on loan at Liverpool, but injuries have so far prevented him from having any impact under Jurgen Klopp. Arteta reportedly 'really likes him' suggesting the Arsenal boss would be interested in the 26-year-old. Whether Arsenal entertain the potential sale of Gabriel is another matter as the defender only recently signed a new long-term contract.  The club's next move is to try and tie down Saliba's future with the hope that the pair can continue as the club's main centre-back partnership for years to come. Arteta admitted last week that he "hopes" for a resolution in talks between the club and Saliba over a new contract. “That’s more to Edu and the board to be discussing with him," he said. "What I know is that the player is really happy, the player wants to be here and that’s the main thing. “We have a few of those that we are willing to extend the contract, Willy is one of them.”