The musician, 75, blasted the “idiot” who had taken over his page in an attempt to “scam people into buying cheap laptops”. After noticing the issue, Sir Brian May wasted no time in taking to his Instagram account to warn fans. In a selfie video, the Queen legend told his 3.1 million followers: “Well folks, apparently it seems that some idiot has hacked my Twitter account, so please ignore anything you see on my Twitter page. “Obviously I’ll try to get it stopped, but people just waste your time, don’t they? “Isn’t it incredible they don’t have more useful things to do with their lives? “So whoever’s done it, well done mate, just brilliant - you must be so proud of yourself,” Brian fumed. READ MORE... Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender Continuing his plea to fans, Brian added: “And ignore my Twitter, okay?  “To be honest I’ll probably… well, we’ll see what we do.  “God bless you all and thanks very much, and hopefully I’ll see you soon.”  In the caption of his post, Brian urged his followers to “spread the word” to avoid his fans getting scammed by the hacker. He penned: “Please spread the word - especially if you are on Twitter. “This pathetic hacker is trying to scam people into buying cheap laptops ! Please tell all your followers not to get taken in.” Brian went on to ask fans to inform Twitter boss Elon Musk of the problem, so it can be handled quickly. The rocker concluded his post by saying: “Can someone please tell Elon Musk ?! Thanks - BRI.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’S Club 7's Hannah Spearritt homeless with 2 kids as band 'aren't rich'Susanna Reid reacts to colleague's farewell in 'big loss to BBC News' Fans rushed to the comments section to assure Brian that they were on the case. Another fan begged Brian not to delete his Twitter account to resolve the issue. Brian's follower oleeloetc then alerted fans to another scam using the Queen guitarist's name, commenting: "Just last week, a very polite Brian may started following me, and started asking questions of me. And this was on Instagram, because I don’t use Twitter or Facebook, or any of those other platforms. Just letting you know. Honestly, I don’t know how those people can look at themselves in the mirror and convince themselves that they are normal."  Brian's Twitter woes come just weeks after he was knighted by King Charles in the New Year Honours. The star receives his knighthood for services to music and charity. Brian is famous for his epic performances for the Royal Family at various events. The We Will Rock You hitmaker made headlines when he performed God Save The Queen from the roof of Buckingham Palace for the Queen’s Golden Jubilee in 2002. The Queen rockstar also opened last summer’s Platinum Jubilee concert for the late Queen Elizabeth II on the Victoria Monument opposite the palace.