Nicolo Zaniolo has reportedly made a decision that he wants to join Tottenham after being told he can leave Roma for the right price, with three Premier League clubs chasing the Italian attacker. Zaniolo looks set to depart the Serie A club in the January transfer window after falling out of favour under Jose Mourinho with Spurs leading the race. The north Londoners, West Ham and Leicester City are all thought to be interested in signing Zaniolo, but the lure of playing under Antonio Conte could be the decisive factor in any move he makes. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Zaniolo is thought to have 'expressed his choice' and his desire is to join Tottenham due to his admiration for Conte. The 23-year-old has been frozen out under Mourinho and talks over a new contract have broken down, with Zaniolo's current deal set to expire in 2024. Tensions have been rife between Zaniolo and the club after attracting criticism from fans for scoring just one goal this season in 13 appearances. READ MORE: Arsenal can sign Zaniolo after Trossard agreement Mourinho attempted to calm the situation but Zaniolo was booed off following the weekend’s win over Genoa, which only heightened his desire to leave. Zaniolo vented his frustration to his family and entourage, and decided it was time to leave the club. Roma are willing to cash in and have set out the conditions that need to be met in order for them to sell the player, who arrived in a swap deal from Inter Milan in 2018. However, none of the three Premier League clubs interested have come close to meeting their asking price, which is believed to be around £26.2million (€30m). Spurs are thought to be at the front of the queue to sign Zaniolo before the transfer deadline on February 1 and there is some belief that a deal can be completed in time. DON'T MISSTottenham chief Levy can raise January funds to complete two dealsArsenal turn attention to Mourinho favourite after Mudryk agonyArsenal and Tottenham target Zaniolo explains upcoming Roma meeting The report adds the club have had 'fresh contact' with the player's agent, Claudio Vigorelli, in an attempt to thrash out a deal, and it is even believed Vigorelli is ready to fly to London next week to discuss personal terms. The hold-up in talks is that while Tottenham are ready to pay the fee to land Zaniolo on a permanent deal, they want an initial loan deal with a mandatory clause that hinges on qualifying for the Champions League. However, Roma have rejected their first offer as they are only interested in sanctioning a permanent deal to sell the winger. Arsenal have also been linked with a move for Zaniolo, although it is understood Mikel Arteta's priority is to bring in a central midfielder after capturing wide forward Leandro Trossard from Brighton and Hove Albion.