Alexis Mac Allister has addressed his Brighton future amid speculation linking him to Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool. The World Cup winner is also wanted outside the Premier League as reports in Italy claim that he has singled out Juventus as his next destination, although his recent claims suggest that interested parties may have to be patient. Mac Allister started last season as a relative unknown having come through the ranks at Argentinos Juniors and spent his first two seasons at Brighton as a peripheral figure. He earned a regular starting spot in 2021/22 before kicking on this campaign with five goals from midfield. The upturn in form was enough to land him a starting spot with Argentina, who powered all the way to glory at the Qatar World Cup. Mac Allister was one of the standout performers and provided a superb assist for Angel Di Maria in the epic final victory over France. Subsequent links to heavyweight Premier League clubs have given Brighton and the player himself plenty to think about but, in a recent interview with Albion TV, he claimed that he is in 'no rush' to leave the south coast. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss "I try not to read too much," he claimed. "I always say I am happy here, I don’t have any rush to leave. I feel really good, I’m really grateful with this club, my team-mates and all the people who work here. I’m just focused on the next game and this club. "It was a good World Cup for this club and for the players who went to the World Cup. We know we’ve got a good team with really good players. This is a tough league, it will be hard, but we will try to finish as high as we can." DON'T MISS Gary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancer Newcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens up What Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment Although Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool are all rumoured to be weighing up a swoop for the £50million-rated star, Juventus may ultimately hold the advantage. Before the New Year, Gazzetta dello Sport claimed that Mac Allister had already picked his next club by informing Juve of his desire to sign once he leaves Brighton. For the Seagulls, keeping hold of their top talent is likely to be their priority in January with fellow midfielder Moises Caicedo also attracting attention. Club CEO Paul Barber, who was awarded an OBE in the New Year's honours list, recently reinforced Brighton's stance that they want to keep their prized assets under wraps.  "We have not offered any [player] to anyone and have no plans to," he told The Argus. "In an ideal world our squad, which is as good as it has been for a long time, will remain intact through the whole of January and we will go into the second half of the season as we are. "The next 30-odd days is unpredictable and we will deal with whatever comes in. But we are not offering anyone to anyone." Mac Allister is yet to feature for Brighton since the World Cup but he is in contention to play against Everton on Tuesday evening. 