Kinsey Schofield, founder and creator of US-based royal site ToDiForDaily.com, spoke to a Hollywood fortune teller about what the future holds for the Royal Family. Heather Lawrence used cartomancy, the practice of divination using a deck of cards, to predict a positive 2023 for the UK-based royals and a productive working year for Meghan Markle. She also claimed that the Duchess of Sussex appears to be stuck in her sadness, comparing her to the likes of Kate, Princess of Wales, who seems to have “faith” in a reconciliation. During the latest episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, Ms Lawrence said: “Meghan Markle feels very betrayed by all of this,” but claimed that “Kate has decided to have faith that things are going to work out”. She went on to say the Duchess of Sussex is feeling “down and out,” adding: “She’s not happy.” Ms Schofield affirmed the fortune-teller’s suggestion, saying: “I do get that sense because, while I do feel like they've [Harry and Meghan] had a successful year, people are really questioning [them]. They're getting caught in a lot of fibs.” Ms Lawrence continued: “She's having a lot of bad luck. She's stuck in bad luck. She's very brokenhearted.” READ MORE: Prince Harry 'stormed off in a huff' after royal fan's Christmas photo request Comparing the Duchess of Sussex to other members of the Royal Family, namely Prince Harry and Princess Kate, she said: “She’s stuck in her stuckness — in her betrayal — you have to remember that she wasn’t born a royal… the royals are very different.” “Harry chooses to do things so differently than she does,” she suggested. “She has different emotions than the royals, even regarding Kate. What bothers her is that Kate comes at it very differently.” Her predictions come less than a month after the release of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Netflix documentary series, Harry & Meghan, during which they gave unfiltered insight into their experiences within the Royal Family and relationships with the UK-based royals. Harry and Meghan made references to the Prince and Princess of Wales during the six-part series, noting Kate’s treatment in the media when she was first introduced to the royal scene, the couples’ supposed differences behind the scenes, and Prince William’s involvement in the Sandringham summit. Meghan indicated that her and Kate’s differences became clear early on, recalling the first time she met the then-Duchess of Cambridge at a casual dinner at their home in Kensington Palace. She said she was “in ripped jeans and barefoot” when her future brother and sister-in-law came over. “Like, I was a hugger, always been a hugger,” Meghan said. “I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits.” She added: “I guess I'd start to understand very quickly that the formality on the outside, carried through on the inside. There is a forward-facing way of being and then you close the door and you relax now. But that formality carries over on both sides. And that was surprising to me.” It has previously been reported that the two royal wives’ relationship never got close, with some commentators noting the pair’s distance as colleagues and family outside of work. In their 2020 book Finding Freedom, which was serialised in The Times, Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand wrote: “Meghan would agree with the assessment that the duchesses were not the best of friends. Their relationship hadn’t progressed much since she was Harry’s girlfriend.” The authors insisted the women were not feuding, explaining that Kate and Meghan just didn't know each other that well, and claiming Kate didn't make a deep effort to become close to Meghan. Ms Lawrence acknowledged that the Duchess of Sussex entered the Royal Family as a “whole person”, noting her career as an actress and indicating that she was “dealing with other demons”. She said: “This is also her fighting a battle of whatever she went through before,” referring to Meghan’s estranged relationship with her father’s side of the family. Ms Schofield questioned whether “being rejected in Hollywood, and dealing with that for years, and then going to find this place in the Royal Family — where she really felt like she would blossom — and then feeling rejected in that space too”, could have possibly had an impact on Meghan and her actions. The fortune-teller responded with the claim: “It's the law of attraction. Her mindset is in betrayal and heartbreak, that's where she sits and that's what she draws to herself.” In contrast, Meghan and Harry insisted that they are happy with their new lives in Montecito, bringing their documentary to a close by telling viewers they made the right decision for themselves and their family. As an idyllic montage of videos and photographs flashed on the screen, the Duchess read her wedding speech which recalled her and Harry's love story. “Let’s call this a modern fairytale,” she said. “Once upon a time, there was a girl from LA. Some people called her ‘an actress’. And there was a guy from London. Some people called him ‘a prince’. All of those people didn’t fully get it. Because this is the love story of a boy and a girl who were meant to be together.” The speech concluded: “And when the tides were rough, they squeezed each other tighter. ‘Nothing can break us,’ they’d say. ‘For this love, she was a fighter.’ I appreciate, resepct and honour you, my treasure, for the family we will create. And our love story that will last forever. So I ask you to raise a glass to the astounding assurance that now life begins. And the everlasting knowing that, above all, love wins.”