Lord Alan Sugar, 75, was in his early 50s at the time he was knighted for his "services to the Home Computer and Electronics Industry". The TV entrepreneur, who also has two honorary of Science, took to Twitter to recall his pride. The self-made billionaire excitedly informed his 5.2 million followers: "23 YEARS AGO! In the New Year's Honours list it was announced that I had been awarded a knighthood! "As I knelt before our late Queen, I remember reflecting upon what my mother and father might have thought and said had they still been alive." The nostalgic businessman added: "It was such a proud moment for me." Lord Sugar had been recognised, among other reasons, for helping to launch the public computer back in the 1980s via his electronics company, Amstrad. READ NOW: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' Newspapers have also branded Alan "the rudest man in Britain" for his no-nonsense tough talk, but equally he has many fans who love his strong personality - even after he pointed out not everyone had what it took to become a knight. On one occasion, he poked fun at Piers Morgan after the broadcaster lamented that he had not been recognised on the honours list, labelling it "baffling", but adding: "[The title] Sir Piers will have to wait." Alan tweeted a colourful response, telling his frenemy: "Knights are a very elite circle of people. The problem is your head is so far up in the clouds the Queen would not be able to tap you with the sword, She may be tempted to ram it where the sun does not shine!" Meanwhile, yesterday Alan was inundated with messages of congratulations from his followers while he reminisced. @skylon2012 praised: "A justified award for leadership in Technology, Engineering and Manufacturing creating value. "Nowadays there are too many awards handed out to mickey mouse people who create zero value other than for themselves." (sic) @johnlockeactor added: "Delighted in your memory Lord Sugar. It is so good to reflect, sometimes, on that question "What would my Folks have said?"! Thank you for the colour you bring to our lives!" @ZeusFigueras added: "Self-taught & hard work, accompanied by know-how, are the quintessential ingredients to make every business a success. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row [DEBATE] Kim Kardashian claims she was invited to be on I'm A Celeb [LATEST] Karren Brady says Camilla 'won her over' with cause 'close to heart' [OPINION] "There is no doubt that your parents would have been very proud of your accomplishments. Even more so if they could've seen the Queen awarding you your knighthood!" However, his detractors quizzed whether "British Empire gongs" were appropriate in the 21st century, while trolls made tasteless jokes pointing out that the likes of Jimmy Saville had been awarded the same honours. Meanwhile, others asked what the star of The Apprentice had done to justify receiving recognition from the Royal Family. Alan started out almost penniless, living in a council flat and working at one point in a greengrocer's shop to earn his keep. He then started his own business aged 21, called Amstrad, which started out selling electricals from the back of a van. However, as his business acumen increased, he launched personal computers - back then a very new technology - and by 1986, his net worth had exploded and he is now thought to be worth £1.2 billion. He also chaired the Tottenham Hotspur Football Club for a decade, before selling his share to earn £47 million. His most successful venture to date has been his property company, which reportedly has a net worth of over £800 million. By 2005, he was on his way to becoming a household name after The Apprentice was launched on TV. However, he notably donated profits from his appearance on the show - watched by millions of viewers across the UK - to Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital.