Australian Open tournament director Craig Tiley has spoken with Novak Djokovic's family following Srdjan Djokovic's controversial activity with pro-Vladimir Putin activists on Wednesday night. The tennis superstar's father was filmed posing for photographs alongside Russians waving their nation's flag with some people wearing the pro-war 'Z' symbol emblazoned on their t-shirts. Srdjan decided to skip his son's semi-final win over Tommy Paul on Friday in wake of the media storm while Djokovic himself spoke out on the incident involving his father after reaching Sunday's final. The nine-time Australian Open brushed off his father's antics as a misinterpretation, insisting he was "misused by this group of people". But the now-viral clip has sparked a political storm with Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese reiterating on Friday that "Australia stands with the people of Ukraine". However, Ukraine's ambassador to Australia has demanded that Srdjan be banned from the Australian Open altogether following the incident. It's led to tournament director and Tennis Australia chief Tiley holding conversations with the Djokovic family. And Tiley has admitted that the Djokovic clan are "upset" about the ordeal, insisting no malice was intended by Srdjan's actions.  “I did spend a fair amount of time talking to the Djokovic family,” Tiley told Australian media. “My advice is that you have to be really careful because if this is an event of global significance, it’s a platform. “When you have hundreds of thousands of people to come through the gate, you’re going to naturally have some people that are coming here with an intention to be disruptive, and don’t get yourself caught in the middle of that. And they completely understand that. The family were very good. They were upset that it was taken that way. There was no intention of it.  “His dad particularly does not support war, and they’re very focused on supporting peace.” It appears as though no final decision has been made on whether Srdjan will return to his son's box on Sunday for the Australian Open final. But Djokovic has admitted that he hopes his father can be present in some capacity as he bids to win his 10th Australian Open title. "Let's see. Of course, it wasn't, again, pleasant not to have him in the box," he said. "It's a decision that we made together. Just didn't know how things will play out, I guess. Yeah, I hope to have him. I hope he's going to be feeling okay to be in the courts because I would like to have him there for the finals."