In an explosive new interview, disgraced Esptein lover Ghislaine Maxwell tells Jeffrey Epstein's victims to take their "upset and disappointment" out with cops who she claims "allowed" the sex offender to die. Speaking to Jeremy Kyle on his TalkTV programme, Epstein's former girlfriend said: "I say that Epstein died and they should take their disappointment and upset out on the authorities who allowed that to happen. "And as I said I hope they have some closure by the judicial process that took place." Maxwell's decision to speak out about the connection to Epstein marks a stunning reversal on the silence she maintained throughout her trial. Speaking to Jeremy Kyle on his TalkTV programme, Epstein's former girlfriend said: "I say that Epstein died and they should take their disappointment and upset out on the authorities who allowed that to happen. "And as I said I hope they have some closure by the judicial process that took place." READ MORE: Sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell takes prison exam for 99p-an-hour call centre job Epstein was found dead aged 66 in his prision cell at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, where he was awaiting trial on sex trafficking charges. Rumours immediately swirled around the circumstances of Epstein's death, given his high profile connections. Epstein, the financier accused of sex trafficking, was not under suicide watch at the Manhattan jail at the time of his death. In the tell-all interview, Ghislaine also reveals how she regrets ever meeting her former boyfriend and claims she had no idea he was "capable of evil". DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT]Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] Maxwell is currently serving a 20-year sentence at a Florida jail for her involvement in Epstein's sick crimes which included grooming young girls and inviting them to his private island as well as massage rooms between 1994 and 2004. But despite being involved with Epstein's crimes, Maxwell claims she is not the person that she is portrayed to be, adding it's a misconception she is the "meanest, most poisonous person," before saying she hopes their victims can have a "productive" life. Meanwhile, Maxwell is said be opening up about her friendship with Prince Andrew, Duke of York, as well as discussing his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II. The sex offender claims to have "no" knowledge of a photograph existing of the Duke and Virginia Giuffre (nee Roberts) who had previously taken out a civil lawsuit against the Prince. READ MORE: 'He's on his own!' Shock as King Charles throws Prince Andrew out of Buckingham Palace  "I have no memory of them meeting, and I don't think that picture is real," she said, before adding: "There is no original of that photo, (just) copies of copies and parts of it, according to some experts, look like it has been photoshopped, I don't remember her in my home." She adds: “I know that Virginia travelled with Jeffrey, and so it’s entirely possible. “It wasn’t something so outrageously out of left field that it couldn’t have happened. “But the photo doesn’t appear to be real. And I don’t recall it being taken. I have no memory of Virginia and Prince Andrew meeting.” The sex trafficker continues: "I have no memory of them meeting, and I don't think that picture is real," she said, before adding: "There is no original of that photo, (just) copies of copies and parts of it, according to some experts, look like it has been photoshopped, I don't remember her in my home." She adds: “I know that Virginia travelled with Jeffrey, and so it’s entirely possible. “It wasn’t something so outrageously out of left field that it couldn’t have happened." TalkTV host Jeremy Kyle interviewed Maxwell for an episode titled 'Ghislaine Behind Bars', set to air at 7pm on Monday.