Parents have been warned to be vigilant after police issued an E-Fit image of a man they are trying to trace in relation to an incident which a ten-year-old girl was approached on her way to school in north east London. It is alleged that on Friday, 18 November and Monday, 21 November, in the Flempton Road area of Waltham Forest, a man who is similar in appearance to the person in the image approached the same 10-year-old girl as she walked to school. On one occasion he is alleged to have spoken to her and the second time he is alleged to have spoken to her and grabbed her by the arm, much to her alarm. The man was white, in his 40s, around 5ft 9in tall with a medium stocky build, with bald head and a bushy black beard. He is said to have a distinctive large black flower tattoo covering the whole of the front of his neck and another tattoo, made up of black lines, covering his left hand. At the time of the first incident he was wearing a dark blue/black beanie hat and a dar,k blue zip up hoodie with a hole in. JUST IN: Girl, 11, airlifted to hospital and fighting for life after horror car crash  During the second incident, he was wearing a light grey or white zip up hoodie with short sleeves. On each occasion he wore grey jogging bottoms and black boots and he was carrying a black backpack with many pockets. Detective Constable Jaime Thorn from the North East Command Unit, said: “While the girl who was approached in these incidents was not physically hurt, she was understandably shaken and scared by what is alleged to have happened. She continues to struggle with the impact of the experience. “Certain aspects of the description, in particular the large neck tattoo, are distinctive and I’m confident anyone who knows the person depicted in the image will recognise them. I would urge them to come forward. DON'T MISSNicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death [LATEST]Lisa Marie Presley 'barely left house' after heartbreaking struggles [ADMISSION]Gary Lineker's ex-wife complains he's been ‘ignoring’ her [INSTAGRAM] “I know that any incidents where children are alleged to have been approached in the street will be a cause for concern in the community. We are in contact with the school to ensure that they have the support they need.” Det Con Thorn added: “While officers are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances behind the alleged incidents, initial enquiries suggest the girl was likely not approached at random and that the man may know her or those close to her. “We have no information to suggest that there is a wider risk to children in the area, although we would always encourage parents or guardians to ensure adequate and appropriate safety measures are in place when children are travelling to and from school or are out on their own.” Anyone who thinks they knows the person shown in the e-fit image is urged to call 101, giving the reference 4924383/22. Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.