The Masked Singer is a reality show unlike any other with bizarre costumes, ambiguous clues and some stellar performances. It's been a year since the hit ITV series was last seen but now the guessing games will once again begin. Here's all there is to know about watching The Masked Singer season four. The Masked Singer series four will make its debut on Sunday, January 1, at 6.30pm on ITV. In this first episode, six of the 12 contestants are going to be taking to the stage in a bid to impress the judges and live audience. Those who will be singing this evening are Knitting, Ghost, Otter, Jellyfish, Phoenix and duo Cat and Mouse. At the end of the instalment, one of these six is going to be the first celebrity to be unmasked in 2023. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Todd Grimshaw exposes Esther and Mike's The Masked Singer will air weekly with the second episode coming out on Saturday, January 7. During this instalment, it will be Fawn, Jacket Potato, Piece of Cake, Pigeon, Rhino and Rubbish's turn to perform. Once again, another contestant will be unmasked with another famous face being unveiled every week. If viewers miss any of the episodes though, there is no need to worry as the latest from The Masked Singer will be available to watch on ITVX. Presenter Joel Dommett will be back to host The Masked Singer, as he has done for the first two series. The actor and comedian shot to mainstream fame when he was declared the runner-up of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2016. The show wouldn't be the same without its judging panel either, made up of host Davina McCall, singer Rita Ora, presenter Jonathan Ross and comedian Mo Gilligan. Comic Ken Jeong was in the first series of The Masked Singer before he was replaced in season two by Gilligan who features on Celebrity Gogglebox. DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer cast explained with crazy new costumes  [CAST]Biblical Biffy Clyro put on a blinding show at the O2 [REVIEW]I'm A Celeb's Matt Hancock favourite to star on another ITV show  [EXPLAINER] Last year saw Torn singer Natalie Imbruglia take home The Masked Singer crown as Panda. Prior to that, it was singer Joss Stone's turn to lift the trophy when she was revealed to be behind Sausage. The first-ever winner of The Masked Singer UK was the unforgettable Queen Bee who was really Girls Aloud star Nicola Roberts. So who will be joining the show's hall of fame from season four in 2023? The future is looking incredibly bright for The Masked Singer as well as it has already been confirmed that it will be back for at least two more seasons. ITV head of entertainment commissioning, Katie Rawcliffe, said: “The Masked Singer has once again established itself as unmissable event television, keeping the nation guessing throughout its glorious eight-week run. "We’re already counting down to see who’s hiding behind those infamous masks in 2023 and look forward to welcoming the series back to ITV and [ITVX] next year.” The Masked Singer season 4 premieres on Sunday, January 1, at 6.30pm on ITV.