Tottenham have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Sporting wing-back Pedro Porro with the Spaniard said to be in favour of a move to north London. The former Manchester City defender has captured the interest of Spurs as Antonio Conte seeks to improve his options at right wing-back due to the continued struggles of Emerson Royal. Matt Doherty has nailed down the role in recent weeks and netted in the 4-0 win at Crystal Palace on Wednesday evening. However, there is an appreciation that Tottenham are still in need of improvement in the position as they consider a January swoop for Porro. According to Fabrizio Romano, the player himself is understood to be keen on joining Spurs this month in a boost for the Tottenham hierarchy. It means it could help their cause as they attempt to strike a deal for less than the 23-year-old's £39million release clause. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE At the moment, Sporting are keen to point Tottenham and all other potential suitors towards the clause. The Primeira Liga club's head coach Ruben Amorim recently said on the prospect of selling Porro: "With regard to Pedro Porro, we know that there are players in our team who, because of what they have done, are now wanted by other clubs. We had this problem in the summer too. "What I was told is that he can only leave if the clause is triggered. And if the clause is triggered, there is nothing we can do." So far, Tottenham have shown no indication that they're prepared to match Porro's £39m clause. DON'T MISSTottenham have unearthed their very own Mousa Dembele for agitated Antonio ConteShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile In order to sign the highly-rated wing-back, Spurs may have to make room within their squad. The club will consider offers for Emerson Royal, who appears to have finally lost the trust of Conte in terms of being a regular starter. Atletico Madrid and clubs from Italy have previously been linked with the Brazilian but Spurs are yet to receive any offers. Djed Spence could depart on loan but Express Sport understands his exit is not set in stone and that he could still remain at Spurs this month. Talk a number of clubs have already registered in his services is currently wide of the mark. Spence is continuing to knuckle down and is determined to prove his worth in north London following his £20m switch from Middlesbrough last summer. Tottenham were also keen to sign another forward but with Bryan Gil now impressing, he could be set to remain with Spurs as opposed to heading out on loan. Conte has repeatedly likened his Spanish attacker to Manchester City's Bernardo Silva and still hopes he will come good following his 2021 switch from Sevilla.