Britons with a passport that needs renewing could save money if they do the application before the end of January. Fees will rise in February for the first time in five years. The proposed fee for a standard online passport application will see the cost rise from £75.50 to £82.50. An online application for a child will rise from £49 to £53.50 under the new plans. Postal applications are also set to increase from £85 to £93 for adults and from £58.50 to £64 for children. The proposed fees are subject to Parliamentary scrutiny but if passed, they are expected to be introduced from February 2. READ MORE: The destinations where Britons get ‘more for their money’ The Government said: “The new fees will help the Home Office move towards a system that meets its costs through those who use it, reducing reliance on funding from general taxation. “The Government does not make any profit from the cost of passport applications. The fees will also contribute to the cost of processing passport applications, consular support overseas, including for lost or stolen passports, and the cost of processing British citizens at UK borders. “The increase will also help enable the Government to continue improving its services. The new fees include those newly applying or renewing their passports.” Fees for the priority fast-track service will also be aligned so that all customers will pay the same amount. It currently costs £177 to fast-track a new passport using the Online Premium Service which can be used if people desperately need one. Tourists who were due to renew their passport in the next few months could save around £7 by doing so before February 2. Since the UK left the EU, British tourists will need to have their passport stamped when they enter and leave the bloc. READ MORE: Cruise expert explains reason to ‘book travel separately’ Britons are allowed to stay for 90 out of every 180 days in the European Union without a visa. If they overstay, they could be fined, deported or even blocked from travel to the EU in some cases. In November, the ETIAS scheme is due to be introduced which will see non-EU citizens, including Britons, pay a fee to enter the EU. The fee is likely to be around £6 and Britons will need to apply for an ETIAS every three years for EU holidays. The electronic EITAS scheme is being introduced to help the EU protect its borders and security. It is thought that the majority of ETIAS applications will be approved the same day for British travellers. In a few cases, Britons may need to attend an in-person interview if their application can’t be processed online. The ETIAS scheme will remove the need for Britons to get their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU.