Ginny and Georgia is returning to Netflix on January 5 and it will pick up after Ginny's (played by Antonia Gentry) shocking discovery. She was seen leaving town on a motorbike after finding out her mum had poisoned her stepfather. Matt Press actor Damian Romeo spoke to Express.co.uk about the intense moments yet to come. In season two of the drama, Ginny must figure out how to live with the fact her mother is a murderer. Burdened with the knowledge that Kenny did not die of natural causes, Ginny must deal with the fact that Georgia (Brianne Howey) killed to protect her daughter. Georgia, meanwhile, hopes the past can be forgotten as she now has a wedding to plan. But viewers are already well aware that Georgia’s past never stays buried for long. Actor Romeo stars as Matt Press, who sees a new love interest on the horizon. READ MORE: Ginny and Georgia cast pay tribute to late crew member Speaking to Express.co.uk about the new series, he said: "I think with season two in general, everything is more intense. "I think we established our introductory phases for each of the characters. "I think Matt Press is still the same high school student who is going through his own problems and he doesn't quite say the right things or do the right things. "I'm not even sure if Matt wants to do the right thing or not. He's just a tough high school kid trying to figure out who he is. "But definitely in season two, there are some shocking moments with Matt Press." He said he was excited to see the audience's reaction to his character's development. The star added: "It's almost about reading between the lines and Matt Press is one of those characters that on the surface level he comes across as a mean kid. "But I think everybody is going through something in their lives and there's more to him. "Just like any other high school student that makes bad choices and says the wrong things. "I think with Matt a lot of people can relate to that. That's how I found my relation to him, in being misunderstood and not feeling like he belongs. DON'T MISS... Ginny and Georgia season 2: Georgia to 'run away' with Joe [DISCUSSION] Ginny and Georgia: Georgia and Zion to 'reunite' [INSIGHT] Ginny & Georgia: Star hits back at Taylor Swift controversy [DISCUSSION] "So that does carry on into season two but fortunately, fans will see more of him in different lights." Although he was unable to say much about his character's new love interest, he did explain how Matt is not very good with his emotions. He said: "Anybody who snaps back and has those comments, especially towards their friends, they are not very good at handling their emotions. "So I think everyone will see that he does have some emotions but he's not good at dealing with them." The star said after the first season, he was flooded with messages from fans wanting to see more of him. "I think they will see a bit more of me and some of it will be shocking," he teased. "If people thought season one was intense and full of drama and it has twists and turns, it's like season two is just amped up. "Like every mother and daughter relationship, Ginny and Georgia's relationship is bound to develop especially with some secrets coming to light. "There are things they need to discuss and from those discussions, their relationship is going to develop. It does change."  Ginny and Georgia season 2 airs on Netflix on January 5