Terrifying scenes of people screaming and fleeing a funeral service in London have been caught by CCTV cameras. A seven-year-old girl sustained serious injuries as a result of the drive-by-shooting at St Aloysius R.C. Church in Phoenix Road, in Euston at lunchtime on Saturday. Images obtained by Sky News show a dark coloured car driving down the road.  As it passes the CCTV cameras, a gunshot goes off. Then screaming can be heard, before people start running down the road, clearly in panic. The seven-year-old girl was taken to a central London hospital where she remains in a life threatening condition. Three women, aged 54, 48 and 41 along with a 12-year-old girl also received injuries. The Met police said the 48-year-old has suffered potentially life changing injuries, while the condition of the other two adults is said to be not life-threatening.  The twelve-year-old suffered a minor leg injury and has since been discharged from hospital. The victims were attending the funeral service of Fresia Calderon, 50, and her daughter, Sara Sanchez, 20, who died within a month of each other in November. Police said they believed the gunshots were fired from a black Toyota C-HR, which was probably a 2019 model. In a statement on Sunday, Superintendent Jack Rowlands said: "This was a shocking incident. READ MORE: 'Sexual assault', threats of kidnap and murder at migrant centre riot  "People came here to attend a funeral, to be with friends and loved ones and to mourn together. Instead they were the victims of a senseless act of violence. "We know it will have had a significant impact on communities across Camden and we will have a visible police presence in the local area in the coming days and weeks to provide extra reassurance. "I can promise that we are doing everything we can to identify and bring to justice those who were responsible for this attack. "The investigation is being led by the Met’s Specialist Crime Command. DON'T MISSWoman "murdered man after finding out he was texting a teenager" [NEWS]Dennis McGrory gets life sentence for murder and rape of teenager [SPOTLIGHT]Wife arrested after she 'mutilates trumpet player husband's genitals'  [REVEAL]  "We have a significant number of specialist detectives and local officers working around the clock, but we also need the public’s help. "We want to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information about it. "Your information could be vitally important, no matter how insignificant you think it may be. "Please call the Metropolitan Police on 101, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."