Tottenham and Chelsea could inadvertently help each other out in the January transfer market with a right-back domino effect threatening to unfold. Emerson Royal, Denzel Dumfries and Pedro Porro all face uncertain futures with plenty of time left in the month to put deals in place. Spurs signed Emerson from Barcelona for £26million back in 2021 and the Brazilian has broadly fallen short of expectations. Despite reportedly spending huge sums of money to improve his performances, manager Antonio Conte seemingly remains unconvinced, with rumours linking Tottenham to replacements this month. Sporting Lisbon star Pedro Porro is thought to be top of the Italian's wish list with one goal and five assists from right-back this season. Conte tends to demand plenty going both ways from his wing-backs and he has repeatedly discussed the importance of strengthening his squad in the coming transfer windows. Signing Porro may depend on offloading Emerson first, however, to free up space in the squad and the finances to table a tempting offer. Sporting supposedly want the full extent of Porro's £39.6m release clause to do business this month. JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo  JUST IN: Leeds' revamped XI with new signing and £66m duo According to reports leading up to the January window, Inter Milan are prime candidates to take Emerson off Spurs' hands with the north London outfit supposedly prepared to take a loss on the sum they paid 18 months ago. The Nerazzuri swooping for the 23-year-old would not only present Spurs with the opportunity to upgrade, but it would also provide knock-on benefits to cross-London rivals Chelsea. The Blues have been credited with interest in Inter star Denzel Dumfries but the Italian side may only let him go if they have a replacement lined up. DON'T MISS...Jurgen Klopp may have got glimpse of Liverpool future in Wolves clashLeeds target £66m double transfer deal with 'full agreement' closeWout Weghorst to Man Utd in jeopardy as Besiktas chief makes demand  The flying right-back was impressive at the World Cup with the Netherlands and would supposedly cost £53m, with Inter poised to make a tidy profit on the £12m they paid to PSV Eindhoven in 2021. Chelsea already have Reece James in their squad but an injury-hit few months have left them exposed to squad-depth issues. As a fellow right-back, Spurs selling Emerson to Inter would therefore free up the Serie A side to cash in on Dumfries, with all three sides benefitting. The Dutchman would be a high-profile addition to the Premier League and his performances in Qatar drew praise from respected figures.  "Denzel Dumfries - what a player he is," former Premier League defender Micah Richards told the BBC during the tournament. "I just thought his whole game [against the USA] was brilliant. "It was his timing of his runs… He didn’t sort of mix it up too much but when he did it was the right moments. Down this right-hand side he was just breathless." At 6ft 2in, Dumfries can also play at centre-back which may appeal to Chelsea boss Graham Potter due to his tendency to mix up formations.