Social media is the number one inspiration for many people who are renovating their homes but what's in fashion now could be doing more harm than good to the value of the property. If creating the house of your dreams is a life goal then once you find the perfect home it's only a matter of time before you start making it your own and delving into the world of home decor. Social media allows people to easily access inspiration and lets them know what's on-trend with tips on how to do it yourself. There are however some drawbacks to following trends that could impact the value of your home should you choose to move on which is why ScS has partnered with Holly Herbert, head of content at webuyanyhouse.co.uk, to share their combined knowledge to uncover some of the social media trends that do more harm than good. Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers. Holly noted that not only are these baths impractical, they can cost a lot of money to fix if there is a problem with them. She said: “Freestanding baths are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. You may need to make extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. If these pipes leak, they can be incredibly expensive to access and can create bad smells.” Shiny gold features can add a touch of elegance around the home, but as Holly explains, this effect doesn’t last for long. She said: “Gold hardware can quickly look stained and marked, which is very noticeable. READ MORE: ‘Biggest’ bathroom trend to follow going into 2023 - what to avoid “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your home, especially once the gold colour has faded.” Triangular-painted feature walls, with frog-tape used to create coloured shapes, were incredibly popular during lockdown, but such creativity isn’t always appreciated by buyers. The expert said: “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches or frog-tape walls, are all very much to individual taste, so can make it harder to achieve a sale.” Holly noted that households are “far better off” sticking to neutral colours. While many think that adding a gym room to their home can enhance their property value it can often be “off-putting” for prospective buyers looking around the house. Holly said: “Home gyms were a bit of a lockdown fad but are becoming more redundant now that regular gyms are open again. They generally take up space which could be used for something more beneficial.” DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [EXPERT]‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [TIPS]Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district [INSIGHT] Bifold doors are really useful for creating an easy passage from the home to the garden, but if they are low-quality or badly fitted, they can count against you. The property pro explained: “Such doors do look attractive, but in reality, they can break quite easily, which can be a nuisance for new homeowners. It can also be really difficult to get hold of replacement parts, so it’s something to bear in mind before paying out.” On cold winter evenings, log burners can make your room feel cosy, but not all buyers will agree that they are worth the hassle they come with. Holly explained: “Log burners require a lot of fuel, which can be expensive, and you need somewhere to store the wood, which takes up extra space. There’s also the risk of smoke damage and marking decorated walls, which buyers won't want to inherit.” READ MORE: ‘Worst’ living room colours to avoid - ‘makes room look dated’ Open plan kitchen, dining and living spaces with islands are really popular with interior influencers, but before households hop on the trend, there’s a lot to consider first. Holly advised: “Islands are great in a big home, but space is the main factor for most buyers, so if they make your kitchen look cramped, they can be a big mistake. “If you do add an island, make sure you don’t add mechanicals (such as a cooker) to it unless you’re absolutely certain, as it then becomes expensive for the next owner to remodel if they want to change things around.” Tiling needs to be consistent around the house to look attractive and it can be “expensive to remove”, which many buyers will want to do. If tiles are badly laid or decorated with quirky colours, they can be “off-putting and quickly look outdated”. The expert said: “Poor flooring can decrease a house’s value by around five percent. It can be really costly to rip it up to replace, so if tiling, you’re best sticking to neutral colours.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Having a separate area to store food can be a great feature for a kitchen, but pantries need to be well-located and genuinely useful to be appealing. Holly warned: “Pantries tend to take up a huge amount of space, which impedes the kitchen and reduces the house’s value. They are a nice touch in homes which have enough room for them, but this isn’t the case for many properties.” The trend of touching up original features is “very divisive”, so isn’t a good idea for those looking to sell. Holly urged: “You need to carefully maintain original features if they’re to look good and attract interest. “Don’t risk damaging them by attempting paint or restoration work yourself, as you could end up ruining the feature altogether.”