To help with the rising cost of living, some households can benefit from up to £250 in free credit. Energy companies such as British Gas, Shell Energy and OVO are offering the extra support to customers. Each provider has their own eligibility criteria so claimants are encouraged to get in touch with them to find out more. The companies below are offering extra help this winter. British Gas - £250British Gas is identifying thousands of customers who are on a prepayment meter and could be eligible for up to £250 in free credit. Anyone eligible will see the credit added to their prepayment meters over the next month so they won’t need to contact them. The free bill credit comes as part of British Gas' new £10million package for vulnerable prepayment customers. READ MORE: Pensioners could lose £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP Utilita - £150Support for some customers from Utilita is being split into two £75 payments, with the first being sent to customers in December. This is being supplied through the Warm Home Discount scheme. Customers could get the second half of the payment by the end of the month. If people pay by direct debit, the full £150 will be applied to their account by the end of January. READ MORE: NatWest announces 23 more bank branches to close this year - full list of closures Those on traditional prepayment meters will be emailed their second £75 voucher. Shell Energy – £150Anyone with Shell Energy who also received the Warm Home Discount will see a further boost of £150. The money will be added to their energy account automatically.  EDF is offering eligible customers who have signed an electric car leasing contract with them £100 in free credit. To receive the credit, customers must request the offer using an online claim form. It must be filled out no later than three months from signing the personal hire contract. Those that get their energy from EDF can then get the £100, including credit to the customer’s electricity bill after delivery of the car to their property. 