Ferrari face a difficult start to 2023 after news emerged that the manufacturer has 'split with lucrative sponsor' Velas and now face a £40million windfall heading into the new season. The Italian manufacturer began a partnership with the crypto company firm in December 2021 to 'create digital content for its fans'. The Velas deal has reportedly left Ferrari £24.7million ($30m) short in their budget for this year, according to F1.com. RacingNews365 claims the relationship with Velas broke down after Ferrari failed to comply with clauses in its contract. This is believed to relate to Velas being allowed to create NFT images with both parties thought to be considering legal action. Ferrari have also mutually agreed to part ways with fellow premium sponsor semi-conductor firm Snapdragon. Snapdragon reportedly provided Ferrari with £20m ($25m) in cash and technical support leaving the manufacturer with a substantial shortfall of £44.7m. Express Sport approached Ferrari, Snapdragon and Velas for comment but have not had a response. READ MORE: F1 news: Lewis Hamilton contract concern, Ferrari leaks, FIA president welcomes talks   Both the logos of the firms have now been removed from the team’s partner list. Despite the popularity of F1 booming and an increased race programme next season the sponsorship market remains unstable. Last year Mercedes were left in 'disbelief' after suspending its sponsorship deal with FTX amid the crypto company's financial struggles. Mercedes chief Toto Wolff said at the time: “It’s difficult because we all know crypto is relevant. Every team has sponsors like that and so does the Formula 1 organisation. DON'T MISS:  “This shows how vulnerable the industry still is. It is unregulated and I believe it needs to find its way into regulation because there are so many customers, investors and partners like us who are in complete disbelief at what happened.” Velas’ logo has previously been featured on the back of the rear wing while Charles Leclerc has also been spotted with branding on his helmet. Ferrari could now force the manufacturer to change some of its 2023 decals just days before their car is released on February 14. 