Arsenal are reportedly set to 'step up' their interest in Atletico Madrid star Joao Felix after Chelsea entered the race for Mykhaylo Mudryk. Mikel Arteta does not want to get into a bidding war for Mudryk despite his clear ambition to join the Gunners as Arsenal take a firm stance on the Ukrainian. Arsenal have been heavily linked with a move for Mudryk since the summer and the club stepped up their pursuit in the January transfer window. The Gunners have already seen two bids rejected for the 22-year-old with the most recent around the £62million mark. However, Shakhtar have publically stated they will only accept £88m for their star player something Arsenal are not willing to pay. As a result, the door has been opened for Chelsea with the Blues said to have entered the race for his services with the Ukrainian champions' director of football, Dario Srna, present at Stamford Bridge on Thursday night. The Telegraph reports that Arsenal are still confident of securing his signing but they have stepped up their interest in Felix in the meantime. Ideally, both players would arrive at the Emirates but they will not be drawn into a bidding war for Mudryk with the fear that Chelsea will be able to comfortably outbid them. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Felix has fallen out of favour at Atletico after reportedly falling out with Diego Simeone. He is still seen as one of the best young talents in world football but has not hit the heights expected of him at the Wanda Metropolitano after his £113m move from Benfica in 2019, scoring just 34 goals in 130 appearances. Arsenal are in the market for attacking reinforcements despite an excellent season so far. There is a lack of depth in the frontline in the presence of injuries, a situation which worsened after Gabriel Jesus suffered a knee injury at the World Cup which is expected to rule him out for three months. Felix can be seen as a replacement for the former Manchester City man with Arteta keen to improve in the No 9 position despite the impressive recent form of Eddie Nketiah. In contrast, Mudryk fulfils a need that has been present since the summer with just Emilie Smith-Rowe and Reiss Nelson as real backup options in the wide positions. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile Chelsea's interest in Mudryk may accelerate over the coming days with wingers Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic joining an extensive injury list during the 1-0 defeat to City on Thursday. It remains to be seen who Arsenal will bring to the Emirates over the course of the winter but Gooners will be pleased to here that the club are looking to make moves to improve the squad. 