Campaigners fighting fuel poverty have laid out a plan for the Government to help stop millions of Britains from being subjected to “Victorian” living conditions. This is due to the forced installation of prepayment meters. With energy bills already double what they were in 2021, families are battling fuel poverty, with households already trying to cope amid the cost of living crisis. But energy firms have reportedly been "forcibly" installing prepayment meters in customers’ homes, switching them onto a more expensive payment option that can leave them sitting in the dark if they don’t top up their meter. The End Fuel Poverty Coalition told express.co.uk that this has left millions of Britons freezing in “cold, damp homes”  and has now laid out a plan the Government can follow to take action. It comes after figures from the Citizens Advice charity revealed that 3.2million people were left in cold and dark homes last year after running out of credit needed to top up their meters. Simon Francis, co-ordinator of the End Fuel Poverty Coalition, told Express.co.uk: "The true depths of the pre-payment meters crisis have been revealed by the Citizens Advice research. But the truth is that the figures are just the tip of the iceberg. The situation is so dire that research from the Warm This Winter campaign found that a third of pre-payment meter customers are living in cold damp homes. “Living in these Victorian conditions causes huge health complications, especially for those with the elderly, disabled and those with health conditions or infants in the household.  Pre-payment meters have been forced on many of these households either by energy firms using court warrants to install the meters or by switching smart meters to pre-payment mode.   "There is now a growing realisation among MPs that this is untenable and energy firms' assurances of helping vulnerable people do not stack up. We need the Government to act to ban forced transfers to pre-payment meters. "A failure to do so will plunge more people deeper into fuel poverty and lead to increasing pressures on the NHS.” And Mr Francis provided express.co.uk with a list of instructions for energy suppliers, ministers and Ofgem (the industry regulator), to better address the issue. It included: READ MORE: Minister to unveil science superpower plan today in break from EU The list continued: The list also included addressing the debt burden for prepayment customers, ensuring suppliers are meeting their obligations re debt (Ofgem) and a debt repayment matching plan (Treasury). Charities have warned that suppliers have been ramping up the use of court warrants to force their way into homes to install these prepayment meters. Some magistrates have been known to approve thousands of applications at a time. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy has been contacted for a comment on this proposed plan. DON'T MISS Russian cyber attackers target three US nuclear research labs [REPORT] Nuclear fusion quest dealt blow as leading project warns of delays [INSIGHT] UK signs breakthrough deal with BioNTech for cancer vaccine trials [REVEAL] In homes with a smart meter, the change can be completed remotely without the need for a warrant, shifting customers onto more expensive plans. Citizens Advice estimated that 600,000 people were forced to make the move away from credit meters after piling up debt with their energy supplier last year. In 2021, this figure was nearly twice as low, at 380,000, according Citizens Advice’s report. The charity has called for an immediate ban on the use of these court warrants and has warned that a further 160,000 people could be switched off by the end of winter unless further action is taken. Prepay meters charge for energy at a higher rate than contracts where the customer pays monthly or through direct debit. As a result, those in debt on prepay meters often have no choice but to "self-disconnect" in order to save money. A Government spokesperson said:  "We know it is a difficult time for families across the country. That is why we have acted swiftly to provide support, including the Energy Price Guarantee, saving the typical household around £900 this winter, as well as £400 payments towards bills and £1,200 for the most vulnerable households. “The Government expects energy suppliers to do all they can to help customers who are struggling to pay their bills and suppliers can only install prepayment meters without consent to recover debt as a last resort. “The regulator Ofgem requires energy suppliers to offer solutions for customers in, or at risk of, debt or disconnection. This includes offering emergency credit to all pre-payment meter customers and additional support credit to customers in vulnerable circumstances.” Have you been forcibly switched onto more expensive payment plans by your energy provider? Share your story with science reporter Jacob Paul by emailing:  jacob.paul@reachplc.com