Liverpool have been dealt a blow in their reported pursuit of Bayern Munich midfielder Ryan Gravenberch after his agent was spotted at Anfield on Saturday. The Reds had been tipped to move for the out-of-favour star in January as Jurgen Klopp looks to sign a midfielder, but they are set to face disappointment, according to reports in Germany. The presence of his agent Rafaela Pimenta at Anfield for their goalless draw against Chelsea on Saturday fuelled speculation that the Dutch youngster could be joining the Reds in a loan deal. The Brazilian lawyer, who is now a football agent and represents several big names in European football, was seen posing for pictures at Anfield after posting on social media with an Instagram story of her in front of the iconic ground. However, it seems her visit was for leisure purposes only and was not linked to any incoming transfers. Sky Sports Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg has also poured cold water on any chance of Gravenberch making a quick exit to the disappointment of Liverpool fans. READ MORE: Liverpool 'in Qatar takeover talks' with three outcomes tipped The report says there is a 'no doubt' Bayern are unwilling to let the midfielder leave on loan or permanently in the transfer window. That is because the club 'believe in him', suggesting head coach Nagelsmann sees Gravenberch as a player for the future. Gravenberch arrived at the Allianz Arena in a £20million transfer from Ajax, but the 20-year-old has struggled to command a regular spot in Julian Nagelsmann's side so far and is yet to make a start in the Bundesliga with 11 substitute appearances. He has had more joy in the Champions League, making two starts and five appearances in the group stage as Bayern made it through to the last-16 knockout stage. DON'T MISSLiverpool may already have two ‘new’ midfielders to replace exiteesLiverpool can sign their new Agger who compares himself to Van DijkLiverpool have two transfer 'priorities' over Chelsea star Mason Mount It could force Klopp to return to the drawing board in terms of signing a midfielder this month. The Reds are reportedly frontrunners to sign Jude Bellingham this summer, but the need for immediate reinforcements has become apparent in recent weeks with Liverpool struggling in ninth place in the Premier League. In the summer, the German boss admitted he was wrong to say he didn't need to sign a midfielder, and his last-minute deal for Arthur Melo backfired after the Brazilian suffered an injury weeks after signing. "I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and I was wrong. That’s the situation," Klopp said. Liverpool could still make a move before the transfer window closes, with Matheus Nunes and Moises Caicedo among the players linked, but Gravenbrech appears to be staying put.