Make-up artist Lana Jenkins, who used to date I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! contestant Owen Warner is one of the sexy singletons entering the Love Island villa this month. Ahead of her grand entrance on the ITV2 series, Lana shared her secret plan to try and win the boys in the villa over. The Luton-born islander has opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about the type of partner she hopes to fall for on the reality programme, which is being filmed in South Africa this year. She said her "typical type" is a man who is tall, good at conversation and "shines in a room". Lana revealed she is also drawn to men who make everyone laugh as well as someone who is charismatic. "I’m not too fussy in that sense but I am looking forward to meeting lots of different people," she shared. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger When asked if she is more anxious about meeting the boys in the villa or the girls, she replied: “I think definitely the boys, I am a girls' girl anyway. "So I get on with girls so well and I am sure I will make friends who will be friends for life. "But with the boys, I am more nervous as there is more pressure as I want to find one I want to be with and potentially one who is the one. But it is more exciting than nervous." The blonde beauty went on to admit she's had a "bad dating history" but insisted she has grown from her experiences.  Lana revealed she has a card other Islanders might not be able to play during the 2023 series. She shared: "If I can find someone else who can speak fluent Spanish that would be great as we can do code together." "Hopefully, I will be able to use it," Lana added. "It’s like a little sexy thing for boys so maybe I can use it if I don’t feel like I am getting enough attention." Lana's parents moved to Spain for work when she was about four years old, she explained. DON'T MISS...Here's a look at the new Love Island cast [EXPLAINER]Love Island's Will wants to follow in Jeremy Clarkson's footsteps  [UPDATE]Michelle Keegan shares 'lovely' tribute to Love Island star [EXCLUSIVE] She was moved to a Spanish-speaking school and had to pick up the language "very quickly" and became fluent in about six months. She admitted: "I think that is because no one else spoke English so I had to learn [Spanish]." Lana and her co-stars will meet each other and new host Maya on Monday when the series returns to screens. Maya has replaced Laura Whitmore as the show's presenter, but Iain Sterling is still the hit programme's narrator.   The rumoured finale date for the highly-anticipated series is said to be taking place on March 13. The first 10 contestants, five women and five men were announced on January 9, with more set to be revealed in due course. Last year's winners were the unstoppable Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti who both entertained fans with their drama all season. Love Island returns to ITV2 and ITVX on Monday at 9pm.  