The world’s oldest person, nun Sister Andre, has died at the age of 118 in France, her retirement home has confirmed. Sister Andre was born on February 11, 1904. She was the world’s oldest living person according to the Gerontology Research Group’s (GRG) World Supercentenarian Rankings List.  Lucile Randon assumed the name Sister Andre when she joined a Catholic charitable order in 1944, according to The Irish Times. The same publication reports that she became the oldest, verified person in the world on the death of Kane Tanaka from Japan, who died at the age of 119 in April 2022. A spokesman for Sister Andre's nursing home told Le Parisien: "She died at 2am. There is great sadness but she wanted it. It was her desire to join her beloved brother. For her, it’s a release." Raised as a Protestant, Sister Andre converted to Catholicism when she was 19 in 1923. She took the name Sister Andre in honour of her brother.  She worked in a number of hospitals until she retiremed from working full-time in 1979. She lived in the retirement homein Toulon from 2009. American born María Branyas Morera, who now lives in Spain, is now the world’s oldest person. The 115-year-old was born in 1907. Sister Andre is also credited as the oldest known survivor of the COVID-19 pandemic. READ ABOUT A REAL LIFE CHAMBER OF SECRETS    She tested positive for Covid in an outbreak at her retirement home in January 2021. She did not show any symptoms and tested negative just days before she turned 117. Pope Francis sent her a personal letter and a rosary to mark her 115th birthday in 2019, according to The Washington Post. French president Emmanuel Macron sent her a birthday message on her 118th birthday, CNN reported at the time. The US broadcaster also said she enjoyed eating chocolate and drank a glass of wine everyday. DON'T MISS: Tube line suspended after horror double stabbing in broad daylight [REPORT] Driver tried to blame girlfriend for 'catastrophic' crash [REVEALED] Double-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over [LATEST] Asked about her longevity, Sister Andre told the media in April last year that work and caring for others had kept her spry. However, RTE reported that she had rejected requests for locks of her hair or DNA samples, saying only the good Lord knew the secret of her long life. Mayor of Toulon, Hubert Falco, told her she was an object of pride and an example to the world in a tribute paid to Sister Andre last April. A fellow Frenchwoman holds the world record for the oldest confirmed age reached by a human being. Jeanne Calment was 122 when she died in 1997 in Arles. 