TLC viewers had their hearts broken by Dottie during her time on the reality series. Weighing over 300lbs since her teenage years, the My 600lb Life guest endured a number of tragedies throughout her life which forced her into bad eating habits. Thankfully, her most recent updates on Facebook suggest she has managed to achieve a much healthier lifestyle. After her appearance on the fourth season of TLC’s hit reality show, Dottie appears to have kept off the 300lbs-plus she lost for the series. She credited her poor eating habits with a lack of affection from her family growing up, and was already over 300lbs by the time she was 18. At the start of her My 600lb Life journey, Dottie weighed well over 600lbs. However, she was also hospitalised several times so her weight could be closely monitored. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row To make her health battle even more difficult, Dottie had lost her 13-year-old son after he was diagnosed with cerebral palsy and scoliosis. “It hurt a lot, and food is what comforted me,” she said in a confessional on the series. “At one point I was putting on a couple of pounds every week. By the time I was 18 I was well over 300lbs. “I remember just eating and eating and eating so much. And I had just never been able to stop.” During her time on the series, Dottie eventually managed to cut her weight back down to under 300lbs for the first time since her teenage years. She was able to achieve her goals thanks to Dr. Nowzaradan (aka Dr Now) and her personal trainer Kristina, and her latest posts seem to confirm she has maintained her health. Following her time on the series, she later married Chris Potts so now goes by Dottie Potts. While she isn’t very active on social media, she looks healthier than ever in her latest Facebook pictures from the past couple of years. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us season 2 confirmed after just 2 episodes [LATEST]Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [OPINION]Big Bang Theory's Melissa Rauch says ‘never say never’ to revival [INTERVIEW] However, not everything has been smooth sailing for Dottie, as she actually sued Megalomedia, the company behind My 600lb Life, for her time on the series. A number of guests on the series have filed lawsuits against the company, most of them due to emotional turmoil they claim they experienced during filming. Dottie’s lawsuit claimed the producers misrepresented her weight loss journey during her time on the show. Although the series depicts her gaining weight at some points, Dottie argued she actually steadily lost weight. Moreover, she said Megalomedia claimed they would pay all her medical expenses, but she was actually left with a huge amount of debt. In 2020, a judge denied the company’s request to dismiss the 10 lawsuits against the company, although this has now been overturned. Megalomedia claimed the show’s subjects signed a number of agreements before appearing in the series, and My 600lb Life still continues to this day, with spin-off My 600lb Life: Where Are They Now? in tow. My 600lb Life season 11 premieres Wednesday, February 1 on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.