Arsenal have been told of one advantage they have over both Manchester United and Liverpool in their pursuit of West Ham captain Declan Rice. The Gunners have reportedly made the England star their top summer target, who is understood to be open to a move to the Emirates. West Ham are resigned to losing their star man in the summer, as the 24-year-old has turned down the option to extend his deal and stay amid a disappointing campaign so far that has the Hammers facing a relegation battle. The Gunners are said to be optimistic that they can beat their Premier League rivals to a potential £75million deal for Rice, who would become their record signing. Rice has previously attracted interest from Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea, but former Cardiff and England striker Jay Bothroyd has predicted that he will pick a move to Arsenal over the likes of United and Liverpool partially due to one important geographical factor. “Declan Rice? He’s coming [to] Arsenal, isn’t he?!” Bothroyd told Sky Sports. “He’s coming to Arsenal. I don’t think so [Rice ending up in Manchester]. He’s a London boy. I think he wants to be in London. I think it will be Arsenal or Chelsea, for me.” Rice has spent his entire career in London, having spent time in the Chelsea youth setup before moving to West Ham at the age of 14. Arsenal could have a significant advantage over the likes of United and Liverpool if Rice wants to remain in the capital, though they will still be wary of Chelsea gazumping them to another transfer. Mikel Arteta’s outfit are currently hopeful they can beat the likes of Chelsea to Rice, especially if the Blues do not qualify for the Champions League next season as they are languishing in mid-table under Graham Potter.  Chelsea were able to hijack Arsenal’s pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk, however, as the Gunners also looked to be frontrunners to sign the 22-year-old Ukrainian winger but Todd Boehly and co swooped in to complete a deal and Mudryk is in line to make his Chelsea debut on Saturday against Liverpool. Rice could join Leandro Trossard at the Emirates, even though any deal for the English midfielder will take place in the summer, as Arsenal are closing in on a move for the Belgian after missing out on Mudryk. Brighton are holding out for £26m for the 28-year-old, who will add some desperately needed quality in depth for the current Premier League table-toppers. Another midfielder has been earmarked as the club’s next priority as competition has been needed for the likes of Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka, though Arteta will need to be patient and wait until the end of the season in order to land Rice and keep him in London.