A mum claims her son was sent home from hospital twice despite "suffocating" on the waiting room floor before later dying of Strep A. Sajida Jabeen says doctors gave eight-year-old Mohammad Izaan Danish doses of ibuprofen and a nebulizer before realising how severe his condition was two days later. The mum-of-three claims she waited six hours on two separate occasions at Bradford Royal Infirmary begging doctors to take her son's symptoms seriously. On their second visit, the 39-year-old said Mohammad was forced to sit on the hospital floor while suffering severe chest pains as there were no chairs left. Sajida said the true extent of Mohammad’s illness was only noted at a GP appointment, leading her to rush him back to the hospital for treatment. However, just over three weeks later, he succumbed to the virus that has so far taken the lives of around 30 children in the UK this winter. Sajida said she was "angry" that doctors had not cared for him sooner after the hospital trust confirmed it would launch a "thorough investigation" into his passing.  She said: "I’m angry. He was on the floor, suffocating with chest pain and a temperature. He couldn’t even lie down. There was no place for him. "They could have taken more care of him and taken him into a ward or something. "There was a four- to six-hour wait, and then they gave him ibuprofen, which they shouldn’t have. "He was just really friendly and happy, always smiling." Sajida, a full-time mum from Bradford, West Yorkshire, said Mohammad had begun to feel unwell around December 9 last year, suffering from a cough and a temperature. She decided to take him to Bradford Royal Infirmary (BRI) A&E on the evening of December 10, as she worried about his worsening symptoms. But she claims doctors simply gave him medicine before telling her it was fine for him to go home after they waited around six hours for assistance.  Sajida claimed they got the same response when she took Mohammad back to the hospital the following evening, on December 11, even as he experienced chest pains. She said: "I took him to the hospital, the BRI. There was a wait and they saw him and gave him ibuprofen. "And then after another wait, they gave him a nebulizer. Then they said, 'He’s ok, he can go home'. "The second day was worse, and there was another wait, and he ended up on the floor. There were no chairs or anything to sit on. “He couldn’t even lie down because his chest was hurting really badly. He just wanted to sit up. "They gave him ibuprofen. He had a temperature. I was waiting for another four to six hours." Sajida said she had a GP appointment booked the next morning for Mohammad, and medics had later given her permission to take him back home. But when she visited her local surgery, she said her doctor was shocked at the health of the little boy and told her to go back to the hospital immediately.  She said: "The doctor was really, really shocked. He was really poorly. "He said, "Why didn’t you take him to the hospital?' I said, 'I have been taking him but they’re not really doing that much.' "I quickly took him to the hospital. He had given me a note, and I gave it to them. They started checking on him, and that was it." Mohammad was admitted to the BRI on December 12, before he was transferred to Leeds General Infirmary the following day. But tragically, on January 6 this year, he passed away from pneumonia Strep A. Sajida said about her son: "He really liked playing football. He was a fan of Manchester United. He wanted to do lots of things. He was a happy kid. "He was in year four, and he loved learning. He liked his teachers and his friends." Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust’s Chief Medical Officer, Dr Ray Smith: "I would like to send our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Izaan’s parents on the tragic death of their son. "I will conduct a thorough investigation and the findings will be shared with Izaan’s parents once completed."