Zara Tindall, 41, met her husband Mike, 44, on the famous bridge when he finished fourth on I'm A Celebrity. Fans went wild for how incredible the daughter of Princess Anne looked in her £159 Paige Jeans "Mayslie playsuit in dark matter". Since landing back in the UK, Zara has made a few royal appearances, including at the Together at Christmas carol concert hosted by Kate Middleton in December, where she wore a gorgeous burgundy coat from Karen Millen. Later on Christmas Day, the royal wore a new LK Bennett "Christie Black And White Herringbone Dress Coat". Then on New Year's Day, the mother of three stepped out in "The Fold Finchley Herringbone Wool Coat in Indigo" for £650. What diet does Zara follow? Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what the Olympic equestrian does to stay healthy. READ MORE: Kate Middleton is called a different name by Queen Letizia of Spain She said: "Riding physically strengthens the body, especially the core. It's a full-body workout and helps to increase our balance and improves our posture. "It's likely that your posture out of the saddle will improve the more regularly you ride." The expert also expanded on the fitness routine Zara follows to stay fit. Ms Campus explained: "As an athlete and former Olympic silver medallist, Zara has always been in tune with what it takes to get her body into peak physical condition.   "Even now, Zara appears to have maintained many of those foundational habits formed during her years as a competitive athlete. "Zara and Mike have an extensive gym installed in their estate home. Zara likes to squeeze in a quick workout in their home gym before her children wake up – with her preference being to jump on an exercise bike for a spin. "During her peak equestrian eventing days, Zara had to 'work hard' on her fitness, which included riding up to eight horses a day. "At that time, Zara’s regimen also included swimming and cycling for fitness, strength and endurance." READ MORE: Kitty Spencer 'bans' scales at home - despite remarkable weight loss  Zara reportedly does not follow any specific diet plan to help maintain her figure but rather sticks to a few basic food rules. Ms Campus claimed: "Zara follows two very simple food rules to stay on track; namely, limiting carbohydrates and sugar as much as possible. "She doesn’t diet but tries to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things. "A typical plate of hers is full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients.  "Zara tends to start the day at 7am with a simple breakfast of Greek yoghurt and honey. "This would carry her through to lunchtime, where she’d enjoy a fuss-free 'simple' meal, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. "Healthy home-cooked meals are Zara’s preference at dinner time. "Her husband Mike Tindall confirmed that Zara is 'an awesome cook,' and 'does all the cooking in the house'." 