The Apprentice has been criticised for its lack of diversity in the latest series. Natalie Duvall and Alison Burton, who have appeared on Dragons’ Den, claimed the BBC series has “erased dark-skinned black businesswomen” from the competition which sees hopefuls compete to secure an investment from Lord Sugar. The pair took to Instagram to share their “sadness” over the lack of “dark-skinned women” on this year’s line-up. The BBC have since hit back at the accusation, insisting they “are committed to ensuring we represent the brilliant diversity of our audiences”. In their Instagram post, Natalie and Alison shared: “Why are Black female entrepreneurs being erased on shows like these? More specifically… darker skinned representation? Where are they? “We know they apply and we know there are lots of show researchers who look for “talent” to fill these roles. So what happened this year on @apprenticeuk? READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams “Yes we know it’s just a TV show… but it has an impact, and why can’t we be a part of it? So many young people watch these shows and you can’t be what you can’t see." They added: “We need equity, investment and to be in the boardroom. “@apprenticeuk 2023 is just a clear example of what is always happening in the corporate world. Black Women Erased! As gatekeepers, @bbc need to do better.” Responding, a BBC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We are really proud of the black female entrepreneurs that have been on Dragons’ Den and The Apprentice and who have gone on to achieve great success as business leaders. “Both shows are committed to ensuring we represent the brilliant diversity of our audiences, and the nuances of their experience(s) in business. “We strive to do this not only through our selection of entrepreneurs on Dragons’ Den but also with those business owners and professionals who feature on The Apprentice. “On both of these shows we make active efforts to reach a wide range of black women in business as we know the valuable contribution they make to the UK and global economy, and we are pleased with the diverse range of contestants who have taken part across both series and the contribution they make to the success of those shows. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice viewers spot huge 'safety blunder' during first task [LATEST]Karren Brady details off-screen friendship with The Apprentice star [EXCLUSIVE]Karren Brady says Camilla 'won her over' with cause 'close to heart' [INTERVIEW] “However, as always, we will continue to make active efforts to ensure Black Women join Lord Sugar in the boardroom, and can pitch to The Dragons, as we always want to continue to authentically reflect our audiences.” BBC viewers pointed out the lack of black women on this year’s The Apprentice when it returned on Thursday night. @MissFeyi posted on Twitter: “I’ve noticed a lot of reality tv shows in todays time that claim to represent all people have no black women contestants/cast: Love is Blind, The Challenge, The Apprentice are some examples.” “Not only is there no eye candy on The Apprentice this year, where are the black women?” @hadleyogarro tweeted. @Ronkelawal asked: “Why aren't Black women applying to be on The Apprentice anymore?” @cecediamond replied: “Maybe they’re applying but not being chosen.” The Apprentice has not had a darker-skinned woman on the series since digital marketing manager Joanna Jarjue appeared in 2017. The Apprentice continues Thursday on BBC One at 9pm.