Sir Keir Starmer, a former Remain voter, has pledged to introduce a Take Back Control Bill in his first term in power, pinching the infamous slogan from Vote Leave. The announcement was delivered in the opposition leader's first major speech for 2023, which outlined the party's vision for the UK. Sir Keir pledged to "embrace the Take Back Control message", saying he will "turn it from a slogan to a solution". The Take Back Control Bill will form the centrepiece of Labour's first King's Speech, Sir Keir said. It would involve the devolution of power away from Westminster, providing communities with the right to request more power. The Labour leader explained: "We will spread control out of Westminster. Devolve new powers over employment support, transport, energy, climate change, housing, culture, childcare provision and how councils run their finances. "And we’ll give communities a new right to request powers which go beyond this.   The Labour leader also pledged to repeal the Government's proposed anti-strike legislation, saying it is "likely to make a bad situation worse". The Government is understood to be preparing to unveil new legislation to enforce "minimum service levels" in certain sectors in the coming days. The laws will require a proportion of union members to continue working to retain a "minimum level" of service and strikes could be deemed illegal if unions refuse to provide this. The six sectors involved are believed to be: the health service, railways, education, fire services, border security and nuclear energy. But speaking about the plans, the Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." Sir Keir said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it. "And the reason for that is I do not think that legislation is the way that you bring an end to industrial disputes. You have to get in the room and compromise. "You can't legislate your way out of 30 years, 13 years of failure. So, you know, as I say, the government's all over the show. Will we repeal it? Yes, we will." 