Prince Harry’s hero Ben McBean – who lost an arm and leg in Afghanistan – has told him to “leave it now and just crack on with his life”. The veteran criticised the Duke of Sussex in a message which includes a photo of a passage from the memoir Spare.  In the passage Prince Harry describes how a marine told him about the moment he lost his leg and then how he watched, as part of the rehab regime, as the man went up and down a climbing wall.  Responding to the text, Commando McBean wrote: “This is supposed to be about me. If so cool, thank you. It’s me. However, does that mean that I can’t think that Prince Harry should leave it now and just crack on with his life? "I’ve liked Harry from day one but I don’t have to support everything he does. It’s called my opinion!”  Prince Harry called Commando McBean a "real hero" after they shared an RAF flight back from the war zone in 2008.  But revelations from the Prince’s memoir have not gone down well with Mr McBean who says that he has shared far too much information.  One of the most controversial aspects of the book for veterans, and those in the military, is how Harry revealed that he killed 25 Taliban insurgents while serving in Afghanistan. In response to that, Commando McBean tweeted: “Love you Prince Harry but you need to shut up! “Makes you wonder about the people he’s hanging around with. If it was good people, somebody by now would have told him to stop.”  READ MORE: Uranium seizure at Heathrow indicates ‘dry run for a dirty bomb’  And speaking on GB News about Prince Harry’s body count he said: “I don't think revealing the body count was wise.  “Revealing certain information, I don't think is wise and that's what he's done. “Now, there is obviously a backlash off the back of it and that's done him and his family no favours. “You’d have thought he might have some kind of team, advising him. It means we're talking about the book, but all for the wrong reasons. It's not a good thing, but it's too late now.”  DON'T MISSPolice rage at Harry as they order him to 'stop slagging off' Wills [REPORT]Marbella marina up in flames as boats engulfed by blaze [PICTURED]Woman catches husband in 'disgusting act' with teenage babysitter [REVEALED]  The double-amputee ran a marathon on a prosthetic leg and it is this which is said to have inspired Prince Harry to launch the Invictus Games for wounded veterans.  Harry also turned up to cheer the veteran on when he raised money for the Royal British Legion in 2014 by running 31 miles in the shape of a poppy.  The Sun reports that at the time Commando McBean said: “He told me to go have a bath and a well-deserved beer. It was just like picking up where we left off.”  The father-of-two from Plymouth says Harry will regret his revelations in the future. 