Kaleidoscope, formerly referred to as Jigsaw, came out in full on New Year's Day and fans have loved binging the eight-episode season. Unlike other Netflix shows, creator Eric Garcia ensured subscribers would have a unique experience by making Kaleidoscope viewable in almost any order. Having only been out a couple of days, the show has already shot to the top five most-watched shows on Netflix in the UK. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Kaleidoscope.Kaleidoscope on Netflix sees a group of criminals working together to gain access to a vault containing $7 billion in bonds. But it is protected by the world's most powerful corporate security team so it's no easy feat to piece together an "elaborate puzzle of corruption, greed, vengeance, scheming, loyalties and betrayals", which leads them to crack it open. The events of Kaleidoscope take place over a 25-year period, following the thieves' lives and how they are finally able to come up with a master plan. The drama is a fictional tale but it has come out that it was very loosely based on true events. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer According to TV Line, Kaleidoscope was inspired by the ture story where $70 billion in bonds went missing in downtown Manhattan. The incident reportedly occurred during Hurricane Sandy, the largest Atlantic hurricane on record, in late 2012. There's no knowledge of a group of thieves stealing the bonds but creator Garcia believes it was likely. Talking to Tudum, he said his drama is "loosely based on a thing that might have happened". “That’s a perfect cover-up for a heist. If I’m doing a heist, I’m going to use Hurricane Sandy as my excuse.” As previously mentioned, Kaleidoscope is an anthology series of sorts as the show can be watched in almost any order, bar the final episode. The episodes take place between 25 years before the heist and six months after it takes place. After each subscriber watches the intro asset called "Black", Netflix cues up the episodes in a random order to give all users a "different immersive viewing experience". No matter who you are though, Kaleidoscope always ends with the dedicated final episode White. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [ROYAL]Here's where you may recognise the cast of The Lying Life of Adults [CAST]POLL – Is it time for Royal Family to speak out on Prince Harry? [POLL] While they won't necessarily appear in this order for subscribers, here are the show's episode titles in chronological order: Yellow: 6 Weeks Before The Heist Green: 7 Years Before the Heist Blue: 5 Days Before the Heist Violet: 24 Years Before the Heist Orange: 3 Weeks Before the Heist Red: The Morning After the Heist Pink: 6 Months After White: The Heist - the final episode Portraying the leader and "mastermind" Leo Pap is Breaking Bad star, Giancarlo Esposito. He is joined by Rambo: Last Blood's Paz Vega as Ava Mercer, Amani's Rosaline Elbay as Judy Goodwin and Jack Reacher star Jai Courtney as Bob Goodwin. Other cast members include Peter Mark Kendall, Jordan Mendoza, Rufus Sewell and Tati Gabrielle. Kaleidoscope is available to watch on Netflix.