Everton have been put for sale by owner Farhad Moshiri amid growing unrest between the fanbase and the board, according to reports. The Toffees sacked manager Frank Lampard on Monday evening with the club potentially facing relegation from the Premier League and it appears Moshiri is ready to step aside if he can recoup £500million from the sale of the club. The Guardian report Moshiri has finally agreed to put Everton on the market, and the British-Iranian businessman is thought to be willing to consider a minority or majority sale. A number of potential buyers have expressed interest, with several buyers linked with a takeover at the start of the season. The Merseyside outfit are down in 19th in the table after collecting only 15 points from their first 20 games this season, with Lampard overseeing the club's worst start to a Premier League season. Fans have called for the board to resign after a lack of investment and years of botched recruitment strategies in the transfer market. The threat of relegation has pushed the club into crisis mode and they are yet to appoint a new manager, with Ralph Hasenhuttl and Marcelo Bielsa both on their shortlist of candidates. READ MORE: Everton takeover talks 'advanced' as Moshiri negotiates £400m deal American financial firm Deloitte have been tasked with overseeing the sale of the club with offers set to be made for the Premier League strugglers, who were taken over by Moshiri in 2016 in a £200m deal for a 49.9 per cent stake. The club have pressed ahead with plans to build a new 50,000-seater stadium at Bramley-Moore Dock, but the report suggests Moshiri is hoping to recoup the majority of the money invested in the project. Indeed, Moshiri has denied suggestions he wants to sell the club and insists he needs funding, with stadium costs spiralling towards £700m: “The club is not for sale but I have been talking to top investors to bridge a gap on the stadium," he said. "I can do it myself but I want to bring top sport investors into Everton. We are close to having a deal done.” DON'T MISS Everton 'rejected' by Bielsa and one other manager targetEverton 'dressing room bust-up' as Lampard ordered star to train aloneEverything Wayne Rooney has said on Everton job as Lampard nears sack The club have spent over £500m in transfer fees alone since his arrival at the club and finished in the top eight in his first three seasons. However, results have nosedived on the pitch and the club only stayed up with one game to spare after finishing 16th in 2021-22. The news comes just one day after Lampard was sacked, with Everton also stunned by Tottenham's hijack of their loan deal to sign Arnaut Danjuma. The Dutchman had been poised to seal his move to Goodison Park with a medical even completed, before the north London side swooped on Tuesday. Anthony Gordon and Amadou Onana have also been linked with moves away from Merseyside, with Newcastle United in discussions over a deal to sign 21-year-old academy graduate Gordon. Fans have protested over the presence of the board members at recent matches, with safety concerns still prominent ahead of their next match against Arsenal on February 4.