Video footage has emerged showing Casemiro having a furious exchange with a Manchester United medic during his side’s 2-1 win over Manchester City on Saturday. The Red Devils took all three points at Old Trafford courtesy of goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. And their midfield warrior was the heartbeat of the team once again as they battled their way to victory. Manchester United were too strong for City, who had taken the lead through Jack Grealish before goals from Fernandes and Rashford turned the tide. And Casemiro was impressive once again in the middle of the park, with the Brazil international helping to nullify Rodri. Video footage from @UtdFaithfuls, however, shows the midfielder involved in a furious exchange with one of the club’s medical department. The United star was being escorted off the field during the game where he then pushed back, throwing his arms into the air as well. Casemiro was also seen barking orders to his United team-mates as he waited for the referee to allow him back onto the pitch. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big While he was only temporarily out of the action, the midfielder still showed his leadership skills from afar. And he then sprinted onto the field as quick as possible once he’d got the green light to come back on. Casemiro has been remarkable since joining United from Real Madrid back in the summer, having survived some early teething problems to become an undroppable presence in Erik ten Hag’s side. The veteran was initially behind Scott McTominay in his manager’s pecking order, with the Scotland international enjoying a positive start to the season. But, after a 6-3 mauling by City earlier in the season, Casemiro was then unleashed. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see He’s become a regular in the team ever since and while Frenkie de Jong was the club’s preferred target in the summer, Casemiro has proved to be money well spent. United defender Raphael Varane was full of praise for his team-mate after the win over City, saying: "There are no words. "He covers so much ground. He runs so much. He’s aggressive when he wants the ball, yet calm when he has the ball. "He was incredible." And Varane also opened up on what Ten Hag had told his players in the dressing room before United put their rivals to the sword. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It was a good game. We prepared so well tactically for this game with the manager,” he said. “We spoke a lot with him. "We knew exactly what we wanted to do. In this game we played better in the first half but we didn’t score. “In the second part we played a little poor. It was difficult, City played well. “Then we became efficient. It was a special game, a comeback and in our own home. "We’re now much better than the last game (against City). We know better now what the manager wants and how he wants to do it. “We’ve seen the evolution in this team. It was a complete game at a high level. We’re very happy. "We know that City play very well. They press, they have a lot of the ball. So we chose when to press and where to close the spaces. “We knew where to hurt them and we have players who are very fast up front. We had to use our fast players."