Our homes are often dustier during the winter months, which has led to a surge in searches for dust-related cleaning tips. In fact, Google searches in the UK for "how to reduce dust in house" have increased by 250 percent in the past 90 days, showing this is an issue many people are experiencing. However, rather than grabbing the furniture polish and some cloths, there are plenty of household items Britons can use to banish dust. Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk has shared four expert ways to reduce dust in your home, including using baby oil. Dust is especially common on wooden surfaces like shelves, tables and TV stands, however, baby oil which costs as little as £1 could leave wooden surfaces both "dust-free" and "sparkling". Ryan explained: "Simply apply a small amount of oil to a cleaning cloth and wipe the wooden surfaces in circular motions. Be sure not to try this on your wooden floors as this could cause them to be slippery." READ MORE: Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item Johnson’s baby oil costs £1 from Asda and £1.49 from The Range. Boots Baby Oil costs £1.59. If you’re struggling to keep your skirting boards dust free this hack could stop dust from sticking to them "for months". All you need is tumble dryer sheets which you can buy for as little as £1.29. Ryan explained: "Wipe down all of the skirting boards in your home with tumble dryer sheets, we recommend using a new sheet per room, or if the room is larger you may need to use two. "This will create static which should stop dust from sticking to them for weeks on end, repeat this every month to prevent the build-up of dust." DON'T MISS Pruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT] David Domoney shares 4 houseplants that act as ‘mould-busters’ [UPDATE] Best methods to water snake plants to avoid ‘rotting’ plant's roots [ANALYSIS] Swirl Tumble Dry Sheets cost £1.29 from The Range. Lenor Fabric Tumble Dryer Sheets cost £2. Comfort Intense Tumble Dryer Sheets cost £1.50. Dust can make glass tables, shelves and surfaces look dirty and unsightly. However, using fabric softener - an item most people have in their homes - could prevent dust from gathering completely. In a spray bottle, mix together two tablespoons of fabric conditioner and one cup of water before shaking the bottle. Spray the mixture onto a cleaning cloth to dampen it and wipe down the entire surface. READ MORE: Mum's oven cleaning tip will keep it 'cleaner for longer' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This hack should prevent the fust from settling on the glass surface. Ocado Clear Skies Fabric Conditioner costs £1.85. Wilko Spring Skies Concentrated Fabric Conditioner costs £2.50. Dust often gathers in places that can be difficult to fully clean such as the inside of lampshades, blinds and skirting boards. When this happens, try swapping a cleaning cloth for a clean sock, place this over your hand and wipe down the nooks and crannies. There’s no need to buy new socks to do this, if you use a clean pair this will work perfectly. A damp microfibre cloth can also be used to remove dust from surfaces. Microfibre cloths are good for cleaning because they're positively charged and attract negatively charged dirt and grease.