Many Britons are facing financial challenges and are looking for as much support as possible. To assist, Iona Bain, BBC Morning Live’s financial expert, was on hand to answer questions from concerned individuals this morning. A woman named Barbara was keen to get in touch with the programme to gain some assistance. She explained she had been widowed and was currently living by herself in a bungalow. Barbara added her home was in council tax band F, and she was eager to find ways to save money. Presenter Gethin Jones said the question was important as it is vital to make sure “people aren’t missing out on support”. READ MORE: Britons call for ‘unmetered energy tariff’ for elderly and disabled He immediately pointed out Barbara and other single people may be eligible for council tax assistance. Ms Bain agreed and explained: “She could be getting 25 percent off her council tax. “So, she needs to make sure she’s getting that, straight off the bat. “Then, depending on her age, she could check out whether she is eligible for working-age benefits or pension age benefits such as Pension Credit.” DON'T MISSHours left to secure pension ‘bumper boost’ [ANALYSIS]500,000 people set to miss out on 10.1% state pension boost [LATEST]‘Popular myth’ about Premium Bonds dispelled as prize draw looms [UPDATE] The Government estimates Pension Credit could be worth some £3,500 per year to eligible people. It is also described as a gateway benefit as it can open Britons up to wider support. This could include council tax support, a free TV licence for over 75s, and help with health costs. However, Ms Bain suggested Barbara could be eligible for further help, particularly as she has lost her husband. READ MORE: ‘Nail in his coffin’ - Hiking state pension age to ‘destroy Sunak' The expert continued: “Also, she should check out bereavement support payments. This will depend on when her partner passed away. “But, these can be claimed up to 21 months after the death of a spouse. “However, in some circumstances, you could claim this money if your other half passed away more than 21 months ago. “If Barbara thinks she might qualify, it’s a good idea for her to contact the Bereavement Service Helpline.” Those eligible for a Bereavement Support Payment should get a first payment, and then up to 18 monthly payments - and there are two rates. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For the first payment, the higher rate is £3,500 and the lower rate is £2,500. For monthly payments, the higher rate is £350 per month, with the lower rate at £100. Individuals must claim within three months of their partner’s death to get the full amount. The Government website explained: “You can claim up to 21 months after their death but you’ll get fewer monthly payments.” The payment has replaced Bereavement Allowance (previously Widow’s Pension), Bereavement Payment, and Widowed Parent’s Allowance. Individuals will be able to claim for this support online, by telephone or by post. However, they will need to have the following information to hand: