Queen Elizabeth II said it was her "sincere wish" for King Charles III's wife to have the title of Queen Consort Camilla. Yet Camilla could see her title changed later this year, before the Coronation, to drop the word “consort” and bring her name in line with previous spouses of the Monarch. However, a new poll of Express.co.uk readers has found almost 60 per cent disagree. On the 70th anniversary of her ascension to the throne, the late Queen announced: “It is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” Buckingham Palace officials reportedly hope to change Camilla’s title to Queen Camilla ahead of the Coronation on May 6. Daily Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said there has been “no official word from the Palace” on changes to Camilla’s title but suggested that it could be imminent. He told host Pandora Forsyth on this week's Daily Express Royal Round-Up: “Some papers refer to her as the Queen. I think they will drop the Consort at some point. Every Queen Consort has just been known as the Queen” He added that the change is dependent upon the public’s acceptance of Camilla, explaining: “I think it is just that Elizabeth II was on the throne for 70 years, for many people in the world she was just the Queen. A case of putting some distance between her death and how Camilla is described”. He added: “By the Coronation, they will just be calling her the Queen.” READ MORE: Queen Camilla set to drop 'consort' from her official title In a poll that ran from 8am on Saturday, January 28, to 4pm on Monday, January 30, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Queen Camilla be allowed to drop ‘consort’ from her title?” Overall, 16,834 readers cast their votes, with the vast majority, 59 per cent (9,894 people) answering “no” Camilla shouldn't be allowed to change her title. In contrast, 40 per cent (6,774 people) said “yes” she should be known as Queen Camilla, and a further one per cent (166 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Camilla’s title. Many readers commented that Camilla should respect Queen Elizabeth II’s wish. Username 031504 said: “The Queen herself wanted Camilla to be Queen Consort. The late Queen Elizabeth II made her wish known. Honour it!” Similarly, username puresense wrote: “They should honour our late Queen's wishes! Had she wanted Camilla to be Queen, she wouldn't have given the title of Queen Consort. It's disrespectful to drop the latter.” Username corona said: “Queen Elizabeth stated quite clearly and explicitly that Camilla should be known as 'Queen Consort'. She was unequivocal and she put no time limit on it.” And username Cruz marin added: “No that's what Queen Elizabeth wanted. Respect her wishes.” DON'T MISS: Queen Camilla's gesture suggests 'some levels of anxiety' [INSIGHT]Camilla's 'dignified silence' admired by Americans [LATEST]Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims [REPORT] Whereas other readers commented that it is common for previous spouses to drop consort. Username bettybooboo said: “We never referred to Queen Mary or Queen Elizabeth the Queen mother as Consort when they were married to the reigning monarch so why continue with Camilla?” Another, username coxalla, said: “The title is always Queen Consort, but normally the Consort is dropped purely for convenience. She is the wife of the King, and calling her Queen would be normal and does not change her legal title.” Username Norfolkbump said: “I can't see that our current Queen needs any 'permission' to drop the 'Consort' bit when referring to her.” While username Mildred Rosenstein thought she was deserving of being known as Queen Camilla, commenting: “She makes the King happier than I’ve ever seen him. She has earned the title.”  Camilla will be crowned alongside the King at the Westminster Abbey Coronation ceremony on Saturday, May 6. She will reportedly not wear the imperial crown featuring the controversial Koh-i-Noor diamond, chosen by previous Queens, including the late Queen Mother at King George VI's coronation in 1936. Camilla has a YouGov popularity rating of 39 per cent, making her the 10th most popular member of the Royal Family. Meanwhile, data from May 2022 shows that 39 per cent of Britons think Camilla should be known as Princess Consort, compared to 20 per cent who think she should be known as Queen. A further 23 per cent said she should have no title and 18 perc ent said they did not know.