There are many hacks and tips that are constantly being recommended to car owners. Some of them work and some of them do not. I decided to try an exclusive test of one of them out to see whether a car's interior can be left sparkling with a dash of olive oil. The hack involves applying a small amount of olive oil onto a soft cloth and rubbing it into the car's dashboard until it disappears. The result is meant to leave drivers with a sparkle that will not go away for days or even weeks. The tip was even recommended by experts at the RAC who said: "A dust-free dashboard is one thing, but don’t you fancy one that sparkles? "Avoid buying pricy specialist gear with a rag and some olive oil – the perfect-in-car polish. READ MORE: ‘Quickest and easiest’ ways to defrost car doors in the morning "A spring cleaning favourite, this kitchen-based solution won’t cost much and should leave a pleasing smell too." With the experts' blessing and a dashboard full of dust, I decided to see what the hype is all about. I grabbed a bottle of olive oil from the kitchen cupboard and went downstairs to perform the "procedure" on my car. The soft cloths in the boot also came in useful. I simply added a dash of oil onto one of the cloths before entering the car and rubbing the dashboard with it. DON'T MISS  Drivers encouraged to use a 'magic' one-button tip to defrost car [INSIGHT] Engine oil mistake may lead to 'staggering' petrol and diesel costs [WARNING] Simple gear-changing technique may help drivers slash fuel consumption [REVEAL]   I would recommend putting the oil onto the cloth before entering the car in case of any spillage. Two splashes of olive oil were enough to cover the entire dashboard. I was worried at first as the traces of oil wouldn't disappear. However, after a minute of rubbing the cloth they were all gone. I did not see any major results straight away, except for the dust being completely gone. As for the promised sparkle, I was quite disappointed as I couldn't see it. READ MORE: Electric car drivers demand more home charging options Luckily, a few moments later the sparkle got stronger, especially in the sunlight. It has been a few days since I used the olive oil and my car's interior is still sparkling. It's definitely a much cheaper option than buying specialist products that will probably have a similar effect on the dashboard. As for the smell, I did not notice any. I'm not sure whether that's a bad thing as I don't think that olive oil smells particularly nice. Another reason for the lack of smell could be that I didn't use enough olive oil. The hack doesn't require much effort and can be done in about five minutes, and that includes the walk to the car from my front door. Will I be doing this again? Possibly. Although the results weren't as jaw-dropping as I expected. Or maybe I just don't need my car's dashboard to be sparkling. Nonetheless, for anyone who wants to show off a shiny car interior, this trick is definitely one to try out.  