According to the latest Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) released on Thursday, fewer people than ever reported having been a victim of crime – dispelling fears of a crimewave. The findings contrast sharply with police recorded figures, with the notable exception of sexual offences rising at an alarming rate. In terms of outcomes, the proportion of reported crimes leading to a conviction remains extremely low relative to the recent past.   Based on face-to-face interviews in which members of the public are asked about their experiences with crime, the CSEW conducted by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) is a better indicator of long-term trends than police figures. Crimes recorded by police are subject to changes in recording processes, the addition of new offences and more victims coming forward, in addition to genuine variations in the number of crimes taking place. As a result, while the Home Office claims crimes increased ten percent on pre-pandemic levels during the year ending September 2022 to a historic high of 6.6 million – ONS survey results indicate a ten percent decrease over the same time period. The police recorded increase was largely driven by offences in categories most subject to changes in reporting practices according to the ONS, and as such is likely not representative of genuine uptick in crime. The CSEW has been conducted for over 40 years. Long-term data show the total number of offences has decreased significantly from a 1995 peak. The overall number of crimes committed was at its lowest level on record this year.   The CSEW can be used alongside police recorded time to provide a complete picture of illegal activity. Released on Thursday, the latest CSEW represents the first time a full year of data was able to be collected since the pandemic. The observed fall was predominantly the result of theft offences going down by 20 percent from 3.3 million in the year to March 2020 to 2.6 million in the year to September 2022. Offences of “theft from the person” dropped 32 percent, and there was a 30 percent reduction in domestic burglary. Theft is generally well reported to police, and as such recorded figures mirror this trend, coming in 15 percent lower than pre-pandemic levels, including a 28 percent decrease in burglary. Overall, approximately eight in ten adults did not experience any of the crimes asked about in the CSEW. Of all types of crime, being the victim of fraud was the most likely at six percent. READ MORE: Man arrested after police officer stabbed on job  Survey results are perhaps most useful when it comes to domestic abuse and sexual offences, where high levels of non-reporting and regularly updated recording practices can impact police figures heavily. CSEW estimates show that fewer than one in six victims of rape or assault by penetration tend to report the crime to the police, and that in more than one in three cases the perpetrator is a partner, ex-partner or family member. Results for the six months leading up to March 2022 show 5.7 percent of adults aged 16 to 59 years experienced domestic abuse, while three percent had been the victim of sexual assault in the last year. Bucking the overall trend of decline in crime, police figures show sexual offences hit an annual record high of 199,021 in the year to September 2022 – a 22% increase from the year ending March 2020. DON'T MISS:Disabled RAF veteran is ‘poisoning herself with opioids’ to stay warm [INSIGHT]Interactive map shows UK's biggest gas and electric users by postcode [REVEAL]Kate follows Queen and Philip's golden rule on public engagements [REPORT]POLL – Do you think Rishi Sunak is a ‘weak’ Prime Minister [POLL]   The CSEW provides the best picture of overall violent crime, estimates showing 1.1 million violent offences in the year ending September 2022, a nine percent decrease on the year leading up to the pandemic. Violent crime is roughly four times less common than it was at its mid-Nineties highpoint. Homicide figures are evidently entirely dependent on police case files – of which there were 663 offences during the year, an eight percent decrease. The rate of homicide was found to have fallen from 12 per million people in the year to March 2020 to 11 per million. Of all homicides recorded by police, a knife or sharp instrument was the method of killing in 39 percent of cases – similar to the 37 percent proportion pre-pandemic. Knife-enabled crime in general remained eight percent lower than before the pandemic, principally due to offences of robbery involving a knife falling by a quarter. Crimes involving a firearm were down four percent.   However, while crime rates falling is good news, the proportion of cases solved by police dropping is not. According to latest Home Office figures, just 5.4 percent of all crimes ended in a charge during the year to June 2022. This is down from 6.5 percent the previous year and 15.5 percent when records began seven years ago. Just 1.5 percent of rapes and 3.1 percent of sexual offences were found to have resulted in the perpetrator being charged. The charging rate for thefts fell by half from 2015 to one in 25, while that for violent crime against the person was down by three-quarters to one in 20. A Home Office spokesperson said: “We know there is more to be done now that restrictions have been lifted and we expect the police to ensure they are getting the basics right. “The Government has given policing an additional £1.1billion this year, including investing millions in tackling crime in the worst affected areas. We are also supporting the recruitment of 20,000 additional officers across England and Wales, with over 13,500 already on the streets, keeping our communities safe.” 