Decorating - from painting to plastering, laying new carpets and even putting up new shelves - can be a costly task. Decorating or sprucing up a room can be particularly expensive if you enlist the help of professionals. However, those willing to give DIY a go could save themselves a considerable lump of cash. And with the cost of living and energy bills on the rise, Britons are looking for affordable ways to revamp their homes on a budge† now more than ever. With this in mind, DIY expert Dave Gordon at SGS Engineering has shared his hacks to spruce up your home for less than a tenner each. Dave said he has recently noticed that the rising cost of living has led to more and more people asking how they can improve their homes while keeping costs low. He continued: “It’s true that some large-scale jobs require a big budget, but it is certainly possible to see a massive improvement to your home by taking some affordable steps. READ MORE: ‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ “Simple things like upcycling furniture, refreshing paintwork, and other small adjustments can make a big difference to your living space.” Two of the easiest ways to transform your home are by refreshing old tile grout and replacing silicone around the house. Here’s how to do it for less than £10: Tile grout is the dense liquid that bonds and seals joints between tiles and is most commonly found in kitchen or bathrooms. However, Dave explained, over time bacteria and dirt collects around the grout which can make them look “faded or discoloured”. DON'T MISSSix ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation [INSIGHT]Household staple to kill moss on paving with ‘no scrubbing’ [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] Grout can be quite hard to clean using conventional methods, but a simple £5 item could revamp your tiles without needing to replace them. Dave said: “A tube of grout reviver from your local DIY store can cost less than £5. “Simply squeeze the tube over discoloured areas and wait for it to dry. Some grout revivers even provide anti-mould treatment while giving your tiles a new look.” Unibond Grout Reviver Pen costs £4.56 from Amazon. Everbuild Forever White Tile Grout Reviver costs £4.86 from Bes.co.uk. Grout Pen, which is designed for restoring tile grout in bathrooms and kitchens, costs £3.95 from B&Q. Much like grout, silicone around showers and sinks will “deteriorate over time” and may eventually get damaged, become discoloured or break off. READ MORE: ‘Rule’ to achieve a ‘professional’ look when painting any room in home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Before placing a new layer on top, it is recommended to remove all the old silicone first using a utility knife. Next, make sure to clear any residue that has been left behind and clean the area with cleaning alcohol. Before applying the new seal, bring some tape and place it around all the edges you want to reseal to prevent anything from spilling over. Using new sealant, which you can pick up from your nearest DIY store for less than £10, slowly close the gap and smoothen the new finish with a caulking tool. Another of Dave’s tips included sprucing up headboards using a sheet of rattan which can be bought online from retailers like eBay. He also suggested removing old and plain door handles for something more interesting. He said this can be an “easy way” to add a bit of character to a home. If you’ve ever noticed paint dimples on your walls, Dave has also shared a way to remove these bumps using a simple household item. All you need is a shower squeegee and new paint to transform dimpled walls. Apply a good layer of fresh paint on the wall and work it into and around the dimples by spreading it with the squeegee. Allow it to sit for a while and notice how your wall is now smooth and bump-free.