Meghan Markle’s best pal Jessica Mulroney, 40, has broken her silence after the publication of Spare and previous issues with the former royal in a subtle show of support. The pair seemingly drifted apart after Mulroney was shamed for so-called "white privilege" and cancelled by her employer, ABC, where she worked as a fashion contributor for Good Morning America. After months of staying silent about Meghan and Harry’s attacks against the Royal Family, Mulroney — a Toronto-based stylist – published a series of sweet throwback snaps of her and Meghan. The friends, who shared a house in Canada, were close pals. Markle even called Mulroney on the day Prince Harry proposed in London, according to the Netflix Docuseries Harry and Meghan. But in 2020, they drifted apart after lifestyle blogger Sasha Exeter attacked Mulroney for comments allegedly which were demonstrable of “white privilege”. At the weekend, she shared a black and white picture of herself at Harry and Meghan's wedding. The photo had featured in the Netflix series. READ MORE: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book  The gesture – which was posted without a caption and prevented users from posting comments – was the first time Mulroney had referred to the docuseries. As a loyal friend of Meghan, she is yet to make any comment over Harry’s new book Spare. According to the Archewell Productions mini-series, moments before Harry bent on one knee in the Walled Garden of Kensington Palace, Meghan apparently video-called Jessica. As she approached the romantic scene, Meghan said: "Oh my God Jess, it's happening. He told me not to peek." Despite apologising, Mulroney was dropped from LBC and she parted company with CTV. Meghan and Jessica had been friends for years before she met Harry, but inevitably their relationship changed after she became a member of the Royal Family. Prince Harry and Meghan moved to Montecito, California, in 2020, after thier exit from the Firm. A source told the Daily Mail Meghan will "always have love for her" and that they have "just grown apart" but not because of any sort of disagreement. But Mulroney did not feature in the docuseries which was released last year. Harry also makes no mention of her in his book Spare and has not spoken about her in any of his TV interviews so far.