Saturday January 7 marked Sunshine Saturday, often thought to be one of the busiest holiday booking days of the year. easyJet, one of the UK’s most popular budget airlines, has several new routes for this summer. The new routes will launch at different times between March to June. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares reason they ‘really don’t like’ excursions easyJet UK country manager, Ali Gayward, said: “We are delighted to be launching even more new routes from the UK today, for next summer. “By further strengthening our network, we’re offering our customers in the UK even greater choice to explore more of the most fantastic beach and city destinations that Europe has to offer.” From June 4, tourists will be able to fly to stunning Corfu from Liverpool Airport. The gorgeous Greek island is said to be one of King Charles III’s favourite holiday destinations. Rhodes, a new destination for tourists from Belfast, was recently named one of the most underrated holiday destinations for 2023. The enchanting Greek destination is even home to one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the Colossus of Rhodes. Tourists flying from Bristol will be able to reach Enfidha, in Tunisia, on a direct easyJet flight this summer. The popular coastal town, close to Sousse, has stunning beaches and sunny weather for much of the year. easyJet will fly twice weekly to Porto from Glasgow from March 31. The Portuguese city is home to the magnificent bookshop which is said to have inspired JK Rowling to write Harry Potter. READ MORE: Safest country in the world for expats named   From June 26, tourists will be able to fly to the northern Italian city, Milan, from Birmingham airport on easyJet. While the city has plenty of its own incredible attractions, it’s also just a short journey from gorgeous Lake Como. Although soaring prices are thought to have affected holiday bookings, travel experts said Britons were still keen for a summer holiday. Travel Republic boss, Antonio Felliono, said there had been growth in two week holiday bookings from British tourists. He said: “Brits are clearly looking to make sure that they get the best value they can by booking two-week holidays, rather than one week, but foregoing their mini breaks. “It’s typical of what we tend to see during times of economic downturn, but their yearly holiday remains sacrosanct.” Hays Travel said its top destination was Spain with Tenerife and Lanzarote particularly popular. Turkey, Portugal and Greece were also high up on British tourists’ wishlists with Italy another popular destination.