Football fans were left confused after watching Brazil hero Pele's coffin be transported around the streets of Brazilian city Sao Paulo on top of a fire engine. A funeral procession was held for the three-time World Cup winner, who died last week, across Monday and Tuesday as the country mourned the loss of their legendary footballer. Pele - full name Edson Arantes do Nascimento - passed away at the age of 82 after a battle with cancer of the colon. The footballer won the 1958, 1962 and 1970 World Cups with the South American nation and claimed to have scored over 1,000 thousands in his illustrious career. Thousands of fans took to the streets to pay their respects to the Santos icon, who had been lying in state at the Urbano Caldeira Stadium since Monday. During the procession, his coffin was carried throughout the city, including in and out the stadium, before he was taken to a private ceremony for his family and close friends where he would be laid to rest at the cemetry. READ MORE: FIFA president under fire for taking selfie at Pele's open casket  Streets were closed along the route, which took Pele from the Urbano Caldeira stadium to the Santos' Memorial Cemetery in Santos, Sao Paulo state. There was a sizeable police presence for the procession, with police motorbikes and trucks riding at the front to clear a path. Pele's coffin, draped in a Brazil flag, was placed on the top of a firetruck in the middle of the convoy. But fans were left confused after watching his coffin switch from being carried by Brazil servicemen to a fire engine waiting outside, which then drove him slowly through the streets past thousands of emotional fans. However, it is tradition for famous sportspeople in the nation to be honoured in such a public manner, which includes the fire engine vehicle. DON'T MISSBrazil begins three days of national mourning over Pele's deathPele's net worth - Footballer died leaving millions to beloved familyPele's daughter shares last picture after father's death @mbpix_8 wrote: "It seems a shame that Pele’s coffin is being carried on a fire engine which is sunken down on top. No one from the street can see the coffin! Why couldn’t they have raised it up so people could see from the street?!" @ojax96 tweeted: "Is there a reason why Pele’s coffin is getting carried on a fire engine?" Another user, @COYIRONS, tweeted suggesting it was not fitting for Pele's status: "Not sure plonking Pele on top of a fire engine really befits the stature of the greatest player the world has ever seen." While some may have felt it was disrespectful to one of the greatest footballers to have graced the game, it is a tradition that has been used with other sport star's funerals in the past. Pele's Brazil team-mate Garrincha, who died at the age of 50 back in 1983, was also given a similar honour when he was taken through the streets of his birthplace, Rio de Janeiro. Crowds of admirers lined the road, threw flowers and waved a last farewell as Garrincha's coffin, draped in the flag of his old club Botafogo, was carried on top of a fire brigade truck from Maracana Stadium for burial near his birthplace 40 miles outside Rio. And it wasn't just footballers. Brazil fell silent when three-time world champion Ayrton Senna died in an accident at the San Marino Grand Prix in 1994. For his funeral, Senna's coffin was also carried on a fire engine as he was transported through Sao Paulo as three million people turned out, making it one of the biggest funerals in history.