Manchester United have confirmed to Atletico Madrid they both like and want to sign Joao Felix in the January transfer window, reports say. The Red Devils are short in firepower up top with Erik ten Hag eager for the club to bring in a new marksman by the end of the month. Cristiano Ronaldo has left Old Trafford, while Jadon Sancho has been absent ever since a draw with Chelsea back in October. Manchester United were linked with Felix back in the summer, with speculation rife they’d even offered Atletico a huge fee of £135million to bring him to Old Trafford. And with Ronaldo now a figure of the club’s past following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan, they’ve now revived interest in the 23-year-old. United want a new striker and Felix is one name who keeps popping up, along with the likes of Memphis Depay and Eric Choupo-Moting. According to Fabrizio Romano, the Red Devils have held talks with Felix’s agent, Mendes, as they look to bolster their attack. They’re said to have confirmed they’re admirers of Felix, who has scored four La Liga goals for Atletico so far this season. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And they also stated they’re keen to bring him to the Premier League, at a time where Chelsea and Arsenal continue to be linked. United will need to meet Atletico’s asking price as things stand, however, with the La Liga giants unwilling to let him go on the cheap. They spent £114million on Felix back in the summer transfer window of 2019, having been impressed by his performances in his homeland with Benfica. So, to let the Portugal international go temporarily, they’re hoping to pocket around £18m in return. Speculation has suggested that’s too high for United, with money in short supply due to the Glazers’ decision to place the club on the market. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United, in negotiating with Mendes, now appear to have confirmed their stance. And their positive relationship with the super-agent could bode well, having dealt with him on a number of occasions over the years. Mendes was agent to Ronaldo until recently, with the duo going their separate ways following the veteran’s move to AL-Nassr. David De Gea was represented by the Portuguese earlier in his career, too, most notably when he signed a new deal with the club in 2015. And Nani and Anderson, two players who won league titles with United, were also clients. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sky Sports’ Dharmesh Sheth, meanwhile, has claimed Arsenal are trying to land Felix as well despite United’s need for another striker. “The only issue for United, with regard to Joao Felix, and why they aren’t going to go for him is simply because they can’t afford the price that Atletico Madrid would be wanting for a six-month loan,” he said. “I’m being told it’s around £19m including wages. £19m for six months? It doesn’t make sense for United as far as they’re concerned. “They would be interested in a player like Joao Felix but not at the terms quoted. “So, yes there was an interest in him, I’m sure it’s just in the background a little bit. “The information I’m getting from sources in Portugal is that Arsenal are really pursuing the Joao Felix deal. They are trying to get Felix and Mykhailo Mudryk as well.” United eyed Felix in the past, before his move to Atletico. He was ultimately deemed too expensive, however, with Edinson Cavani arriving as an alternative back in the summer of 2020.