James Corden, 44, is planning his return to the UK this year with his family in tow after relocating to the US for his chat show in 2014. It is unknown whether the Hollywood star will move back to his £8m countryside home, with pictures showing the property appearing to be very derelict, while the gardens seem to be overgrown. James bought the £8m property near Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire in 2021, with the Gavin and Stacey star said to have paid £2m over the asking price. This came after he sold his previous £6 million Belsize Park property for almost double the amount he purchased it in 2010. The mansion, which boasts an indoor pool, five bedrooms, a tennis court and A-list celebrity neighbours, had been on the market since 2017. READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admission The 1960s house, which has a striking curved design, was boarded up after trespassers posted dozens of eerie pictures online, as well as a video ‘tour’. The images, believed to have been taken last year, show an empty indoor pool and a high-end retro interior covered in dirt and grime. The patio was also overgrown with weeds and the electricity was said to work in only some parts of the property. A CCTV system has been installed since the footage appeared online and the gates of the mansion are now plastered with messages to warn off intruders. The images obtained show a gated-off property, with the sign reading: "WARNING POLICE DOGS TRAINING IN THIS AREA (PRIVATE PROPERTY BY PERMISSION)." The windows of the property are also all boarded up, with the land overgrown and the interiors looking worse for wear. The house, which has four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a tennis court, sits in 43 acres of parkland near Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire. James' house is only a few miles from his modest childhood home in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' [OPINION] Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [COMMENT] Rita Ora goes braless in daring sheer dress exposing her knickers [PICS]  A neighbour told the Daily Mail about the abandoned property: "We used to know the previous owners very well many, many years ago. But I never see anyone there anymore now. "They’ve put a gate up that didn’t use to be there. Before, you could just drive right in." The estate also includes Grade II-listed druid stones, relocated from Jersey in 1788. In 2021, James was asked by the Jersey Government to return the prehistoric monument that sits in his back garden. The stones, which were originally placed on James' land in 1788, were actually removed from Jersey's capital St Helier and authorities were hoping to get them back. Known as a Neolithic dolmen, the collection of stones was freely given to Field Marshal Henry Seymour Conway over 300 years ago before they made their way to the mansion. Since moving to the US in 2015, James showed no sign of returning to the UK, as friends say the presenter is moving back to be "closer to the family". This means he is now planning to sell his £8.37m house in Brentwood, Los Angeles as he steps down from his hosting job in the spring. James recently told ITV’s Good Morning Britain: "I love where we live. I love being in Los Angeles, but we always knew it was an adventure and not the final destination."