Death in Paradise season 12 is midway through with episode four airing this evening, Friday, January 27, on BBC One. As always, the Caribbean-set comedy-drama welcomes new faces to the show every week with an unfortunate victim and numerous suspects. Someone who is making their Death in Paradise debut this time around is Nicola Alexis, who viewers may already recognise. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Death in Paradise season 12, episode four, will see DS Naomi Thomas (played by Shantol Jackson) venture to her home island of Saint Barnabas for her best friend's wedding. Soon after Monique Hays (Gia Re) walks down the aisle to meet her soon-to-be husband, the church doors open. Standing in the doorway is Monique's estranged mum Odette Hayes (Nicola Alexis), who causes a commotion as she left her family 15 years ago. This is far from the first time actress Alexis has appeared in a popular drama though. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Viewers will best recognise Alexis for starring as WPC Ruby Buxton in the long-running police drama The Bill on ITV. She starred in the show for a year back in 2002 and was fresh from Hendon, having only graduated nine months prior to joining Sun Hill. Ruby had a good attitude towards policing and was eager to do her best but her downfall came when PC David Kent (Todd Carty) got involved. She bought a knock off Walkman from an old school friend and knowing there was no evidence, he threw a box of goods at the suspect, forcing him to handle it. The case went to court and David forced Ruby to lie under oath and commit perjury. The trial went through but she couldn't deal with the fact she lied and so resigned from the force shortly after. The Bill isn't the only show that Alexis has featured in either during her career. She has also made appearances in Dangerfield, Absolute Power, Doctors, Fleabag, The Girl Before and DI Ray. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]Death in Paradise's Ben Miller ‘ripped off' suit during filming [FILMING]Death in Paradise season 12 episode 4 focuses on Naomi's hometown [EXPLAINER] As always, there are a number of other recognisable faces in the upcoming Death in Paradise episode. Ty Edgars, Monique's new husband, is portrayed by actor Gamba Cole who was Christian Taylor in Stephen Merchant's comedy The Outlaws. Monique's dad Rex on the other hand is played by actor, writer and stand-up comedian Curtis Walker. He has been in Paramount City, The Real McCoy and Kerching! The synopsis for episode four reads: "In Saint Barnabas, Naomi attends the wedding of her best friend Monique. "However, the jollyness of the day comes to an abrupt halt when Rex, the estranged husband of Monique's mother Odette, is fatally stabbed. "Knowing the case requires full investigation, Naomi calls the team for help. "Meanwhile, Marlon tries to prepare for his sergeant exams but is easily distracted." Death in Paradise season 12 is available to watch every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.