Iceland boss Richard Walker appeared on Tuesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain to discuss how food prices have hiked across the UK. However, the 42-year-old businessman ended up plugging his ambition to be elected as a Conservative MP in the future. Official figures show food prices have soared by almost 17 per cent in the past years. Richard told ITV hosts Susanna Reid and Ed Balls: "Our profits will be significantly down and everyone has a part to play - and it can't be a one-way street. "That's why suppliers need to take part of the hit - the big branded suppliers - [like the] supermarkets." "But we are also seeing the burden on customers as well," he admitted. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Later on in the interview, Richard spoke out about his plans to move from business into politics. Richard explained: "Our democracy, our politics, is worse off if good people are dissuaded from it." "We have amazing people who are much better at running [Iceland] than me, so Iceland will be just fine," he added. "It's an itch I have got to scratch and it's something I really want to do," Richard, who lives in Cheshire, stressed.  Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to vent their fury over the Iceland boss' discussion of his political ambition. Lucy Tucker fumed: "Iceland boss wants to become a conservative MP, what an idiot #GMB." Holly remarked: "#GMB I wondered why the boss of Iceland kept coming on TV, now I know, to promote himself for his application as a Tory MP. They always act for themselves. Mums are not going to Iceland anymore." DON'T MISS...GMB's Ben Shephard opens up on permanent injury fears [LATEST]ITV viewers blast GMB over 'hypocritical' report as host jets to Dubai [UPDATE]Laura Tobin looks unrecognisable after painful-looking skin treatment [EXPLAINER] @DOPreston added: "What a surprise, the boss of Iceland who has spent years coming on #GMB defending the Government has announced he plans to stand as an MP for (yes you guessed it), the Conservatives." @JenRandall6 penned: "I thought the Iceland chap was one of the good guys. Wanting to be a Tory MP, he has gone down in my estimation #GMB." In contrast, Naomi said Richard was "a breath of fresh air" to her Twitter followers. Chrissy said: "What a great young man, we need more heads of business like Richard. He needs to get into politics..."  Richard responded to Chrissy's tweet thanking her and confirming he planned to go into politics. His 76-year-old father Malcolm Walker, who was born in West Yorkshire and was the son of a poultry farmer, founded Iceland back in 1970. In May 2017, Malcolm donated £50,000 to the Conservative Party and his knighthood was announced the following month. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV. 