There’s nothing worse than finding out your toilet won’t flush, especially if it’s the only toilet in the house. This common plumbing problem can happen to most toilets at some point. But luckily, experts at MyPlumber have shared that there are “fast solutions” you can implement yourself to get the toilet working again. They claimed that these tips are aimed at those who “prefer to do home repairs by themselves” and “not spend money on professional plumbers”. The pros added: “With some basic plumbing knowledge, this should be an easy fix.” A toilet consists of two components - the bowl and the tank. The tank contains the flush, the re-filling mechanism and the water that fills it. The plumbing gurus stated: “The key to fixing a toilet that won’t flush is to find the origin of the problem. Press on the flush handle or button and see if the washout is not happening. “If that’s the case you might be dealing with a faulty mechanism or a broken toilet flush button. If the flush is happening by pressing the handle but the bowl contents are not washing out, there is a drainage issue.” READ MORE: Five ‘easy’ methods to prevent condensation, dampness and mould According to the experts the first step is to open the tank lid and take a look at the mechanism inside. They claimed that low water level in the tank is one of the main reasons for a non-functional flush. The pros claimed that the “faster solution” to combat this is to make sure that the water level is a minimum of three centimetres beneath the overflow tube of the tank. Check how low the water level is and if the valve is off, turn it on. Then flush the toilet once the water level is optimum. The chain in the chain could also be the problem so households should check it for “excessive stretch”. The experts said: “If there is, the flapper will not rise and won’t gather sufficient water in the bowl. Thus, there will not be a full flush. To fix this, remove the chain and re-hook it to the hole that is located near the flush lever.” A warped or bent flapper can be another reason if there is a faulty mechanism. To check if this is the issue inspect the rubber flapper – the part intended to control the flush mechanism. If no water pours into the bowl after pushing the handle, it’s because the flapper is not rightly seated. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Basic steps’ to follow when pruning wisteria for ‘healthy’ branches [EXPERT]Remove ‘stubborn’ oil stains from your driveway with 47p item [COMMENT] The pros advised: “Simply re-seat the flapper and the tank should fill up. If the flapper is in bad condition, replace it. Turn off the tank while changing to a new one and flush again to check whether it’s working.” Simple cleaning is also important if the flushing mechanism has stopped. Households can use drain cleaner or muriatic acid, let it settle for a few minutes, use a brush and pour a gallon of hot water. If the water goes down, it means the flush is working again. However, if it doesn’t, a professional plumber may need to be contacted. If the problem is not in the flush mechanism, but the drainage, here are the reasons for the damage and what can be done about it. READ MORE: Four ‘very costly’ home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ One of the most common reasons for a toilet drainage issue is a clogged toilet. The experts urged: “Do not flush too much toilet paper because it can clog the pipe and flushing can become impossible. “You must use a toilet auger or a plunger to get rid of the waste and make flushing easy.” However, if the toilet does flush, but it’s just incredibly weak, this can be caused by the deposition of minerals and dirt which blocks the flow of water beneath the rim, according to the plumbers. They said: “You can remove the partial blockage by scrubbing with a wire brush and white vinegar below the rim. Check the flush system after cleaning.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Constant flushing is a “serious problem” too as it leads to “excessive water loss and higher water bills”, says the experts. In this case, they instructed: “You must ensure the float arm and the ball is working smoothly without any obstructions.” The final problem could be as a result of a dysfunctional fill valve. The pros warned: “If you don’t hear the sound of running water when pressing the handle, the ballcock is the one responsible. “Don’t over-tighten the fill-valve nut while attaching to the tank or the tank might suddenly crack. If you do it yourself, chances are you might flood the premises.” In this case households are better off calling a plumber to fix it.