Lewis Hamilton has praised his father Anthony after an apparent dig at F1 managers on BBC TV show We are England. The seven-time world champion has claimed motorsport bosses are only there if drivers “are doing the business”. However, he defended his family who supported him even when there was “no success”. He made the comments in a sit-down conversation with talented youngsters Lewis Appigayei and Ruben Stanislaus as part of a show for BBC’s We are England. The Mercedes star made the admission when asked by the pair what had been the greatest obstacles in his F1 career. Hamilton responded: “Your dad or your parents are going to be there for the right reasons, the purest reasons from the get-go. And when there's no success they are the ones who will be there. “Most often you hire a manager but they will not be there unless you are doing the business." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton contract latest - Could F1 superstar quit in 2023 Hamilton’s dad worked two jobs and remortgaged his home in a bid to fund his early karting career. He then went on to manage Hamilton while he settled into F1 at McLaren but the pair split in 2010. Back in 2012, Anthony revealed Hamilton’s decision to part ways had left him “shocked” and “devastated” but accepted Lewis was "right to go his own way”. He added: “When he said he no longer wanted me as manager it came completely out of the blue because we hadn’t fallen out. I didn’t get angry — but I didn’t deal with it very well. “I’d been at his side from his first remote-control car race when he was five. Every week, week-in week-out, I’d put my life into it. That day was a life-changing experience.” After splitting, Hamilton Snr then went on to manage Scottish star Paul di Resta’s career. DON'T MISSF1 fans think Lewis Hamilton may never get Max Verstappen revenge [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton explains F1 doubts amid retirement promise [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton believes Mercedes will be fighting four F1 teams [INSIGHT] However, the pair have tried to repair their relationship in recent years with Hamilton posting a touching message to his dad on social media back in 2020. It read: “My dad and I haven’t had the easiest of relationships. “In the search for success we were so immersed in the drive to succeed that we lost sight of what was most important, our relationship.” Anthony was also spotted consoling Lewis after he missed out on securing an eighth world title at the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.