Many new and existing benefit claimants may not be aware that they could also be eligible for additional support on top of certain benefits through Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and qualify for a disability premium. Any extra money people get is added to their benefit payments automatically so they usually do not have to apply for a disability premium. These premiums can boost payments by hundreds of pounds. The "top-up" to their sum could be useful in providing additional support to those with a health condition or disability especially as the cost of living crisis continues. People claiming PIP can also be eligible to get the Severe Disability Premium if they fit certain criteria which is an extra £69.40 per week for each person who qualifies, or £138.80 a week for a couple if they're both eligible. The DWP guidance states that Disability Premiums are extra amounts of money added to an individuals: READ MORE: ‘Top rate account’: Savings provider launches new account paying 4.54%  The DWP guidance also states that in order to qualify for a severe disability premium, a person must get the disability premium or income-related ESA, and one of the following qualifying benefits: Claimants can get more than one premium at a time. How much can people get? £36.20 a week for a single person£51.60 a week for a couple £69.40 a week for a single person£138.80 a week for a couple if they’re both eligible Some couples will be eligible for the lower amount of £69.40 a week instead. READ MORE: ‘Easy way to save': Britons urged to act as new tool claims it can help save up to £1,200 £17.75 a week for a single person£25.35 a week for a couple if at least one of them is eligible Britons can get the Disability Premium on its own. They might get the Severe or Enhanced Disability Premium as well if they’re eligible for them. If one gets income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA), they cannot get the Disability Premium, but they may still qualify for the Severe and Enhanced Premiums. Britons usually need to be eligible for the Disability Premium to qualify for the Severe or Enhanced premiums. People usually cannot have anyone aged 18 or over living with them, unless they get a qualifying benefit, they’re registered blind, they’re a boarder or subtenant (but not a close relative) to they make separate payments to the landlord. For more guidance on who is eligible, people should visit the Government website. People do not have to claim disability premium. If they’re eligible, it’s automatically added to their Income Support, JSA, ESA or Housing Benefit. Individuals can contact their local Jobcentre Plus if it has not been paid. Decisions about each claim can be challenged by asking for mandatory reconsideration.