European superstar Luka Doncic made NBA history as he continued his incredible 2022/23 season against the San Antonio Spurs. Doncic - the third overall pick in the 2018 NBA Draft - has been in incredible form this campaign and torched the Spurs for 51 points after head coach Gregg Popovich vowed to keep the Slovenian under 50. In the 126-125 win over the Spurs, Doncic scored six three-pointers en route to a 51-point performance along with six rebounds, nine assists and four steals to lead the Dallas Mavericks to victory. The outstanding performance caps a historic five-game winning run never seen before in NBA history from an individual standpoint. This season, Doncic is averaging 34.2 points, 8.7 rebounds and 8.9 assists per game during an incredible campaign. The former Real Madrid star has become the first player in NBA history to score at least 225 points while also tallying 50 rebounds and 50 assists over five games. In fact, only eight players in league history have tallied three games of at least 50 points before the age of 25. The remarkable list includes LeBron James, Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Rick Barry, Nate Archibald, Wilt Chamberlain, and Doncic. READ MORE: Los Angeles Lakers want to sign two free agents in 2023 to help James In this remarkable five game run, Doncic has averaged an incredible 45-point, 11-rebound and 10-assist triple-double. Against the Houston Rockets, the 23-year-old had 50 points, eight rebounds and 10 assists before he scored 32 points, nine rebounds and nine assists to beat the Los Angeles Lakers. Doncic followed that up with the incredible performance against the New York Knicks where he scored 60 points, 21 rebounds and 10 assists before putting up 35 points, 12 rebounds and 13 assists to beat the Rockets. His performance against the Spurs simply continued his mesmerising run of form. Ultimately, Doncic’s terrific form has helped lead the Mavericks to a 21-16 record after winning 11 of their last 14 games. Dallas center Christian Wood - who joined the team from the Rockets via trade - labelled Doncic as ‘incredible’ and added: “In my seven years in the league, I've never seen anybody do what he's able to do. DON'T MISSVictor Wembanyama aims sly dig at NBA teams ahead of 2023 draftNBA legend LeBron James issues LA Lakers threat amid poor resultsNBA star praises Zion Williamson and makes Michael Jordan reference “He's on an incredible run. He's playing like an MVP, clearly one of the best players in the league.” Popovich also didn’t fail to shy away from praising Doncic, insisting: “He's just a beautiful basketball player, he's like the prototype for high basketball IQ and high skill level, all rolled into one special guy.” Doncic and the Mavericks will look to continue their form when they face the 10-26 Rockets on Monday night.