Arsenal are holding internal discussions about a new £70million proposal to Brighton for Moises Caicedo, according to reports. The Gunners are mulling over whether they will make the renewed offer for the Ecuador international. Caicedo has quickly emerged as Arsenal's top target for the last few days of the January window. Mikel Arteta is keen on signing a midfielder following a knee injury suffered in training by Mohamed Elneny. Arsenal saw their first offer of £60m flatly rejected on Friday. Brighton maintain Caicedo is not for sale and will be staying at the club beyond Tuesday's deadline. However, the Premier League leaders have not given up hope of a late deal. Arsenal are yet to make a second offer but are preparing one internally. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says the package Arsenal are putting together would be worth £70m, including add-ons. However, that is still unlikely to be enough for Brighton to change their stance. Romano tweeted on Sunday afternoon: "Arsenal have not submitted a new bid on Saturday for Moises Caicedo — but understand club discussing internally about new proposal for £70m package with add ons included. Brighton insist on no intention to sell Moises in January — not for that money." Caicedo was left out of the Brighton squad for the late FA Cup fourth-round win over Liverpool after publicly pleading to be sold. Club chiefs told the 21-year-old to stay away from the training ground until the transfer window has shut on Wednesday. Ahead of the match, Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi hinted Caicedo had made a "mistake" with his actions on social media. The Italian told ITV: "Moises is a good guy. We will see tomorrow and in the next days, what happens. DON'T MISSTottenham 'submit £22m bid' for Hincapie but have hurdle to overcomeNewcastle have 'opening bid rejected' as Howe plans late January assaultMan Utd learn staggering cost of Kane transfer as 'Ronaldo rule scrapped’  "We hope he stays with us for the rest of the season, but this is a question for the club and Moises. Moises is a good guy. In life you can make mistakes. We will see the best solution for the club, for him and for us." However, when speaking in his post-match press conference, De Zerbi admitted his team were ready to be without Caicedo. He told reporters: "I would like him to finish the season with us, but we are ready to go forward without him." Caicedo has played just 31 matches for Brighton in all competitions since his arrival from Ecuador in 2021. He could attract a club-record sale if he does leave in the coming days.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here