The Duke of Sussex may be "comfortable" being used "as a tool" by the media if it means he lands commentator job for King Charles' coronation, a royal commentator told Express.co.uk. There is a natural curiosity surrounding Harry, they said, which he may use to his advantage if he has something to say. This could lead the royal to turn down an invitation to attend the crowning of his father in favour of commentating on it in front of the camera. Ronn Torossian, founder and chairman of 5W Public Relations, told Express.co.uk: "After the media frenzy to promote their Netflix documentary and Harry’s book, I believe we will see less of the Sussexes for the time being. "Harry has said what he wanted to say and will make himself scarce leading up to the coronation, giving everyone a much-needed break from the ex-royals while also building suspense until those last moments, wondering whether he will or won't be in attendance." He added: "There’s a natural curiosity surrounding Harry, from hardcore fans to peripheral onlookers, who will want to see how he will spend coronation day. "Whoever can secure commentary from Harry is going to be able to drive incredible traffic, and Harry may be comfortable being used as a tool if he has something to say."   According to highly placed studio sources within the US TV industry, some massive multi-million dollar offers could be on the table for Harry to join a broadcast team. Networks CBS and NBC are thought to be leading the pack in chasing the Californian-based royal to join their reporting teams. CBS aired the infamous Oprah Winfrey interview with Harry and Meghan after they stepped down from their royal duties. Earlier this month, Harry also appeared on the station again to promote his new book, while also making some shocking revelations about the Firm. Should the Duke take up the commentator offer, the Royal Family "should be concerned", the PR expert warned. READ MORE: Princess Charlene rarely wears £55,000 engagement ring - 'impressive' Mr Torossian said: "Should Harry choose to join in on commentary around the coronation, the family should be concerned that he will pull back the curtain on the public’s perception of the events, the glamour, and mystery that has historically accompanied the palace, and share hidden and behind-the-scenes details that they would rather keep quiet. "Not to mention, if Harry cannot find a way to attend the coronation, whether because he doesn’t receive an invite nor the apology he is seemingly still waiting for, he has an opportunity to further build support and gather sympathy, opening more doors and opportunities for him to speak on his experience further.” An insider told the Sunday Express: “Network bosses are hoping he doesn’t go – and are ready to pay a hefty, seven-figure sum to land one of the biggest royal coups of all time. “One very senior executive told me it would be worth $5million (£4million) for the bragging rights alone.  “Watching a new King being crowned while his son is on the couch talking viewers through it would be ratings dynamite – even if Harry steers completely clear of controversy and the rift that exists between them.” King Charles III's coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6 at Westminster Abbey in London. Buckingham Palace has said that although the coronation will be "rooted in long-standing traditions", it will also "reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future". The three-day event, from May 6 to May 8, is expected to include several impressive performances, in an attempt to lift the nation’s spirits following a winter of strikes and energy price hikes. It is understood King Charles, 74, has been keen for Harry to be on the guest list for the big day, but it is still not clear whether this will be possible.  