Arsenal icon Emmanuel Petit has given West Ham captain Declan Rice two reasons why he should pick the Gunners over a summer transfer to Chelsea in a plea to the England midfielder. Mikel Arteta’s outfit are reportedly the favourites to land Rice this summer, as the Hammers are resigned to losing their star man. Rice has turned down the opportunity to renew his contract at the London Stadium on several occasions and will likely leave West Ham in search of Champions League football. Arsenal currently have the best chance of finishing in the top four as they are sitting top of the Premier League table and Petit has told Rice that if he wants to improve as a player and win trophies, he should move to the Emirates this summer. "Declan if you're listening, my message is very simple. If you want to improve - you're already a great player - and win silverware, you have to come to Arsenal,” Petit told beIN SPORTS. “I am sorry West Ham fans but I think there is no choice but for him to come here [the Emirates].” Arsenal are thought to be leading the race to sign the Hammers skipper, though they will face competition from the likes of Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United. West Ham look set to have dropped their previous £150million valuation of the England star, and he could be available for around £85m this summer - which would break Arsenal’s transfer record. According to CBS Sports, Rice has been speaking glowingly to his team-mates about Arsenal this season, who are five points clear of second-placed Manchester City as table-toppers with a game in hand on Pep Guardiola’s side. There have been concerns over their lack of quality in depth, however, which Rice could help fix - albeit for next season. Leandro Trossard was signed for an initial £20m in January after the Gunners lost out on Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea, and midfield reinforcements appear to be next on the agenda although Arteta will have to be patient and wait until the end of the season for Rice. DON'T MISSTottenham chief Levy can raise January funds to complete two dealsArsenal turn attention to Mourinho favourite after Mudryk agonyArsenal and Tottenham target Zaniolo explains upcoming Roma meeting Rice was asked whether he wants to play Champions League football during the World Cup in Qatar. He replied: "One hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League. For the last two or three years I’ve been saying that. "I’ve been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. I see my friends here who are playing Champions League and for big trophies. "You only get one career and at the end you want to look back at what you’ve won and the biggest games you’ve played in."