In a leaked excerpt from an interview he’s done with People magazine in the US he tries to justify writing about how he killed 25 Taliban soldiers in his book Spare, claiming he needed to talk about it for his own healing. What twaddle. If you’re rich enough and privileged enough you talk about it and try to heal yourself with an army of therapists and by talking to people who’ve experienced similar traumas. If you’re an ordinary soldier who can’t afford that – you just get on and try to deal with your tortured mind as best you can. What you don’t do is boast about your “kills” in a book for which you’re being paid 20 million dollars. And you sure as Hell don’t refer to the people you’ve killed as “chess pieces”. Then when you’re slapped down for doing that you don’t try to then justify your treacherous indiscretions in a gossipy, glossy magazine that talks about the lives of celebrities. Did Harry really think it was a good idea to talk about why he killed people while he was photographed leaning against patio doors, smiling and wearing an open-necked blue shirt and a necklace? There’s also talk the photos have been touched up to make his eyes a more piercing blue. So was that interview about his “healing” or the way he looked? Because from the photos, it looked very much like he was doing a fashion shoot. Is THIS really the way to heal and deal with the trauma of killing people? The man’s a disgrace. Not only has he hurt, shamed and embarrassed his family, not only has he trashed the monarchy but he has now shamed the military – his other family and the one area in his life where he actually distinguished himself and did some good. Now all that’s gone.  Veterans and military men all over Britain have turned on him for his crassness because he has broken the unwritten rule that military men and women never talk about who and how many they have killed. Not EVER! Because it makes it sound like they’re chalking up notches on their rifles. Yet in pursuit of money he doesn’t need, Harry has done that. And he tries to excuse it saying he needed to talk about it “for my own healing.” He said: “I know from my own healing journey that silence has been the least effective remedy. Expressing and detailing my experience is how I chose to deal with it in the hopes it will help others.” Sorry, but his “kill” revelations aren’t to do with helping others. They’re to do with him selling books and making him look like some big brave Hollywood hero when in fact it’s made him look like the opposite – a man devoid of feeling and compassion and who talks about those he has killed as “chess pieces”. Harry could have dealt with whatever trauma he suffered on the battlefield with the army of therapists he has at his disposal. And had he seriously wanted to help others he could have done it quietly with those who have experienced what he has. Instead, he chose to tell the world in his 20-million-dollar book how many people he had killed. This man-child, this selfish, self-interested human being really thinks everything is about him – that the world revolves around him and his needs.  Those men he served alongside went through everything he did – probably more - and they now feel ashamed and let down by the pampered Prince who fought alongside them and pretended to be one of them. It was just two years ago Harry spoke about how the “military made me the man I am”. No, it didn’t. Because the man he is now is so obsessed with making money that he’s prepared to boast about killing enemy soldiers. The Army didn’t teach him that. That’s all down to him. In 2020 he also said of the Army: “Once we join a team we’re always part of a team.” I wonder how he thinks his team see him now. How do they see his betrayal, his tastelessness, his abject stupidity. Because now, not only has he now made himself a target for the Taliban – who have called him a ‘big mouth loser’ - he could also have made his own family and the Royal Family a target as well - not to mention those he served alongside who won’t have heavily armed guards to protect them everywhere they go.  I wonder if Harry is reading the slew of criticism coming at him from every corner of the military – the Army, the Navy and the RAF. Is he reading about their horror, their disappointment at what he’s done? Major Chris Hunter, a decorated former Army bomb disposal officer who served in Afghanistan, said of him: “Very rarely will any soldier, sailor or airman, serving or a veteran, talk about numbers of kills. That coupled with the fact he uses terms like chess pieces, dehumanises them, I think that could very, very easily cause some serious repercussions. “Not just for his own security, but the wider security, to the Royal Family and actually to the servicemen and women on operations across the world at the moment. “The comments are a betrayal. Everyone in the Army swears an oath of allegiance to the monarch, he's betrayed his own family for money.” Rear Admiral Chris Parry, retired Royal Navy officer, speaking to Sky News, said: “Over 35 years of service myself, I've never heard anybody in the Armed Forces say what their score is.” But Harry has. But will he take anything these men have said on board? Will he acknowledge that he’s made a terrible mistake? Of course, he won’t. He’ll do what he always does when anyone criticises him - convince himself they’re wrong and he’s right. So now Harry has alienated both his birth family and his military family. All that’s left are Meghan and his two children. Let’s hope they bring him solace in a world which, with every word he utters, is turning more against him... 