The family of a missing NHS nurse have paid tribute to their "angel and best friend" after a body was found in the search for her. Lisa Haining, who worked as a nurse at Prestwick's Biggart Hospital, vanished from her home in Dundonald, South Ayrshire, on January 20 with her white Renault Twingo. Detectives confirmed a body had been found in a car in the Darnley area of Glasgow at 4.20pm on Sunday in search for the 50-year-old.  Lisa's devastated husband Craig paid tribute to his "angel" as he described the mum-of-three as "a gentle-natured person with a fantastic sense of humour", reports the Daily Record. He said: "It is with a heavy heart I announce the passing of my beautiful wife and angel, Lisa. Lisa will be missed by her children, Gregor, Emma, and Ewan. "Lisa had the most amazing bond with our kids, and a particular four-legged friend completed our wee family. Lisa was a quiet and gentle-natured person with a fantastic sense of humour and a sense of fun. "Something people did not always see. She could create the most amazing cards for people with stories of laughter throughout her life. To my best friend for infinity and a wonderful mum to our children. Until we meet again, my angel, sleep peacefully."   Daughter Emma also paid tribute to her "best friend" and "real life angel". She wrote: "My mum, Lisa Haining, was a character. She had qualities to her that some will never possess, she was selfless and kind even if she was the one being dragged down. "Though my mum was private, she touched the lives of so many. Lisa was a beloved NHS Staff Nurse who cared for patients all over Scotland and saw a lot of them through to their last days. "[Mum and dad] have shared many memories together and developed a love so strong that she became a mother to three children. Family was all she needed in this horrible world. " "My mum wasn’t just a mother to myself, Gregor, Ewan and our staffy Sophie, she was our best friend too. We loved her through everything just like she pushed past our flaws no matter what. READ MORE: Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms   "[She] was a real life angel who was loved by many and taken for granted by some but she would never worry about that, all she needed was her family, her pride and joy, her happiness..." Emma also thanked those who helped search for her Lisa following her disappearance. She said: "After everything that has happened over the past week or so, many of you will have been out looking for my mum and her car or helping support us as a family while the search was taking place.  "All we can say is thank you again to everyone that has been helping during the search, we would have never expected that much support in a million years. As a family we now need time to grieve the loss of our angel, who is now at peace. "We know she will be forever watching over us until it is time to meet again. To our mum, we hope you have found the peace you need. You’re and always will be loved by so many. As a family we will all make you proud. We love you to infinity mum, no matter what, you can rest in peace now. Forever our angel." DON'T MISS:Russian soldier killed in drunken showdown as chaos and anarchy reign [INSIGHT]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [COMMENT]Prince Andrew seen for first time since new claims emerge over photo [PICTURES]  A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Around 4.20pm on Sunday, 29 January, the body of a woman was found in a car in the Leggatston Road area of Darnley, Glasgow. "Formal identification has yet to take place but the family of Lisa Haining, reported missing from Dundonald, Ayrshire, have been informed. There do not appear to be any suspicious circumstances and a report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal." 