Astrological signs may have a lot to do with relationship compatibility, with certain signs thought to be more likely to hit if off long term. A "healthy" relationship may be written in the stars, according to astrology expert Emily, who runs the TikTok account @astronomily. However, she believes the exact placement of your birth chart could be the thing that holds the key to "emotional compatibility". A birth chart uses the date, time, and location of your birth to re-create a map of the sky at that moment, determining your placements in signs, planets, asteroids and more. While your "star sign" is the exact placement of the Sun at your time of birth, the charts delve deeper to find which sign the Moon, planets and other astrological aspects were at the time of birth. When looking for a long-term partner, Emily claims that the placement of your Moon and the planet Venus are of particular importance. She explained: "You can be physically compatible with a person but that doesn't mean it's going to last long term. To really have a non-toxic, healthy relationship your moon sign should be compatible." READ MORE: Anti ageing serum that firms up saggy skin & ‘decrease lines’ in 4wks She believes compatible Moon signs mean will mean your emotions are congruous with your partner's. This can lead to better emotional support and a happier relationship. In relationships, the Moon signifies your innermost sentiments, which means it can aid a deeper connection. Emily continued: "You need to be able to understand each other's emotions and support and deal with them. And if their Venus is compatible with your moon well it's going to be really easy for the relationship." In astrology, Venus represents love, sensuality, romance, beauty, affection and social appeal. Therefore, its location in your natal chart can shine a light on the attributes you are attracted to in a partner, as well as the type of person who is attracted to you. When the Venus and moon signs are compatible, Emily claims "they love the way you express emotions and can easily support you". DON'T MISSPrince Harry's photo suggests two 'facial' sides [ANALYSIS]Chinese zodiac sign must avoid 'rotten romance' in 2023 [INSIGHT]What lies ahead in the Chinese New Year of the rabbit - horoscope [EXPLAINER] If you have an Aries moon: Experts from MBG Mindfulness explain those with an Aries moon are more "independent, action-oriented and love a challenge". They are most compatible with partners who have an Aries, Leo or Sagittarius moon. If you have a Taurus moon: Those with a Taurus moon are said to be "sensual and sensible". MBGMindfulness say these people prefer "security, beauty, and the knowledge that they're building something worthwhile". They are most compatible with partners who have a Taurus, Virgo or Capricorn moon. If you have a Gemini moon: Those who have a moon in Gemini are big on communication. They love discussing concepts and ideas and feeling their emotions by talking through them. They are most compatible with people who have a Gemini, Libra or Aquarius moon. If you have a Cancer moon: People with a Cancer moon "just want to feel safe" and often prioritise family. They are most compatible with Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces moons. If you have a Leo moon: Leo moons love attention and affection, and are dubbed "true romantics". Those with a Leo moon are most compatible with Aries, Leo or Sagittarius moons. If you have a Virgo moon: Those with a Virgo moon tend to be "analytical and intelligent" according to MBG Mindfulness. As a result, they love "mental stimulation" and are most compatible with Taurus, Virgo or Capricorn moons. If you have a Libra moon: Libra moons are described as "borderline obsessive" about love. They are most compatible with Gemini, Libra or Aquarius moons. If you have a Scorpio moon: Scorpio moons can be quite intense and seek "power couplings". They are most compatible with Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces moons. If you have a Sagittarius moon: According to MBG Mindfulness: "If there's one moon sign that has a bit of resistance to committing, it would probably be Sagittarius. These folks thrive on adventure and variety." Those with a Sagittarius moon are most compatible with fellow Sagittarius moons, as well as Aries and Leo moons. If you have a Capricorn moon: Capricorn moons are quite similar to Taurus moons in the sense they want to build something lasting. They are most compatible with Capricorn, Taurus or Virgo moons. If you have an Aquarius moon: Aquarius moon placements are described as "unique and even a bit zany". They are best suited to people with Libra, Gemini or Aquarius moons. If you have a Pisces moon: Pisces moons crave compassion and creativity, as well as a level of security. They are most compatible with Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces moons.