Jake Paul has told KSI to accept his fight offer for a blockbuster bout between the two YouTubers-turned-boxers. Paul and KSI have now both named a date for December 2023 as a potential clash between the two, with Paul wanting the British sensation to verbally accept the deal now. The two content creators have been rivals for almost five years now, after they have both turned to boxing following an initial bout in 2018 when KSI defeated Paul's older brother Logan, whilst Jake defeated KSI's younger brother, Deji.   Both Paul and KSI have since taken boxing seriously, having multiple bouts and both remaining undefeated as they look to be on a collision course to finally face one another to determine who is at the top of content creator boxing. Paul has been the more active of the two, going unbeaten in six professional fights, including wins over legendary UFC figures Anderson Silva and Tyron Woodley, whilst also defeating Ben Askren, Nate Robinson and AnEsonGib. KSI only recently made his comeback to boxing after three years away from the sport, and fought two bouts in one night when he defeated British rapper Swarmz, and Mexican professional boxer Luis Alcarez Pineda.   Paul has been critical of KSI in recent weeks, claiming that the British star is refusing to fight him, as he's set to fight Brazilian Faze Temperrr this weekend at Wembley Arena. On a social media call on Monday night, Paul stated that he sent KSI a contract for them to fight, but has yet to hear a response. Paul said: "I sent KSI and his team a contract over a month ago. I offered to come to the UK, 185 pounds and 10 rounds. I have been at 8 rounds since Askren. He and his team have yet to respond. "The offer was/is to come to the UK in December 2023. If he doesn’t respond next week after his show, then it’s going to have to be in the US. The best part is he tells Ariel Helwani that I’m hiding behind negotiations when in fact he has yet to respond." KSI responded by stating: "You say you are ready but then the negotiations don't say that. You are full of s***." Paul then said: "I agreed to fight you for free and you know that and everyone online knows that on short notice. You had me two weeks for free and you still p***ied out." This has been in reaction to KSI's last fight, when his initial opponent, Alex Wassabi pulled out, with Paul stating that he would fill in for Wassabi and would not want to be paid. It is not known whether Paul will be in the UK for KSI's fight this week, as he continues to negotiate with Tommy Fury on a potential bout in February.