Arsenal are open to making two more signings this month following the acquisition of Leandro Trossard, according to reports. Mikel Arteta is finally set to get a deal for a winger over the line but the business may not stop there. Trossard is undergoing his medical after Arsenal struck a deal with Brighton on Thursday. The Gunners are set to pay the Seagulls £21million plus a further £6m in add-ons. A winger has been the priority for Arteta in this window. He failed to land Mykhaylo Mudryk so turned his attention to Trossard this week. But with over 10 days of the window still remaining, there could be further new faces arriving at the Emirates. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Arsenal are open to signing a right-back and a midfielder. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Real Valladolid's 18-year-old Ivan Fresneda is the top target at right-back. However, there is set to be plenty of competition for the young Spaniard's signature. Meanwhile, Arsenal have been linked with a host of midfielders in recent weeks but haven't shown a concrete interest in any as they focused attention on signing an attacker. Romano says the Premier League leaders are keeping their options open in the remaining days of the window. He said on his YouTube channel: "Arsenal, keep an eye on the right-back situation. We know that Fulham are interested in Cedric Soares, so let's see if Arsenal will decide to do something in that position. "They appreciate Ivan Fresneda of Valladolid but also many other clubs, including Newcastle, including Juventus, including Wolves. So it's an open race for talented right-back Fresneda. DON'T MISSGrealish gives perfect response after being 'insulted' in Sky Sports interviewArsenal about to 'amaze' Ferdinand with 'creative' signing that Keown will likeMan Utd star Sancho facing huge fight to get dream No 7 shirt ahead of return  "Let's see what Arsenal decide to do in that position. Also, for a midfielder, there could be some opportunities but for now the priority for Arsenal was a new attacking player and will be Trossard. "But Arsenal will keep an eye on the market in the final days. Let's see if right-back, midfielder, what kind of opportunities they will find on the market." Youri Tielemans is a midfielder who has long been linked with a move to Arsenal. However, interest has cooled in the Leicester star and a deal is not expected this month. Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has often been touted as a target for the Gunners since last summer. The Serbian would reportedly be more open to a move to the Emirates but Lazio would unlikely want to sell during the season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here