Qatar Sports Investment are reportedly only interested in buying a minority stake in a Premier League club amid speculation that the group wants to purchase Manchester United from the Glazer Family. It had previously been claimed that the Red Devils were on a three-club shortlist made by QSI. United’s controversial owners the Glazer Family are apparently willing to relinquish their control in the club. QSI and Amazon have been linked with a sensational mega-money takeover that would please the Old Trafford faithful. Reports from earlier this week claimed that the state-funded QSI - who own French giants Paris Saint-Germain - were interested in a full takeover. Claims suggested that the group had drawn up a three-club wish list, consisting of United, Liverpool and Tottenham. However, a full takeover is seemingly in doubt as QSI only want to partially invest in a club, rather than buy a majority stake. That is because they have no plans to sell PSG, despite some reports suggesting they had grown frustrated with the Ligue 1 club’s underwhelming performances in Europe. JUST IN: McCarthy received fine for weight gain before helping Rashford fire The Times report that a deal to buy either United or Liverpool will therefore not happen. It could be a different story for Spurs, with owners ESI seeking investment as they look to establish themselves as a top-four side. It comes amid wide-ranging reports that Qatar wants to expand its investment in English football following the 2022 World Cup. Their hosting of the tournament was perceived as being successful despite very strong criticisms of the country’s human rights record. QSI - a subsidiary of the Qatari sovereign wealth fund - has owned PSG since 2011. Its chairman, Nasser Al-Khelaifi, is the president of the team that has won eight of the last 10 Ligue 1 titles. According to the Guardian, Al-Khelaifi has held talks with Spurs officials, including chairman Daniel Levy, in London last week. QSI is apparently planning ‘an ambitious acquisition strategy’ for 2023, which could include investing in the north Londoners. DON'T MISS...Ex-Man Utd ace Mame Biram Diouf holds key to Wout Weghorst transferMan Utd transfer news LIVE - Harry Kane plan, Chelsea frustrationTransfer news LIVE - Arsenal exit confirmed, Chelsea reach agreement UEFA rules prevent clubs with the same owners from competing in the same European competition for integrity reasons. That would rule out a full takeover of United, Liverpool or Spurs unless QSI sells PSG. The Glazers put United on the market in November and appear set to end their 18-year reign. The Raine Group - which oversaw the sale of Chelsea last year - has been appointed to find a full or partial takeover of the Old Trafford outfit. CEO Richard Arnold said last week: “As part of this process, the board will consider all strategic alternatives, including new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the company. This will include an assessment of several initiatives to strengthen the club, including stadium and infrastructure redevelopment, and expansion of the club’s commercial operations on a global scale, each in the context of enhancing the long-term success of the club’s men’s, women’s and academy teams, and bringing benefits to fans and other stakeholders. “When and in what form that investment comes remains uncertain, but I feel confident in saying it will be a positive process for the club because we all understand the capital needs that we have, in terms of redeveloping the stadium and training ground while continuing to build a winning team."