The Royal Family has an impressive portfolio of homes around the country and many of them have been bought with personal funds so do not form part of the Crown Estate. One such house is Queen Camilla's Wiltshire home which she bought after her divorce in 1994. The home served as the backdrop for the official photographs taken of Camilla by Kate Middleton to mark her 75th birthday. The snaps featured in the latest edition of Country Life Magazine which Camilla guest-edited to celebrate both her landmark birthday and the 125th anniversary of the magazine. While she also has access to royal homes including Buckingham Palace and Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, it is said the Queen Consort loves to sneak off to her private Ray Mill home in Wiltshire to indulge in some guilty pleasures which King Charles is said not to like. Camilla purchased the stunning Wiltshire mansion for £850,000 after divorcing her first husband, Andrew Parker Bowles, and lived there permanently from 1996 to 2003. It is conveniently located just 15 minutes from King Charles' home of Highgrove and boasts many incredible features, including an outdoor swimming pool, terrace, stables for her horses, large gardens and a river. The house is known for being her own private space, with a source telling the Daily Mail: "At Ray Mill, she can sit down with a big G&T, kick off her shoes and watch Coronation Street, which Charles loathes. She also doesn’t have to bother about how the place looks – Charles is so fussy about tidiness, while she leaves her stuff all over the place. She doesn’t need her cushions plumped all the time." The Queen Consort's daughter, Laura Lopes, decided to host her wedding reception at her mother's house when she married Harry Lopes in 2006. Deepa Mehta-Sagar, an interior designer, decorator, and founder of Area Decor LLC in Dubai, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what Camilla's private home looks like inside.   She said: "Ray Mill House in Wiltshire is a sprawling, historic stone manor that Camilla purchased in the mid-1990s after her first marriage ended. The Queen Consort continues to retain her private residence. Media reports often describe Camilla as ‘a country girl’ and in this, the manor is a true reflection of her personality. "Ray Mill House comes with acres of gardens, stables, an outdoor swimming pool, and an elegant terrace. Enormous windows overlook lush gardens. All of this showcases the Queen Consort’s love of nature and the outdoors. "The interiors are interspersed with wooden detailing and dark-wood furnishings which spell luxury while still being enveloped in a sense of warmth. "It captures the Queen Consort’s genuine, down-to-earth demeanour. Of the many homes Camilla lives in, this is probably where she is most herself. "After all, this is her privately owned residence and a home where she spent many years before moving in with King Charles in 2003."  Since becoming Queen, Camilla has maintained her personal home. The expert explained why this is likely the case. Ms Mehta-Sagar added: "Camilla has retained her Wiltshire home since it is an extension of her identity. The vast open spaces also make this the perfect hideaway. "Reportedly, this is where the Queen Consort spends time with her children and grandchildren, away from the public gaze. "The Queen Consort has always loved outdoor pursuits and is passionate about gardening. In this, the lush, enormous gardens at Wiltshire, far removed from the hustle and bustle of city life, are an ode to her." 