Coco Gauff has claimed Emma Raducanu is under more pressure in her career before the two young superstars clash in the second round of the Australian Open. The American teenager shot to worldwide fame when she qualified for Wimbledon as a 15-year-old in 2019. She is now up to world No.7 after reaching last year’s French Open final and winning three WTA titles.  But Gauff, now 18, reckons the 2021 US Open winner is under more of a spotlight because she has developed in Serena Williams’ shadow while Raducanu, 20, is the only famous British female player. “I talk to her pretty much at all the tournaments,” said Gauff. “I didn't really know her that well in juniors, but I got to talk to her more on tour now. “Obviously she's gone through a lot of pressure, bursting onto the scene. I feel like probably more than I have experienced coming to win a Slam. And especially I feel like being from the UK, being like the first British person to do something in a long time, probably is a lot more pressure than what I'm used to being an American. Serena is retired now, but she was always the American that people looked to. “Being an American, all the spotlight isn't on you all the time. We have a great field with Jessica Pegula, Maddie Keys, Shelby Rogers, Amanda. There's always, I guess, for American fans someone to look to. Whereas I feel like the British it's just her. There's other British players, but no one has done what she's done and gotten that far in a slam.   “It's definitely a difference, but I can't relate but also at the same time it's not just me who has to handle the pressure. In American tennis you have other people that you kind of share it with. I think that's also what makes American tennis really strong in the women's game because we're all sharing the pressure with each other. “I can't really understand as much as I can, but I definitely can relate to bursting onto the scene and dealing with some pressure but I don't think to that level.” Raducanu became the first British woman since Virginia Wade at Wimbledon in 1977 to win a Grand Slam. Asked about Gauff’s statement, the British No.1 said:: “I think she is right about that.” Gauff, who is American No.2 after world No.3 Pegula, is playing her first Slam since the retirement of Serena Williams while Venus Williams had to turn down a wildcard because of injury. “I feel like I don’t have more pressure now,” she added. “I feel like what Serena and Venus have done is still at another level. I feel like it's very hard to feel like you belong on that level or that you should take over that mantle that they did. It's very hard to put myself in that position of feeling pressure.  “Let's say Serena only won like two Slams, then maybe I would feel it a little bit more, but I think 20-something, I don't know, is a lot (Serena Williams won 23). So I'm just starting off with one. I feel like Jess and I are just trying to start with one. "Yes, we feel pressure being the top Americans and want to do well for our country but I feel they're on the GOAT status and we're not even close to reaching that so there's no need for us to put pressure on ourselves for that yet.” Gauff won the recent ASB Classic in Auckland - the event where Raducanu suffered her ankle injury - and won the first match of the event in the Rod Laver Arena against Czech Katerina Siniakova and raced to the first, The American teenager trailed 4-2 in the second set before 6-1 6-4. Gauff, who went out in the first round here last year, said: “I felt really good on Laver today. Glad to open up the tournament on that court and glad to go through the next round.” 