Brits are likely to have a washout weekend as the Met Office has issued 108 flood warnings across the parts of the UK. According to the Met Office, local flooding is possible from rivers in West Midlands and North West England on Wednesday due to ongoing river responses following recent heavy rainfall.  The warning suggested: “Local flooding is possible across parts of the South of England from groundwater for the next five days. “Local flooding is also possible but not expected from rivers and surface water across parts of South West England on Saturday. “Land, roads and some properties may flood and there may be travel disruption.” Tom Morgan, a meteorologist at the Met Office, told Guardian: “It’s pretty unsettled, wet and windy at times so there are a number of rain warnings in place in the next 24 hours, affecting two areas of Wales and Scotland.   “Higher ground will be more affected, Snowdonia, the Brecon Beacons and the Highlands of Scotland.” He added: “The west of the UK will bear the brunt of the conditions. “We can expect some flooding as the ground is quite saturated already after a wet period in the last couple of weeks, so rain will run off the ground quite quickly. “There will be some brighter and drier spells on the way. Friday will be the best day of the week with slightly nicer weather,” adding that next week will see more unsettled weather returning. READ MORE: Mother finds Christmas gift for daughter in charity shop days later  Meanwhile, the long range forecast by the Met Office between January 9 and January 18 stated: “Unsettled and relatively mild weather is most likely to characterise the beginning of this period, with showers or longer spells of rain likely for many areas. “Windward coasts and hills, especially in the west, seeing the heaviest and most frequent showers, but also a chance of some heavy rain across southern areas for a time. “Any snowfall probably confined to the highest hills in the north. “Moving into mid-January a trend towards less unsettled weather is expected, with more drier interludes for most. DON'T MISS:Farage blasts Sunak over plan to make students study maths until 18 [INSIGHT]NHS discharges patients into ‘care hotels’ to ease bed blocking  [SPOTLIGHT]Rail chaos as one in five UK train services to run [REVEAL] “Such drier spells would see an increase in overnight frosts and morning fog patches as well as scope for lower daytime temperatures. “Showers and longer spells of rain are still possible although mainly restricted to the north and northwest.” 