Footage shows a man walking to pub with a friend's daughter just hours before she stabbed him to death. Rebecca Press, aged 31, plunged a three-inch knife into Marc Ash's chest at her mother's flat when Mr Ash tried to calm her during a row with her brother. Press told her mother "I have stabbed your f****** best friend" before running from the flat and hiding in a bush. She was later arrested and initially feigned surprise, saying "Have I murdered someone?". A court heard Press and Mr Ash had attended a rugby club and a pub the night prior to the killing. They were seen chatting and "having a good time" but Press later became agitated when she got stuck in a toilet cubicle at a pub, and blamed a barmaid for locking her in the toilet. Press also became erratic the next day, after her brother Gavin Press said her ex-boyfriend had been seeing another woman, Wales Online reports. Mr Ash was stabbed during the confrontation when he tried to calm Press. After the stabbing, Gavin Press was filmed on police bodyworn camera at his mother's flat in Caerphilly, south Wales, telling the police what he witnessed. But, though Press was arrested and charged, she denied the murder and the case was taken to trial at Cardiff Crown Court. During which, she changed her plea during the trial. The defendant was yesterday sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 20 years. Following the hearing, Millie Davies of the Crown Prosecution Service said: "Rebecca Press killed Marc Ash, her mother’s neighbour and best friend, in a senseless act of gratuitous violence whilst under the influence of drink and drugs. During the course of the evidence being presented to the jury by the CPS, Press decided to change her plea, pleading guilty to murder. "Marc Ash was simply trying to help a friend in distress, a decision which tragically cost him his life. Our thoughts remain with his family and friends." The court had heard Press initially threatened to stab her brother before turning the blade on Mr Ash. When police arrived, Gavin Press told them he witnessed the attack. Paramedics were called but Mr Ash died at the scene on July 16, 2022.