A mum has told of her terror after her air fryer caught fire and "could have burnt down the kitchen". Rebecca Sim, 52, switched the one-year-old Tower device on to cook bacon in her kitchen when she noticed a flame and a plastic smell. The retired school teacher said the blaze escalated to an "inferno" as she unplugged it and threw it outside.  Rebecca told the Manchester Evening News: "I was really shocked. I bought the air fryer for my daughter Isobel when she was at Liverpool University and she would cook in it and leave it when she was washing her hair. Thank God I didn't leave it - it could have burnt the kitchen down." Dramatic video footage captures the device on fire outside her home and the air fryer company has launched an investigation. The mother-of-two added: "So many people have now got air fryers, and so many of my friends have got one. They all say they often leave it cooking while they go and do something. It is very simple to use and it had been thoroughly cleaned, so I wasn't expecting it. "It was a really nasty experience that could have been far far worse without my quick thinking. I know that with the cost of living crisis many people are trying to reduce costs and have bought air fryers." Rebecca said the device had been 'thoroughly cleaned out' before she used it. She added: "I put some bacon in to cook. When it had nearly done I pulled out the tray to check it, it was splattering. As I was checking the tray I noticed a tiny flicker in the bottom part of the fryer. I was concerned as it didn’t look right.  "My daughters used to leave the food to cook, while they got ready. Thank God I didn’t. I noticed the flickering and a plastic smell, so I knocked the switch off with a wooden spoon, unplugged it and smothered it with a damp tea towel. "When I removed the tea towel I saw smoke and the beginnings of what looked like flames in the base of the fryer. I have Multiple Sclerosis and I am not that fast or strong so with much difficulty I picked it up and threw it out the back door where it turned into an inferno. "I was just shocked - I was thinking what if that had been my daughter. I couldn't believe how quickly it burnt up and there was so much noise. It was really shocking." A spokesperson for Tower said: "The consumer involved contacted us on Wednesday (January 4) regarding her experience.  "Whilst we are pleased that Rebecca is OK we are reaching out to her seeking to obtain the Air Fryer so an investigation can be carried out. "The safety of our products is of the upmost importance to Tower and a thorough investigation will help us to understand the circumstances." 