Karine Jean-Pierre repeatedly clashed with members of the White House press corps as she fielded questions during the daily briefing. Joe Biden's Press Secretary locked horns with CBS correspondent Ed O'Keefe as she refused to confirm whether conversations had happened in November about disclosing the discovery of classified documents at Mr Biden's former office. But Ms Jean-Pierre said she wanted to be "prudent" and would not expand further on the mishandling claims. Ms Jean-Pierre said: "Look, I understand you guys are going to have a lot of questions on this. I get that. "I know you guys are going to have a lot of questions on process and specifics. And what I can tell you is that I'm not going to go beyond what the president laid out. "I'm not going to go beyond what my White House counsel colleagues have stated. I would refer you to them for any other specifics or additional information. "I want to be prudent here. I want to make sure that we do this in the appropriate way." JUST IN: Idaho murders: Bryan Kohberger to appear in court day after students return to campus Mr O'Keefe insisted he and his colleagues would continue to hold Ms Jean-Pierre to account, saying: "You're not going to answer the questions, but we're going to ask them because that's our job." The White House Press Secretary replied: "I understand. And my job is to answer your question. So here we go! Let's go!" The CBS correspondent then renewed his line of questioning by referencing a quote by Mr Biden in which he pledged he would acknowledge his mistakes. The President said: "I'm going to make mistakes. When I make them, I'll acknowledge them, and I'll tell you. And I'll need your help to help me correct them." READ MORE: Passengers stuck on train for 20 hours phoned police over fears they were held hostage Mr O'Keefe then asked: "So, you're the one here talking to us about this. That's why we're asking you. So let's just remember that." Ms Jean-Pierre attempted to placate the reporter: "Ed, Ed, Ed, we don't need to have this- we work very well together. "We don't need to have this kind of confrontation. Ask your question and I will answer them the best that I can." But her bid to pacify him was rebuked as Mr O'Keefe hit out: "Part of the reason we're laying that out is because you're laying out your part of the job, we're laying out our part of the job, which is asking questions." Mr Biden's Press Secretary said: "I know, but I'm just saying we don't need to have contention- you don't need to be contentious with me here, Ed." DON'T MISS: 'Cowardly' death row killer who hired hitman to kill wife executed [INSIGHT]'He said I had good birthing hips': Woman details 'weird' Tinder date with Bryan Kohberger [SPOTLIGHT]OJ Simpson's lawyer outlines best defence for suspected Idaho killer [REVEAL] The briefing had earlier seen Ms Jean-Pierre clash with Peter Doocy as the Fox News' White House correspondent also challenged the Press Secretary for clarity on the mishandling of the files. The White House announced on Monday that the Justice Department is reviewing a batch of potentially classified documents found in the Washington office space of President Biden’s former institute. Special counsel to the president Richard Sauber said “a small number of documents with classified markings” were discovered as the President's personal attorneys were clearing out the offices of the Penn Biden Center. Mr Sauber said the papers were found on November 2, 2022, in a “locked closet” in the office. Mr Biden said he was "surprised" when informed that Government records were found at his former office space in Washington. Speaking during a visit to Mexico on Tuesday, the US President said: "I was briefed about this discovery and surprised to learn that there are any Government records that were taken there to that office." He added "I don’t know what’s in the documents" and said his lawyers had advised him not to ask.