DIY-savvy shoppers are finding new ways to transform their homes on a budget, with IKEA hacks growing in popularity. There are currently millions of videos housed under the #IKEAHACK hashtag on the platform, and one, in particular, has been applauded for its "expensive" looking results despite costing just £30. The hack uses two of the Swedish home retailer's MAGASIN bread bins, which cost just £15 each, to create a stylish side table complete with storage. One TikTok creator to put the hack to the test is Ella, who shares home and lifestyle content on her page @housenumber6_. In her video, Ella explained how she used no more nails to glue the two bread bins together. To do this, she placed the bread bins on their side, glueing the bottom of each together. When flipped on the side, the table has a curved appearance with two cupboard doors perfect for storage. "If you don't get it the first time that's okay because there is a little bit of wiggle room until the glue sets anyway so don't worry," she said. READ MORE: Banish ‘terrible’ smells from washing machines using £1.25 item "Then I used a damp cloth to wipe away any excess and I put a couple of cookbooks on it to weigh it down while it set." As an additional extra Ella chose to glue four table legs on, to add height, though this is not essential. Other TikTok creators have shown how you can create a similar effect by glueing the legs from a plant pot stand to the bottom of the bread bin too. "It's so cute, I'm obsessed with it and it looks so expensive," Ella said after putting together her side table. The great thing about the hack is that there is plenty of opportunity for you to add your own personality to the side table. The bread bins can be left as they are after glueing together for a pine side table, or you can add a splash of colour with some furniture paint. DON'T MISS‘Perfect’ colours to paint your kitchen in 2023 [INSIGHT]Damp can cost up to £5,000 to repair - use ‘cheap £1’ item to fix [EXPLAINER]House prices ‘fell through the floor’ since mini-Budget [ANALYSIS] Viewers have applauded the ease of the budget-friendly hack, with Ella's video having amassed 480K at the time of writing. Kiran said: "Omg looks lovely." [SIC] Another described the hack as "brilliant". Amy Lou said: "That's genius." Similarly, one user said: "That's one of the coolest things I've ever seen." Some TikTok users even believe IKEA will soon be inspired to create their own range after seeing the explosion of this hack online. "I give it a month before IKEA starts making or selling these in various colours," wrote one commenter. Other users have even come up with a name for the table, describing it as "the breadside table". To begin, you will need two MAGASIN bread bins, which cost £15 each. Then, flip one of the bread bins upside down and line up the second bin on top, so the bottom of each bin is touching. This will create a curved appearance at the front of the table, where the two doors can be opened outwards like a cupboard. Stick the two bread bins together using a wood or furniture glue, or heavy-duty adhesive. Allow the glue some time to dry. Placing a heavy object on top of one of the bread bins will help weigh it down for added security. Once dry, you have the option of customising your new side table by adding legs to the bottom or a lick of furniture paint.