Marcelo Bielsa would have taken over at Everton if he was allowed to manage the U21 side until the end of the season, according to reports. The Toffees eventually turned to Sean Dyche once talks to appoint the Argentine hit complications, with an announcement expected on Friday. Bielsa has plenty of admirers due to his glittering managerial CV and exciting brand of football. He was thought to be at the top of owner Farhad Moshiri's wish list, despite many feeling as though appointing him in the midst of a relegation dogfight wouldn't be the right move for the club. Talks took place over the past few days but matters quickly became complicated. There were rumours that the former Leeds boss was concerned about a lack of pace in the side and wanted to match the £6million-per-year wages he earned at Elland Road. Bielsa supposedly requested time to mould the side in his image, with The Times claiming that his preference would have been to manage the U21 team until the end of the season before taking over the senior side. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal' Everton ultimately decided that they needed an immediate jolt of electricity and turned down Bielsa's request, which included bringing eight of his own backroom staff to Goodison Park. Dyche has been out of work since April last year but he looks poised to take the reins on Merseyside instead. The former Burnley boss spent a decade at Turf Moor, where the Clarets regularly punched above their weight in the Premier League on a shoestring budget. The Everton board supposedly view him as a 'safe pair of hands' who has a point to prove after being axed last year. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss Although the appointment is yet to be made official, the final details are supposedly being thrashed out with Dyche regarding a contract valid until 2025. Bielsa, meanwhile, appears to be taking his time regarding where to go next after almost a year out of the game, with the 67-year-old reeling from a third near-miss over the past few months after talks were held with Bournemouth and the Mexican national team. Everton are 19th in the Premier League and two points from safety, while Dyche won't be given an easy run of fixtures in which to try and find his feet. Arsenal visit Goodison Park next weekend before the 51-year-old gets his first taste of the Merseyside derby on February 13.  The incoming manager will also have several pressing transfer matters to deal with, not least deciding the future of academy product Anthony Gordon, who supposedly refused to turn up to training earlier this week in the hope of forcing through a move to Newcastle United. Summer signing Amadou Onana is also attracting interest in the January window, with Arsenal and Chelsea rumoured to be keeping tabs on his situation. The Toffees are yet to make any major signings of their own with Tuesday's deadline fast approaching. 