Chelsea may have to tie up a deal for Enzo Fernandez by Monday, according to reports. The Blues have re-entered negotiations over a deal for the Argentina star and the player is pushing for a move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea pursued Fernandez earlier in the window. However, Benfica were not happy at the way the west London club went about their business. Benfica coach Roger Schmidt criticised the Blues for "pretending" to pay Fernandez's release clause and getting inside the head of the World Cup winner. Chelsea had cooled their interest in recent weeks but are now hoping to strike a late deal. The transfer window shuts at 11pm on Tuesday. However, CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims a deal may well have to be agreed a day earlier. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Benfica play away to Arouca on Tuesday evening and won't want to discuss the transfer on the day of a game. Chelsea therefore may well have their own deadline on Monday in order to get a transfer in place. Chelsea are still not yet prepared to trigger Fernandez's release clause of £105million but are desperate to get a deal over the line. Jacobs says Fernandez spoke to Benfica president Rui Costa as well as manager Schmidt on Sunday to express his desire to leave. Fernandez's reputation grew significantly at the World Cup in Qatar. He was part of the Argentina side that beat France in the dramatic penalty shootout win. The 22-year-old only joined Benfica last summer from River Plate but could already be on his way out of the Portuguese top flight. Fernandez could become Chelsea's eighth signing of the January window after they announced the arrival of right-back Malo Gusto. DON'T MISSBrighton 'ready' to sell Caicedo as Arsenal given green light for transferTottenham 'submit £22m bid' for Hincapie but have hurdle to overcomeNewcastle have 'opening bid rejected' as Howe plans late January assault  But if they want to strike an agreement with Benfica, they may have some making up to do. Three weeks ago, Schmidt expressed his anger at how Chelsea first attempted to sign Fernandez. He said: "There is a club who wants our player. They know we don't want to sell the player. They tried to get the player on their side and they know that they can only get this player when they pay the clause. "To make the player crazy, pretend they can pay the clause and then want to negotiate, this is not what I understand about a good relationship between clubs who maybe want to discuss a player. So that's what I can say about the whole topic of Enzo."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here