Manchester United have reportedly reached an agreement to sign striker Wout Weghorst. The Red Devils are close to completing a tricky deal for the Holland star, who is on loan at Besiktas from Championship outfit Burnley. Besiktas have been unwilling to lose the 30-year-old, who did not have a recall clause in his temporary deal. The Turkish giants were demanding a hefty compensation fee to allow him to return to Burnley so that a move to United could be completed. That is according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, who reports that a full verbal agreement is in place between United, Besiktas and Burnley. Besiktas will then fully approve the deal when a replacement for Weghorst is found. "I don't understand why Weghorst said goodbye to the fans, why he made such a move. He is our football player right now. Our contract expires at the end of the season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Harry Kane plan, Chelsea frustrationEx-Man Utd ace Mame Biram Diouf holds key to Wout Weghorst transferMan Utd hero Rio Ferdinand has Harry Maguire suspicion about Ten Hag "If Manchester United or any other team wants Weghorst, they will meet with Burnley anyway. Burnley will then contact us and discuss the terms of separation. If we accept, the contract will be terminated. Otherwise, it will go on until the end of the season. "He can't just go. There will have to be a reward for us to approve the separation. I'll give an example. If Burnley told us, 'We made a deal with this team for Weghorst, we will give you half of the transfer fee', this may be a different condition. Then we'll sit down and talk." Burnley signed Weghorst last January in a reported £12m transfer from Wolfsburg. He was supposed to fire them towards safety but the Clarets soon sacked their long-serving and successful head coach Sean Dyche, which was the catalyst for their eventual relegation. Weghorst scored just two Premier League goals in his five months at Turf Moor. He has enjoyed much more successful form in Turkey, bagging netting 10 times in the top flight. There was also the infamous last-minute equaliser in Holland’s World Cup quarter-final clash with Argentina, which his side eventually lost on penalties.