Thick black smoke has been spotted rising from near residential homes in Bristol. Fire engine sirens have been heard in the Fishponds area of the city. A local resident Mariana Trench posted images of the spiralling smoke to her Twitter page.  She wrote: "Something seems to be on fire in Fishponds, Bristol. "I can hear sirens so that’s good I guess but it’s lots of black soot." A spokesperson for Avon Fire and Rescue told the Express that two fire engines had been sent to put out a fire that had started in a derelict caravan. The fire has been successfully extinguished and there are no reported casualties. On Friday, fire crews from Kingswood were called out to a fire at Cook Close, Oldland Common.  They discovered a small fire on a cooker hob and were quickly able to put it out. The crews used one high pressure hose reel to deal with the fire. A spokesperson for the emergency services said the cause of the fire was thought to be "accidental". Avon Fire and Rescue Service have issued a strongly worded statement regarding the abusive treatment crews received when they were called to an incident the Knowle West area on January 23. Firefighters responded to calls of a motorbike fire at around 6pm on Monday. READ MORE: 80 firefighters tackle church blaze in St John’s Wood  When they arrived they were attacked by youths, who threw bottles at them. Dave Hodges, Avon Fire & Rescue Service (AF&RS) Duty Group Commander, said: “The actions of the individuals involved meant crews were unable to deal with the deliberate fire and it was left to self-extinguish. "Fortunately, no firefighters were hurt and we’d like to thank Avon & Somerset Police for their prompt response and support. “This kind of activity not only puts our crews, who risk their lives to keep our communities safe, at risk but also draws us away from responding to other incidents.” DON'T MISSFamily left devastated as fire destroys family home and kills cat [NEWS]'Hero' son died trying to save father's life in e-bike house fire [SPOTLIGHT]Thick plumes of black smoke billowing across west London skies [REVEAL]