Manchester United have reportedly identified Southampton right-back Kyle Walker-Peters as a potential target if Aaron Wan-Bissaka leaves the club this month. Erik ten Hag won't let Wan-Bissaka depart without a replacement in place but may have landed on his preferred candidate. The 25-year-old has fallen down the pecking order since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's 2021 sacking and is second choice behind Diogo Dalot under Ten Hag. But he has produced a string of encouraging performances since returning from injury in recent weeks, boosting his stocks in the shop window. United are understood to be ready to cash in on Wan-Bissaka after he has predominantly failed to live up to his £50million price tag at Old Trafford. Crystal Palace, West Ham United and Wolves are at the forefront of links, though they will only be able to lure him away from the Red Devils if Ten Hag replaces him in his squad. According to talkSPORT, the Dutchman would be interested in Walker-Peters if Wan-Bissaka finds an exit route this month amid the former's contract turmoil at Southampton. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The report claims the England international is attempting to force a move away from St. Mary's after stalling in talks over a new deal, which is due to expire in 2025. United have shortlisted Walker-Peters, also 25, as Wan-Bissaka's potential successor should he depart before the winter deadline. Ten Hag will view his versatility as an enticing trait, with the explosive full-back also able to feature on the left. However, the M16 giants face competition from Chelsea, who have developed a habit of hijacking rival clubs' moves since Todd Boehly replaced Roman Abramovich as owner. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have new Alejandro Garnacho as Erik ten Hag weighs up transfer  The Blues could challenge United for Walker-Peters as they search for cover for Reece James, who continues to be thwarted by injury issues. Tottenham are also said to be monitoring his situation, three years after sending Walker-Peters to the south coast in a £12m deal. He has earned two England caps and is ready to make the next step in his career as Southampton risk Premier League relegation. The Saints are currently rock-bottom on 12 points, losing 12 of their 18 games under Ralph Hassenhuttl and Nathan Jones this term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here