The front-loading design of most UK washing machines is so leak-proof, that it doesn’t dry out as quickly or easily (compared to a top-loading machine) and therefore becomes a bit of a breeding ground for moisture-loving mould. It is also prone to the growth of black mould which can be dangerous to those with sensitive immune systems or respiratory conditions if not dealt with. Fed up of the state of her appliance, one cleaning enthusiast took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page to ask fellow users for advice on how to clean behind her washing machine drawer. Posting a picture of where the washing machine drawer is housed covered in black mould, Louise Geddis-Regan wrote: “This is behind our washing machine drawer, can anyone suggest where to even begin?” The post received over 90 comments from users suggesting a range of mould remover sprays. The most common ones suggested were Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. Karen Simpson said: “Spray with Astonish mould and mildew, leave it then scrub with a long handled brush.” Louise Stay commented: “Hi, spray astonish mould mildew. Brilliant stuff. Leave for half hour. Less scrubbing.” READ MORE: ‘Common culprits’ that shorten the life of your washing machine Janette Haig wrote: “Astonish mould and mildew spray will make a huge difference.” Jean Watson-Neill advised: “Give a good spray with Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. Give it a good scrub with an old toothbrush, then give the drawer a good spray and scrub. Put back in and put machine on an empty hot cycle.” Maureen Gamble replied: “I use this, it’s brilliant.” Sandra Beaumont added: “Same here.” Belinda Foster-Rooke said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew cleaner, brilliant. Also you can use a battery powered sonic brush, that's how I do mine every three months, keeps it lovely and clean.” DON'T MISSLatest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [INSIGHT]I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle [COMMENT]Kitchen item that ‘works like magic’ to remove yellow duvet stains [EXPERT] Kathleen Milligan commented: “Mine was just like yours, covered in stubborn buildup of mould and I found that only Astonish’s mould remover spray worked for me. Completely effortless to remove this way, just had to spray, leave and then wipe the area down.” Josie Young added: “Just squirt with the Astonish mould spray. It will disappear in minutes.” Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster can be purchased for as little as 95p from Wilko or £1 from the Pound Shop. According to the brand, the product "blasts away mould and mildew stains in minutes without the need for scrubbing." To remove mould, spray Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster onto the desired surface and leave the product to work for a satisfactory amount of contact time, approximately three to four minutes. Then wipe down the surface with a clean damp cloth and rinse off the surface with clean water. READ MORE: Get ‘streak-fee’ windows with 'effective' solution in minutes Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended going down the natural route to remove mould from behind washing machine drawers. Lorna Winstanley said: “I use bicarbonate of soda and clear vinegar mixed up in a spray bottle, leave it for about half an hour. “Then I use an old bottle brush to scrub it. Generally it cleans really well.” Susan Patton instructed: “Spray with white vinegar every day and it will prevent mould developing there.” Myra Wright said: “Spray white vinegar into the cavity and leave for a while before wiping out and repeating until clear. Use a sink brush to reach the back.” Anne Smith wrote: “I clean my washing machine with white vinegar monthly on a 60 degree wash. “Take drawer out and wash it and inside with the same solution in a spray bottle and use a brush to get into crevices.” One cleaning enthusiast urged others to avoid using fabric conditioner as this apparently encourages it. Barber Sewell said: “My washing machine drawer gets like that often. Stop using fabric conditioner in every wash.”