Jarrell Miller has informed his promoter Dmitriy Salita that he wants to redeem himself against Anthony Joshua after their bout was cancelled in 2019 due to the American failing a pre-fight drugs test. AJ is looking likely to face another one of Salita’s fighters, Jermaine Franklin, on April 1 but failing that Miller has put his name forward as well. Joshua vs Miller generated a great deal of hype before its eventual fallout with a heated lead-up to fight night. Their yet-to-be-aired ‘The Gloves Are Off’ episode is one of the most thought-after pieces of lost boxing media and there was considerable disappointment when the news broke that the fight wouldn’t be happening. That being said, after serving a combined four-year doping suspension, Miller – who returned to the ring in June 2022 – has a long journey ahead of him before he can re-establish himself amongst the divisional elite. But according to Salita, Miller is willing to do what it takes to make up for lost time. Speaking to Express Sport, he said: “I received a phone call from Jarrell Miller last week, he said ‘Dmitriy I’ll take short money, tell Joshua I want to fight, and I’ll take short money.’ So, if Jarrell can work his way back up to that level, I believe it will be interesting to see him in those elite fights as well.” However, Miller will struggle to get Matchroom Boxing on board with the idea. Eddie Hearn has repeatedly affirmed that he will never work with the 34-year-old again and recently revealed that he will be seeking legal action over an advanced payment made to the disgraced heavyweight. Salita added: “As it stands now, I don’t think Matchroom is too keen to work with Jarrell but if Jarrell stays clean, keeps getting tested, and keeps winning then things can change. You know, Dillian Whyte has failed tests, right? “It’s obviously inexcusable and people should be penalised for this to the highest extent of the law, and I think Jarrell has paid his dues, he hasn’t had a big fight since 2018 and he’s been out of the ring for the significant years of his career. From what he says and what he’s doing, he has changed his ways and he realises the lost opportunity. “Only time will tell but I believed in Jarrell’s ability when I first saw him in 2006 or 2007 when he was in training camp with me and when he fought as a pro on my show. Hopefully, he will get a chance to redeem himself and get a chance to shine. I think his personality and skills would add excitement to the division.”