Kate, Princess of Wales was born on January 9, 1982, making her a Capricorn. An astrologer has looked at the royal’s star sign and suggested what might lie ahead for her this year. Capricorn birth dates are between December 22 and January 20 and belong to the Earth element of the zodiac. All Earth signs (Taurus and Virgo included) are said to be connected with practicalities - work, home and family. They are also considered to be self-reliant, stoic and ambitious. According to astrologers, Capricorns are the hardest workers of the zodiac and make “partners in life, as well as friends or collaborators”. READ MORE: M&S shoppers rush to buy new 60p item and ‘everyone will want one’ Capricorns are also known for keeping small circles, but are “loyal and supportive”. The star sign is also represented by the symbol of a sea goat which is a nod to their ability to thrive in inhospitable environments. Capricorns are also conventional and value tradition, they are said to be risk-averse, instead, preferring to play it safe, valuing security and stability. Capricorns are also known for their strong sense of duty, so it is presumed, Kate can be relied upon. DON'T MISS...Five mistakes to avoid when painting with dark colours [EXPERT]Three food storage ideas to keep lettuce fresh and crispy [GUIDE]Sue Cleaver lost 3st by following popular diet that includes alcohol [PICTURES] As for what lies ahead for Kate, Debbie Frank, Princess Diana's astrologer, took a look at Kate’s star sign. She told Hello! how Kate will do her best to “keep calm and carry on” this year. The Princess is also going to “step up in new ways that endear her to the public”, therefore increasing and cementing her relatability and popularity. In terms of work, the summer months are when most of the action begins. READ MORE: What each Chinese zodiac sign should avoid or risk bad luck Debbie said “June is her mega-month to rise and shine”, but the months following will also be a “strong period” for Kate to “make her mark”. In summary, 2023 is going to be a “real opportunity” for Kate “to establish her identity as Princess of Wales”. Looking further ahead, Kate is said to be less of a natural “Queen” Consort than Camilla but will be a “perfect professional” when her time comes. This is because “Kate has much easier cycles long-term than Camilla,” astrologer Jessica Adams claims. Jessica also said Kate will be a “less natural monarch”, but will also be “under far less pressure” than her mother-in-law. For 2023, Kate is said to be a “far better fit for a Kingdom that does not look united” from March. Kate is not the only famous Capricorn, she shares the star sign with Michelle Obama, Dolly Parton, and John Legend to name a few.