Chelsea manager Graham Potter has pledged to work harder after fans were heard chanting for former boss Thomas Tuchel during the Blues' 4-0 loss to Manchester City in the FA Cup. The Englishman's job is now under pressure following a poor run of form however Pep Guardiola has encouraged Todd Boehly to give him more time. Chelsea were completely outplayed by City at the Etihad with a double from Riyad Mahrez as well as goals from Phil Foden and Julian Alvarez contributing to a comfortable victory. The west Londoners have won just one of their last eight games in all competitions with pressure building on Potter. Chelsea fans appear to be starting to turn against the 47-year-old with those in attendance in Manchester chanting the name of predecessor Tuchel as well as former owner Roman Abramovich. Potter responded to the chanting after the game pledging to work even harder behind the scenes. "We can't do anything but do our jobs better and work harder," he told reporters in his post-match press conference. "We understand the supporters' frustration but our job is to do our job. There are always other opinions, criticism and negativity, but that's part of the challenge." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Potter has been publically backed back by Boehly and the Chelsea hierarchy who state that they remain confident in the long-term project at the club. However, if the current run of form continues they may feel they have no choice but to make a change. City boss Guardiola has encouraged the American to stick to his guns by giving Potter the opportunity to continue his project. "I'd say to Todd Boehly, it was a pleasure to meet him, but give him time." he said. "Give him time. The second part is about what he is. All managers need time and he's right."   Despite the poor form Potter still believes he can get the fans back on side as he insists he fully expects to see a better level of performance in the coming weeks. "It’s always challenging in the Premier League and it’s always challenging here," he said when asked about with the support of the fanbase. "I understand their frustration and I understand when you look at results and the team performance today that it is far away from Manchester City. That’s clear. "We have to focus on the next day, the next match. We play on Thursday and it’s an important game for us. We need to stay together as group, support each other, and I’m sure we will get the support of the supporters when we see good performances and results.” Chelsea will face Fulham in the west London derby on Thursday as Potter seeks to oversee a change to the situation at the club. 