King Charles III’s wife Queen Consort Camilla could see her title changed this year to drop the word “consort”. Buckingham Palace officials hope to make the change before the Coronation in May to bring her name in line with previous spouses of the sovereigns. But do you think this is the right move? Vote in our poll.  Daily Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said there has been “no official word from the Palace” on Camilla’s title but suggested change is imminent as the dropping of consort has been common by others before her. He told host Pandora Forsyth on this week's Daily Express Royal Round-Up: “Some papers refer to her as the Queen. I think they will drop the Consort at some point. Every Queen Consort has just been known as the Queen” He said that the process depends on the public’s acceptance of Camilla, explaining: “I think it is just that Elizabeth II was on the throne for 70 years, for many people in the world she was just the Queen. A case of putting some distance between her death and how Camilla is described” He added: “By the Coronation, they will just be calling her the Queen.” In October The Telegraph also reported that royal aides hoped to quietly bring Camilla’s by the Coronation. READ MORE: Queen Camilla set to drop 'consort' from her official title There was plenty of debate surrounding Camilla’s title once Charles ascended the throne, but Queen Elizabeth II marked the 70th anniversary of her ascension by declaring the Duchess of Cornwall to be known as the Queen Consort. The late Monarch said it was her “sincere wish” for Camilla to hold the title. She said: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife, Camilla, the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” So what do YOU think? Should Queen Camilla be allowed to drop ‘consort’ from her title? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.