Former Barcelona player Juan Carlos was rejected on the Spanish version of the popular TV show First Dates, despite kissing his date moments before. The player admitted on the programme that his career was destroyed due to a series of serious injuries which led to him making the tricky decision to hang up his boots very early. Carlos entered the restaurant-turned-TV studio to the FC Barcelona anthem, with a ball under his arm in true cliche footballing fashion. The 39-year-old then spoke about his Barcelona past during his introductory speech before confirming that his elite sports days were well behind him, spending his time as a ‘marble worker’ nowadays, having reportedly spent four years at Barca between 1998 and 2002. The singleton spent 24 years with his previous partner, but the ‘bachelor’ was now keen to get over his long-term relationship. Host Carlos Sobera and his matchmaking team decided to pair Carlos with Maria Gabriela, who had only arrived in Spain three months prior to filming and was struggling on the dating scene. The First Dates team look like they have hit the jackpot with their decision, with the newfound couple spending the evening chatting and laughing over dinner before crowning the night with a passionate kiss in the booth area of the restaurant. Though it was from that point onwards that it all went downhill for Carlos. The ex-Barca player revealed late on the date that he had three children and was divorced, and that was a tough pill to swallow for Venezuelan date Maria. Once the bill was settled, the couple were then taken to a separate room and asked whether they would like to go on a second date with their partner – and that is where the writing was on the wall for Carlos. The marble worker insisted that he would like to meet with Maria again and continue dating, though the feeling was not mutual. Maria – who said upon entry into the restaurant that she would like ‘a boy like Gerard Pique’ – responded with ‘no’. She explained that his previous relationship and children were the only reason for her decision, going as far as saying there was no room for compromise on her decision and that it was too big of an obstacle for her to overcome. “I couldn’t take it that well,” she attempted to explain, with Carlos left with no choice but to attempt to understand the rejection reason.