Experts at Top10Casinos.com, along with celebrity psychic Inbaal, revealed the luckiest day of the week, as well as the lucky numbers, for each star sign in the New Year. Numerology predictions include the best day of the year to propose, start a relationship, ask for a promotion at work or move houses. Lucky day: Tuesday Lucky numbers: Nine, 45, 54 Aries is ruled by the planet Mars governing passion and war, and also the planetary ruler of Tuesday. Inbaal revealed this will be "the best day of the week for actions, so ask that person out, put an offer on the house, or pitch that book on a Tuesday". The warrior planet is linked with the warrior number nine, making it a lucky number for Aries. Lucky day: Friday Lucky numbers: Five, Six, 33 For those born under the sign of the Bull, Venus is their planetary ruler and its day is Friday. The astrologer said: "A perfect day for romance, Friday is the right day to start searching for love, move in together, or propose. The number of harmony and marriage, number six, is linked with the love planet Venus, and a lucky number for Taurus.” Lucky day: Wednesday Lucky numbers: 23, 41, 55 Gemini is ruled by chatty planet Mercury, the ruler of Wednesday, which "is the day for Geminis to send a courageous message or sign a new agreement". "Moreover, the number of companionships, five, is linked with the Mercurial qualities of conversation and friendliness, making it a lucky number for Geminis,” Inbaal explained. READ MORE: Woman shares most 'awful' Christmas with in-laws - 'horror' Lucky day: Monday Lucky numbers: Two, 11, 20 Cancers' planet is the Moon, which governs emotions and connections with others and its day is Monday, "making it the best day for dealing with emotions, so schedule a counselling session or plan a heart-to-heart at the start of your week," the astrologer recommended. The number of femininity, number two, is the lucky number for Cancer, as it links with the Moon. Lucky day: Sunday Lucky numbers: One, 10, 28 For those born under the sign of the Lion, the Sun is their planetary ruler, "governing the soul, power, and authority, Sunday is the day of the Sun". Inbaal said this is "the perfect day to apply for a significant promotion into an authoritative position that embodies your personality". The number of new beginnings, number one, is Leo’s lucky number, the perfect day for a new start. Lucky day: Wednesday Lucky numbers: Nine, 32, 50 Mercury, the planet of communication, rules Virgos and Wednesday, Virgo’s lucky day, is "the ideal day for finalising a contract or sending out wedding invitations," Inbaal revealed. Number five is the "number of personal relationships and aligns with the qualities of Mercury, so a lucky number for Virgos".  Lucky day: Friday Lucky numbers: 15, 42, 56 Venus, a planet that is romantic and domestic, has Friday as a lucky day, which is also Librans’ best day, and "perfect for declarations of love and for picking up the keys to a new home". The number six symbolizes a luxurious and comfortable life and is linked to the planet Venus, so six is a lucky number for Librans. Lucky day: Tuesday Lucky numbers: 13, 27, 49 Scorpio is ruled by the planet Pluto, but in traditional astrology, Scorpio was ruled by Mars. As Mars is associated with Tuesday, "this makes it a good day for ending things and new beginnings," the astrology expert explained. The courageous number nine is linked with Mars, therefore, a lucky number for Scorpios. READ MORE: Kate may change her style this Christmas to recreate the late Queen Lucky day: Thursday Lucky numbers: Three, 14, 59 Sagittarius is assigned to the planet Jupiter, associated with expansion and prosperity, Thursday is the lucky day for travel-loving Sagittarians, "perfect for booking that plane ticket or a much-needed trip," Inbaal said. The number of abundance and success, number three, is a lucky number for Sagittarians, the astrologer revealed. Lucky day: Saturday Lucky numbers: Eight, 44, 53 Ruled by Saturn, Capricorns' lucky day is Saturday, "a good day for setting boundaries, such as blocking an ex on social media or saying no to an unreasonable request". The lucky number for Capricorns is eight, the number of material achievements. Lucky day: Saturday Lucky numbers: Four, 17, 31 The water sign is governed by Saturn, and Saturday would be the lucky day for Aquarius, according to the astrologer. He said: "This sign's modern ruler is Uranus, the planet of change and revolution, hence Saturday would be a great time to visualise new possibilities. Four is the lucky number for Aquarius, as it’s the number of Uranus, and represents fearless truth.” Lucky day: Thursday Lucky numbers: Seven, 18, 25 “With two ruling planets to help out, those born under the sign of the Fish are just swimming in luck," Inbaal predicted. Thursday will be the lucky day for Pisceans in 2023 and seven will be the sign’s lucky number.