Not being valued for their contributions, feeling like they were being underpaid, and working conditions starting to deteriorate, are among the leading causes of itchy feet. Nearly one in five (18 percent) experienced job doubt when finding themselves working too many hours. And once these workers started to develop feelings of frustration, they ramped up their job search, on average, within four months – and it typically took just over three months to land a new position. Thankfully, over three-quarters (79 percent) of those who left their jobs after getting itchy feet felt they definitely made the right move – with only three percent saying the grass really wasn’t greener on the other side. Doug Rode, UK&I managing director at global recruitment specialist Michael Page, which commissioned the research, said: “Once the honeymoon period of a new job is over, it’s possible that you realise it wasn’t quite the right fit for you all along. “When these thoughts start to manifest, it is only a matter of time before something has to give. “There is nothing worse than being miserable in your job, so unhappy workers should address any concerns with their employer, and attempt to find a solution. “If feelings of frustration or unhappiness persist, perhaps it’s the right time to take rational action and embrace a new challenge. “The fact that just three percent of respondents thought they were worse off in a new role, after acting on itchy feet, should empower people to make a positive career change.” The study went on to find more than a fifth of workers (22 percent) are planning on seeking new employment within the first half of this year. Reasons for this include 23 percent wanting to pursue different opportunities, and 21 percent feeling like they have hit a ceiling with how far they can progress in their current role. An additional 19 percent are disgruntled about their current circumstances because there’s been no pay rise within the last 12 months. On the other hand, 28 percent of staff have had a welcome increase in their pay within the last three months, as the cost-of-living has continued to squeeze household finances. That said, 36 percent admit they are concerned about their future finances, despite still having some disposable income. And a further 28 percent claim their income just about covers their outgoings. Despite many having concerns about their finances, over half (54 percent) say they are not worried about being made redundant in the year ahead. The research, which was conducted via OnePoll, went on to quiz employees about the perks they look for when on the job hunt – with the most popular being an early finish on Fridays (39 percent). More than one in three (35 percent) want to join an employer which offers opportunities to train, while a well-designed and equipped office environment is a bonus for 28 percent. When it comes to benefits within their contract, over half of employees (52 percent) want a minimum of 28 days holiday, while 46 percent want a competitive company pension contribution. And 43 percent want progressive hybrid, flexible, and remote working policies, while 27 percent want good parental or family leave policies. Doug Rode, from Michael Page, added: “Identifying what workers prioritise when looking for a new role is a useful tool for any company seeking not only to hire top talent, but also retain their own. “Businesses need to ensure that their contractual benefits are fit for the modern working world – and that their “nice to have” perks reflect the new, post-pandemic desires of workers across the country. “From early finish Fridays and significant annual leave allowance, through to staying competitive when it comes to pensions, there are numerous ways that employers can attract talent. “Thinking outside the box can be a great way to have an edge over the competition, but often it's a case of getting the basics spot on, and always keeping your benefits refreshed and up to date.”