Britons are helping with the war effort in Ukraine by paying for their own personalised rockets to be fired at the enemy. There have been almost 200 orders from Britain to the website Sign My Rocket, where customers can choose their own weapon including a MiG-29 fighter jet.  People from around the world have been getting involved on the site where there is a sliding scale of prices according to what they want to be fired at Russians.  Having text on a 155mm artillery shell comes in at around £162, while text on a R-27ER rocket will set someone back around £732.  Once people have paid their money, soldiers will write the chosen message onto the weapon, and send a photo or video to the buyers as proof.  Metro reports that the fundraising initiative was started last summer by Ukrainian student Anton Sokolenko, and has already raised £1 million for the war effort.    One message reads, “London says hi,” while another pays a strange tribute to the Queen, with the words “Rest in Peace Queen Elizabeth II 1926-2022.”  Others are a lot blunter, with one message stating: “My Dogs Luke and Leah P*** and S*** on Putin’s Face.”  And, almost like a message someone might put on a Christmas card, one missile simply says: “From the Turners.”  State leaders have also sponsored weapons, including the former assistant head of Finland’s military intelligence Martti Kari.  READ MORE: Real-life 'chamber of secrets' hidden beneath housing estate  On his rocket there is the message “Merry Christmas from the Kari family!”  And one of Finland’s most celebrated writers, Sofi Oksanen, whose work has been compared to Margaret Atwood, has also got in on the action.  After paying for some rocket shells destined for Russian troops she tweeted: “This year the money I would have spent on fireworks went to this kind of rocket to defend Ukraine from Russian aggression.”  The We Are The Mighty website reports that this is not the first time the West has sent personalised bombs to the enemy.  DON'T MISSIggy Azalea drops racy pic in lingerie to mark her debut on OnlyFans [PICTURED]Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing [REVEALED]Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [REPORT]  After the September 11 attacks messages of solidarity for the States and vengeance against Al Qaeda and the Taliban started appearing on bombs headed for Afghanistan.  Messages about Saddam Hussein and the Ba’ath party were familiar sights on bombs and missiles headed for Iraq in the early 2000s.  More recently, bombs headed for Iraq and Syria have had messages for ISIS and Baghdadi, and messages supporting Paris were popular after the attacks in 2015.  And during the Second World War, putting messages on bombs became very popular, particularly among American aircrews, who wrote “Happy Easter” to Adolph Hitler. 