Nile Rodgers, 70, has worked with some of the biggest names in music including Madonna, Dianna Ross and David Bowie. The musician has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the "greatest moment" of his life involving Paul McCartney forming a "dance circle" at the White House. Nile performed along with several other artists at Barack Obama's final party before he left his presidency. He told Express.co.uk of the event: "One of the greatest moments of my life was when I was playing President Obama's final party just two or three days before he left the presidency. "I looked out on the dance floor and there was Paul McCartney, with his wife, and he had formed a dance circle, and he was singing the lyrics to my songs." Nile admitted he "couldn't believe" how lucky he was, admitting it was a time he even felt starstruck. READ MORE: Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims He continued: "I couldn't believe it, I was like, what? The first song I ever learned to play on the guitar was a Paul McCartney, Beatles song, A Day in the Life. "And I'm going, how can this be life? Paul McCartney is singing my song and you could see that he knew all the words!" Nile, along with Nirvana, The Supremes and Slick Rick are among the artists to be honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2023 Grammys. Ma Rainey, Bobby McFerrin, and Heart’s Ann Wilson and Nancy Wilson are also 2023 recipients. Nile recently revealed that he had been in the studio with Coldplay, working on new music, telling The Sun: "What was great working with Coldplay is that we’re all in the room together and it’s sort of like a spiritual thing." Nile has been sober for 28 years after nearly dying from drug and alcohol abuse while also facing two harsh cancer battles in his life. He was first diagnosed with an "aggressive"' prostate cancer in 2010 but after undergoing treatment was given the all-clear three years later. However, just four years later he was diagnosed with kidney cancer, which was cured surgically. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis in her bustiest display yet in black cut-out dress [PICS] Corrie's Stephanie Beacham confronted by 'hammer-wielding burglar' [LATEST] Jessie J announces pregnancy one year after heartbreaking miscarriage [COMMENT]  The star remains positive and admitted he has no intention to take a step back from his successful music career. Nile is currently promoting his most recent project, the Make It With Nile YouTube docuseries, where Samsung has partnered with the music legend to uncover new ways music is being made today. In the docuseries, Nile is seen working in the studio with TikTok sensations ALTÉGO, Armani White, INJI and Dréya Mac. He chats to the creatives about making it in music and how it’s changed over the years thanks to advances in smartphone technology, platforms like TikTok and opportunities like StemDrop. Speaking on the project, Nile said: "I think it's great, any form of reaching the public to me is fantastic. "It's easy to think about the possible negative stuff, but I'm not really like that. I always try to look at the positive. "An artist can reach anybody out there, it's amazing. It's an amazing gift to me, that's what we live for." You can watch 'Make It With Nile' series now on @SamsungUK YouTube channel