Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola claims that he will only leave the club if he loses the dressing room after calling out his players for a lack of desire last week. The Sky Blues fought back to beat Tottenham at the Etihad Stadium on Thursday but Guardiola was distinctly unimpressed, and picked his moment to dish out a reality check. Midfielder Ilkay Gundogan was the first to point out that City's players lacked the same desire that has carried them in recent years, following a shock Carabao Cup exit against Southampton earlier this month. Guardiola concurred following a remarkable victory against Spurs, which saw City win 4-2 after going into the break two goals down. The former Barcelona boss has enjoyed huge success since moving to the Premier League, which he believes has contributed to his side's recent downfall. "I won four Liga titles in Spain in a row [with Barcelona] and it was not the same going for the fifth," he explained. "I was not starving enough — too much caviar! Real Madrid beat us to the league that year." JUST IN: Arsenal ace Trossard rocks the boat already as Odegaard challenged Guardiola reportedly held talks with City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak following his post-Tottenham rant, during which he called out fans and stated that Arsenal could 'destroy' them. "I understand how my players feel but I am here to stop it," he added. "The chairman knows that. "I want to be here otherwise I would have not have signed [a new contract] but if I lose the team, I lose something. I can not be here. The club has to move forward. These goals we have given away like the second against Manchester United are not acceptable. Our fans want the second half against Spurs more often. This is what we have to do." DON'T MISS...Gerrard has Potter suspicion about huge Chelsea signing MudrykFergie's 10 worst Man Utd deals as Ten Hag looks to learn from errorsArsenal target Kiwior spotted at airport as Arteta lays out 'plan' City supporters waited intently to discover whether Guardiola would pen a new deal at the Etihad, having already been in the job for almost seven years. He did so earlier this campaign, pinning his future to Manchester until 2025 to extend what is already his longest stint at one club during his accomplished managerial career. The Catalan coach will hope that his eye-catching comments spur something in his players, with Arsenal currently five points ahead at the top of the table, despite having played a game fewer. Guardiola will watch on intently as his former assistant and current Gunners boss, Mikel Arteta, oversees a crunch clash against Manchester United on Sunday afternoon.  Arsenal weren't seen as serious title contenders before the start of the season and City boosted their chances of success by allowing Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko to head to the Emirates for a combined £77million. Guardiola insists that he has no regrets about allowing the duo to leave, however, adding: "Of course Erling Haaland coming in was difficult for Gabriel but it happens and it was a good deal."