Tottenham director Fabio Paratici held talks over a deal to sign Leandro Trossard before the Belgian winger joined Arsenal earlier this month, according to his agent. Trossard had been angling for a move away from Brighton and Hove Albion for a number of weeks before he was eventually snapped up by Arsenal, who paid the Seagulls around £27million in exchange for the 28-year-old's services. Trossard went on to make his Arsenal debut in Sunday's win over Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium and left a positive impression as the Gunners struck late via Eddie Nketiah to claim all three points and extend their lead at the top of the Premier League table. It could have ended up very differently for the former Brighton ace, though, if he had joined Tottenham before Arsenal came calling.His agent, Josy Comhair, has revealed that Tottenham entered discussions regarding a move for Trossard earlier this month but were unwilling to submit an immediate offer, with their hesitant approach to proceedings giving Arsenal the opportunity to swoop in for themselves."I called [Arsenal sporting director] Edu Gaspar on Wednesday," Comhair told Het Laatste Nieuws. "I explained the situation. Before the World Cup, we agreed that Leandro wouldn’t sign a new deal with Brighton, so they had to sell him now. Marseille were interested. I also talked to Tottenham but they wanted to wait." JUST IN: Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus' actions after Man Utd win speak volumes Trossard would have likely been a shrewd addition for Tottenham, who are yet to make any January signings in spite of Antonio Conte's desire to improve his squad before the end of this month. He shone brightly during his late cameo for Arsenal on Sunday and was hailed after the final whistle by Mikel Arteta, who spoke highly of the Belgium international in an interview with Sky Sports."Just in terms of numbers we had 15 or 16 outfield players and obviously it wasn’t enough, they are going to help us,” said Arteta on Trossard and inbound defender Jakub Kiwior. "Leo already helped us a lot, today he showed how composed, how calm and how confident he was when he came on the pitch and he helped us win the game." Trossard's performance also earned high praise from Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp, who insisted that he will go on to emerge as a hugely important cog in the machine for Arsenal as they look to make further progress with their ongoing Premier League title bid over the coming weeks and months."When they didn’t get [Mykhaylo] Mudryk, there might have been panic stations, but Trossard showed in a 15-minute cameo that he will be a great signing for them," said Redknapp. "He is a typical Arsenal player, it is a real bargain from their point of view." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.