Manchester United are reportedly leading the race to sign Borussia Monchengladbach star Marcus Thuram amid interest from their Premier League rivals. The Red Devils are desperate to sign a striker this month following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo prior to the World Cup. As it stands, only Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford are battling it out for the central striker spot in Erik ten Hag’s side. The latter came off of the bench to score the winner against Wolves on Saturday afternoon, though it did not mask what was a poor attacking display from United. The Old Trafford outfit struggled to truly put their opposition’s defence under pressure consistently and other than Rashford, United look to be lacking cutting-edge and a real goal threat. The performance only further justified why Ten Hag is desperate to acquire the services of another striker, and his side may have now found their man. According to BILD, France international Thuram is ready to join United in the January transfer window in a cut-price deal. The 25-year-old’s contract expires at the end of the season and Monchengladbach are weighing up whether to cash in on the services of their striker rather than lose him on a free transfer later down the line. It's been reported that United could snap him up for just £10.6m due to his contract situation. Aston Villa and Newcastle are also interested in the former Guingamp star, though are being overlooked by the player. They have been told to ‘save their bids’ as Thuram is keen on moving to one of his ‘four dream clubs’ – Inter Milan, Bayern Munich, PSG and United. The prolific forward has scored 10 and assisted three in 15 Bundesliga appearances so far this season, and helped France reach the World Cup final last month. With plenty of experience under his belt too, Ten Hag will be overjoyed by the news that they have been given the green light from Thuram to open talks with Monchengladbach given that he called for the club to recruit ‘players not numbers’. Speaking earlier this week, the former Ajax manager said: “We need good players, not just the numbers. We need quality players to cover. And also we need competition and we need to know also that we can make different choices. So we are looking for the right player for our squad, but it has to match our sporting criteria, definitely, but also some financial criteria.”