Princess Charlotte became the first female royal to benefit from The Succession to the Crown Act in 2013 at the age of two. The Act stated that girls born into the Royal Family will not be overtaken by younger brothers. The passing Act meant that Princess Charlotte made history when she was just two years old, following the birth of her younger brother, Prince Louis, in April 2018. The Act only applied to those born after October 28, 2011, so other female royals, such as Princess Anne and Lady Louise Windsor, missed out on the reward. As she was born prior to the Act coming into action, Princess Anne, who celebrated her 72nd birthday last August, is much further down the line of succession to Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, her two younger brothers. The only daughter of the late Queen is currently 16th-in-line of succession. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' after 'enjoying sympathy' from public Lady Louise, the only daughter of Prince Edward, was born in November 2003. Her birth date meant that she was overtaken in the line of succession by her younger brother, James, Viscount Severn. James, the son of Prince Edward, was born four years after Louise, in December 2007. If the Act had been put in place in the 1950s, Anne's children Peter and Zara, who both don't hold HRH titles, would be closer to the throne than Prince Andrew's two daughters. READ MORE: King Charles breaks cover with Princess Anne after planning Harry Coronation concession Prince William's daughter is the only female royal who has benefited from the Act change so far. According to royal expert Marlene Koenig, who previously spoke to Express.co.uk, Charlotte will never "be pushed down" the royal line of succession. She also pointed out that despite this, the "gender-equal" line of succession "doesn't apply to Princess Anne". DON'T MISS In other monarchies, such as in Sweden and Norway, the eldest child is the heir, no matter their gender. In some monarchies, males take precedence over females, such as in Spain. Also, in Monaco, Prince Albert of Monaco and Princess Charlene's son Prince Jacques is the heir apparent - despite being a few minutes younger than Princess Gabriella.