Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana would be "very welcome in London" should their parents, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, be invited to attend King Charles III's coronation in May, a royal historian suggested. Archie and Lilibet have spent a limited time in the United Kingdom since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex unveiled their plans to start their news lives in the United States in January 2020. Despite the current state of Harry and Meghan's relationship with the Royal Family, expert Gareth Russell suggested the King will leave the door open for reconciliation and would welcome the possibility to spend time with his youngest grandchildren. Russell said: "We do know King Charles III has kept the invitation to the coronation open. "And he's made it really clear that not just the Duke of Duchess of Sussex but also Lilibet and Archie are very welcome in London in May for his coronation." He told US Weekly: "I think the doors are open, both sides are saying the doors are open. "But I don't think the channels of communication are going to be open for quite some time." JUST IN: Prince Harry given a roadmap to 'restore his reputation' after explosive memoir Archie was less than a year old when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated the family to North America, first for a six-week break from royal duties and then more permanently to Meghan's native California. He returned to the UK only last June, when his parents were invited back to London to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Sussexes' daughter Lilibet was born in the United States and had never been to the UK before the summer. During the family's brief visit, Lilibet met Her late Majesty in person and celebrated her first birthday. The King is known to be very fond of his grandchildren, with one source once claiming he had been "upset" about not spending enough time with Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales's three children.  They said: "Charles feels rather left out. He gets very little time with his grandchildren and I know he gets upset about it because he has said so." Archie and Lilibet have been at the centre of much speculation since His Majesty's accession in September as their roles within the Royal Family were expected to change. As grandchildren to the sovereign in the male line, the Sussexes' two children would automatically become a prince and a princess. But as the Royal Family's website was updated to reflect the changes to the line of succession, and new titles for Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William and Kate, the children's titles remained unchanged to Master Archie Harrison and Lady Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. DON'T MISS: William and Kate's matching outfits could signify family 'battle' [REVEAL]Meghan left 'upset' by Pippa Middleton's snub before wedding - claim [INSIGHT]Charles will try to reconcile William and Harry for coronation [ANALYSIS] Royal commentator Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "What's the point of them being styled, even on a piece of paper, or a website, when they will have no role, whatsoever, in the Royal Family? "That said, they are very much part of Charles' family. He made that very clear. I think he wants to see his grandchildren. "They are very much his family, which is very different from having a role within the Royal Family." The King's coronation is scheduled to take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey.