Banks and building societies have been boosting interest rates across products in line with Bank of England Base Rate rises. However, Barclays is currently topping the leaderboard of one-year fixed cash ISAs - and savers can get started with just £1. While there are currently no savings accounts offering an interest rate that exceeds the UK’s staggering 10.7 percent inflation, fixed-term cash ISAs are typically known for offering some of the higher rates on the market. These accounts come with additional benefits, such as enabling savers’ money to grow without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). Fixed accounts also add a layer of certainty to savings as account holders are able to lock in the rate offered at the time of opening, which can’t be changed throughout the course of the term. However, cash ISAs can come with a few more restrictions, like penalty charges for early access or transfers. READ MORE: Nationwide offers 'exclusive' accounts for savers - get up to 5%  Barclays is currently offering the best rate for one-year ISAs with its 1-Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of four percent. Monthly and end-of-term interest payment options are available for this account. End-of-term interest is compounded annually and added to the funds deposited in the ISA when it matures. Monthly interest, however, can't be paid back into this ISA or directly into any other ISA or bond. It can be paid into a Barclays account in the account holder’s name or held jointly with someone else, or it can be sent to the person by cheque. Three withdrawals can be made during the one-year term, but people can only withdraw up to 10 percent of the cash ISA balance per withdrawal. DON'T MISS: Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Windows and wall changes could stop you losing energy [EXPLAINED]Lloyds offers competitive 4.5% interest on regular savings account [INSIGHT]    However, if the account is closed or if the balance is transferred out before the term ends, it will result in a charge equivalent to 90 days’ tax-free interest based on the current balance at the time. Savers must be 18 or over to open the account, and this can be done online, in the Barclays app, in the branch or over the phone. But while Barclays currently takes the lead of Moneyfacts’ Best Buys’ for one-year cash ISAs, some other accounts in this category closely follow. UBL UK’s 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA is currently offering savers an AER of 3.81 percent, placing just above Virgin Money’s 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA (Issue 546) with an AER of 3.79 percent. READ MORE: Savers face unexpected tax bills as savings rates hit 4.5pc  Savers can open the UBL account with a minimum deposit of £2,000 and interest is paid on maturity of the term. Early withdrawal is permitted, however, it will be subject to a 90 days’ gross interest. The Virgin Money cash ISA requires a £1 minimum opening deposit, interest can be paid away or compounded, and paid yearly on August 5. Withdrawals are permitted but will be subject to a charge equivalent to 60 days' loss of interest on the amount withdrawn. Shawbrook Bank falls just behind Virgin with an AER of 3.78 percent on its One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Bond (Issue 66).  The Shawbrook account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and interest is paid on the anniversary of the account opening. It can be opened and managed online and by phone, and further additions can be made while the issue remains open and transfers in from other Cash ISA or Stocks and Shares ISA providers are also accepted. Earlier access to funds and transfers out to other ISAs are permitted but are subject to a 90-day loss of interest penalty. 