 Pamela Anderson, 55, claims in her new bombshell memoir that she had a series of "bad" boyfriends who "progressively got worse" as she got older. This is the latest in a string of personal revelations that the actress has made in her upcoming bombshell memoir Love, Pamela.  The Baywatch actress has made a string of claims against multiple men in her life, including Hollywood A-listers like Sylvester Stallone and Tim Allen. However, Pamela’s new memoir also delves into the model’s life long before fame came her way, highlighting what she calls the “traumatic moments” of her childhood. One newly revealed incident involved the model’s first “serious boyfriend” in high school. While the pair were traveling in a car, with her boyfriend at the wheel, he began trying to physically kick her out of the vehicle.  She says in the book in quotes obtained by Variety: “He pushed me with his foot so hard, I had no choice but to open the door when the car was moving and rolled straight into a ditch. “Mind you, I landed a perfect gymnast dismount — at high speed.” In a different excerpt, the model recalled the very same boyfriend trying to run her over as she walked down a sidewalk. As Pamela grew up she began to notice a trend in the men she loved: “I noticed most of my boyfriends were bad — and progressively got worse.”     The actress's most notorious relationship is undeniably her whirlwind romance with Motley Crue musician Tommy Lee, 60. Although their tumultuous three-year marriage made headlines around the world, Pamela still recalls it as some of the happiest times of her life. The couple got married in 1995 after just four days of knowing each other and went on to have two children together, Brandon, 26, and  Dylan, 25. Their relationship was never necessarily smooth, it began to crumble in 1996 when they became one of the first celebrity couples to fall victim to a sex tape scandal.  Tommy and Pamela’s private videotapes were stolen from their home and sold on the internet, becoming such a notorious tale that it was documented in the Disney+ series Pam & Tommy. The pair ultimately divorced in 1998 and have tried reuniting multiple times over the years as their relationship seems to follow them. In 2008, Tommy told Rolling Stone that Pamela and their sons were moving in with him, saying: “We’ve only given it a try 800 times — 801, here we go. It’s definitely working.” However, this reunion didn’t even last long enough for the pair to make their relationship public.  The Baywatch actress is releasing both a documentary and her bombshell memoir later this month, taking her fans deep into the star’s private life and early years of fame. The documentary, which is set to be released on Netflix, Pamela, A Love Story, also reportedly features snippets from the actress’ diary and old home videos. Pamela, A Love Story is to be released on Netflix on January 31. Her memoir, Love, Pamela, is also set to be released on January 31.