Alexei Popyrin struggled to hold back tears after upsetting eighth seed Taylor Fritz at the Australian Open. The world No 113 blew a match point in the fourth set but held strong to send the world No 9 packing with a 6-7(4) 7-6(2) 6-4 6-7(6) 6-2 and was full of emotion during his on-court interview as he shared his love for the home crowd. Popyrin pulled off one of the many upsets on day four of the Australian Open as he outlasted the No 8 seed in four hours and two minutes in front of a packed John Cain Arena. The home crowd had been behind their man the whole way and broke out into chants of "Popy" when he finally sealed a five-set victory after Fritz had been able to save a match point in the fourth set. "You guys were just incredible. Oh my god, it's crazy," the 23-year-old told the fans with his voice shaking as he held back tears. "I really couldn't have done it without you guys." Popyrin was also even more emotional after having a tough 2022 season which saw him get just five wins on the ATP Tour all year as he dropped outside of the world's top 100. He continued: "This win means so much to me. I had the toughest year last year, didn't win many matches. I won as many matches this year as I won the whole of last year and it's only January." JUST IN: McEnroe sparks mass outrage for mocking Chinese tennis player's name   The world No 113 did everything he could to get back to his best, adding: "Pre-season I put my head down and worked as hard as I possibly could. I don't want that feeling that I had last year ever again. And that I wrote down to myself in my head and I'm going to keep working, I'm going to keep pushing, I'm going to try and go all the way." With his voice breaking, Popyrin also paid tribute to the crowd as he told them that they were the reason he wanted to keep winning. "I love this feeling and I want more of this feeling, I want you guys to have this feeling more," he told them. "Man, I love you guys so much." DON'T MISSDjokovic told he can't complain about US Covid rules as ban to stayNovak Djokovic fiercely defends himself over Aus Open toilet dramaNadal injury diagnosis confirmed as Spaniard learns comeback timeframe  The former world No 59 has now matched his best-ever Grand Slam showing by reaching the third round, and will be hoping to reach the second week of a Major for the first time in his career when he takes on Ben Shelton in two days' time. And Popyrin will be using the same strategy to prepare for the match after playing a four-hour-and-26-minute epic in the first round on Tuesday. "I'm going to do exactly what I did after the match two days ago, I'm going to probably take a day off to get the body 100 per cent. That's what I did. That's how I managed to play eight hours in four days," he laughed. "Yesterday I didn't touch the racket at all, I did as much recovery as I possibly could. Ice bath, massage, stretching, everything I possibly could do to recover to be as fully fit for this match and I'm going to do the same for the next match."