Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp confirms the reason for Virgil van Dijk substitution after making three changes at half-time in the 3-1 defeat to Brentford. Liverpool had done enough in games against Leicester and Aston Villa but their defensive frailties and lack of quality options to change things up were found out by Brentford on Monday. For the third successive match, Klopp opted for a floating front three of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez. Jordan Henderson's absence due to concussion meant Fabinho slotted back into the starting line-up while Ibrahima Konate returned at the back in place of Joel Matip. Konate's return has been a particular focus for many Liverpool fans after the Frenchman impressed at the World Cup. But both he and Virgil van Dijk were guilty of being sloppy in the opening 45 minutes as Brentford raced to a deserved 2-0 lead. Klopp was clearly unhappy with how the game was going as he made three substitutions at half-time with Van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas and Harvey Elliott all being taken off. And the Liverpool boss confirmed after the match why he brought all three off.  When asked about the half-time substitutions and whether Van Dijk had come off with an injury or for tactical reasons, Klopp said: "Both not. Virgil felt a little bit in the muscle but he's fine and he's a very good judge of this kind of things. "But I didn't want to take any risk. I don't think it's an injury, it's just felt intensity. The other two were tactical. "We had the opportunity to bring Naby, who I think played a really good game and Robbo, who was with the first action after half-time. We needed that speed in behind."  There was a boost in Liverpool's play momentarily at the start of the second half and soon after Nunez's effort was ruled out for offside, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain halved the deficit. But Liverpool failed to step on the gas and push Brentford back even further as Thomas Frank's side continued to threaten on the counter. The hosts eventually secured all three points with a goal that summed up Liverpool's night. Konate appeared favourite to outmuscle Bryan Mbeumo with a long ball over the top, but lost his footing at the wrong moment, allowing the Brentford attacker to slot past Alisson with ease. It leaves Liverpool four points adrift of the Champions League spaces, but Manchester United now have a game in hand to them. They're now closer to the relegation zone than they are Arsenal at the top of the table.