Since Bridgerton season two aired on Netflix in March 2022, fans have been desperate for more. With season three underway there is another Bridgerton story fans cannot wait for that was announced back in May 2021. Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story focuses on the Queen in her younger years, and Netflix has made Bridgerton fans’ 2023 with a first look at Lady Danbury’s character in a new picture. Fans have been given yet another glimpse into the spin-off as Arsema Thomas steps into the role of young Lady Danbury. The photo has given Bridgerton fans a further look into the prequel, allowing them to prepare themselves for what to expect. The snap shows Arsema Thomas in true Bridgerton-era fashion that fans know and love as she dons feathers and jewels in her hair. The first look has left Bridgerton fans wanting more, with many taking to social media to share their excitement. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene An excited @SmirkingMona tweeted: “Beautiful Arsema coming for your soul. Get ready #Bridgerton fans.” Another fan @chaoticguitar shared: “Waking up to the gorgeous reveal of Lady Danbury from Queen Charlotte, Bridgerton Story made the morning.” User @greywinthrop wrote: “It’ll be interesting to see if Lady Danbury is shy and quiet like she told young Simon she used to be in season one.” While user @Laurawaterquake tweeted: “Oh wow, she’s beautiful.” One Bridgerton fan @mntscrz shared: “I’m such a Lady Danbury stan.” Another fan @piscesmoonting tweeted: “She looks gorgeous. At least I can count on great gowns, beautiful gowns. User @raggedy_diam0nd echoed the thoughts as others and wrote: “Aren’t enough words to convey how gorgeous she is.” In September 2022, Netflix released a clip of a young Queen Charlotte and George meeting for the first time, and with the new photo of Lady Danbury, fans are on the edge of their seats. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' newcomer Caleb's an 'undercover cop'  [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist [SPOILERS] The new Netflix series will follow the story of how Queen Charlotte came to be monarch, along with her friendship with Lady Danbury. Agatha finds herself in a marriage with a man much older than her and quickly becomes friends with the soon-to-be Queen Charlotte. Agatha and Charlotte help one another in their roles and Agatha use her expertise in social class to become a guide for Charlotte. A young Lady Violet Bridgerton is also set to be part of the upcoming series. Netflix’s Head of Global TV, Bela Bajaria, said in a statement that the TV show would expand Queen Charlotte’s story when the series was first announced. She explained: “Many viewers had never known the story of Queen Charlotte before Bridgerton brought her to the world, and I’m thrilled this new series will further expand her story.” Although Queen Charlotte is fictionalised in Bridgerton, her character is based on a real monarch and was the royal consort of King George III. Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story is expected to air this year. Seasons one and two of Bridgerton are available to watch on Netflix now.