  Alan Rankine, who was best known for playing keyboard and guitar in the Scottish rock band, sadly died after spending Christmas with his family. The producer’s sons Callum and Hamish took to social media today to announce the death of their father.      In a statement, Callum wrote: "It’s with great sadness that my brother, Hamish, and I announce the passing of our father, Alan Rankine. "He died peacefully at home shortly after spending Christmas with his family. "He was a beautiful, kind and loving man who will be sorely missed," the statement concluded. The family also confirmed the page will remain active to allow people to celebrate the late musician’s life. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     The Associates star made a huge mark on the music world, with fellow musicians and fans paying tribute to the late star. Douglas T Stewart of the band BMX Bandits shared a video tribute, saying: "Very sad news today that Alan Rankine has died. “I first became aware of Alan through The Associates and later got to know him a little. “He looks very beautiful in this clip. Sending love to his family and all who loved him,” he added.     Alan was born in Bridge of Allan, Stirlingshire, before going on to start his career with the cabaret band Caspian. This band then evolved into the Associates, which also included singer Billy Mackenzie, who died in 1997 aged 39. Alan later left the band in 1982, establishing himself as a well-respected producer. He went on to work with big talent, collaborating on albums with artists such as the Cocteau Twins. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [NEWS] Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [NEWS]     The musician also launched his solo career in 1986 and later became a lecturer at Stow College in Glasgow. Alan even helped students set up the Electric Honey record label, which was instrumental in launching the careers of huge bands like Biffy Clyro, Belle & Sebastian and Snow Patrol. Tributes have been flooding in for the late star on social media today. Broadcaster Vic Galloway wrote: “Unbelievably sad news... Alan Rankine RIP.”       Duncan Stone penned: “Awful news. But what a legacy! 'Party Fears Two' was the first track that I ever recall getting that 'hairs on the back of the neck' feeling from. Jake Rudh tweeted: “RIP #AlanRankine - musician, producer and lecturer best known as the co-founder of Scottish post-punk/new wave band The Associates with Billy Mackenzie.” (sic) Gayle Anderson posted a picture of Alan and Billy together with the caption: “RIP #alanrankine. A man who could not only write perfect pop tunes but could also bring the best out of  the magnificent maverick talent that was #billymackenzie.” (sic) While Alex Kapranos added: “Sad to hear Alan Rankine has died. Such a great contribution to Scottish music.”   