Chelsea winger Mykhaylo Mudryk will reportedly be earning three times less than his new team-mate Raheem Sterling at Stamford Bridge. The Blues confirmed the signing of the Ukraine international from Shakhtar Donetsk on Sunday after hijacking Arsenal’s pursuit of him. Mudryk had been in scintillating form for Shakhtar during the first half of the campaign as he bagged 10 goals and eight assists in 18 appearances for the club. And the winger looked set for a move to the Emirates Stadium after Arsenal put in three bids for him. But Chelsea stumped up £88million to turn Shakhtar’s heads as Mudryk ultimately put pen-to-paper on a seven-and-a-half year deal at Stamford Bridge. With Chelsea struggling for form in recent months, Mudryk is likely to be thrust into Graham Potter’s starting team sooner rather than later. And the west London giants will be looking for him to wreak havoc in opposition defences and help his new side climb the Premier League table. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    But, according to The Athletic, Mudryk will only be earning around £97,000 per week at Chelsea. To put that in perspective, academy graduates Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Callum Hudson-Odoi are on £150k and £120k respectively. And those players can’t even command a regular starting place, with the latter currently on a season-long loan at Bayer Leverkusen. Arsenal had been speaking with Mudryk since October, with the player posting a series of transfer hints about joining the Gunners on his Instagram page earlier this month. And the north Londoners were willing to offer the 22-year-old within £10k per week of what he is earning at Chelsea. But Mudryk clearly felt a move to Stamford Bridge was in his best interests. DON'T MISSMan Utd set for bidding war as Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptNewcastle 'really love' Maddison and draw up plans to 'attack' transfer againMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut plan   Mudryk could be handed his Chelsea debut on Saturday when his new side travel to Liverpool in the Premier League. And he will be under pressure to perform from the off as the Blues attempt to close the gap on the teams above them. Graham Potter’s side are currently 10th in the top-flight table after winning just eight of their 19 matches. And they are 10 points outside of the top four places, which means they face an uphill task to qualify for next season’s Champions League. But Potter will be confident of picking up the points in the coming weeks as his side are set to host Fulham and Southampton next month either side of a trip to West Ham. And the Blues could yet taste European success this season, with a Champions League last 16 showdown with Borussia Dortmund to look forward to. 