In first-look images from Sunday's episode of Happy Valley, killer Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) undergoes a transformation as he gets rid of his long locks and beard ahead of his court appearance in Leeds. The villain is optimistic his trial will have a positive outcome as he tries to build a relationship with his son, Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah). During last weekend's instalment of the BBC drama, Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) finally exposed her sister, Clare (Siobhan Finneran), for betraying her. The sergeant discovered her grandson had been secretly visiting his killer dad in prison. To make matters worse, it emerged Clare and Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neil) had been taking Ryan to see Tommy. In the end, Catherine emotionally gave Ryan an ultimatum and said he couldn't live with her if he wanted to continue seeing Tommy. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Meanwhile, during Ryan's latest prison visit, his dad seemed positive as he spoke about their future. However, the teenager questioned Tommy as he knew it's unlikely he will be released due to the nature of his crimes. Tommy even pressured Ryan to skip school so he could see him during his court appearance in Leeds. "Hey you know I am going to be in Leeds?" Tommy told Ryan. "This Tuesday." As he smirked, Tommy continued: "I pleaded guilty to this thing. I didn't do anything but I was there, so. "Anyway, I'll be in court in Leeds. You should come and see me if you like." "Can we?" Ryan asked Neil who replied: "Yeah." "It's Tuesday, I'll be in school," Ryan pointed out as Tommy asked: "See if you can get a day off then, eh? DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [VIDEO]Ken Bruce quit Radio 2 'over fears he was too old' [INSIGHT]Vera fans distracted by Holby City star’s appearance  [REACTION] "Hey, stick up for yourself with this Hepworth. He sounds like a d***." Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their theories about what will happen next. Many seem to think Tommy will try and escape prison when he is transferred to court. Andrew McBride wrote: "Hear me out….. when Tommy goes to court he’s gonna ESCAPE! That’s the only way he & Catherine would ever come face to face... #HappyValley." (sic) Charlotte theorised: "I’ve been listening to #ObsessedwithHappyValley podcast & rewatching the 1st 3 eps of series 3. "Who thinks Tommy has set this whole thing up (being charged with murder) so he can go 2 court, escape & take/kidnap Ryan? Spanish lessons? Bungee jumping?" (sic) "I think next week Tommy is going to escape from court, that is why he wants Ryan there and why his learning Spanish," Karen Wilson added. While @chazza_dee predicted: "Tommy is learning Spanish bc he’s gonna escape the court in Leeds and take Ryan to Spain and kill Catherine omg #HappyValley." "Tommy will escape and Catherine will kill him and herself #HappyValley," Katie Turner claimed. Kate tweeted: "OMG, is Tommy Lee Royce growing his hair to look more like Neil? He’s using Ryan for an escape attempt! #HappyValley." Happy Valley returns on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.