As it stands, King Charles is the UK monarch and Camilla the Queen Consort. However, according to astrologer Jessica Adams, "Charles and Camilla will not rule". She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the alleged impending royal chaos. King Charles' coronation date is currently set as May 6, 2023, however the astrologer has predicted that plans may go awry. Jessica previously told Express.co.uk to "expect a date change or cancellation". The coronation date was "announced on Mercury Retrograde and is set for Mercury Retrograde". Mercury is in retrograde when it appears to go backwards in its orbit, and it will occur from April 21 to May 14, 2023. READ MORE: Charles in for 'difficult' 2023 as Camilla's life 'transforms' - claim According to astrologer Emily Ridout, as reported by Readers' Digest, Mercury Retrograde can cause complications around communication and travel, and it's a time meant for reflection rather than action. Jessica Adams also previously told Express.co.uk that the coronation is due to be on a Full Moon, which is "far from auspicious - if it ever comes to pass at all". Jessica also noted that the proposed date falls on Harry and Meghan's son, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor's, fourth birthday. The astrologer's most recent predictions to Express.co.uk were as follows: "Even though monarchs have turned to astrologers for advice in the past (Dr John Dee and Elizabeth I, Charles II and William Lilly, Princess Diana, Debbie Frank and Penny Thornton) – it seems Charles has not. "He has chosen one of the most inauspicious horoscope dates of 2023 for his proposed investiture." She claimed: "The Church of England will undergo a crisis and Charles and Camilla will not rule." She referenced comments by Anthony Holden, a writer who has written/reworked three biographies of King Charles. In a letter to The Guardian, he wrote: "The Church of England has never before crowned a divorced man as king, and therefore its supreme governor, let alone one who has publicly confessed to adultery – with the relevant woman, also a divorcee, sitting beside him expecting to be crowned Queen Consort. READ MORE: Kate is a 'far better fit' for Queen than Camilla - claim "The late Robert Runcie, when the archbishop of Canterbury, told me that this would require a revision of the coronation oath, which in turn would require a new statute of parliament. "Given the convention that parliament does not debate the monarchy without the monarch’s consent – it is his or her Government, after all, not ours – this would require the Prime Minister of the day to seek King Charles III’s permission to debate whether or not it felt able to crown him. "This, Runcie told me, would amount to a constitutional crisis. It seems hard to disagree." Jessica stated: "Anthony Holden is correct when he states that the Anglican church has never crowned a divorced man as king, let alone one who has confessed to adultery – and nor has a woman participating in adultery become Queen." And according to the astrologer, more will come to light about the royal trio of Charles, Camilla and Diana. Jessica claimed: "The people of the Commonwealth and the United Kingdom, as well as Parliament, will be drawn into the crisis following new revelations about Charles, Diana and Camilla. "The coronation is set for May 2023 but will not go as planned, something Harry has hinted at in publicity for Spare." Jessica Adams is the author of Modern Astrology 2050.