If you’re struggling to remove sticky residue from surfaces in your home after Christmas, it’s likely you’re not alone. After weeks of tinsel, lights, baubles and more, it’s likely homes are covered in sticky residue from tape and other adhesives. Removing tape and adhesives can cause extensive damage to property such as chipped paintwork, marks on windows, damaged woodwork and even stains. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solutions for removing sticky residue from surfaces. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Mum fixes condensation that left windows 'like a water park' with £30 On one such group, Facebook user Marilyn Patrick posted: “Hi everyone, can anyone tell me how to get sticky residue off wardrobes from stickers? Thank you.” The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested solution was to Suzanne Stead said: “Baby oil. Leave to soak for a little while and rub away.” Georgina Bradshaw commented: “Dab it with baby oil, leave until soaked in and scrape off with a plastic scraper and it should come right off. DON'T MISS‘Very invasive’ and ‘aggressive’ plants to avoid - ‘stay far away’ [INSIGHT]Houseplant experts on how to water orchids - avoid ice cube method [UPDATE]‘Holy grail’ window cleaning method to achieve ‘streak-free’ finish [ANALYSIS] “Wash off any oil left behind with lukewarm water with a little bit of washing up liquid and dry thoroughly. “This also works for wood floors/paint work and metal work. Don't use it on painted walls or wallpaper.” Jackie M Notton agreed with the previous comments and said: “Baby oil.” Oils, including cooking oils and products that contain oils like mayonnaise and peanut butter, soak into the adhesive and make it easier to remove from the surface. READ MORE: Two simple products to 'deep clean your mattress' twice a year Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Baby oil can be bought in most local supermarkets or online. Johnson's Baby Oil costs £1.32 from Superdrug for 300ml. Johnson's Baby Oil costs £1.89 from Savers for 500ml. ASDA Little Angels Baby Oil costs £1.50. Boots Baby Oil costs £1.59 for 300ml. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using WD40, mayonnaise, nail polish remover, tin polish, hand sanitiser and sticky stuff remover. Michelle Evans said: “WD40 works every time.” Bron Kozakiewicz agreed and wrote: “WD40 or nail varnish remover.” Paula Cushnan suggested: “Believe it or not? Mayonnaise.” Tray James commented: “Sanitiser.” Meanwhile, Angela Maria said: “Hair conditioner.” Pamela May replied: “Spray tin polish, rub it with fingers then use dry cloth to take it off.” Sandy Davies commented: “Sticky stuff remover from Lakeland. You can buy it online.” Carole Rayment agreed and wrote: “Yes, sticky stuff remover is great stuff.”