Ex-Arsenal star Malcolm Macdonald believes that his former side should have taken action against manager Mikel Arteta following his behaviour against Newcastle earlier this week during their 0-0 draw. The Spaniard was enraged late on after he felt his side should have been awarded a penalty. In a heated contest, Granit Xhaka broke free down the left and managed to deliver a cross in the 95th minute, but the effort was blocked by Magpies star Jacob Murphy. The midfielder had slid in to intercept, with the ball striking his arm – though referee Andrew Madley waved away the appeals. He felt that Murphy’s arm was in a natural position, and VAR agreed. The decision enraged the Arsenal stars, who flocked around Madley to voice their opinions, with Arteta parading up and down the touchline in an attempt to convince the officials. The former midfielder’s behaviour came under fire after the full-time whistle sounded, with many speaking out about how it fell below what is expected of a manager. Macdonald, who spent time at Newcastle prior to his move to north London, was equally unhappy with Arteta’s conduct, telling the Mirror: “I thought Mikel Arteta looked quite pathetic in the way he was carrying on. “If I were a member of the Arsenal board I would have hauled him in and really taken a strip off him for behaving in that fashion. That is not the Arsenal way of doing things. “Having played there I know that only too well. I know the ownership has gone very American these days but nevertheless, there is still this tradition and standards which need to be upheld. “I thought that Arteta went way beyond the pale. Eddie Howe, the Newcastle manager, is absolutely right in saying that players want to see a manager who is cool and calm and who is in control of the situation. The Arsenal players in seeing Arteta’s antics will feel it’s alright to go chasing the referee. They are just following suit.” Arteta felt that Madley’s decision not to point to the spot was ‘scandalous’, and also highlighted that he believed his side should have been awarded a penalty earlier in the match after Dan Burn pulled Gabriel to the ground as he attempted to latch on to a set-piece. He has not been disciplined by the FA to date for his touchline antics or post-match interviews, though they did announce that the club were being charged with failing to control their players.