The Government is increasingly looking for new ways to move people into using more energy efficient technologies to heat their homes. Currently, a wide range of funding is available for those looking to transition into green alternatives to gas boilers. A recent report by MPs, commissioned by former Prime Minister Liz Truss, is calling to ban gas boilers within the next ten years to push the UK into adopting a net zero agenda. However, the same report also acknowledged upgrading boilers to technologies, such as heat pumps, could cause energy bills to rise by anywhere between £4,000 to £6,000 by 2040. On top of this, the report said nearly 500,000 may not have enough savings to adopt green alternatives to gas boilers unless the Government issues more support. The committee to address climate change found that transitioning a new home into having the highest energy efficiency standards and replacing its gas boiler with a heat pump may cost an average household £26,000. At present, heat pumps cost roughly the same to run as a gas boiler but they may become more expensive as gas prices drop. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Extra funding for households looking to introduce heat pump technology into their home is available thanks to the Boiler Upgrade Scheme. The Boiler Upgrade Scheme awards grants to households and businesses to help cover the installation costs of setting up a heat pump or biomass boiler. A list of the funding people can apply for to install heat pumps or green gas boiler replacement into their home is as follows: As it stands, it is not possible to get a grant for a hybrid heat pump system, which can include a combination of gas boiler and air source heat pump. Despite this, the £5,000 to £6,000 in installation help does not cover the price of the likely energy bill hike which would come from scrapping the gas boiler. Myles Robinson, an energy expert from Boiler Central, shared what other energy efficient technologies families should consider to help save the environment, while reducing their costs in the long-term. He explained: “Hydrogen-ready combi boilers are hands-down the cheapest green alternative to a conventional boiler. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly “Most newer models are manufactured to be hydrogen-ready up to 20 percent so that, once there is a switch in fuel source in the UK, they can be modified to run on 100 percent hydrogen. “Interestingly, over the past two years, several gas supply trials have been carried out in closed communities, which concluded that adding up to 20 percent hydrogen into the public gas supply would essentially have no effect on how people use their current gas appliances, such as cookers and boilers.” On top of this, the boiler expert encouraged households to look into the ERP rating of whatever technology they choose. Standing for ‘energy-related products’, ERP is a regulatory rating designed to incentivize improvements in the efficiency and performance of heating and hot water products. Boilers are given a rating between A to G, with the former being the best possible grade and the latter being the worst. A boiler with a G rating is only 60 to 70 percent efficient which means up to 40 percent of the energy goes to waste. Mr Robinson added: “That is a huge amount, especially with the new energy prices. Switching from a G-rated boiler to an A-rated one can save households around £1,160 a year. “With many finance options in place, making the switch becomes realistic and affordable, not to mention much better for the environment.”