On New Year's Day, Kaleidoscope premiered on Netflix and provided viewers with a unique experience as it randomised the episodes. However many were left distracted by a glaring blunder during the episode, Green. Kaleidoscope formerly known as Jigsaw took fans by storm as the uniquely created show quickly landed in Netflix’s top 10 list. The show is the onscreen adaption of a true story which saw a group of criminals work together to gain access to a vault which contained $70 billion in bonds. Although Kaleidoscope was loosely based on the incident, the event took place during Hurricane Sandy in downtown New York. Despite the gripping storyline, one major mistake left fans distracted causing the accuracy error to go viral. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams  During the episode Green, explosive expert Judy Goodwin (played by Rosaline Elbay) attempted to smuggle a SIM card into prison for her boyfriend Stan Loomis (Peter Mark Kendall). However, she was caught by a prison guard and tried to bribe him with highly desired One Direction tickets. But there was a major flaw as eagle-eyed viewers spotted a huge error with the tickets.     One Direction fans were quick to notice the tickets were dated March 6, 2016. This was a huge blunder as the concert was scheduled for six months after the pop band announced their hiatus. After spotting the mistake, viewers quickly took to social media to expose the error which ultimately became viral. @@hslomlot tweeted: “The one direction cameo in Kaleidoscope, real ones know what’s wrong with the date.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [INSIGHT]Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [INSIGHT]The best order to watch Kaleidoscope on Netflix explained [EXPLAINER]   @jackiescinema added: “Watching Kaleidoscope and one of the first things they show is a ticket to one direction concert at msg in 2016???” A third fan @Matildarryhs3 wrote: “THE FACT THAT 1D WENT ON HIATUS IN 2015 AND WEREN'T EVEN TOGETHER IN 2016!!??? ALSO THEY PLAYED MSG ONLY ONCE IN 2012 WTF IT HURTS BEING A DIRECTIONER.” @shakethissoon shared: “One direction still being together in the year 2016 and playing msg in kaleidoscope was so funny.”  Although the majority of the ‘Directioners’ were quick to slam Kaleidoscope for the blunder other fans saw the funny side of the tickets being offered. @missyoutbsl noted: “The One Direction tickets in kaleidoscope pls, I would’ve let her in too if I got them.” While @superslxcumb questioned: “Everyone thinks they messed up in kaleidoscope with the One Direction ticket but what if it was intentional, who’s to say she didn’t screw over the guard on purpose.” Either way, the tickets did the trick as the guard was swayed and Judy was able to gain entrance.  Kaleidoscope is available to stream on Netflix 