On Thursday’s instalment of BBC’s The One Show, hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating welcomed Jane McDonald and singer George Ezra onto the show. During their interview with the travel show host, she confessed which item she always holidays with. Appearing on The One Show sofa to speak about her upcoming series Holidaying with Jane McDonald, the 59-year-old told BBC viewers what they can expect to see.Travelling around Mexico and then Cyprus, Jane told Alex and Ronan she’s done many exciting things while filming such as letting little turtles back into the wild.Throughout the years, the Channel 5 presenter has ventured to many different countries to explore their way of life as she gets stuck into the culture while she’s there.During their interview, Roman asked Jane if there was anything that she always takes on her holidays. READ MORE:James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession She replied: “I take my Yorkshire tea bags! Other tea bags are available, and a kettle.”Shocked by her response, Alex questioned if she takes an actual kettle when she goes away as they usually have them in places already.Responding, Jane said: “Not in America they don’t you know.“They’ve got a lot of coffee machines, they don’t want you to have a kettle in your room. “They want you to come out and buy it, you see I’m tight, I’m from Yorkshire.“So I like to take my kettle and even my mug because they all give you these little cups, what’s all that about?!”Joking, Alex commented: “You’ve got to have your kitchen in your suitcase Jane!”Elsewhere in the interview, fans got to see a snippet of what to expect from her show which dropped at the start of the year. DON'T MISS... Dancing On Ice’s Ekin-Su details ‘supportive’ gestures from Davide [INSIGHT] Dancing On Ice star left with concussion after ‘serious fall' [DANCING ON ICE] Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] Showing a clip from the moment Jane released turtles into the wild, which she mentioned previously, viewers watched as she became slightly teary.Holding a cup containing two of the sea creatures, she revealed that their names were Ed and Jean, after her late mother and partner.Speaking about the touching moment, Jane told them both that she recently lost them both close together.Starting to get emotional, she composed herself as she said: “Sorry my throat went there. It does when I talk about them, I just thought, ‘this is new life’ this is new life go out!“You’ve just got to think, at the end of something comes something beautiful in new life and that’s what we all have to remember.“So it was quite an emotional bit for me. They all got down to the ocean so I was so pleased to see them go.”Holidaying with Jane McDonald is available to watch on My5.The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One from 7pm.