Alisson has been compared to David de Gea by football fans after his error gifted Wolves an easy goal in Liverpool's third-round FA Cup match. The Brazilian inexplicably passed the ball straight to Goncalo Guedes under no pressure giving the Portuguese star the perfect chance to open the scoring. Alisson looked to be in complete control of the situation after receiving the ball from a Thiago challenge before gifting the opposition with an easy goal. His mistake instantly drew parallels on Twitter to the actions of De Gea for United against Everton on Friday night. The Spaniard somehow allowed a weak cross from Neal Maupay to trickle through his legs giving a grateful Conor Coady an opportunity to tap in from around a yard out. @chinawhite1000 wrote: "Yesterday David De Gea makes an absolute howler to give Everton a goal. Alisson goes 'Hold my beer'." While @Football__Tweet commented: "Alisson went full David de Gea." United fans appeared to relish the opportunity to noise up their rivals with @UTDSmith_ writing: "Hey Alisson, thanks for taking all the attention off De Gea," while @UTDTrey added "They were laughing at De Gea yesterday, what was that from Alisson." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Others suggested it showed the quality of modern goalkeeping with @Patron_MUFC writing: "Alisson saw De Gea and thought let’s show fans what playing out from the back as a modern keeper really looks like." De Gea left both fans and pundits in disbelief with his mistake against Everton with Roy Keane naturally among his harshest critics. "It's a shocking mistake from an international goalkeeper," he told ITV at half-time. "De Gea there is like Carry On football. He looks like he's had a few drinks. It's a shocking mistake. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileMan Utd 'submit loan bid for Vincent Aboubakar' with striker to pick between two proposalsMan Utd working on second January signing after completing Jack Butland loan transfer  "It's almost like a 'keeper has been sent off and an outfield player has gone in goal and he doesn't know what to do. It's a horrendous mistake." Alisson was bailed out by his teammates on the stroke of half-time with Trent Alexander-Arnold and Darwin Nunez linking up brilliantly to level the scoring. The FA Cup is likely to be the Reds' only chance of domestic silverware this season after being knocked out of the League Cup and failing to show any kind of consistency in the Premier League. 