The winter months often pose a significant threat to heating and water systems, as extreme cold can lead to plumbing disasters. As temperatures across the UK plummet, it’s important to know: When do pipes freeze and how can you keep it from happening? According to Toolstation, insufficiently insulated condensate pipes are likely to freeze up and cause boilers to stop working. Talking to Toolstation, Lorenzo Giove, heating engineer at Seven Heating, explained just how widespread the issue can become. He said: “During the cold weather in December, I was called and texted nearly 100 times by customers with the same issue - frozen condensate pipes. “The condensate pipe is the external pipe which carries acidic water waste from the boiler out of the house to an external drain. When it becomes blocked with ice, your boiler stops working.” Pipes are likely to have some water in them, even if your taps aren’t turned on. When temperatures drop, the water within exposed or uninsulated pipework is susceptible to freezing. This could leave you without running water. Pipes are at risk of freezing when temperatures drop below zero degrees. Frozen water in the pipes may also lead to boiler damage, cracked or burst pipes, and substantial leaks. READ MORE: Frozen pipes results in ‘hefty bill upwards of £300’ - how to avoid Damage caused by these can be incredibly costly to put right. In fact, the average cost of remedying the impact of burst pipes in domestic properties was £9,300, according to 2021 statistics from the Association of British Insurers. Lorenzo explained that it is best to prevent pipes from freezing rather than trying to fix them. He said: “In the first instance, the easiest way to prevent a frozen condensate pipe is to lag the pipe. “It’s a cheap and easy way of preventing issues when the weather really starts to bite. With particularly cold weather expected this week, I’d recommend doing this as soon as possible.” Lagging simply means wrapping the water pipes in insulation to help avoid freezing. The expert continued: “Pipe insulation can be purchased for less than £1. DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [COMMENT] Ivy is ‘extremely invasive’ - ‘effective’ method to kill ivy ‘quickly’ [EXPERT]‘Essential’ factor for orchids to flower - avoids failed blooming [TIPS] “A metre length of our most affordable insulation wrap costs just 99p and its thick foam cuts heat loss by up to 70 percent, protecting against frost and freezing pipes. “All you need to do is wrap some insulation around the pipe. You may like to use cable ties to ensure it’s fastened on tightly.” Insulation wrap is also available from other brands. If it’s too late though, a kettle should be all you need. Lorenzo explained: “Generally speaking, a boiler will flash up a fault code if the condensate pipe has frozen and caused an issue. “Head outside and locate the waste pipe coming from the exterior wall. Cover the pipe in something like a tea towel and pour over several rounds of boiling water. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to keep your home warm without central heating “The towels will help retain the heat from the hot water and you will start to hear the cracking of the ice. Hopefully, all being well, it will get things moving and working again. Hot water did the trick for most people who contacted me when it was cold in December.” In the instance of a burst pipe, once households have turned off the water supply, they should seek the assistance of a plumbing professional. Do not touch electrics if these have been affected by water and turn them off via the fuse box /consumer unit box. There is also a higher risk of boiler damage if the boiler (or other heat sources) is kept alight, so make sure to switch off electric immersion heaters etc. When water freezes it expands and puts pressure on whatever is containing it. In this case, frozen water may cause the pipes to split or crack. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In some instances frozen pipes do not always burst, particularly if the expanding ice can push water out through an open tap. However, pipes freeze rapidly so the time between freezing and bursting can be very short. If households do experience a burst pipe, it means the structural integrity of the pipe is lacking. Therefore, when the ice in the pipes thaws it is likely to leak through the cracks or splits. According to Kevin Wellman, CEO ay the Chartered Institute of Plumbing and Heating Engineering, the “main sign” of burst pipes are puddles or damp patches. He noted: “Small puddles could simply be a leak, whereas large pools of water in multiple areas usually indicates a burst pipe and possibly noisy from the pressure loss. “Leaks, puddles or flooding caused by burst pipes could lead to serious structural or electrical damage in your home. Unless they are remedied, leaks can also create breeding grounds for mould and mildew which can be a health risk.”