Extinction Rebellion have stated in their New Year's message that they plan to cease their civil disruption tactics after conceding that "very little has changed" since they began four years ago. They said the move was temporary but that in the meantime they would be adopting a method of mass lawful protesting. However Just Stop Oil said in their New Year's message that although its strategy "would not be acceptable under normal circumstances" they have "no choice" in the face of the dangers posed by climate change. Extinction Rebellion pointed out that despite their actions, emissions have continued to rise, and is now changing track by asking 100,000 people to surround Parliament on April 21. It is hoped this mass stand will force the Government to take more serious action against the climate crisis. The group said: "As we ring in the new year, we make a controversial resolution to temporarily shift away from public disruption as a primary tactic.  "We recognise and celebrate the power of disruption to raise the alarm and believe that constantly evolving tactics is a necessary approach. "What’s needed now most is to disrupt the abuse of power and imbalance, to bring about a transition to a fair society that works together to end the fossil fuel era. "Our politicians, addicted to greed and bloated on profits, won’t do it without pressure. "We must be radical in our response to this crisis and determined in our efforts to address the climate and ecological emergency, even if it means taking a different approach than before."  READ MORE: Just Stop Oil activists target Harrods and tuck into beds When addressing their plans to surround Westminster this spring they added: "Surrounding the Houses of Parliament day after day in large numbers means we can leave the locks, glue and paint behind and instead demonstrate faith in a critical mass of people to create a moment that’s impossible to ignore." Just Stop Oil, however, have said they will continue their illegal activities blocking roads and motorways, and called in police officers to "defect" to avoid being "complicit in genocide". Almost 140 Just Stop Oil members were jailed or remanded during 2022, yet they addressed the police and judiciary in their message, saying: "You don’t have to arrest brave students and pensioners. You don’t have to lock up these courageous, skilled, loving members of society.  DON'T MISS:Starmer election blow as report suggests weaker Labour lead [LATEST]Putin nightmare as hospital treats 350 Russian soldiers  [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan Markle 'set to release her own memoir' in fresh onslaught [UPDATES] "If you make that terrible choice, you are complicit in signing the death sentences of billions of people in the years to come. "You are allowing the breakdown of law and order on your watch. You will be complicit in genocide. "In 2023, defection and resistance … are the only moral course of action for police and judiciary to take. "The actions Just Stop Oil supporters take would not be acceptable under normal circumstances, but right now, ordinary people are left with no choice." 