After divorcing Priscilla, Elvis Presley’s next major lover was former Miss Tennessee model Linda Thompson. The 22-year-old lived with The King at Graceland from 1972-76 and claims to have saved his life on a number of occasions. When Baz Luhrmann’s biopic was released last year, some fans were furious that her relationship with the singer – alongside final girlfriend Ginger Alden – weren’t included in the film. The Elvis movie manages to skip over the last three years of The King’s life short 42 years with only Linda featuring in a split second of archive footage. Nevertheless, the 72-year-old regularly pays tribute to her intimate time with the star on social media, sharing pictures of their life together. Today marks what would have been the singer’s 88th birthday with celebrations taking place at Graceland, including a rare appearance from his daughter Lisa Marie. To celebrate her old flame, Linda posted some sweet couple snaps of herself with Elvis and pointed out the significance of him turning 88. Linda wrote on Instagram: “There have been many celebrated individuals throughout history, but none more enduringly famous than the iconic legend that was Elvis. January 8th would have been Elvis‘s 88th birthday! There are 88 keys on the piano…& something tells me they are all playing for Elvis in heaven today. That I got to share years of living with & sharing love with this man will always feel like a fairytale to me. I am so grateful for the rarefied memories I hold dear. Happy Heavenly Birthday Buntin!” Around the Elvis movie’s release, Linda wrote on social media: “No, I haven’t seen it yet. The trailer looks very entertaining and Austin Butler appears to do a fantastic depiction. BUT since so many people are left out who were very important and instrumental in Elvis’ life – I wouldn’t call it a biopic. I spent four years and a half years of my life living with and deeply caring for Elvis on many levels. I shared a hospital room with him every time he was in hospital. I had my own bed next to his during those times. I travelled on every tour with him. I was the only woman to ever do so in this life. I was at every Las Vegas engagement during those years. I literally saved his life on several occasions.” READ MORE: Elvis ate the same meal every day for six months, Priscilla claims Linda broke up amicably with Elvis in December 1976 as she wanted to have a more normal life out of the celebrity spotlight. He died of a heart attack eight months later on August 16, 1977. She added: “We stayed in touch and loved each other until the day he died – even though we had broken up and I had moved out of Graceland only eight months before. So any inclusion or exclusion in any movie ever made can never erase the important role I played in his life and he in mine. But every true fan already knows that. Thank you all for your loyalty."