Cristiano Ronaldo has finally found a new club after leaving Manchester United in November. The Portugal forward had his contract terminated following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan. Ronaldo has headed out to Saudi Arabia after signing for Al-Nassr. But if Todd Boehly hadn’t bought Chelsea, the blockbuster star could well have ended up at Stamford Bridge.  Ronaldo has enjoyed an illustrious career at the top of the game and has racked up goal after goal wherever he has played. During his first stint at Old Trafford, he won three Premier League titles, the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the Ballon d’Or. And at Real Madrid he bagged another four Champions Leagues, three Club World Cups, two La Liga titles and four Ballon d’Ors. He signed for United for a second time in August 2021 after leaving Juventus but proved to be a divisive figure as the Red Devils struggled on the pitch under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick last season. The 37-year-old pushed for a move away from Old Trafford in the summer but eventually stayed put before ending his time with the club months later. Chelsea were taken over by Boehly at the end of May after Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich had been forced to put the club on the market in light of his country’s invasion of Ukraine. In March, the Blues received a bid from the Saudi Research and Media Group, who were keen to buy the club for £2.7billion. READ MORE: Man Utd axe Marcus Rashford for 'disciplinary reasons'    The group is run by Abdulelah Alkhereiji, who was key to driving Ronaldo’s move to Al-Nassr, according to CBS Sports Golazo. Alkhereiji is clearly a big fan of Ronaldo and could have therefore overseen a pursuit of the ace if he had been successful in his efforts to buy the Blues. Ronaldo completed his move to Saudi Arabia on Friday after putting pen-to-paper on a two-and-a-half year deal with his new employers. And he is set to pocket a whopping £173million a year. DON'T MISSWenger claims Arsenal have the new Fabregas - 'I am super impressed'Saliba shares same view on signing new Arsenal contract as 'several team-mates'Chelsea's scary XI next season with Fernandez, Nkunku and two more   Ronaldo will therefore be back in club action soon. And after securing the move, the star said: “I’m thrilled for new experience in a different league and a different country. The vision that Al-Nassr has is very inspiring. I am very excited to join my team-mates, to help the team to achieve more success.” And Al-Nassr added: “History in the making. This is a signing that will not only inspire our club to achieve even greater success but inspire our league, our nation and future generations, boys and girls to be the best version of themselves. Welcome @Cristiano to your new home.” 