WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us Episode three of The Last of Us is titled Long, Long Time and will see Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal) continuing on their journey after tragedy struck recently. Joel will become even more withdrawn into himself and try to keep himself emotionally detached for the teenager he’s transporting across post-pandemic north America, going so far as to call her “cargo”. In Long, Long Time, viewers will meet Bill and Frank, who were previously name-checked by slain survivor Tess (Anna Torv). The characters appear in the original The Last of Us video game and now have been incorporated into the TV series. In the game, they worked with smugglers Joel and Tess to get goods in and out of the Boston QZ. HBO teased their arrival with a preview clip of the forthcoming episode featuring the two characters meeting for the first time. Here’s the lowdown on the actors behind Bill and Frank and where you may recognise them from. Nick Offerman takes on the part of grizzled and wary survivalist Bill, who is suspicious when Frank first stumbles across his land. Offerman is both a prolific voice actor as well as doing live-action with his biggest role in the American sitcom Parks and Recreation. He has also starred in The Founder, 21 Jump Street, We Are the Millers and Fargo. More recently, he’s appeared in The Resort, A League of Their Own on Amazon Prime Video, Devs, Pam and Tommy and Colin in Black and White. He’s also lent his voice to characters in The Great North, Sing 2 and 3Below: Tales of Arcadia. Some of his upcoming projects include Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning - Part Two, Dumb Money, Candy Cane Lane and Butterfly in the Typewriter. Speaking about being part of The Last of Us, Offerman said: “The fact that he sent the script to me and I got to do it with Murray Bartlett was pretty astonishing.” Adding, he found working on the show incredible and described The Last of Us as a “prestige series”. Frank is played by Australian actor Murray Bartlett, who has appeared in a number of films and TV shows including HBO’s comedy-drama Looking. He’s also starred in the critically-acclaimed LGBT+ series Tales of the City, Emmy-winning series The White Lotus, Netflix’s Marvel series Iron First and Physical. Most recently, Bartlett starred in the Disney Plus series Welcome to the Chippendales as antagonist Nick De Noia. Bartlett hasn’t played The Last of Us video game but he did research the role and praised it for being “incredibly cinematic” and went on a “deep dive” when preparing for the character. Teasing his upcoming appearance in The Last of Us, Bartlett said: “The scripts that I had to work with, one particular script is one of the best hours of television I've ever read. It's beautiful. It's beautifully written. “There are these zombie creatures in it, but it's tender and it's human. I think it's gonna be really special. “I haven't seen any of it yet, but I'm really proud of the work we did and I think it could be really, really wonderful. It will be really wonderful.” Bartlett will next be starring in the TV series Extrapolations, which is in production according to IMDb. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max in America on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK on Mondays at 2am and 9pm