On Tuesday’s instalment of Loose Women, the women were speaking about the loud sounds made by the contestants on Love Island when they kiss. Putting it to the test themselves, they were given the mission to record themselves having a smooch, although Ruth detailed the reason she failed. During the ITV show, panellists Ruth Lngsford, Jent Street-Porter, Katie Piper and Frankie Bridge were all discussing the latest episode of the reality dating series Love Island.Over the weekend, viewers saw islanders Tom and Zara couple up and enjoy a romantic smooch together.However, with the mics placed close to their mouths, viewers were left less than impressed with the noises which could be heard.After playing the clip, the hosts discussed the topic of loud kisses on Loose Women as many were left disgusted by the slurping noises. READ MORE:Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Frankie Bridge was cringing as the noises played although her co-star Katie seemed nonchalant as she confessed a kiss requires moisture, hence the sounds.Introducing the segment on the show, Ruth informed viewers the four panellists were given a task by their bosses.She said: “We were asked to do a challenge, to kiss our partners and record it. So you (Frankie) failed.”Defending why she didn’t complete the task, Frankie confessed: “I couldn’t bear it Ruth, I did say that I would do it and obviously Wayne was up for the challenge. “But, when it came to it, I don’t want the sound of me kissing on TV or anyone else to hear it!”Ruth then detailed how she got the message from their producer asking her to also do the same.She said: “I was like, ‘Yeah all right’ I went in and Eamonn was asleep.“I was like, I’m not going to wake him up for that, bless him I’m not going to wake him up for that.” DON'T MISS... Jason Watkins pays tribute to 'fantastic' The Catch co-star [INSIGHT] Prince Andrew ‘forced by Palace' to pay settlement claims ex partner [ROYAL] Happy Valley’s James Norton details leg injury from Tommy Lee stunt [VIDEO] However, it was Katie who was the only person on the panel to successfully do what was asked.The Loose Women star told the live audience that she secretly filmed her husband Richie without him being aware.She said: “He doesn’t know, he still doesn’t know. He’s going to find out now! But I did it at six o’clock this morning.”The ITV show then played an audio clip of Katie having a smooch with her husband as her co-star Frankie cringed at the sound. When it came to Janet Street-Porter, she told the panel how the nearest living thing to her she was able to kiss was her dog.She commented: “I did try to kiss badger but he wasn’t interested, he had a better offer.“I tried again and he tried to bite my nose off, I realised that if I had a dog biscuit between my teeth  that would’ve been a noisy slurp.”Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm