Mercedes chief Toto Wolff has revealed they are yet to enter talks over extending Lewis Hamilton's current contract as a result of the 38-year-old's post-season travels. Following the end of a disappointing 2022 season, which saw him finish sixth and fail to win a single race for the first time in his career, Hamilton has been travelling the world and has spent time in Antarctica, New York and Egypt. Speaking back in November, Hamilton revealed he hopes to sign a new multi-year deal with Mercedes. "I'm not putting a limit on it to be honest," Hamilton said. "I'm planning to do a multi-year deal with my team. I really, really don't know what the next five years [hold]. I think we're still trying to work on that. "There are a lot of great things being put in place, like I just launched a production company this week, but I feel great in my mind and body. I want to continue, I think there's more stuff for us to achieve together so I want to be here longer. JUST IN: Mercedes seek Lewis Hamilton and FIA summit to prevent F1 ban for Brit "If we'd have a year like last year and we were competing at the front all year, who knows where I would be? Each year you have to ask yourself if you're willing to give as much if not more than you did when you first started. "Are you willing to give up all your time to prepare and train and work with the team and deliver? If there's ever a moment that I'm arriving and I'm just coasting along, then that's when I don't belong here, and don't deserve the position here, and that's when I should stop. "I question myself as to whether I'm able to do that and whether I want to do that, and the answer is yes. We obviously have a championship that we need to get back, and I love the mission and that challenge with my team." DON'T MISSFIA boss issues Lewis Hamilton threat after controversial rule changeAustralian Open chaos led to Lewis Hamilton receiving stern warningLewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna However, three months on from Hamilton's comments, Wolff has admitted talks over a new contract are yet to begin as the Brit is not currently in Europe. "We have a full year to go," he said. "We have been so aligned. In the last 10 years, our relationship has grown. It is just a matter of him being back in Europe, [us] sticking our heads together, wrestling a bit and then leaving the room with white smoke after a few hours."