WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders.EastEnders fans have been gripped to the BBC One soap since it came out that 12-year-old Lily Slater (played by Lillia Turner) was pregnant. Fans had been theorising about who could be the father until she told her mum Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) that it was their neighbour Ricky Jr Mitchell (Frankie Day). With eyes now all on Ricky Jr, viewers have been questioning how he is linked to his namesake Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen). Fans were stunned to learn Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) was pregnant in 2010 while she was in prison for her involvement in Dirty Den (Leslie Grantham) five years earlier. She witnessed Chrissie Watts (Tracy-Ann Oberman) kill him but kept quiet and so was sentenced to 18 months in prison. Sam refused to see her mum Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) until seven months later, her daughter is heavily pregnant. It was assumed Ricky was the father of her unborn child, given how they were engaged prior to Sam getting sent behind bars. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry However, unbeknown to Ricky, Sam was having an affair with Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) during this time. When she gave birth, Sam was still hiding her secret fling with Jack and named their newborn son Ricky Jr, after her fiancé Ricky Butcher. It was later confirmed that Jack was indeed the father via a DNA test, putting an end to Sam's engagement with Ricky. Sam left the country with Ricky Jr to start a new life in Portugal, living with her brother Grant Mitchell (Ross Kemp). Seven years ago, Ricky Jr returned to Albert Square as Sam wanted him to be in Jack's care from now on. He has since been living with his dad and his wife Denise Branning (Diane Parish), as well as his half-sister Amy Branning (Ellie Dadd). It was only in April 2022 that Sam also made a comeback after her brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) asked her to look after his businesses while he was in prison. Since then, she has been trying to reconnect with Ricky Jr but has been struggling to do so, given that she abandoned him. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's interview ratings smashed by Happy Valley  [ROYAL]EastEnders fans 'uncover' forgotten Billy Mitchell abuse storyline [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Jacket Potato's identity  [THEORY] Sam has attempted to spend some time with her estranged but things quickly went south for the pair. She made a move on Jack, leaving Denise furious and Ricky Jr disappointed in his mum for trying to break up their family. But with Sam remaining in Albert Square, will he learn to forgive and give her a second chance? With the news about Lily ready to come out, he may need her support after all. Lily told Stacey that she slept with Ricky Jr but was adamant she wanted to keep it a secret from him. She explained how his dad Jack was very strict and Ricky Jr would be in a lot of trouble if he found out. Jack is about to get the shocking news though as the police are determined to find out what really happened to Lily. EastEnders is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.