 Jane Fonda, 85, gushed over her first meeting with Tom Brady, 45, as he sauntered into her trailer on the set of 80 For Brady. The actress stars in the upcoming film and while the NFL star reportedly makes a cameo appearance, she hadn’t come face-to-face with the “gorgeous” sportsman.   80 For Brady is set to be released in March this year, but premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on Friday.  Jane revealed Tom was quite the gentlemen as he personally endeavoured to introduce himself to the cast. She gushed: “It was the first time he went to each of our trailers, which were our dressing rooms, and he introduced himself as though we didn’t know who he was. READ MORE: James Martin opens up on not having kids after 'giving up everything' for his career  “When he walked into my trailer at the end, my knees gave way. I had to hold onto something. I mean, he is gorgeous.” She reiterated: “He is so gorgeous!" However, it wasn’t just his good looks that floored the actress. Jane said earlier in the evening during a red carpet interview with The Hollywood Reporter: “When somebody is the best in the world at what they do, you have to honour that and respect it.  “I was just awestruck." The actress also recalled the star buying lunch on set and being “a true gentlemen”. Jane’s nephew also couldn’t resist being so close to the football star and gave his aunt a football sweatshirt, commissioning her to get it signed by Tom. Jane shared: “And (Tom) wrote on it for him, and my nephew now has that on the wall in a frame.”     The actress had been singing Tom’s praises for hours at this point after having fawned over the sports star during her red-carpet interviews long before the film started. She described the footballer as “kind”, “humble”, “brilliant”, “sweet”, “polite”. Jane also praised his acting prowess adding: “Just looking at his face and his eyes and watching him listen to me as an actor trying to reciprocate in the same way. “I felt, in fact, as though he was my son when I had to do this speech with him."  While Tom reportedly only has a short time on-screen, the film is produced by his company 199 Productions. Jane appears alongside Rita Moreno, Lily Tomlin and Sally Field as well as a slew of sports celebrities.  Lily declared “there was no one else” welcoming the group, “just Sally”.