The family of a couple whose grave was dug up by a drug addict following a bizarre rumour that money was stashed there have slammed his 15-month sentence. Kell and Maud Goodwin's resting place was dug up by Wayne Joselyn, 43, in April last year after he heard a rumour that a plot at the cemetery contained money. The couple had been buried together since 1984 when Maud died at the age of 78 and was buried next to Kell, who died when he was 80 in 1982.  But on May 2, a member of the public who visited the cemetery to tend to their own relative's plot was left horrified after finding the couple's grave had been disturbed. After an investigation, Joselyn was arrested for the crime that took place in Carlton Cemetery in Barnsley, South Yorkshire. He was sentenced to 15 months in jail to run consecutively with the sentence he is already serving on January 20 at Sheffield Crown Court. Joselyn previously pleaded guilty to criminal damage and to a further count of outraging public decency and common law.  The Goodwin family maintained a dignified silence throughout the trial, but have now released a statement slamming the 15-month sentence. In a statement released by police, the family said: "It broke our hearts. We’re still stuck for words now. The memories we have of them are that they were really loving, they were just so sweet. They were so lovely to us and always there for us. "They were the rock of our family and raised some of us – and for those members of the family they made it a gorgeous world to grow up in. We really loved them. "As a family we don't feel the sentence reflects the significance of the intrusion on Maud and Kell, the impact on us, nor the work put in by South Yorkshire Police, who have not just worked tirelessly on this case but also shown so much compassion. They have gone above and beyond their job description throughout." READ MORE: Ants can 'sniff out' cancer in urine, scientists discover  Speaking after sentencing, Detective constable Toni Wain said: "As a family liaison officer it is my job to be a link between the family and the investigation team and gather information. I have seen first-hand how this disturbing crime has affected the family both emotionally and psychologically. "They have handled it with such dignity, strength and patience while the investigation was ongoing. I am pleased we were able to get justice for the family but that does not mean their sorrow ends now. "This is a time where the family can finally process what has happened and grieve once again. "I am privileged to have supported the family though this life-changing process and I thank them for the trust they have shown; to me and the whole team." DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew claims his 'reputation will be restored' next month [INSIGHT]Police hunt man with half an ear as they warn public not to approach [COMMENT]Andrew pictured out riding as accuser Virginia Giuffre signs book deal [PICTURES]  Joselyn has never revealed his motive for the gravedigging, but a court heard he may have been responding to a "bizarre rumour" that jewellery or firearms were buried in the cemetery. Addressing Joselyn directly in their statement, the family added: "Why did you do it? Do you realise what you have done to us as a family? Knowing the answer to this may help finally bring us some closure." 