Arsenal may have to find a compromise with Brighton and Hove Albion to sign Leandro Trossard this month amid a gap in the two clubs' valuation. The Gunners have emerged as frontrunners to sign the wantaway winger before the winter deadline as Mikel Arteta closes in on bolstering his attacking workforce. Trossard was Brighton's star man under Graham Potter in the early stages of the season but has started just two games since the World Cup break. A bust-up with Roberto Di Zerbi over his attitude and work rate has left him desperate to find an exit route out of the Amex Stadium this month. And after Tottenham Hotspur's rebuffed approach, Arsenal are vying to get another one over on their north London rivals. Fabrizio Romano reports that negotiations are advanced over a permanent switch to the Emirates Stadium, with personal terms already agreed. But other outlets claim work is still to be done before an agreement is reached between Arsenal and Brighton over his services. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to the Mail, Arsenal value Trossard at around £20million, but the Seagulls are demanding closer to £26m. There is a clear difference in valuation, though there is undoubtedly potential for a compromise fee to be agreed from those starting points. Given the drop in magnitude, it's unlikely Arsenal will face the same issues that led to Chelsea hijacking their long-running interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Gunners were in the driving seat to recruit the 22-year-old Shakhtar Donetsk winger, who made several rescue pleas to Arteta on social media. But Arsenal hesitated over Shakhtar's £88m price tag, opening the door for Chelsea to swoop in and lure him to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains dressing room message after Palace draw  Trossard is a worthy alternative. The Belgium international has scored seven goals and provided three assists in 16 Premier League games this season. He adds to Arteta's exciting attack and will likely compete with Gabriel Martinelli for a spot on the left wing. The Londoners are challenging for the Premier League title, facing Manchester City in the FA Cup fourth round and are expected to go far in the Europa League. So Arteta will view his capture as crucial depth to battle on all fronts heading into a hectic second half of the campaign. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here