Jamie Carragher was quite clear after Liverpool's loss to Brentford - sign a midfielder or else miss out on qualifying for next season's Champions League. The Reds were humbled 3-1 in London on Monday and Carragher declared that he sees a team "running on fumes" and one which needs three new midfield players who could cost "at least £40million or £50m each". Jurgen Klopp has already signed attacker Cody Gakpo this month but the need for more energy in midfield was made painfully obvious by an Ivan Toney-less Brentford, who battered Liverpool. And just 24 hours later, the German was shown exactly the player who would be a perfect January signing. Moises Caicedo ran the show for Brighton as the Seagulls ran out 4-1 winners at Goodison Park on Tuesday night. Everton were admittedly hapless but just couldn't cope with the all-rounded Ecuadorian, who was vital on both sides of the ball. He gave his team the crucial bite in the middle that they lacked in their loss to Arsenal just a few days prior. The 21-year-old set up Kaoru Mitoma's early opener with a fine pass and then proceeded to convincingly win the midfield battle, helped by Pascal Gross. Caicedo racked up a 92 pass completion rate from 71 passes, won possession nine times, won four duels, completed three interceptions and two tackles, created three chances and won two aerial duels, all to go along with his assist. MUST READ: Liverpool discover fee needed to sign Jude Bellingham in January Though he made a mistake that led to a late Everton consolation from the penalty spot, Caicedo ultimately had a fantastic evening. His profile is everything missing from the Liverpool midfield right now. He is a mobile counter-presser who covers great ground thanks to his tireless energy, tenacity and desire which he mixes with the intelligence and awareness to be in the right places at the right times. And he offers much more than just off-the-ball physicality. He is versatile and can also play as a box-to-box midfielder. When he's in possession, he makes the right decisions and picks the right passes. Caicedo also regularly shows a desire to break the lines and to support the attack. A player like Caicedo, though he would surely cost around £70million, would be a game-changer for Liverpool's top-four hopes. He looks ideal for the right-sided No 8 role in Klopp's three-man midfield, and would bring the intensity so sorely lacking at present. How likely Caicedo to Liverpool is before February 1 is another matter entirely, however. Jude Bellingham is the top target for the Anfield hierarchy, with Matheus Nunes another option, but both moves will have to wait until the summer. But the Merseyside club would be taking a huge risk by not signing a new midfielder now given the performances of their current players. And if they miss out on top four, the elite-level options like Bellingham and Caicedo may be out of reach in the summer. Cash-rich Chelsea are also admirers of Caicedo, as are Newcastle who are an increasingly attractive proposition to players. Brighton hope to keep the South American until the end of the season but could be persuaded otherwise with a big January bid, which Chelsea have shown they are not opposed to with their £112m swoop for Enzo Fernandez, who is another elite option who will pass Liverpool by. The Reds making a move makes plenty of sense, although they would have to pay more than they're comfortable with. Yet even still, given his profile, his experience and his age - there aren't too many players more ideal for this ailing Liverpool team than Caicedo. His display at Everton underlined that.