A furious mum has slammed the school uniform policy at her daughter's school after she was made to do PE outdoors during freezing weather conditions without a coat. The parent claims that during last week's cold snap, her daughter was made to do the session in a t-shirt. Students at Martin High School in Anstey, Leicestershire, were reportedly not allowed to wear coats or jackets during class and were given a level two caution if they refused to remove outerwear. However, a spokesperson for the school, which is part of the Lionheart Educational Trust, said teachers assess weather conditions in advance and would have taken the lesson inside if they deemed it unsafe, reports Leicestershire Live. Laura Sanchez, executive principal, said the school's uniform policy states children are encouraged to bring extra layers to wear under their PE kit during colder months. The mum took to social media with her rant, posting on the Spotted Anstey Facebook page. She added that teachers were allowed to keep coats on amid her list of complaints. It said: "Martin High School. How is it acceptable to make children do PE outdoors in today's weather with no coats/jackets on?? "But the teacher can wear a coat? C2 if you refuse to take your coat off! Anyone else think I'm out of order for not accepting this kind of treatment? "My daughter was made to do PE in a t-shirt today! Fuming!" Parents replied to the post, but the audience was divided as many sided with the school. One person wrote: "The PE kit includes a jumper as well as a t-shirt to wear underneath. "If you're running around and being active, you don't need a coat on and the teacher would be "coaching" not running around to increase their body temperature."  Another wrote: "If your daughter is disabled, sick or malnourished then this is totally unacceptable. "However if she is fit and healthy then I don't see a problem - in fact getting cold has proven health benefits". Many reminisced about when they attended school and said "you always did sport in all weather at school - it was fun". Someone else added: "I remember running cross country in shorts and a t-shirt in worse weather than that. "Exercise keeps you warm - if you have a problem with the school contact them rather than social media." However, one person sided with the frustrated mother, writing: "I'm sorry just because everyone else used to do it as kids, doesn't mean it's acceptable. "At a minimum, they should be allowed a jumper, especially until after they warm up; cold muscles can actually increase the risk of injuries. "To some extent, they will need less clothing when exercising, yes, but also in extremely cold weather, running against the wind can increase the chill factor and completely counteract the benefit of warming up through exercise. "This is not going to support any young person to have a healthy and enjoyable relationship with health and fitness—it just puts them off exercises even more". A statement from the school said that when students forget to bring extra approved layers for PE, they lend out spare kit without any consequences so the students can stay warm. Laura Sanchez, executive principal of Martin High School, said: "PE lessons at Martin High School will take place both inside and outside throughout the year, however, qualified teachers will always assess the weather conditions in advance and move outdoor lessons inside if they deem conditions to be unsafe.  "Our PE uniform policy is shared with parents and students regularly, is available to view on the school website, and in addition, students are encouraged - and regularly reminded - to bring extra layers to wear underneath their PE kit during the colder months. "Coats are not allowed as they restrict movement and risk being damaged or getting dirty. "We know that sometimes students forget to bring extra layers for PE on cold days so on these occasions, we lend out spare kit, without consequence, in order for them to stay warm. "We are transparent with students about our high levels of expectation across all areas of school life at Martin High and we are confident that our students know what is expected of them."