King Charles is facing his very first test of authority on the Commonwealth. Jamaica's Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, has urged his nation's ministers to "move ahead with speed" in implementing the measures necessary to transform Jamaica from a constitutional monarchy to a republic. However, he ackowledged the procedure was not simple and that he had never anticipated it to proceed in a "straight line". Speaking at a function in Montego Bay, St James, Jamaica's Prime Minister declared: "It is time that Jamaica becomes a republic. For us, the process is not simple, and we have known this from we started on this journey, and we are making sure that we check every box as we move deliberately in that regard." He added: "So I'm saying to you minister (Malahoo Forte), please move ahead with speed and alacrity on this matter. Jamaica must become a Republic." Holness' directives come after a hiccup in the appointment of the Constitutional Reform Committee, which will examine Jamaica's legislation and give suggestions for severing links with the British Monarchy and turning Jamaica into a republic. The Mark Golding-led parliamentary opposition has been accused by the Jamaican Government of delaying the procedure by failing to name members to the committee. Jamaica would become the newest republic after a long line of nations, the latest of which was Barbados in November 2021. The Prince of Wales, who was Prince at the time, attended the ceremony on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II. As the new flag of the Republic of Barbados was flown and the British flag was lowered, the nation's constitutional monarchy ended, and Prince Charles witnessed the final rendition of God Save the Queen. He could soon see another British flag being lowered in Jamaica. The British Royals have traditionally chosen a position of support for nations that declare their intention to secede from British control and become republics. After returning from Jamaica, William said the monarchy "supports with pride and respect your decisions about your future" in line with stance of the Institution. READ MORE: The true tale of how Christmas was nearly lost 450 years ago Jamaica announced its plans in March 2022 to become a republic during a royal visit of Prince William and his wife Kate to the Caribbean. But in the following months, a tug of war erupted bewteen the country's Prime Minister and Opposition Leader Mark Golding who accused Malahoo Forte of refusing to answer legal questions about the committee's mandate and whether the issue of adoption of the Caribbean Court of Justice as Jamaica's final court will be a priority area. Minister of Legal and Constitutional Affairs, Marlene Malahoo Forte, will now be in charge of Jamaica's exiy from the Commonwealth. The issue of independence has divided Jamaicans on a generational line, with older people expressing attachment to the monarchy while youngsters want to break free. Nicola Aljoe, professor of English and Africana studies at Northeastern University, said: "They have a completely different relationship with her." DON'T MISS:King Charles will 'inspire' UK in historic first message [REPORT] Crew member on plane was 'only one' to recognise Meghan's sacrifice [REPORT] Philadelphia forced to remove box that hid Columbus statue for 2 years [REPORT] Jamaica was a British monarchy dominion from 1655 until 1962, when it gained independence from the British Empire. The country remained a Commonwealth realm, with the British monarch as its head of state, represented by a governor-general appointed by the British monarch. The British monarchy still holds sway over 15 remaining realms, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Jamaica, Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Belize, Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and Tuvalu. The Queen took her responsibilities seriously as both head of state and head of the Commonwealth to twenty-one African countries. She was respectful of regional traditions, at ease in a post-colonial setting, and frequently defied British political elite counsel when dealing with problems on the continent. After the Queen's death, questions hanged over King Charles' ability to navigate Britain's colonial past and tackle the Commonwealth’s origins rooted in colonialism. Without Jamaica, the Commonwealth would shrink to 14 members. READ NEXT:'Awful Harry and Meghan show attacks every single one of us Brits'Harry and Meghan’s Commonwealth remarks blasted as ‘racist’Newest Commonwealth nation hits back at Harry and Netflix show claimsHarry and Meghan a vile slur on Queen's beloved Commonwealth - COMMENT'Harry and Meghan sold Archie's privacy to Netflix for $100million'