Everton owner Farhad Moshiri has refused to comment on Frank Lampard's future at the club after sensationally suggesting it is "not his decision" whether to sack the under-pressure manager. Lampard has been left on the brink of being axed by the Merseyside club after their 2-0 defeat to West Ham United left them joint-bottom of the Premier League, and Moshiri did not offer any assurances over his future. Jarrod Bowen's double handed West Ham a crucial victory to relieve some of the pressure on David Moyes, who, like Lampard, had been facing calls to be sacked after a poor run of form. And after the Everton board had been warned to stay away from Goodison Park at their last fixture, owner Moshiri and chairman Bill Kenwright attended the game at the London Stadium in the directors' box. Their presence would have angered Everton fans who have called for the board to resign after the internal chaos on Merseyside, with loud boos ringing out from the away end after the final whistle. It was their 11th defeat in 14 games under Lampard, and Everton look to be tumbling towards relegation as they are now in 19th place in the Premier League. READ MORE: Lampard sends Everton fans relegation warning after West Ham Moshiri, facing calls to clarify Lampard's future just weeks after publicly backing the former Chelsea head coach, refused to give a definitive answer when quizzed outside the stadium by TV reporters. Speaking live on Sky Sports News, the Iranian-British businessman was asked if it was "time for Lampard to go". He replied: "I can't comment, sorry. It's not my decision." Kenwright was also asked for his comment on Lampard's future and the 77-year-old admitted that results needed to improve but refused to divulge their decision about Lampard: "I would never ever speak about that to you," Kenwright said. "We've got to start winning, haven't we? Bad times." Lampard once again stressed he was not looking for reassurances from the board and insisted he was the right man to continue in his role: "It is a big job, I knew that when I took the job because we were looking at a relegation battle then," he told BBC Sport. "We had a big fight and stayed in the league. We lost Richarlison and now have tried to build around that so it is normal we are fighting again, when other clubs are trying to move on. "I don't want to tell how Everton fans how to feel, my job its to give everything in the job here. We had a lot of possession, but were short in the final third. "It is impossible for me to jump into the future, last season we were five points shy of safety with five or six games to go but as a club we have to move together."