DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) is back for more cases to crack in the heart of Newcastle upon Tyne. Fans have been wondering when the ITV detective drama will be back for more and finally, series 12 is ready to begin, kicking off at 8pm on Sunday, January 29, on ITV. Vera season 12 will consist of four two-hour long specials which will be airing weekly on ITV. The description for the premiere episode reads: "DCI Stanhope is called to a lighthouse where a body has been discovered lashed to a sailing boat. "Immediately setting about her investigation, Vera soon discovers that the body is local council enforcement officer and experienced amateur sailor Frank Channing, a family man, with strong friendships, who was well respected at work. "However, it's not long before Vera discovers evidence suggesting foul play." READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row Among the suspects who could have been responsible for Frank's murder is Belinda Rayford, portrayed by actress Samantha Spiro. She famously played Barbara Windsor in the stage play Cleo and Camping, as well as in the TV projects Cor, Blimey! and Babs. Spiro has also been in Me Before You, MIT, Game of Thrones, Ridley Road and Ragdoll. Her most recent role to date has been as Maureen Goff in Netflix's Sex Education. Spiro is joined by 45-year-old actor Robert Wilfort who is probably best recognised as Jason West in Gavin and Stacey. In all three seasons, Jason is part of an ongoing plot where he and Uncle Bryn (Rob Brydon) refuse to reveal what happened on that secretive fishing trip. Apart from Gavin and Stacey, Wilfort has been in The Crown, Traitors, Bridgerton and Miss Scarlet and the Duke. He is behind a character called Cal Wallace in the first episode of Vera season 12. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [EXPLAINER]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to 'very loyal' co-stars [TRIBUTE]Vera sparks frenzy as fans spot Brenda Blethyn's family link in series [REACTION] Julia Channing is believed to be the wife of local council enforcement officer Frank Channing who is found dead by a lighthouse. Actress Amanda Horlock has been in The Sparticle Mystery, The Larkins, Casualty and Dal Y Mellt. Horlock is joined by actress Patricia Potter who was behind Diane Lloyd in the BBC series Holby City for 17 years. Her other major role was in Doctors as Jane Fairweather for just a year in 2016. Actress Jasmine Kerr is best known as a dancer and performer in the West End, having been in Wicked and 42nd Street, as well as regional productions of Hairspray, We Will Rock You and Peter Pan. She is joined by young actor Flynn Allen who is presumably starring as Frank's son Lyle Channing. Actor Allen has been in The Lost Boy, Guilt, Dead Man's Phone and The Honeymoon. Vera season 12 premieres on Sunday, January 29, at 8pm on ITV.