There are a number of reasons for Blue Bloods fans to be excited about the CBS series’ return this weekend. Not only does it mark a stint behind the camera for Bridget Moynahan in the director’s role, but viewers have already expressed their excitement at seeing a familiar face make a rare return to the action. In Blue Bloods season 13, episode nine, titled Nothing Sacred, the Reagans will reconnect with none other than Joe Hill (Will Hochman). Joe has already reappeared in the 13th season so far but only in a handful of episodes. In fact, Hochman’s character has only starred in 13 of the long-running drama’s 264 instalments. Frank’s (Tom Selleck) grandson will reappear after the memory of his father Joe is subject to a cruel insult. READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk shares exciting filming update The synopsis for the episode from CBS reads: “Reagan family tensions run high when Frank and his grandson, Joe Hill (Will Hochman), contend with a grievous insult to the memory of Joe's father, Joe Reagan. “Also, Erin (Bridget Moynahan) and Henry (Len Cariou) work together to bust an over-the-phone scammer targeting the elderly… “Danny (Donnie Wahlberg) intervenes in an undercover assignment led by his spiralling former partner, and Eddie's (Vanessa Ray) captain takes a suspicious interest in her efforts to locate a stolen puppy.” But as if the synopsis wasn’t enough to get excitement levels rising, the Blue Bloods official Instagram account shared a behind-the-scenes snap from the instalment which confirmed Hochman’s return. In the photo, Hochman is stood alongside Moynahan who’s deep in conversation with Selleck while she serves as director. The account captioned the snap which was shared just before Christmas: “We know you miss #BlueBloods and we do too… “So here's a first look from us to you! An all-new episode returns on January 6th, directed by @bridgetmoynahan. We'll see you soon!” Needless to say, it didn’t take long for fans to share their joy at seeing Hochman back in the action, with some calling for him to appear in many more episodes. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Anthony to exit after Erin betrayalBlue Bloods’ Donnie Wahlberg lands new project away from CBS show Blue Bloods fans outraged over ‘victim-shaming’ Joe scene Hochman himself took to the comments of the Instagram post to tease: “See you fine folks in the new year!” While Blue Bloods fan and Instagram user @book_lover3034 replied: “Why is joe not a permanent character, we love him!!!!” Elsewhere, @gilliewillietrinigranny excitedly typed: “Best show ever. Thanks for bringing JOE HILL back.” This was echoed by @debren58 who weighed in:  “Bring Joe back in more Episodes. “Adds some new life to BlueBloods not that it needs it but the SundayDinnerTable seems empty.” Blue Bloods viewer @clairedelune555 concurred: “Yes!!!! Praying for more Joe and definitely some resolution after that conversation between him and Erin on the basketball court!” While @sinclaireerenstone simply summarized their excitement by commenting: “Yes the return of Joe hill!!!!” Blue Bloods season 13 returns to CBS in the USA on January 6.