Manchester United have been backed for their decision to not sign Joao Felix in a lucrative loan deal from Atletico Madrid. Chelsea won the battle with United and Arsenal to land Felix until the end of the season, but the Portuguese endured a horrid start to his spell with the Blues. Chelsea will spend around £15million on the loan fee and salary by the time Felix’s six-month loan ends. But the 23-year-old will miss the next three games after being sent off for a horror tackle in the west Londoners’ 2-1 defeat by Fulham on Thursday. In a poll of 17,277 Express Sport readers, a majority believe Man Utd were correct not to spend the money on loaning Felix until the end of the campaign. Nearly 65 per cent of voters agree with the Old Trafford hierarchy. United have instead signed Wout Weghorst on loan in a much cheaper deal. Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag has demanded that the club sign a new striker in January, but the experienced Weghorst was preferred over the expensive Felix. JUST IN: Chelsea chiefs 'consider squad firesale' over Graham Potter sack Express Sport readers do back Chelsea over their decision not to go ahead with the signing of Enzo Fernandez this month, especially while the price for the World Cup sensation remains £112m. Chelsea had offered a huge proposal that was structured over 12 months, but Benfica want at least the majority of the money up front. Chelsea have since chosen not to make a fresh bid. However, wide-ranging reports suggest that the lavish-spending Stamford Bridge hierarchy could revisit their pursuit of the Argentine if their form continues to disappoint. A clear 82 per cent majority back Chelsea in not yet paying the full amount for Fernandez. It remains to be seen if the 21-year-old completes a move to west London. DON'T MISS...Chelsea target 'didn't know' who Graham Potter was amid Blues pressurePalace boss Vieira launches defence of Chelsea and 'quality' PotterChelsea in crisis - Boehly's Potter sack chats, trio under fire, more The Blues have won just one of their last nine Premier League games and were stuffed 4-0 by Manchester City in the FA Cup. That has prompted readers to believe that Mykhaylo Mudryk - another key name in the January transfer window - would be correct to snub Chelsea in favour of joining London rivals Arsenal. Mudryk has been desperate to join the Gunners, who finally seem set to strike a deal with Shakhtar Donetsk. The 22-year-old has made several subtle hints on social media about wanting to make the move to the Emirates Stadium. Of the 17,277 voters, 70.6 per-cent believe Mudryk should join Arsenal. The rest believe he should go to Chelsea.