A Covid strain which has been nicknamed 'The Kraken' is beginning to sweep the UK and is thought to be behind up to half of all Covid cases in the worst-hit regions. Data from the Wellcome Sanger Institute, which has been tracking the spread of the Omicron subvariant, shows half of cases in Wirral last week were caused by the strain.       Officially called XBB.1.5, it has caused a surge of cases in the States.   Some experts are concerned that it might trigger a similar spike in the United Kingdom if it can get past the immunity people have built up from previous waves and vaccine rollouts. For the week ending December 17, according to data from the Sanger Institute – which is based on hundreds of samples, 4.3 percent of cases were caused by XBB.1.5. Mail Online reports that this is the first time the strain has been listed on the institute's virus dashboard, which is updated weekly. Overall, the strain was spotted nine times that week.    Scientists estimate it is behind 50 percent of cases in Wirral in Merseyside, and five of the total cases were spotted there.   One XBB.1.5 sample was sequenced in Stroke-on-Trent, where it is thought 20 percent of cases are caused by the strain.   In Telford and Wrekin in Shropshire it is estimated 11 percent of cases are caused by the strain, in Tower Hamlets in London the estimate is 50 percent and in Cornwall it is thought to be 33 percent. These areas all reported one case caused by the Omicron sub-variant.   The number of samples sequenced by the Sanger Institute has reduced since April 1 last year – when free tests were scrapped in England.   READ MORE: Gas prices drop to pre-Ukraine war level but households still burdened  Its data also does not include all Covid swabs which are sequenced across the UK. This means there may be extra cases not included in its figures. XBB.1.5 is a concern to some scientists because of its mutations, including F486P. This helps it to bypass antibodies that would fight Covid, that were generated in response to vaccination or previous infection.   Another mutation — S486P — is believed to improve its ability to bind to cells.   It is thought that the strain originally emerged in the US and is a mutated version of Omicron XBB, which was first detected in India in August.   When XBB first emerged it caused Covid cases to quadruple in just a month in some countries.   Data from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Friday showed that the new strain is sweeping across the States and is now behind 41 percent of cases. DON'T MISSDramatic moment Russian ammunition depot is blown to smithereens [PICTURED]Poll shows two-thirds of UK support second Brexit vote – do you agree? [OPINION]Kremlin’s lack of equipment blamed for struggles in Bakhmut [ANALYSIS]   This figure is a massive rise from 22 percent a week earlier and just four percent one month earlier. And hospital admissions for Covid in the USA shot up by 40 percent in the month to December 28.    Despite its rapid spread, CDC officials say there is “no suggestion” the virus is more severe.   XBB.1.5 has also been spotted in countries including France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Ireland, Australia, Singapore and India.   Professor Paul Hunter, an epidemiologist at the University of East Anglia, says the majority of new variants “fizzle out in a few weeks”.   But he said the sharp increase in XBB.1.5's prevalence is “certainly very worrying” and suggests “a pretty dramatic growth advantage and enough to drive a new wave of infections”. 