This month, Pamela Anderson will release a tell-all memoir alongside an intimate documentary shedding light on her rise to fame and career. With the series premiering on Netflix at the end of January, Pamela’s son Brandon Lee paid a heartfelt tribute to the filmmakers.  Pamela Anderson gained notoriety in the late ’80s following her starring role in Baywatch. Alongside some glamour modelling, her tumultuous relationship with musician Tommy Lee made her a household name. In 1995, she made headlines after a sex tape they privately filmed on their honeymoon was stolen and illegally distributed for public consumption. For the first time, Pamela will be lifting the lid on these events, sharing her innermost thoughts and speaking on her troubled upbringing. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap    Throughout the documentary, viewers will step back in time as rare photos and videos from Pamela’s past will be unveiled. This includes a glimpse at poignant times of her childhood and her own children’s upbringing. Fans gained sneak peeks into the documentary following the release of new photos last month. The pictures showed Pamela as a youngster pulling a funny face as she pointed at something out of shot, sporting her trademark blonde locks.    The second photo showed an intimate and candid photo of Pamela cuddling her son while he was a baby. Her eldest son, Brandon Lee, worked closely with the filmmakers and was even credited as a producer. With the documentary premiering next week, he paid a touching tribute to the showrunners for their work on the series. Brandon shared: “The truth is important. And who can define the truth about someone’s life better than themselves? DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Pamela Anderson brands Disney 'a**holes' over Pam and Tommy series [INSIGHT]Pamela Anderson details how first boyfriend kicked her out of speeding [INSIGHT]    “I’m proud that people will finally get a glimpse into my mother’s truth with this film. “I hope they’ll see in the end that behind this caricature that everyone’s loved over the years, there is actually a very real, very lovable, caring, sensitive person who deserves to be protected, cherished, and celebrated.” He added: “It took a while to find the right people to trust with this story. “We had to feel comfortable handing over decades of archives and family treasures to complete strangers, especially since the priority with this project was about making an unfiltered and utterly real account of my mother’s life.”  Brandon continued: “In the end, we put together a pretty special team: Ryan is effortlessly talented, and Julia and Jessica have been so incredibly patient with me and helped me learn so much along the way. “I couldn’t have asked for better partners on this. I am truly honoured to have worked with such talented and professional people.” Brandon stated: “My hope is that this film will bring some closure to a very painful chapter in my mother’s life. I hope it brings her peace. “This whole process has brought a newfound energy to my mother and I can’t wait to see what she does next. I think the sky’s the limit for this woman.”  Pamela, A Love Story premieres on Netflix on Tuesday, January 31. 