In the tweet with four of the selfies, the Boulder OSMP account wrote: "Recently, a bear discovered a wildlife camea that we use to monitor wildleife cross Boulder open space. "Of the 580 photos captured, about 400 were bear selfies." In the photos that bear can be seen in a variety of poses. Looking dead ahead, looking left, looking right. In another photo it showed its side profile and stuck out its tongue.READ MORE: Trump will 'likely' win GOP primary but 'lose badly' in 2024 However, the selfies caused some confusion among those on Twitter. The reason for this is because the Park Rangers said the photos were taken recently, and bears are normally hibernating at this time of year. In response, the rangers explained the photos had been posted on Instagram last year, before their hibernation began. Writing in a blog post, William Keeley, OSMP senior wildlife ecologist, wrote: "The motion-detecting cameras provide us a unique opportunity to learn more about how local species use the landscape around us while minimizing our presence in sensitive habitats. "These cameras play an important role in helping OSMP staff identify important wildlife areas. The information we collect from them is used to recommend habitat-protective measures to help protect sensitive natural areas." Overall, OSMP has nine cameras spread across an area of 46,000 acres it overseeas. OSMP wildlife ecologist Christian Nunes added: "Sometimes we put cameras in locations where we think we’ll encounter enigmatic fauna like American beavers or black bears. "We are fortunate to live in an area with a rich diversity of wildlife species, and these cameras help us to learn what animals are really out there, and what they are up to over the course of a day, a week, or even years." In the same blog post last year, the OSMP wrote: "OSMP wildlife cameras come to life when an animal steps in front of them. When that happens, the cameras snap a still photograph. The cameras then have the ability to capture video for 10 to 30 seconds. "At night, the cameras use infrared light to create photographs that minimize disturbances to nocturnal wildlife. OSMP places its cameras in corridors where animals are likely to travel, such as road underpasses. "The department also places cameras in areas where there are signs of wildlife activity, such as footprints in snow or game trails crossing fence-lines."