Manchester United are on the lookout for a new striker. And with the January transfer window now open, Memphis Depay and Olivier Giroud are two players being linked with moves to Old Trafford. Express Sport now brings you the latest information from the Red Devils in our round-up. Manchester United previously saw Depay struggle at Old Trafford, with the Netherlands international toiling under Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. But talk of a return remains ongoing amid the Red Devils’ desire to bring in a new No 9. And Sport have claimed Depay is on United’s radar, while also attracting interest from Arsenal and Chelsea amid uncertainty over his Nou Camp future. It’s claimed, however, that the 28-year-old wants to maintain his current salary. And with Barcelona looking to sell him permanently, rather than send him on loan, it’ll be interesting to see what happens with Depay this month. Full story here United have apparently registered interest in Olivier Giroud as they hunt a new No 9 following Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. But The Times say they only want a loan deal for the France international. And with Giroud a key player for AC Milan, it’s hard to see the Serie A giants cutting him loose - especially given the fact he’s got just six months left on his contract and expecting an offer of a renewal. The veteran flourished for France at the World Cup, scoring four goals from six matches. He’s previously played in England with Arsenal and Chelsea, winning trophies with both teams. Full story here Harry Maguire has struggled for United - but Jamie O’Hara thinks he’d be a good signing for Tottenham to make. Speaking on talkSPORT, he said: “Harry Maguire is better than what we’ve got. “He’s not playing at Manchester United. If a left-back is playing at centre-half and you’re not featuring, then Maguire has got to be looking at saying ‘I want out.’ “[Lisandro] Martinez is going to come back from the World Cup with Argentina, so Harry Maguire is going to go even further down the pecking order. “Maguire has got to look to get out of there. I would have him at Tottenham, absolutely, definitely.” Full story here Erik ten Hag has insisted the Glazers must avoid ‘burning United’ as they hunt a new forward this month. He said: "I think we have a good team when all the players are available. “But with many games coming up, I think there is a need [for a striker]. "But you need one who can have an impact. “Otherwise, you are just burning money, and you don't strengthen the squad, and it doesn't help you." Full story here Amad has been impressing for Sunderland in the Championship since joining United on loan. But Ten Hag has suggested he won’t be recalling the Ivory Coast international, saying: "We consider everything, but I have a little bit of reservation about that because I don't want to stop the process. “He's made really good progress there so I'm happy with that. "When we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting line-up or come on for a lot of games and make an impact." He continued: "I know we have good players and I know a lot of clubs will have an interest in players who aren’t playing for us so often. But we need the squad. We need depth in the squad and especially, I would say, the front line." Full story here