Jennie McAlpine, who is pregnant with her third child, will leave Coronation Street very soon as she prepares to give birth in the springtime. However, the soap star has left fans wondering how Fiz Stape will be departing from the ITV programme especially after she just married her love, Tyrone Dobbs (played by Alan Halsall). Speaking in a new interview on Loose Women, Jennie discussed her character's "disappearance". "I am going to have to disappear soon," the actress explained as she teased her exit. When asked whether she knows how her character is leaving, Jennie admitted: "I sort of do. "But obviously the other thing is, it's got to be a bit moveable because you know, hopefully, baby behaves and it all happens at the right time. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke "Touch wood it'll all be alright but yeah, there is a plan. "And obviously like you say, we are all happily married and I am so pleased." The soap star went on to discuss how ITV bosses have tried to conceal her baby bump. She explained: "So we've done a washing basket trick. "I have said this before and I am not joking, the last time with baby number two, we hid the bump behind a Ford Fiesta." The actress' exit hasn't been confirmed by Coronation Street, however, fans have been coming up with their own theories about how the storyline will play out. Many seem to think Tyrone's ex, Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu) will come back with her and Tyrone's baby. Christine Burslam penned on a Corrie fan page: "His ex Alina will turn up looking very glam with their baby in toe sending Fizz into a right Fizzbomb of angriness and she runs off into the night with Hope." (sic) DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [REACTION]Naga Munchetty pleads 'move on' as she shuts down BBC co-star  [VIDEO]Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz [INSIGHT] "AND IN THE MEAN TIME EX AND BABY TURN UP AND OFF FIZZ GOES," Christine McKenna shared. "That ex is pregnant," Andrea Louise said while Dion believes Fiz will be killed off. They wrote on Twitter: "Don’t worry Fiz it will be dead soon #Corrie." "Don't worry Fiz, it's not going to be around for long," Jan Wilkins theorised. Since Tyrone and Fiz tied the knot, they have had to deal with more drama from their daughter, Hope (Isabelle Flanagan). In recent scenes, Hope has wanted to feel connected to her real father, John Stape (Graeme Hawley), which has worried Fiz and Tyrone. The couple were horrified when they discover the youngster has been listening to cassette tapes of her dad. Could Fiz's past come back to haunt her? And could John Stape have anything to do with her exit? Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.