Kate Middleton and Prince William moved to Adelaide Cottage this past summer, despite already living in two residencies, Anmer Hall and Kensington Palace. According to royal experts, the move was a "downsize" for the Waleses'. READ MORE: Beatrice & Eugenie usually have a ski holiday - inside dad's chalet “It's supposed to be almost like a little schoolhouse, so it's really unprecedented that they're making this choice.” The home was previously occupied by Peter Townsend, the lover of Princess Margaret during the 1950s whom she was unable to marry due to his divorced status.  Adelaide Cottage is a grace and favour property that the Queen can bestow on whomever she wants. The hosts added: “I love the past history of the house, with the Princess Margaret tie in there.”  Why has this move by William and Kate caused some controversy? The experts explained: “There is a lot of uproar because Robert Jobson was saying that the Cambridges had £12million worth of renovations done to Kensington Palace 1A to make it family-oriented and livable for them and their kids. "The promise was that they'd be there for the long haul.” However, Kate and William kept Kensington Palace as a home, despite it being no longer their primary residence. READ MORE: Princess Anne's engagement ring 'protects against negative energies' The hosts commented: “It's right next to Frogmore Cottage, so if Meghan and Harry are there there’s going to be some tension!” They added: “But to have three furnished homes, I think the taxpayers are a little miffed about this.” In contrast to Kate and William's new four-bedroom home, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Windsor home had a whopping 10 bedrooms. Frogmore Cottage is regarded as a part of the Crown Estate, therefore the general public cannot access it.   Today, the house is still owned by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who used £2.4million of taxpayer money to renovate the property. The cost was rather staggering, even though the couple mostly paid for fixtures and fittings out of their own pocket. Frogmore Cottage, which had previously been split up into sections for private offices, was returned to a single residence, and major works, including replacing floor joists, ceiling beams and, rewiring the electrical system, and installing new gas and water mains. The home is also said to have a swimming pool, guest house and tennis court. 