Mortgage holders have had to cope with soaring interest rates which have hiked their repayments in recent months. The Bank of England’s decision to raise the base rate nine consecutive times in the last year has proved counterproductive to homeowners. However, new analysis of current market trends is offering insight into what 2023 will mean for homebuyers. Interest rates are expected to rise even further later this week when the central bank’s expected tenth hike to the base rate takes place. While many expected mortgage rates to increase in the interim period, experts are predicting them to “drop” later in the year. Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, outlined her forecasts for mortgages in 2023. She said: “I'm hopeful that things will improve from the spring. It expects falling mortgage rates to bring buyers back, especially if they stay between four percent and five percent in 2023. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come “It’s also hoping we’ve staved off a technical recession for now, and that more economic optimism will mean house price falls stick to low single digits in the first half of this year. “The jury is out. Some buyers will find that property comes back within the realms of affordability as mortgage rates drop, and if they can negotiate a decent price cut, they’ll be prepared to take the plunge.” As part of its latest House Price Index, Zoopla has revealed that touse price growth slowed to 6.5 percent at the end of last year. Supply in the housing market is on the rise with the average agent having 23 properties for sale, up from a low of 14 in early 2022. On top of this, demand by potential homebuyers has increased slightly at the beginning of this month. Currently, the average discount on the asking price for a home is holding at around three to four percent, and buyers are expected to keep accepting offers. Three bed houses continue to be the most popular, but demand for flats has shot up with 27 percent of homebuyers now looking for one to two bedroom flats. The mortgage expert noted that certain groups will want to avoid interest rates mortgages dropping to severe levels due to the impact it will have on the wider economy. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing She noted that the fear over a recession could lead to many potential homebuyers being scared away from buying property. Ms Coles explained: “However, others will still want to steer clear in a falling market. “The most recent Building Societies’ Association Property Tracker in December found that just one in seven people thought now was a good time to buy – which doesn’t sound like a market on the brink of a boom. “There remains a real risk that even without a technical recession in the first half of the year, economic woes could lead to job cuts, which would mean even more reluctance among buyers.” Later this week (February 2), the Bank of England is expected to raise the interest rates to four percent. Forecasts by Halifax suggest that house prices could fall by as much as eight percent in the next couple of months. According to Quilter, if house prices were to drop by this much, and mortgage rates continue on their current downward trend to around four percent, the average UK house price could fall to £271,317. Based on this, monthly mortgage payments would fall by 25 percent compared to the year before to £1,145.