Readers of a similar age to me will know that many years ago we used to hear people express that rather excellent sentiment about Britain all the time. But are we still a truly free society today? I'm not so sure. Politicians and civil servants now seem to think they have the power to tell us what to think, even though we are the ones who should really be in charge of them. The latest wheeze that proves this point is a claim by Professor Susan Jebb, chairwoman of the Food Standards Agency, who suggested that eating cakes in an office could harm others in a similar way to passive smoking. "If nobody brought cakes into the office, I would not eat cakes in the day, but because people do bring cakes in, I eat them", she told The Times Professor Jebb also expressed frustration at Government ministers for delaying a post-watershed ban on TV advertising for junk food. The professor insists this is "not about the nanny state" and that people must be protected because "what you get advertised is chocolate not cauliflower". Well I'm sorry, Professor Jebb, but your vision sounds exactly like a nanny state to me. Surely personal choice should also come into the equation? When I switch on the TV news it often feels like a time warp back to the 1970s, with everybody on strike, dreadful public services and nearly everyone feeling the pinch due to inflation. But there was one very precious thing we took for granted back then that I think we've all now lost sight of today... freedom. Provided that you lived within the law and paid your taxes, you were pretty much free to do and say whatever you pleased. Certainly nobody ever tried to blame the nation's woes on Mr Kipling. If anybody had tried to suggest there was such a thing as passive cake eating, we'd have laughed our socks off. And we were a better country for it.   Does anyone in the universe think that Lancashire Police didn't have better things to do than waste precious crimefighting time "looking into" a social media clip of Rishi Sunak talking in a moving car while not wearing a seatbelt? And yet they did! So, according to a police statement, after looking at a "video circulating on social media showing an individual failing to wear a seatbelt while a passenger in a moving car" a 42-year-old man got " a conditional offer of fixed penalty". Cheering to know, particularly as the police have been getting flak from all sides recently, that the force treats the PM just like any other member of the public caught unbuckled. But the whole thing took on a life (and huge cost) of its own as fake social media outrage led to journalists (who don't care) feeling obliged to ask questions and write stories, and the poor old coppers ended up burning cash investigating the offence. Next, to throw fuel on the fire Labour came out with a moronic statement that the video clip makes "endless painful viewing". To which my answer is - only if you idiots have nothing better to do than endlessly watch the damn thing. And don't get me started on the Lib-Dems using the fake row to get in a dig about Rishi travelling around the country in an aeroplane... how dare the Prime Minister work hard for taxpayers all over the country! One other small observation. What on earth were all the fawning SPADS (special advisers) doing when the PM decided to take off his seatbelt to record a video for broadcast?  Woke warriors everywhere are currently lamenting the resignation of New Zealand Prime Minister and darling of the Leftie media Jacinda Ardern. After five years in charge of the Pacific nation, with plenty of time out to lecture the rest of the world on its failings, Ms Ardern decided she "no longer had enough in the tank" to continue as the country's leader. But speak to Kiwis and many will opine that their once hugely popular PM has decided to "quit while she's still ahead" rather than face the electorate in an October general election, where her Labour Party is facing a rout. Many of the country's 5.1 million citizens are now less keen on a PM who forced on them some of the most draconian pandemic lockdowns outside of China, including police roadblocks restricting travel between different regions, and banning outsiders from the country. Much of New Zealand's economy was essentially shut down for the pandemic and for such an isolated island nation that relies on trade and tourists to fill its coffers and supermarket shelves that has turned from concern at the loss of civil rights to anger at a cost-ofliving crisis. In the UK Covid rules were unpopular but at least our government didn't adopt the Big Brother attitude that seems to have been responsible for Ms Ardern's loss of public support.   Three cheers for good King Charles who, faced with a £1billion windfall courtesy of six new off-shore wind farms on the Crown Estate, wants the extra cash to go to the "wider public good" rather than the Royal Family. The Royal Household's public funding is based on 25 percent of Crown Estate profits and after highlighting the extreme pressures being suffered by many due to the cost-of-living crisis The King is backing up his words with actions. Call it the act of a benevolent and caring monarch or a great piece of expedient PR, I don't care. The King is doing the right thing by his people at a time when many are struggling. You don't have to look too far afield in the energy industry to see the likes of Shell, BP and Exxon-Mobil making huge windfall profits from their businesses as a result of Putin's criminal war. It seems to me these companies (and they're not the only ones) could learn a thing or two from HM and return their extra war-fuelled profits to the public purse - or at least graciously accept that they should pay a windfall tax that's roughly equal to the extra cash they've made.  It's about time that wee Nicola Sturgeon was shown to be the fool we all knew she is. This gender recognition Act she was going to put in in Scotland wasn't universally popular even there and would cause all sorts of problems about how it would apply in England. There are, of course, suggestions that she is using the row caused by the UK government blocking the Act to further her fight for Scottish independence. But let's face it, we are the United Kingdom and many even in Scotland stick to the motto "Better together". Maybe Sturgeon should take a leaf out of the New Zealand prime minister's book and step down from the challenges of politics. 