Vikings Valhalla made its highly anticipated return to Netflix last week and provided fans with a new adventure for their beloved characters. While Leif Eriksson (played by Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) took off, the actor opened up about filming the terrifying ice river episode. Despite putting religion aside and getting together, season two saw the inevitable break-up between Freydis Eriksdotter (Frida Gustavsson) and Harald. The two decided to mutually end their relationship and set foot on different paths. While Freydis adventured to Jomborg, Harald was accompanied by Leif and their crew as they embarked on a gruelling trek to Constantinople. Harald wanted to become King of Norway but he and his men were met with icy waters. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  As they took off, the group acknowledged the frozen river and took breaks in their journey. As well as ensuring their horses were not tired out, they also didn’t want to cause unwanted pressure on the frozen waters. The team were cautious as they had heard of the ice dam breaking, which would cause the frozen river beneath them to break. Despite the care, things took a turn for the worse as the ice wall broke and led to many deaths, as the group descended into the waters.    Leif star Sam Corlett opened up about filming the episode and spoke on the lengths the crew took to make sure the stars were safe. He revealed: “Anytime there was a challenge on the physical side, it was certainly a welcomed challenge, whether it be to do with the water we were jumping in … “We ended up going over a waterfall into water. We were shooting a sequence. “I remember the first-aid guy watches us like a hawk because if we shiver, we have to come out, warm up, and then go back in again.” DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla's Frida Gustavsson addressed filming switch [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla's Pechenegs explained as new enemies are introduced [INSIGHT]  “So we're trying to get it done as quickly as possible,” he added to Looper.com. As the group rushed for safety Harald noticed Eleana (Sofya Lebedeva) struggling and rushed to save her. This sparked romantic interest as they formed a special bong after connecting on a deeper level. However, Harald was completely unaware Freydis was pregnant with his child when she went on her journey, When she arrived at Jomsborg, Freydis gave birth to a son and told the people the baby should be known as the son of Harald Sigurdsson. Although they went their separate ways, fans are certain Freydis and Harald will eventually reunite following the birth of their child, given the child will be next in line to the throne This could see the pair rekindle their romance and defy the odds by becoming a family unit. However, with his interest in Eleana, Harald could decide to have two wives, as this wasn’t unheard of during the Vikings era.  Vikings Valhalla seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix. 