Elvis Presley’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley, 77, updated fans on her daughter Lisa Marie Presley’s condition just moments before her tragic death. The only child of Elvis, who has sadly died aged 54, reportedly suffered a cardiac arrest yesterday.   Priscilla posted a photo of herself and her daughter on her Instagram feed beside a brief caption that confirmed the sad news her daughter was fighting for her life yesterday afternoon. Despite asking fans and friends for prayers in her message on social media, however, Lisa Marie’s death was announced soon afterwards. Priscilla had written: "My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. "She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers." READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'     The star continued: "We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time." Priscilla did not say any more on the matter at the time, and her daughter tragically died moments later. Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital yesterday after reportedly suffering a cardiac arrest. While it was hoped that she might pull through, her mother confirmed the news of her death in a statement obtained by People.      She said: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong, and loving woman I have ever known. “We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss,” Priscilla added. "Thank you for your love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment." READ MORE... Amanda Holden wows with braless display in skintight crop top [PICTURE] Carol Vorderman says she ‘doesn’t care’ about being ‘objectified’ [INSIGHT] The Chase's Anne Hegerty in hysterics over Prince Harry's book display [NEWS]       Prior to Lisa Marie’s death, her devoted mother Priscilla was seen arriving at the hospital where she was being treated. TMZ reported that Lisa Marie was discovered by her housekeeper, who found her in her bedroom unresponsive. The outlet went on to claim that, after going into cardiac arrest, the star received CPR in her home in Calabasas, California, by her ex-husband Danny Keough. She was then apparently placed into a medically-induced coma and remained on life support following the cardiac event.      Elvis and Priscilla’s only daughter faced plenty of heartbreak over the years, most recently mourning the death of her own son, Benjamin. An autopsy report obtained by The U.S. Sun confirmed he died by suicide in his mother’s home. Lisa Marie was seen at the Golden Globes just a few days ago, where she showed up in support of Baz Luhrmann’s new film Elvis. The star appeared frail at the event and even seemed to be slurring her words.   