Prince Harry has claimed his father King Charles carried a teddy everywhere due to the "essential loneliness of childhood". The Duke of Sussex, 38, make the remark in his new Megxit memoir 'Spare'.  Harry wrote: “It was a pitiful object, with broken arms and dangly threads, holes patched up here and there. “Teddy expressed eloquently, better than Pa ever could, the essential loneliness of his childhood.” Charles reportedly struggled during his time at Gordonstoun boarding school in Scotland. The 74-year-old was bullied at the school which saw him find great comfort in the teddy bear, as many children do.   His second-son noted that he would imagine the appearance of the teddy as what his father looked like once the bullies had finished with him. Harry added that he and Prince William were convinced by the presence of Charles’ teddy to allow their father to welcome in Camilla. The father-of-two wrote: “Apologies to Teddy, Pa deserved a proper companion. That was why, when asked, Willy and I promised Pa that we’d welcome Camilla into the family.” It is unknown if the King still carries his treasured teddy bear around the world with him.     Prince Harry's memoir ‘Spare' has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever, with record sales of 400,000 on the first day of publication. Larry Finlay, managing director of Transworld Penguin Random House, said: “We always knew this book would fly but it is exceedingly even our most bullish expectations. “As far as we know, the only books to have sold more in their first day are those starring the other Harry (Potter).” Some eager royal fans queued at midnight outside WH Smith in London's Victoria Station in an effort to be the first to grab themselves a copy of the book. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT (INSIGHT)Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup (REVEAL)Boris Johnson urged to return and ‘save the Conservative Party’ (POLL)  In the days leading up to its official publication, a number of leaks saw the Duke of Sussex widely criticised for a number of comments and revelations. He discussed his rivalry with his brother, his experience of losing his virginity, and accused Camilla of planting stories in a bid to improve her own image. Speaking on The Late Show, the 38-year-old addressed the backlash to the book caused by the “sensational leaks” in the press ahead of its release. Harry told host Stephen Colbert: “The last few days have been very hurtful and challenging”. He continued his attack on the press and claimed they had manipulated his words by taking them out of the context of the book in order to create conflict. 