Episode one of The Last of Us has already become one of HBO’s biggest hits of the new year and the post-apocalyptic series has already won over fans and newcomers to the PlayStation franchise alike. After a devastating opening following Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and his daughter Sarah (Nico Parker), the cast have opened up about their experience with one of 2023’s most highly anticipated TV releases. Parker revealed she shed tears over The Last of Us’s traumatic opening well before she was cast in HBO’s small-screen adaptation. Co-created by the game’s director Neil Druckmann and Chernobyl mastermind Craig Mazin, the live-action drama has already recreated several moments from the game beat-by-beat. The premiere featured a near-perfect interpretation of the game’s opening, which concludes with the shocking death of Joel’s daughter at the start of the apocalypse. Guest star Parker revealed she still wasn’t totally prepared for what was coming despite experiencing the game well before its adaptation to TV. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz “I was incredibly stressed,” she admitted. “It’s an iconic moment.” In both the game and the series, Joel and Sarah run into an armed military officer who is ordered to kill them both to stop the spread of a fungal virus. Joel is able to escape with just a minor wound, but his daughter tragically takes a bullet to the stomach and dies in his arms. Parker revealed she was feeling the pressure to deliver the scene properly as her moments with Joel have a huge impact on his journey throughout the rest of the series. “I have cried at that moment, myself, prior to even in any way being involved in the show,” she told TV Line. “So I think I was very aware of how important it was to kind of execute it appropriately.” Although Parker had already played the game, she was warned by her co-star not to go back to it in preparation for their big moment. “That scene specifically, I don’t think we spoke about it,” she recalled. DON'T MISS:Carole Baskin’s husband still missing despite Tiger King rumours [INSIGHT]1000-lb Best Friends backlash as Meghan branded ‘horrible friend’ [REACTION]Abbott Elementary star’s body ‘crashed’ before Crohn’s diagnosis [INTERVIEW] “I mentioned one time something about watching it and he said, ‘Don’t watch it. It’s going to freak you out’. “‘Don’t do it.’ And I was just like, ‘I take his word as the gospel.’ So I was like, ‘Okay! Not going to watch!’” It’s currently unknown if Parker will be seen elsewhere in the series, as Sarah is almost completely absent in the games from that point onwards. However, HBO’s adaptation is expected to take some major departures from the source material, so there could be a chance for another appearance in flashbacks. For now, Joel faces a dangerous quest across the wilderness to protect 14-year-old Ellie (Bella Ramsey) after escaping from the FEDRA quarantine zone. A thrilling teaser trailer has revealed plenty of familiar moments from the video game as well as guest appearances from Nick Offerman, Melanie Lynskey, Storm Reid and more. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.