While it's possible to get more than five percent interest on savings, these accounts often come with restrictions on how many withdrawals can be made or how much money people can save. The best easy access savings accounts are currently offering interest rates of up to 2.85 percent and people can access their money whenever they need to. The Zopa Smart Saver account currently ranks top of the list when it comes to easy access accounts, offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 2.86 percent on savings up to £85,000. James Blower, head of Savings at Zopa, recently told Express.co.uk that it's now more important than ever that savers look for the best deals. He said: “For people looking to create better habits around savings, the easiest way is to set aside a few minutes every month to check comparison websites and get a feel for the best rates and deals available. “Those with larger savings balances could benefit from checking rates and switching more frequently, as the savings market can move fast and getting the right deal at the right time could ensure better returns.” READ MORE: Nationwide research claims more people are using cash to help budget A Zopa savings account can be opened online with as little as £1. Coventry BS’ Limited Access Saver (Online) (6) comes in second place when it comes to the top easy access savings accounts and has an AER of 2.85 percent. Ranking third is Al Rayan Bank’s Everyday Saver (Issue 3) with an AER of 2.81 percent. However, customers need to invest a minimum of £5,000 to open one of these accounts and can save up to £1million. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT] Nationwide's FlexDirect current account offers savers five percent interest but only on a balance up to £1,500. However, this rate only lasts for the first 12 months and is only open to customers who haven't had an account with the building society in the last year. After 12 months, the interest rate on the account drops to 0.25 percent so people may want to look elsewhere for a better interest rate offer after that. Previous FlexDirect account customers won't get the high rate and will also be offered a lower interest rate of 0.25 percent.  The Nationwide FlexDirect account offers:  Meanwhile, millions of people on Universal Credit and other benefits are missing out on 50 percent interest on savings because they aren't taking advantage of the Government's Help to Save scheme. The scheme matches 50p for every £1 invested by the individual - so if someone puts away the maximum of £50 a month for four years, they will receive a total bonus of £1,200 from the Government.  