Cancun is one of Mexico’s leading tourist destinations and a popular hotspot for package holiday trips. The UK Foreign Advice has updated its travel advice for the Central American destination. The Foreign Office said: “Since December 2022, licensed taxi drivers have been blocking roads and targeting Uber taxis in Cancun’s Hotel Zone, in a series of protests against Uber. “Tourists have been affected, including being pulled from Uber taxis and experiencing lengthy delays as a result of roadblocks, sometimes leading to missed flights. “Protests can occur without notice. Please listen to local announcements and follow the advice of your hotel on how best to avoid any protests.” Tourists have been affected by the protests in Cancun and should exercise caution in taxis there. READ MORE: Cruise couple ‘outraged’ about confiscated item On Monday, several tourists were left stranded after taxi drivers blockaded the road leading to the airport. Tourists were forced to trek to the airport on foot or hitch a ride in a police truck to make their flight. Taxi unions were reportedly angered after a court ruled that Uber drivers were exempt from having to obtain a permit. Other taxi drivers are required to have a ‘medallion’ or permit to carry passengers in the region.  Videos on social media showed taxi drivers harassing Uber drivers and their customers with some saying they were pulled from the cars. The US State Department also issued a warning, saying: “Disputes between these services and local taxi unions have occasionally turned violent”. Tourists should ask for advice at their hotel if they are concerned or contact their holiday company or tour operator. Travellers should also leave plenty of time to reach the airport to ensure they don’t miss their flight home. READ MORE: Cruise couple ‘outraged’ about confiscated item Mexico is a popular destination for British tourists, particularly during the winter, due to the warm weather. Although the majority of trips to Mexico are trouble free, tourists do need to be aware of some dangers. The Foreign Office said: “The Mexican Government makes efforts to protect major tourist destinations like Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Cozumel, Los Cabos, Puerto Vallarta and Nuevo Vallarta. “However, since the beginning of 2021, there have been several clashes between rival criminal gangs in popular tourist destinations in Cancun and surrounding areas.” Although tourists are not usually the targets in such attacks, several have been injured or killed in the crossfire. Two foreign tourists were killed in Tulum while several were injured in a shootout in Puerto Morelos. The Foreign Office warns British tourists to exercise caution after dark in downtown areas in Mexico. They should follow the advice of local authorities and their tour operator at all times and remain vigilant.