  Jeremy Renner, 52, was attempting to save his nephew ahead of his awful snow plough accident, it has been reported. The Marvel actor was trying to stop his snow-removal tractor from sliding and hitting his grown nephew when he was pulled under the vehicle and crushed on New Year’s Day, according to a Nevada sheriff’s office incident report.      The brake was not on, and apparently this would have stopped the snowcat vehicle, which runs on a track. Subsequently, it started sliding after the Hollywood star used it to pull his nephew’s truck out of snow, the redacted Washoe County Sheriff’s Office report that was filed on Friday stated. The conclusion of the report, which was obtained by CNN on Tuesday through a public records request, read: “The Pistenbully snow groomer began sliding causing Renner to exit the vehicle without setting the emergency brake. “Although the Pistenbully had some mechanical issues, it is believed based on our mechanical inspection that the parking brake would keep the Pistenbully from moving forward. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return      “When Renner attempted to stop or divert the Pistenbully to avoid injury to (his nephew), he was pulled under the vehicle by the track and run over.” The brake indicator light inside the snowcat’s cab was not functioning, and “mechanical issues may have been a factor in this accident,” the report continued. The report also indicated that Jermey’s nephew was able to help him until the rescue arrived. Jeremy was then airlifted to the hospital, where he has since undergone at least two surgeries.       Express.co.uk have contacted Jeremy’s representatives for comment. Last week, Jeremy reportedly returned from hospital following a lengthy stay in intensive care to treat his severe injuries. The Avengers actor’s traumatic incident is said to have left him in critical condition. Before returning home, the star shared a selfie from his hospital bed after the accident saying he was "too messed up" to type. READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS]      An emergency call log revealed how the right side of his chest had collapsed and described the actor as being "completely crushed". The actor is reportedly aware of the extent of his injuries but has a long road to recovery, with pals reportedly saying it could take up to two years before he is back in fighting shape. "It's much worse than anyone knows. Jeremy is very aware of the fact that he almost died out there," a source told RadarOnline. "The right side of Jeremy's chest was crushed, and his upper torso had collapsed. He also had a bad head wound that was bleeding and a leg injury."      "Word is the damage to Jeremy's chest was so substantial it had to be reconstructed in surgery." After emergency services airlifted Jeremy to hospital, he underwent surgery on January 2 to place metal pins around his legs. At the time, his publicist also shared that the actor “suffered chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries and had to undergo emergency surgery.” While anxious fans were told the star was stable, it wasn’t until January 3 that their minds were totally put at ease when Jeremy issued an update from his hospital bed.   