Michonne (played by Danai Gurira) and Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) will finally have their stories revisited when The Walking Dead universe returns in an all-new spin-off. After being absent from the flagship AMC horror for the past few seasons, the duo made their hotly-anticipated return in the series finale’s final moments, although it wasn’t the happy ending fans had desired. Instead, they face a battle to reunite with one another and thanks to a new update from star Gurira, fans are edging closer to seeing how the TWD favourites’ story pans out. News that production on the Rick and Michonne spin-off was set to start this month was announced towards the end of 2022. And now, while fans are still yet to receive news of a release date or production snaps, Gurira has taken to Instagram to try and fill the void. Alongside Lincoln and showrunner Scott Gimple, Gurira shared a series of snaps of their reunion ahead of filming. She captioned the series of selfies: “#Richonne spin-off. 2023. Pre-production is in full swing. We’re getting there!” READ MORE: The Walking Dead's Negan star hints at Maggie betrayal in Dead City Needless to say, it didn’t take long for fans to express their excitement, including a very familiar face. Jadis actor Pollyanna McIntosh simply replied to her former co-star’s post: “Yussssss,” followed by a fire emoji. Elsewhere, TWD fan @elisa.lipsi remarked: “YOU DONT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH IM FREAKING OUT OVER THIS.” While @richcreative_ weighed in: “I CANNOT FREAKING WAITTTTTTTTTTTTTTT.” Meanwhile, @deladeni expressed: “This is an exciting photo. Can't wait to see you guys in action again.” And @sexymitizi echoed: “Omg you have made my whole 2023 #RICHONNE,” followed by a love heart emoji. Fellow TWD fanatic @grimes.hawthorne simply penned: “HAPPY NEW YEAR!! I CAN'T WAIT FOR THISS!!” (Sic) In the first snap, Gurira can be seen grinning while Gimple and Lincoln peer over her shoulder. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead fans in meltdown over 'new zombie' in Dead City promoThe Walking Dead fans call for series to end after spin-off teaserThe Walking Dead fans spot huge error in Rick Grimes return The other two in the series feature solely Gurira and Lincoln as they enjoy the final moments of pre-production before filming begins. While plot details for the untitled spin-off remain unknown for now, the final moments of The Walking Dead have teed up an intriguing storyline. It transpired both Rick and Michonne had survived but while the latter has managed to live solo, Rick hasn’t fared as well. The final moments of TWD confirmed Rick had been captured and used by the Civil Republic Military (CRM), the same group ruling over its inhabitants in The Walking Dead: World Beyond. Both he and Michonne had been writing correspondence in the hopes the other would find them, although it’s yet to be confirmed if either prevailed. However, Rick looks like he’ll have a tougher time finding Michonne after a CRM chopper managed to track his rather dishevelled self down. Michonne, on the other hand, appears to be a woman on a mission as she vows to reunite with her husband. But will the two finally cross paths and get their happy ending in the spin-off? Fans will have to wait and see for now. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream on Disney+ in the UK now.