Jay and Lola (played by Danielle Harold) are due to get married on the BBC soap after the former proposed on Christmas Day. It came just weeks after the two were confronted by the news Lola has an incurable brain tumour, and the young couple are hoping to tie the knot and enjoy the time they have together. Harrowing soap stories can take a toll on the actors, and Jamie applauded his EastEnders co-star Danielle for her "fantastic" portrayal of Lola and the hard-hitting story. Recent EastEnders scenes saw the two characters enjoying their respective hen and stag dos. As with all soap weddings, it appears there may be a hurdle to get over on the big day. As he was questioned about this, Jamie remained tight-lipped but was full of praise for Danielle. "Last year, Lola was diagnosed with terminal cancer," The One Show host Jermaine Jenas commented. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star He went on to ask: "How did the fans take to the story? Because it's a really close one, isn't it, for a lot of the fans?" "Absolutely," Jamie replied. "And I think it's raised awareness about this, which I think if you touch one person or one family, that's good enough. "It feels like we're really making a mark with this story, and it's more people are [like] 'Oh, I can't bear to watch Lola, seeing her...' "You know, and Danielle, I have to say, has been absolutely fantastic while we've been filming this stuff." The actor continued: "Because it's really gruelling and the days are... "You know, you go into work crying every day - it can take its toll. "But she's been absolutely fantastic. So touch wood, it's all positive stuff so far." Reflecting on starting the soap at just 12 years old, Jamie was asked if he remembers getting the life-changing phone call. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [VIDEO]The Apprentice's star on 'tough' firing after being 'sidelined' [EXCLUSIVE]Bruno Tonioli breaks silence as he's confirmed as new BGT judge [LATEST] "Yeah, I do actually," he replied. "I was in... it wasn't Woolworths, it was another shop. "I can't remember what it was. And my mum had the call and we were dancing around the shop. "But little did I know that 16 years later I'd still be there, it mad how that kind of happens, but here we are." Fellow guest Bradley Walsh was asked about the friends he has within the EastEnders cast. "I do, yeah," he confirmed. "Shane [Richie] is an old pal of mine, Perry Fenwick I've known for 30 years, Shane I've known for nearly 40 years. "Brian [Conley] I've known for 40 years, so you know." The Chase presenter went on to explain how Brian had introduced him to his wife. "So without team EastEnders, you'd have such a different life," host Lauren Laverne pointed out. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.