WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from The Light in the Hall. The Light in the Hall follows the lives of Sharon (played by Joanna Scanlan), her former friend-turned-journalist Cat (Alexandra Roach) and gardener Joe (Iwan Rheon). He spent two decades in prison for the murder of Sharon's daughter 18 years ago and has been released, moving back to the town where it all happened. The Channel 4 series reached its conclusion in tonight's [Thursday, January 19] episode with fans questioning if there will be more episodes to come. The Light in the Hall has been airing for the past six weeks but as of yet, there has been no official word on a season two. The Welsh thriller was originally labelled as a limited series which means the creators initially had no intentions of making anymore episodes. But there have been a number of limited series in the past that have unexpectedly come back for more, like The Tourist, Big Little Lies and The Watcher. However, given the ending of The Light in the Hall, it does seem unlikely. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz The entire series has revolved around Sharon still searching for answers regarding her daughter Ela's (Ella Peel) death almost two decades later. It was thought she had been killed by Joe after he pushed her in his caravan and she hit her head but she didn't die from this. In the last episode, it comes out that Ela had a secret girlfriend called Izzy (Hannah Daniel), the daughter of counsellor Nina (Lisa Palfrey). The pair got into a row and Izzy pushed Ela and it was from this head injury that killed the youngster. Nina and Joe's father Wyn (Ifan Huw Dafydd) knew what really happened all this time and actively encouraged her to keep quiet and let the gardener take the blame. So Joe wasn't telling Sharon where her daughter's body was not because he was refusing to co-operate but because he actually didn't know. The body is later seen dug up and Sharon goes to see Ela at her new grave where she has been buried. Sharon and Joe also have a moment together after the truth finally comes out. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert ‘at a loss’ over value of ballerinas [EXPLAINER]Ginny and Georgia season 3: Show boss ignites renewal hopes [UPDATE]NCIS season 20 dealt ratings blow with near-record low [REVEALED] Creator Regina Moriarty explained to Metro.co.uk that despite the pair talking at last, this wasn't the start of a new friendship. She said: “I feel that even though it was a small moment, anything bigger than that would have felt a bit phoney and it took so much for them to get to that one small moment. "I suppose in my imagination, I like to think that they probably parted ways with some sort of sense of resolution or the beginning of some healing process happening, but I don’t think they’ll be hanging out. “It was quite a lot for them to get to that point. But I imagine them probably going off in their separate own ways." The finale rounds off the story with answers to what happened to Ela and Sharon and Joe both starting to move on with their lives. If there was a second series, then these two would probably not be the central characters, making it a completely different show. So for now, at least, it doesn't seem like there will be more of The Light in the Hall to come. The Light in the Hall is available to watch on All4.