The attendance of the King's youngest son, who is currently estranged from the family, at the Coronation remains unknown. However, due to Harry never having "abdicated his birthright" as a member of the British Royal Family, the 38-year-old has been urged to attend the royal service. A reader of the Mirror told the newspaper: "I think Prince Harry should attend the Coronation. "He is still part of the institution by birth and has never vowed to abdicate his birthright." The reader, Mirror reader poochie, added: "Royal disagreements and misunderstandings do not start with him; he is not the first to manifest his emotional frustrations with the institution." The reader continued: "The foursome in King Charles III, William, Kate and Camilla should embrace open family reconciliation without ostracising Harry's family. "The world and the Commonwealth in particular are watching this development." READ MORE: Harry shows 'clear' signs of 'happiness and joy' as he spoke about life in US with Meghan Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down as senior working royals in 2020. Shortly after their exit, the couple moved to the US, along with their young son Archie, who was less than a year-old at the time. Their reason for stepping down, as stated in their departure statement, was that they aimed to "work to become financially independent". Despite stepping back, the couple vowed to "fully support" the late Queen, whilst building a "progressive new role within this institution". READ MORE: Harry takes new approach in solo US interview after ditching 'protective mode' with Meghan Harry released his bombshell memoir last week, on January 10. The penned read was released in 16 languages, with an audiobook version, read by Harry, released on the same day. Prior to the release, Penguin Random House promised the book would an "intimate and heartfelt" account of the Duke of Sussex's life. DON'T MISS Prince Harry’s memoir made Royal Family ‘stronger and more respected’ (REVEAL)Has your opinion of the Royal Family changed since Spare? POLL (POLL)Harry barely conceals 'anger' over lies about Meghan (INSIGHT) The book starts with an account of Harry's life at age 12, following the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana, in 1997. It also follows Harry's "dedication to service" in the military as well as "the joy" the Duke has found since becoming a husband and father.