Happy Valley returned this year after a seven-year absence as Sarah Lancashire reprised her role as police Officer Catherine Cawood who was doing her best to keep her grandson Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) from the grasp of his father. Karl Davies joined Morning Live presenters Gethin Jones and Sam Quek where he spoke highly of Sarah, who stars as his mother in the drama. Gethin noted: "It is interesting, you and Sara Lancashire, both have a soap background. I mean Sarah was Raquel in Coronation Street, this is a slightly different role. "Obviously you are a fan because you have one picture in your house and that is Sarah Lancashire." Pointing to the photo behind him, Karl teased: "I done it especially, I wanted her to be here!" Gethin continued: "A quick word on her, she is brilliant isn't she?" READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Karl praised: "Yeah! Obviously, both being from a soap background, I think it's, that's a huge training ground for any sort of drama. "And you are doing 17 pages a day on a soap, and here we are doing sort of six, we are filming six pages so, it should be a lot easier. "But certainly for Sarah, as you can see there it is definitely not an easy job! Yeah, she has to work hard for this one, but incredible." Gethin added: "You are all fantastic in it and it is brilliant Sunday night viewing Karl also touched on the iconic scene which kicked off episode three on Sunday night, which saw Catherine confront her sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran). Catherine found out Clare and her boyfriend Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neill) had been taking Ryan Cawood to visit his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in prison. As Clare sat down to tuck into her sandwich, Catherine let rip on her sister as she tried to fathom why she had betrayed her. The tense scene left viewers stunned and many praised the pair for their acting skills and the tension they kept throughout the scene. DON'T MISS...Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  [LATEST]Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT] Touching on the tense moment, Karl said: "It is a tribute to Sarah, Siobhan and Sally [Wainwright's] writing for the most dramatic scene in a series that is about crime and violence. "As they are having a cup of tea and is Siobhan ever going to finish that mouthful of sandwich." Season three is the last instalment of the BBC One crime series, and many fans have theorised Tommy has a dark plan up his sleeve. On Sunday, during their visit, he told Ryan he would be in Leeds after pleading guilty for another crime. Ryan became excited about the idea of being able to see his dad again so soon. Many fans on Reddit fear Tommy is going to escape custody and put Ryan's life in danger. @rojasmun theorised: "I just have a feeling Tommy is going to attempt to murder Ryan. Last thing he wanted to do in this world was to send the biggest F you to Catherine by killing Ryan back in S1. "Thanks to Catherine he's in prison and will never be out. Only thing he has left is getting revenge. 'Revenge is a dish best served cold' Ryan says again and again in the first 2 episodes. "Is there a worse way for Ryan to die than to be lulled into thinking he can trust and love his 'dad', only for Tommy to murder him?" (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.