After a successful first season, Netflix has finally confirmed Wednesday has been renewed for a second instalment. The streaming platform confirmed the major announcement with a special clip.  The Addams family returned to screens through the lens of teenager Wednesday Addams (played by Jenna Ortega) and the show proved to be a hit. The show reignited admiration for the cult favourite and went on the smash Netflix records. In less than a month it overtook Dahmer and became the second most-watched US show after season four of Stranger Things. Thankfully for fans, Wednesday will return to screens with more from Nevermore Academy and her major revelation.  READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims As Wednesday became the third show to cross the one billion hours streamed mark, it was no surprise Netflix decided to renew the series. The streaming platform released a video which confirmed the eagerly awaited confirmation. As the clip played, Jenna Ortega’s Wednesday could be heard saying: “Over the past few weeks, I’ve been hunted, haunted and mimicked millions of times across the internet. “It’s been pure torture, thank you.”   In big words, the video shared: “More misery is coming” and “The global phenomenon will return for season two.” There were also clips of fans thousands of fans queuing outside of a Wednesday event and hundreds of people dressed as the titular character. The show’s impact scaled across the world as the soundtrack reached number one on the iTunes Soundtrack chart where it remained in the Top 10 for three weeks. After the episode four dance went viral on TikTok, the #WednesdayAddams routine amassed over 22 billion views where fans posted themselves copying the dance. DON'T MISS...Megha ‘mauls’ Suits co-star in scene Prince Harry regrets watching [INSIGHT]Wednesday season 2 release: Jenna Ortega series to stay on Netflix [INSIGHT]Jenna Ortega refused to say key Wednesday Addams line [INSIGHT]  The co-showrunners Miles Millar and Alfred Gough stated: “It’s been incredible to create a show that has connected with people across the world. “Thrilled to continue Wednesday’s tortuous journey into season two. We can’t wait to dive headfirst into another season and explore the kooky spooky world of Nevermore. “Just need to make sure Wednesday hasn’t emptied the pool first,” they added to Tudum.com. Although a release date has yet to be announced, fans can find relief in knowing they will soon see the fall out of season one’s cliffhanger.    Throughout the series, Wednesday was able to uncover an unsolved murder mystery that had involved her parents. As well as this major revelation, students at the school had begun going missing and Wednesday made it her personal mission to find out why. As she tried to identify the killer and provide proof to the sheriff, the killer's identity became the biggest jaw-dropping moment of the show. Thankfully, fans will soon find out more about the killer's murderous rage.  Wednesday is available on Netflix.