The Madame Blanc mysteries is back on Channel 5 with creator Sally Lindsay returning as Jean White. The new episode sees Judith (played by Sue Holderness) and Jeremy Lloyd-James (Robin Askwith) attend a wake for Anna Dumonet. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about which guests are joining the episode, including a Death in Paradise star. Vivienne is the deceased's daughter, who is an antiques dealer. When Vivienne suddenly leaves in tears, Jean knows there's more to the death than meets the eye. She is played by Julia Montgomery Brown, an actress from New York who has been living in London for almost a decade. The star is best known for playing a double agent opposite Stephen Rea in The Honorable Woman. Viewers may also recognise her from Coronation Street as Diane Mellor. READ MORE: Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas special Madame Belvoir is caught up in a search for hidden treasure at a local theatre. She is played by Death in Paradise actress, Elizabeth Bourgine. The 65-year-old French actress joined the Saint Marie-based series in 2011 as Catherine Bordey. Her other credits include My Best Friend, Private Lessons and Nestor Burma. Jules is a theatre director and Vivienne's stepfather in the series. He is played by Gérald Moralès, who is known for his roles in 8th Wonderland and Même âge, même adresse. His other notable credits include Homeless Without You, Profilage and Sud express. DON'T MISS... Elizabeth Bourgine age: How old is the Death in Paradise star? [INSIGHT] Elizabeth Bourgine: Who is the Death in Paradise star married to? [EXPLAINER] Death in Paradise’s Catherine speaks out on future of BBC series [INSIGHT] Georgina is played by Clelia Murphy, a 47-year-old Irish actress. She is best known for her role as Niamh Cassidy in the Irish soap Fair City, from 1996 until 2017. She also reached the quarter-finals of the Irish version of Dancing with the Stars. The 47-year-old actress has also starred in DannyBoy, Doctors and Grabbers. Genevieve is played by Bettina Paris, who has previously starred in A Dangerous Arrangement. Viewers may also recognise her as young Cassandra in Helen of Troy.  Cedric is played by Anthony Da Silva, an actor, singer and dancer known for his theatre roles. His credits include The Cher Show, Grease, Camelot and Mama Mia. The Madame Blanc Mysteries airs on Thursdays on Channel 5 at 9pm.