The star-studded Golden Globe awards took place on Tuesday for an evening of celebration and laughter. The White Lotus star Jennifer Coolidge took the comedy to new heights with a humorous speech while presenting an award.  During the prestigious event, Jennifer Coolidge took to the stage to present the award for Best Supporting Actor in a TV Musical/Comedy or Drama. However, before she announced the winner Jennifer shared her apprehensions. She told the audience that almost didn’t accept the job out of fear of falling due to the "over-waxed floors". As the crowd laughed, the actress readied herself to announce the winner when she made a hilarious blunder. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash    As she opened the envelope, Jennifer said: “So, the Oscar goes to...” After the crowd roared with laughter, she quickly realised her mistake and corrected herself in a stutter: “Oh, no, no, wait, Golden Globes.” Jennifer went on to reveal Tyler James Williams won for his role as Gregory Eddie on ABC’s Abbott Elementary. Viewers quickly took to social media to share laughter and praise Jennifer for her funny blunder.     Twitter user @yeetbeete tweeted: “Jennifer Coolidge is giving y’all a comedy masterclass right now btw.” @hejjlinnea demanded: “Let Jennifer Coolidge host the Oscars.” A third viewer @spampi768 stated: “JENNIFER COOLIDGE JUST MADE MY WHOLE NIGHT SHE REALLY SAID ‘and the oscar goes to’." @ActuallyEmerson added: “THE OSCAR GOES TO, I 100% do not believe Jennifer Coolidge saying that was a bit.” DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]The Kardashians savaged by Golden Globes nominee over ‘fake lips’ [INSIGHT] Austin Butler paid tribute to Elvis Presley and 'beautiful' family [INSIGHT] @RSPirani joked: ”That Oscar definitely goes to Jennifer Coolidge.” @mardensgarden shared: “LMFAOOO Jennifer Coolidge said ‘the Oscar goes to…’ I’m crying.” As well as worrying about the floors, Jennifer also shared a list of other reasons she was hesitant to accept the role. She confessed she was worried about losing her place on the teleprompter, being stuck for words and mispronouncing a name.   Jennifer continued: “You know, once I say someone’s name the wrong way, I’m screwed. “I can’t do it. Like you hear it that one way, and you can’t undo it.” Elsewhere in the evening, Jennifer returned to the stage with an acceptance speech after winning a Golden Globe for best supporting actress in a limited series, anthology series, or TV movie.