And 27 percent said they would like an extensive buffet included in their accommodation, while 18 percent would prefer to stay in an adult-only hotel. In the evening, 33 percent want the opportunity to dance the night away, while for 23 percent plenty of entertainment is a must. Al Murray, at loveholidays, which commissioned the research, said: “Everybody has a list of must-haves when it comes to a summer holiday. “It only comes around once a year, so boxes need to be ticked and the ultimate getaway needs to be enjoyed for people to fully relax and unwind. “During the planning phase there is so much to consider to get it right, and by using an online agent we can help to not only find the best break for you, but also secure a good deal. “That way you really have something to look forward to, and that you know you will enjoy this summer.” The survey revealed the ideal summer holiday would last 10 days – with Italy, the Maldives, and Greece topping the poll for dream destinations. More than half (51 percent) would opt for a different country every summer, while 21 percent are happy to return to the same place, but keen to try new hotels or resorts. Sightseeing (45 percent), eating and drinking (42 percent), and spending quality time with loved ones (31 percent) is how those polled would spend the majority of their time away. And when it comes to what they value most while on holiday, getting some sunshine (53 percent), exploring a new country (49 percent), and escaping the hustle and bustle of life (47 percent) were among the top choices. Thinking about this summer, 38 percent are determined to enjoy a “bucket list” holiday, with almost half (48 percent) simply eager to escape from the doom and gloom of the UK. For 41 percent, the pandemic got in the way of enjoying a dream getaway – but three in ten used that time to save up so they could pursue their holiday desires this year. More than four in ten (41 percent) are most likely to opt for a package holiday, ensuring flights, accommodation, and transfers are all sorted in one go – compared to 32 percent who would book each element individually. Of those who prefer package holidays, almost two-thirds (63 percent) said that the easier booking process is what is most appealing, while 56 percent like the fact the holiday will be financially protected. According to the OnePoll study, more than half (55 percent) are attracted to the idea that everything will be taken care for them, while 45 percent do it because it’s more cost-effective. Al Murray, for loveholidays, which is offering one lucky candidate the chance of becoming its “holiday correspondent” reviewing five dream destinations, added: “Helping the nation enjoy their ultimate summer holidays this year is important to us – whether that be travelling to new destinations, experiencing new cultures, or simply getting to spend time with their loved ones. “It’s understandable that a lot of people might have less money to play with when it comes to holidays this year, but that’s why making sure you’re getting good value for money has never been so important.”