Call the Midwife, episode two aired on Sunday, January 8 and tackled the heartbreaking storyline of Lilian Reynolds (played by Lydia Larson) who discovered she had a rare form of breast cancer whilst pregnant. Former EastEnders star James Alexandrou appeared as her husband, Ronnie Reynolds, and left viewers delighted to see him back on their screens. James Alexandrou played Martin Fowler in the BBC soap from 1996 to 2007 and was the market stall regular. However, after 16 years away from the soap and making few on-screen appearances over the years, he returned with a heartbreaking reason. After receiving a flurry of support from Call the Midwife fans on Twitter, he took to the social media platform to reveal his reason for taking part in the show. He wrote: “Seeing some lovely messages come through about @CallTheMidwife1 with onscreen wife @LydiaLaaaaarson. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash "Lost mum to cancer + this was a fav show of hers so was a tough gig, but one I wanted to do for her. "Thanks for having me - and while we’re here - pay nurses whatever they want.”(sic) When he first appeared on screen, it didn't take long for viewers to realise where they recognised him from. @Jamie_Dodger commented on Twitter: "I see Martin Fowler has time travelled back to 1968 #callthemidwife." @theproperKP joked: "I'd keep an eye on Martin Fowler in that van.. he's got previous for bad driving. #callthemidwife," referring to an old EastEnders scene. Cathie Carr commented: "It was bugging me who that fella was on #callthemidwife until it dawned on me….Martin Fowler! #throwback #eastemders." @Jones_CJ25 added: "I’ve spent most of this episode trying to work out where I recognise the guy from - it’s only b****y Martin Fowler!!! #CallTheMidwife." Gemma Louise Ashton said: "Martin Fowler being sad is actually killing me #callthemidwife." DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [INSIGHT]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer  [WATCH]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [LATEST] @emmaemlouise exclaimed: "Oh blimey, just realised that’s James Alexandrou - aka Martin Fowler. #CalltheMidwife." (sic) James previously opened up about refusing to return to the BBC soap and told The Mirror: "They were talking for a while about me going back. "They made it very clear that they were bringing the character back and they would really like me to go back, but it just wasn't right for me at the time. "The attraction in it would be to see some of my old mates and have a bit of nostalgia, and that wasn't enough at the time to do it. "I've decided to leave the show to experience other aspects of my industry." During the latest episode, James' character Ronnie became increasingly concerned at the prospect of becoming a single father, if Lilian didn't make it through her treatment. He took the initiative to become a hands-on father whilst Lilian received her treatment, and with the help of Trixie Franklin (Helen George), he managed to do so. Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.