Netflix fame appears to have come at a cost for some tennis stars following a flurry of unexpected early departures at the Australian Open. Viewers couldn't help but notice a number of surprise exits thus far in Melbourne have involved those who featured prominently in the new series, Break Point. The first five episodes of the show have given fans a greater glimpse into the lives of a number of stars on the ATP and WTA tours. But it's hard to ignore the eerie crossover between those who have featured prominently in the series thus far and some of the more notable upsets Down Under. The 'curse' struck early for Nick Kyrgios, Paula Badosa and Ajla Tomljanovic, who were each ruled out of the first major of 2023 due to injuries. Each among that trio pulled out of the competition in the days leading up to Monday's start date, with Kyrgios particularly disappointed after a big build-up to this season. They've since been joined on the sidelines by fellow Netflix headliner Matteo Berrettini, who was stunned in the first round by British comeback king Andy Murray. And the show's cast witnessed four more major casualties on Thursday, including second-stage losses for Taylor Fritz, Casper Ruud and Thanasi Kokkinakis READ MORE: Australian Open umpire caves to Thanasi Kokkinakis request to get spectators booted out  Australian native Kokkinakis was the last to go after he gave up a two-set lead en route to a sensational defeat against marauding Murray. Fritz came out on the losing side of a five-set thriller with Alexei Popyrin earlier in the day, while two-time Grand Slam runner-up Ruud fell to American Jenson Brooksby in four. The first half of Break Point's debut season covered the 2022 Australian Open and the French Open, along with several competitions in between. That included Fritz's Indian Wells win over Rafael Nadal and Ons Jabeur's well-deserved victory at the Madrid Open. Tunisian talent Jabeur was added to the list of nixed Netflix stars having lost 1-6, 7-5, 1-6 to Marketa Vondrousova. That leaves only Felix Auger-Aliassime and Maria Sakkari still in with a shot at the Australian Open from the 10 most prominent players tracked in Break Point to date. DON'T MISS    A number of those who feature heavily in the series have been tipped to break through this year as part of tennis' 'Next Gen', though 2023 hasn't got off to the desired start for most. In fact, some might consider it downright difficult to deny the connection between the appearances on-screen and their disappointment at the first major hurdle this year. Novak Djokovic must be feeling confident about his chances of winning a record-extending 10th title at the Australian Open after rival Nadal was also knocked out in the second round. Spanish compatriot and world No. 1 Carlos Alcaraz also contributed to that pathway opening up after he also pulled out prior to the tournament. Sixth seed Auger-Aliassime, 22, may yet have something to say about any curse, however, as he prepares to face Francisco Cerundolo in the third round on Friday. Sakkari—also No. 6 in the women's draw—is also seeking her maiden Grand Slam and takes on China's Lin Zhu in the hopes of disproving any conspiracy.