When it comes to cooking, many have been turning on their air fryers more frequently and experimenting with how to use them instead of depending too heavily on the oven. To save energy at home, finding out what the most energy-efficient kitchen appliances are is a good place to start. After all, kitchens and bathrooms are the rooms in the home that tend to use the most energy. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, James Longley, Managing Director at Utility Bidder has shared the five “cheapest” kitchen appliances to run. It’s worth noting that all calculations provided use the current UK electricity rate of £0.34 per kWh, as of October 2022. He said: “Whether it's cooking habits or the appliances you are using, you can always be looking for ways to become more savvy in the kitchen, and in turn save on energy bills. “We rely so heavily on our bigger household appliances such as freezers and washing machines so making savings is much harder, but for your smaller appliances, unplugging and controlling usage is much easier.” 1. Air fryers When you use an air fryer, the food goes in a tray or basket and then the machine gets to work. A heating element provides the heat needed while a fan distributes this around the food, helping it cook quickly and evenly. Between the heat and the drying effect of the fan, the food will become crispy - and plenty of people consider it to be a much more healthy way to prepare dinner. READ MORE: Six most ‘power-hungry’ appliances in the kitchen It is a well-known secret that air fryers are some of the best options for saving money in a kitchen. However, the savings won’t be the same for everyone, as what you pay for electricity will depend on your tariff and also how large and efficient your appliance is. James said: “These cooking appliances are fast becoming the must-have necessity, and can prove vital both for healthy eating and saving money. “The average medium-sized air fryer can produce around 1500w per hour, but with cooking times typically shortened with the product use, we have calculated that you would currently be spending 25.5p per day for 30 minutes use.” 2. Slow cooker While slow cookers have had a bit of a bad rap amongst younger generations over the last few years, they are starting to make a comeback due to their low costs and energy efficiency despite their longer cooking times. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with [TIPS]45p kitchen staple ‘works every time’ for removing blood stains [COMMENT] Slow cookers have a low wattage, so even if you leave it on all day, it will only use about the same amount of energy as a lightbulb. The energy expert said: “Slow cookers prove cheap to buy and extremely economical to use. Of course dishes will take longer to cook, but the option of higher or lower settings means cooking times can vary and suit you. “For example, slow cookers rarely use more than 200w per hour, and with usage longer, eight hours usage would cost 0.54p.” 3. Toaster Consumption of toast will vary for almost everyone, and so will the perfect timing to cook to toast the bread to perfection. READ MORE: Top four ‘energy-guzzling’ kitchen appliances - how to ‘reduce costs’ Say if the toast popped after 90 seconds in a 1200w appliance, it would have cost you just 0.03p, according to James. He warned: “Be aware though, toasters are perhaps one of the biggest electricity users on standby so unplug your device when out of use.” 4. Microwave Possibly one of the least glamorous kitchen appliances, microwaves are arguably one of the best low-cost appliances for cooking or reheating food. Typically, more than 80 percent of UK households own a microwave oven, and they can prove “cost effective as long as they aren’t left on standby all year round”, says the expert. He said: “Every little saving helps and it could cost over £5 per year with your microwave on standby. “Electricity usage varies across models, but with the average modern microwave using around 1200w, if this was used 15 minutes per day, it would cost 10p.” 5. Hot water tap Although having a boiling hot water tap isn’t a luxury every household will have, heat from the tap certainly proves to be a “massive reduction in energy expenditure” compared to the standard kettle usage. James noted: “A hot water tap will use around 10 watts of energy per 24 hours to maintain water temperature; a kettle, however, will use more than 2000w for every use.”