Pressures are systemic and talk of “fundamental reform” is back. As the Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting said during a recent speech at Policy Exchange: “we cannot continue pouring money into a 20th century model of care”. Express readers - when recently polled - rejected overhauling the funding model, but the status quo is clearly unacceptable. Streeting has since expanded on those remarks, calling for greater use of the independent sector to tackle waiting lists and advocating a gradual "New Zealand-style" ban on tobacco. Taken together, these measures encapsulate the choices the British people will face in future NHS reform: are we willing to enable greater choice, but risk an increasingly two-tier system? Should we restrict access to unhealthy items to curtail costs? In other words – should the NHS "be there" for us whatever our choices, or will we increasingly have to do "our bit" for it too? Can we – drawing on comments from the Chair of the Food Standards Agency this week – have our cake and eat it? These questions are existential, yet fundamental, with no settled consensus.  Wherever the debate leads us, some reforms will attract fewer naysayers. Understaffing is a driver of dissatisfaction – for patients and staff. Everyone agrees we should train more doctors in the UK. Labour’s pledge to double medical school places would be a positive step. Policy Exchange’s research has found the up-front investment needed to lift the cap on places would more than pay for itself. Not least because we can begin to shed the vast sums spent on temporary staff. Upgrading healthcare infrastructure will also be vital. Steve Barclay is right to focus on overhauling shoddy IT. As Policy Exchange have argued, pharmacists (and other providers) should be able to access patient records to proactively support patients. A review of measures to reduce “time-sapping admin” should be announced. A shift in attitudes to risk in innovation – as Barclay also suggests – is needed. Where technologies are proven to work, they should be nationally accredited so they can be rolled out swiftly. Future pressures on the health service will be determined by how these questions are settled and how far progress is made upon these priorities – or else “corridor care” will be here to stay. Sean Phillips is Head of Health and Social Care at Policy Exchange. 