Kamala Harris co-owns a residence in the upmarket neighborhood of Brentwood, Los Angeles. The property was bought by her husband Douglas Emhodd, a lawyer and the first ever second gentleman, in 2012 and now the pair own it together. A lovely home with four bedrooms and a swimming pool, according to Zillow it is worth $5m. The home is not just valuable because it is large and luxurious. It's also in a very prestigious area. The neighborhood is known for the huge number of celebrities who lives there, including model Gisele Bündchen, music producer Dr. Dre, basketball player LeBron James, On-screen icons like Joan Crawford, Marilyn Monroe, Gwyneth Paltrow, Betty White, and Reese Witherspoon live or have lived there. Sportstars too have made the area their home, with LeBron James and O.J Simpson moving in. Model Gisele Bündchen and music producer Dr. Dre are also neighbors of the vice president and her husband. The area is also home to The Getty Center, housing the stunning museum designed by Richard Meier. Other famous architects have made their mark in the area. READ MORE: Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald have increased in value by £2M Frank Lloyd Wright's George Sturges House is in the neighborhood, as it is the Paul R. Williams’ Hunt Residence. According to Zillow, the typical home value in Brentwood is $3,036,543. Rent in the area for a studio apartment is $1,850. The neighborhood offers a laid-back appeal, being relatively quiet while also close to downtown Los Angeles and Hollywood. It's only 25 minutes to downtown and a 20-minute drive from LAX. It s home to famous addresses like Sunset Boulevard and Mulholland Drive. However, Brentwood has a dark history too, being the area where Nicole Brown was murdered, an event that cause her former partner O.J. Simpson to be tried for the crime. The area has also been ravaged by fires in the past, with almost 500 homes burned in a fire in 1961. DON'T MISSKamala Harris says ‘senseless gun violence’ must end [SADNESS] Pippa Middleton and James Matthews plan for massive swimming pool [PROPERTY] Six paint colours to ‘avoid’ in your home [INTERIOR DESIGN] Despite this, the neighbor is pretty safe generally. Crime is 44 percent lower in Brentwood than in the average LA neighborhood. This is not Kamala's only home. The vice president has a large real estate portfolio. She bought a two-bedroom, 1,700-square-foot apartment in Washington in 2017 for $1.775M. In 2014 she bought a condo in San Francisco's SoMa neighborhood for $489,000. Kamala Harris is entitled to live in the vice president's residence, as the current vice president. The vie president's residence is a white nineteenth-century house, built in 1923. The home sits on the grounds of the US Naval Observatory in Washington, DC. It's a stunning building, in the Queen Anne style, with a white facade, black window shutters, and a grey roof. The 9,000 property has multiple languages, a living room, a dining room, a sitting room, and a garden room. Some furniture has been left behind by previous residents, including antique Korean and Japanese chests left by the Rockefellers. The Gore family completely redecorated the historic home and the grounds. They added a new dining room table and modified the outdoor space for better entertaining. There is some speculation that an underground bunker was constructed under the home in December 2002, but this has never been confirmed by the government.