2022 saw the return of our favourite style icons, but who influenced fashion choices the most? A new study conducted by fashion retailer boohoo analysed Google searches, press articles, views on TikTok and sentiment on social media to rank which celebrities and royals “have the most power in the fashion industry”, and Kate, Princess of Wales is number two. Model Bella Hadid is the number one style icon of last year, but in second place is Kate Middleton; “known for her elegant and classic outfit choices”, thousands of people the world over are trying to emulate her style. Her style has been Googled over 18,000 times every month, over 700 articles have been written about Kate’s style alone this year and TikTok videos about her fashion choice have been watched over 233.7 million times, showcasing her influence when it comes to fashion. 2022 was also the most expensive fashion year for the Princess of Wales, as she wore a record £176,664 worth of new clothes, including ball gowns and glittering jewels for royal engagements. It marks the royal’s most expensive year to date, beating 2017 when she wore £119,000 of new clothes. READ MORE: Kate steps out in striking orange dress - pictures The future Queen, did, however, continue to rewear and recycle some of her favourite older pieces, and stepped out in items from high street stores like Zara, Hobbs and Mango. For the first time last year, Kate also wore a rented dress when attending the Earthshot Prize in December. The bright green dress from Solace London was rented from Hurr and she accessorised with Princess Diana’s emerald and diamond jewels. As for what Kate’s most expensive outfit was, when she attended the premiere of Top Gun, she wore a £2,000 black and white off-the-shoulder dress by Roland Mouret with earrings worth over £10,000 from the brand Robinson Pelham. DON'T MISS...‘Most unflattering’ lipstick colours women over 40 should avoid [EXPERT]Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year [EXCLUSIVE]Sue Cleaver ‘unrecognisable’ after 3st weight loss [PICTURES] It is understood the King covers the costs of Kate’s wardrobes for “work-related” engagements through his official household budget. It is not clear whether the Princess pays full price for outfits or receives discounts from the brands. Another royal that has made the top five most stylish is Meghan Markle, who is “known for breaking the strict royal fashion rules”. Her aspirational style inspires many with “over 400 articles written about her style in 2022”, the research suggests, and despite making headlines for her sophisticated looks, she was recently seen sporting super on-trend UGG boots in the Netflix documentary ‘Harry and Meghan’. READ MORE: Princess Kate wanted to evoke 'calm and trust' through clothes According to the Daily Mail, Meghan wore £79,000 worth of new clothes in 2022 - despite stepping back from royal duties. This was an increase of £20,000 from the previous year. Her most expensive outfits were when she attended the Invictus Games event in April, with the white bodysuit, black trousers and Cartier necklace pushing her outfit costs to £14,015. Meghan also showcased an array of high end designer pieces, with a white suit from Valentino, a £4,281 Ralph Lauren brown coat, a £2,400 Celine jacket, a black Stella McCartney cape dress worth £1,351 for the Queen’s funeral and a £1449 Giorgio Armani green midi dress. Princess Diana, on the other hand, proves to be “forever a style icon” according to the data, especially being the focus of the latest season of the Crown reminded the fashion industry of just how one-of-a-kind her style was. The study reveals that there have been 39.5 million views on TikTok about her style, and a huge 91 percent of reactions on social media to articles written about Diana’s style are the ‘love’ emoji. The late Queen Elizabeth II was also featured in the top 25 style icons at number 15. “The British public have always admired the late Queen's style”, the research said, and the monarch was always seen wearing bright, bold and beautiful colours, so it was no surprise that in 2022 there was a 126 percent increase in people searching on Google for style inspiration from the royal as we remember her.