Various banks and building societies are providing incentive offers to new customers in a bid to get them to take out a savings account with them. One of the financial institutions offering such a deal is first direct, which is currently awarding a sizable £175 to new customers. With the cost of living crisis likely to continue for the foreseeable future, many savers will be looking to take advantage of such a deal. In order to get the £175 cash offer from first direct, applicants need to open a 1st Account with the bank. After this, they will need to switch their everyday current or savings account over to the bank using the Current Account Switch Service. At this point, savers will have to pay in at least £1,000 within three months of opening the account. It should be noted that this savings deal is currently limited to one payment per customer or joint account. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Those who chose to make this switch will receive the cash within 28 days of all first direct’s criteria being met. This particular offering is only available to new customers to first direct as it stands; customers cannot have held one of the bank’s products in the past. Furthermore, first direct is unable to provide this deal to savers who have opened an HSBC current account on or after January 2019. Despite this, customers who hold an HSBC account may still qualify for the offer, but only if the current account they have was opened before January 1, 2019. On its website, first direct emphasises that the bank has the right to refuse someone’s application and withdraw an offer at any given time. As well as this, the bank has warned applicants for the account switch deal that high demand and postal service delays will mean it may take first direct up to seven days to respond. All potential customers are encouraged not to send a second application and only call the bank in an emergency. Once the current account switch is made, first direct will inform the customer’s old bank and make the arrangements to transfer financial information over to the new product. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Reena Sewraz, Which?’s money expert, broke down why this deal from first direct is beneficial to households amid the increase in the cost of living. She explained: “Many people are feeling financial pressure at the moment as high food, energy and fuel prices squeeze household budgets. “However, there are steps you can take that could help you make some extra cash this year. An easy way to earn up to £175 is by switching your bank account to a different provider. “You could also try something a bit different, such as renting out your car or driveway, signing up to be a mystery shopper, or selling belongings you no longer have use for.” On its website, first direct answers queries on behalf of customers as part of its Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) page. One of the questions directly addresses concerns people may have about how this deal could affect someone’s credit score. The bank states: “Providing you repay any outstanding overdraft on your previous account as required by your old bank or building society. “If there are any problems with payments as part of the switching process, we'll correct them and ensure your credit rating is not affected.”