LeBron James has been told he made a mistake by signing a new contract with the Los Angeles Lakers, as he's now backed himself into a corner with a struggling franchise. James is under contract for two years at the Crypto.com Arena. The 38-year-old megastar has long insisted he isn't going to retire any time soon, and wants to carry on playing until his son reaches the NBA, which will likely be in two years at least. James is heading towards breaking the NBA's all-time leading scorer record, and is expected to pass Karim Abdul-Jabbar this season at some point, considering he's only 484 points away. But despite his personal landmarks, the Lakers have been poor throughout the season and are unlikely to make the play-offs. And James has been told he made a huge mistake by agreeing to his new contract in the summer. The four-time NBA champion agreed to a no-trade clause in his contract, meaning the Lakers can't deal him no matter how bad things get in Los Angeles. And NBA expert Bill Simmons questioned why 'The King' would risk a year of his career like he has. Speaking on his self-titled podcast, Simmons queried: "Here's the part I don't understand, nobody has been able to explain this to me - why did LeBron sign the extension? Why? What was he thinking? What was the point in that? Why not keep your options open? "We already know LeBron is, like, a billionaire, we already know he loves to bet on himself and take things year to year... why sign an extension and make it impossible for the team to trade you if something goes wrong? "Do you realise how much more fun this season would be if LeBron was tradeable right now? How many teams would we be sending him to? How many times we'd be on the trade machine trying to make trades for him. "It's such a bummer, and I don't understand why he, a genius and one of the smartest NBA players we have, didn't look at this from a big picture standpoint and say "wow, Davis gets hurt a lot, if Davis gets hurt this year I'm f*****." But nope, he signs it."