When you light the fire, soot and other dirt is formed inside the stove. This produces deposits on your fireplace glass. The result is that you can hardly see the beautiful flames. So it is absolutely essential to clean the fireplace windows or the glass on the fireplace door on a regular basis. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how they successfully clean their log burner glass. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jan Pledger wrote: “How do you clean a wood burner stove’s glass windows that are heavily caked with soot? “Tried wood ash with wet newspaper as recommended, but this was not efficient enough.” Out of the 153 comments written on the post, many suggested using HG stove glass cleaner. Posting a picture of the cleaning solution, Rochelle Prince said: “Try this. I use it once a week with a sponge and then wipe it off with kitchen roll.” READ MORE: Banish ‘hard to remove’ tea cup stains with ‘no scrubbing’ Emma Cole commented: “Hold kitchen paper against stove glass. Spray kitchen paper with HG stove glass cleaner so that it sticks to glass. Leave 20 minutes, then wipe off. No scrubbing needed and works every time.” Jodie Harrison said: “HG stove glass cleaner will get anything off…any stubborn bits, just leave the foam on for only five minutes and then it will wipe with a cloth. It worked miracles on my stove glass.” Janet Oakes replied: “I tried all the ‘homemade’ remedies and then resorted to HG stove cleaner.” Sarah Crone suggested: “HG stove glass cleaner. Spray for five minutes and then wipe it off - it’s so easy.” DON'T MISS‘Problematic’ garden trends to ‘avoid’ or risk ‘dire consequences’ [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]Food leftovers to ‘never’ add to compost - will ‘attract vermin’ [COMMENT] Stacey Jones advised: “Go to a fireplace shop, they sell sprays for the glass such as HG stove glass spray. “Just spray it on and leave for a couple of minutes and wipe with kitchen roll. Great job, the only thing that works.” According to HG’s website their stove glass cleaner cleans any log burner window “quickly and easily”. They claimed: “Stove windows look like new with HG stove glass cleaner. The wood stove glass cleaner of HG is also suitable for removing minor soot deposits from bricks.” READ MORE: ‘Save time’ cleaning your air fryer with 'game-changing’ tip To use this spray, the surface that requires treatment must be cold, or barely warm, before starting the treatment. Spray the wood burner glass cleaner on the stove windows and leave the stove glass cleaner to work for three to five minutes and then wipe off with a damp sponge. Repeat the treatment where the windows are badly affected. The HG stove glass cleaner spray can be picked up from Amazon for £6.99 or from B&Q for £9. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested going down the natural route by using white vinegar and washing up liquid. Sarah Jennings said: “Hot water, white vinegar spray and a cloth with a bit of washing up liquid. If you put neat washing up liquid on the clean glass the soot will come off easily. Will stay cleaner longer.” Karen Drewery instructed: “Brush off loose soot off. Sponge cold glass with ordinary vinegar. Dry with kitchen towel. Even badly caked glass clears in minutes.” Jill Aston wrote: “White vinegar spray and then some ash if the stains are really stubborn.” Jenny Langley added: “Fairy liquid and white vinegar does an amazing job on wood burner glass.”