Stephen Dixon regularly appears on GB News alongside his co-star Anne Diamond. However, the presenter recently made an admission about his health, admitting his type one diabetes leaves him feeling exhausted. He explained that T1D often occurs early in life and requires constant measuring of blood glucose and many injections of insulin every day. Stephen admitted he would "be dead" within a number of days if he didn't have his insulin. And after being diagnosed at 17, he had to "face it head on." "I have determinedly not allowed it to get in my way," the presenter wrote for GB News. "I was advised to delay going to university for a year – no chance said I, and thank heavens for it. I wouldn’t be where I am now if I hadn’t done what I did at that specific time." READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger The GB News host even argued with the CEO of Diabetes UK in a bid to change their slogan, "Know Diabetes. Fight Diabetes." Each day, Stephen, like many other people with T1D, has to monitor his sugar levels and food intake. He explained eating a small chocolate bar, with no insulin, would increase his glucose levels to a "dangerously high level". To monitor his insulin intake, Stephen said: "I am very lucky to use an insulin pump, so that once I am all hooked up, the pump delivers those 480 squirts of insulin by itself, one every three minutes." He went on to add: "As much as I love the technology, as much as being T1D has given me a focus on health, has forced me to take a positive outlook. "As much as my specialists marvel at how well controlled I am and, to be honest, heap praise on me when I’m being checked out, 31 years in and I AM TIRED. "It is a constant drain. Always checking, always monitoring, always calculating. Sometimes it does just get you down." Stephen shared that he would love to eat what he wanted or exercise without thinking about the consequences. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen  [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Jamie Tate 'to return' as Gabby Thomas drops clue [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's death [REACTION]  Stephen's health admission sparked concern among GB News viewers and many took to social media to wish the presenter well. Emma Woolf shared: "Stephen I had no idea you were living with such a difficult condition, but what an inspiring and informative and important article. Thank you for sharing. Look forward to seeing you soon." (sic) Louise Allison penned: "Be kind to yourself. You’re allowed to feel down and rage against diabetes once in a while. As a nurse that deals with diabetics on a daily basis, your discipline and control is amazing! You’ve got this! Keep your chin up chuck." (sic) While Carol added: "Keep ur chin up we need you on our screens, xx." (sic) "Thank you for sharing diabetes whichever type is a hidden condition which is difficult at times to manage with a smile but you do it with ease even if you're not feeling your best," Jackie praised. Linda Goodey tweeted: "My son is also a type 1 diabetic and was also diagnosed at 17 yrs old. He went into denial at the beginning but he is now 37 and managing it ok. "He has too as he has two young boys. Hope you are back next weekend too xx." (sic) "Stephen, what an inspirational story," @sarahdiesel79 wrote before adding: "I know you have T1 diabetes and have to think about what you eat/drink although I never realised how tough your life was. I understand why you feel tired. Yet you are such an inspiration to people, hopefully, you can feel the positives x." Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs on Saturday from 6am on GB News.