Season 26 of Silent Witness will be coming to a close this evening (January 31) on BBC One at 9pm. The finale is titled Southbay Part two and sees an accused police offer in the line of fire and dissent in the ranks. The Lyell tram is going to unmask corruption and deceit on a local level with potentially deadly and wide-reaching consequences. Once the episode wraps up, audiences are curious to find out if there will be more from Silent Witness. There is indeed going to be a new series of Silent Witness after the BBC confirmed more from the crime drama. “Series 27 of Silent Witness is definitely in the pipeline,” a spokesperson for the BBC told Entertainment Daily. Express.co.uk has approached the BBC for further comment. READ MORE: Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim The news should come as no surprise given how popular Silent Witness has been through the years. Despite the departure of the main star Amanda Burton and other cast members, Silent Witness has remained a firm fixture on British screens. Season 27 is again expected to consist of 10 episodes, split into five stories and these cases are expected to air as double bills across two days. Silent Witness usually airs on Mondays and Tuesdays weekly. The new series is most likely to be premiering in January 2024 given the majority of previous outings have hit the screen at this time in the past. Actress Fox is going to be reprising her role and previously said about the prospect of stepping down: "I never expected to still be playing Nicki Alexander 18 years later, but I still love the show as much as when I first started on it.” She said if audiences still “love it” then “hopefully” it would continue to be made for the foreseeable future with her in the lead role. Her words suggest she has no plans to leave Silent Witness any time soon with her co-star David Caves also likely to return as Jack Hodgson. Season 26 saw two new cast members joining the show in the form of Aki Omoshaybi as Gabriel Folukoya, an academic, neurologist and pathologist who was mainly in research before joining the Lyell. Also coming into the Silent Witness fold was Alastair Michael as Velvy Schur, the Lyell’s new APT (Anatomical Pathology Technologist) trainee. Velvy got the approval of the esteemed Clarissa Mullery (Liz Carr), who recommended him and faced his own struggles after becoming part of the team. He recently left his ultra-Orthodox Jewish community and was trying to balance his career and his faith. DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [SPOILERS]My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss [PICTURES] Both Omoshaybi and Michael are expected to be coming back to the series again for season 27. Moreover, Jack’s niece Cara Connelly (Rhiannon May) could also be returning to the story - depending on how the season 26 finale wraps up. As always, Silent Witness will be having some guest cast members joining the series for various cases. Last year, Silent Witness celebrated its 25th anniversary with original lead forensic pathologist Burton coming back in a cameo role. Silent Witness season 26 concludes on BBC One tonight at 9pm