Millions of people who depend on state benefits like Universal Credit, PIP and Attenandance Allowance will receive more money from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) this year. Benefit payments will increase from April 10th to match inflation, but there will also be a number of cost of living payments made this year. There are the dates when people can expect payments.  Although inflation was down slightly last month from 10.7 to 10.5 percent, that will do little to cheer up millions of Britons who are still experiencing financial pressures. Many are struggling to pay energy bills which are around twice as much as they were this time last year and are having to cut back on the food shop as basic food staples now cost up to 30 percent more. However, millions of Britons are due financial help worth up to £1,350 in 2023 to help them pay rising bills during the cost of living crisis. People on means tested benefits will receive £900 in cost of living support payments this year, while some could be due a further £150 disability payment and an additional £300 if they qualify for the state pension. READ MORE: Thousands' of people missing out on pension credit     People on these DWP benefits should qualify for cost of living support payments of £900: DON'T MISSinflation rate in the UK drops to 10.5% [ALERT]State pension triple lock increase means 'better year' for older Brits [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis warns millions of cash ISA savers are being underpaid [WARNING]  What dates will cost of living payments be made? Everyone can expect £67 towards energy bills in January which is the fourth instalment of the £400 energy rebate, no matter what their income. Another £67 payment will be paid from energy firms in February and the sixth instalment in March, which will be the fifth and final part of the £400 energy rebate. All benefit payments will also rise in line with September's inflation figure of 10.1 percent from April 10 - the exact date will depend on someone's usual payment date.     The second instalment, of £300, of the cost of living payment for Britons on means-tested benefits will be paid in Autumn. The £300 pensioner cost of living payment will be made in winter 2023 to 2024 to pensioners on low incomes at the same time the Winter Fuel Payment is usually paid while a third cost-of-living payment of £299 will be made in spring 2024.  Meanwhile, a charity has said thousands of pensioners are still missing out on Pension Credit ‘worth £200 per week.' Anna Stevenson, from poverty charity Turn2Us, told the BBC's Rip Off Britain programme £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. She said: "We know that Pension Credit is really underclaimed - so, that's a top up benefit for people over pension age. "From April it'll be worth about £200 a week for a single person so if you're over 66 - it's well worth checking - you could be entitled to some Pension Credit."  