Kevin McCarthy once again will need to try to get 218 votes, the necessary number to emerge victorious. The Republican was able to tally 200 votes in the 11th round but the House was adjourned, ensuring the election drags on for a fourth day as Washington continues its impasse. McCarthy is the first candidate for Speaker in 100 years to need more than one round of voting, making this the longest Speaker contest in 164 years. The Congressman answered some questions from the media following the historic loss in which he joked, “apparently I like to make history”. McCarthy responded to questions about the deadline of the lengthy process, saying: “I’m not putting any timeline on it. “I just think we’ve got some progress going on, we’ve got members talking, I think we’ve got a little movement, so we’ll see.” The Californian Representative made a number of last-ditch attempts to clinch the last few votes needed. However, 20 Republicans repeatedly voted against him. McCarthy was asked if he has concerns that there may be over four Republicans who will never vote for him, to which he replied in the negative. “No, I think we’ll get there. We made good progress today,” he said. McCarthy added: “This is a new thought that we are going to have to have. READ MORE: Trump allies call 'b******t' as rivals blame ex-POTUS for Speaker woes “We have a five-seat majority so it’s not one side is going to get more than the other, it’s the entire conference is going to have to learn how to work together. “So, it’s better that we go through this process right now so we can achieve the things we want to achieve for the American public, what our commitment was. “So, if this takes a little longer, and it doesn’t meet your deadline, that’s okay because it’s not how you start it’s how you finish. If we finish well, we will be very successful.” The GOP member has refused calls for him to step down to make room for another Republican. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry blasted by US media for 'whine tour' . (REVEAL)Tories could turn things around with 'President Rishi' strategy  (INSIGHT)China threatens retaliation over 'unacceptable' travel restrictions (INSIGHT) Meanwhile, the Democrats are reluctant to the idea of backing McCarthy or working with the GOP to find a different Speaker. A new round of voting in the lower chamber of Congress will resume at noon on Friday. The lower chamber must choose a Speaker before the House can begin moving legislation.