Arsenal could seemingly find it difficult to strike a deal to land Brighton wantaway Leandro Trossard between now and the end of the January transfer window. The Gunners are reportedly on the lookout for a new wide forward after seeing top target Mykhaylo Mudryk poached by Chelsea, who trumped Arsenal's bid of around £62million with a money-spinning £88m proposal over the weekend. A number of high-profile names have since been mentioned in connection with the north Londoners including Trossard, who recently fell out with Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi and was not included in the squad that beat Liverpool on Saturday afternoon. The Independent have reported that Trossard's services have already been offered to Arsenal, although Brighton's stance on the player's future could see the Gunners denied in yet another blow to their January transfer plans.Any invitation for Arsenal to move for Trossard is likely to have been instigated by the player's entourage rather than the Seagulls, who appear to be keen on resolving his current situation at the Amex Stadium as opposed to selling up. De Zerbi insisted on Saturday that he was looking to keep hold of Trossard, who was seen leaving the UK via the Eurotunnel after being told he would not be involved against Liverpool.When asked if Trossard had been given permission to travel, the Brighton manager said: "Yes, but I wanted to answer clearly about Leo. I am sorry for this situation, I think I didn't make a mistake with him. JUST IN: Arsenal and Spurs assisting Met Police after fan kicks Aaron Ramsdale "The people who work inside of Brighton know very well the situation. I am fine with myself. I am open to waiting for him because he's a good guy, he's a very good player for us, a very important player."I don't want him to change team, but he has to understand that he has to work with my attitude and in my way because I am the coach and I decide the rules inside of the dressing room." De Zerbi's comments suggest that Arsenal could face a tricky task in negotiating a move for Trossard, who remains contracted until the summer of 2024 as things stand, if Brighton hold firm in their desire to keep hold of the winger for the foreseeable future. The man himself and his representatives might be hoping for things to go differently, though, after his agent Josy Comhair issued a damning statement last week condemning the way Trossard has been treated in east Sussex.It reads: "A manager who has not communicated directly with his player for four weeks is really incomprehensible. It is also the manager who has indicated several times that a transfer is the most convenient solution."It is therefore important that Brighton cooperates with a potential transfer during this transfer period and shows a benevolent attitude, which is beneficial to both parties." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.