A savvy Sainsbury's customer has shared the tip that helped her slash her weekly food bill from £49 to a staggering £3.50. When Leia Winch found herself in £8,000 of debt, she knew she had to take action to reduce her bills as much as possible. Leia shared her advice with others looking to lower their grocery bills, the Manchester Evening News reports. Her first piece of advice was an obvious one and something which won't come as breaking news to anybody. She looked for yellow sticker items. However, she managed to slash her weekly Sainsbury's shop by using a different technique altogether. Leia explained how she had used supermarket loyalty schemes to collect points. She then transferred these into coupons or vouchers, and was able to make a whopping saving on her weekly shop: "I managed to get the weekly shop from Sainsbury's for just £3.58 reduced from £48.58, as I used some of the points I’d saved up and converted them to vouchers, and got a lot of reduced foods including meats, ready meals, and vegetables.” She also shops around different stores when they are offering deals. She recently managed to do a small food shop in the conventionally more expensive supermarket Co-op for £4.28 instead of £22.40. Another one of Leia’s tricks is to use cashback sites, as these offers usually give you some money back when you are shopping. However, you do need to spend the money first. You then get reimbursed either a set amount or a percentage off your shopping.  Leia’s final money-making tip is to take part in online surveys. They do vary, but typically the surveys take Leia between five to 10 minutes, and pay out between 25p - 40p, although you can sometimes get more. Leia added: “With the cashback apps and survey sites, I tend to get a lot of free items, like four bottles of shampoo from Boots, or big bags of dog food, which I gave to friends and family. “I’ve also managed to get four free jars of coffee, which actually costs £5.50 per tin in store.” Leia said even with her frugal lifestyle she hasn’t had to sacrifice her lifestyle. She finds alternative ways of doing the things she enjoys, and usually takes advantage of two-for-one cinema offers and takeaway deals. With the money she has saved, Leia now hopes to buy the flat she currently rents with her partner. She added: “I’m aiming to be mortgage-free by retirement age, as well as having a hefty sum of more savings to be comfortable for retirement, as I don’t think a state pension will cover it anymore. 