Prince Harry has disclosed brotherly nicknames that he and Prince William had for each other while detailing explosive new claims from his memoir. In the claim, that was revealed by the Guardian, Harry says he was physically attacked by his elder brother. As he details the alleged fight, Harry refers to his brother as "Willy". While he claims William calls him "Harold" during the exchange. During a heated confrontation at his London home in 2019, Harry claims that William described his wife, Meghan Markle as "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". The confrontation between the two brothers then reportedly escalatesd. According to the Guardian, Harry wrote: "[William] grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and... knocked me to the floor". Harry claimed that the resulted in visible injury. Harry wrote, according to the newspaper: "I landed on the dogs bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me". Harry claimed that William had wanted to meet to talk about "the whole rolling catastrophe" of their collapsing relationship and struggles with the press, and deemed, before the alledged attack, that William was already "piping hot". READ MORE: Harry reveals his father's desperate plea as he 'stood between warring sons' William had reportedly complained about Meghan, to which Harry replied that he was just repeating the press narrative. This led to the confrontation. Harry then reportedly accused his brother of acting like an heir because he was unable to understand why Harry was not content in being a spare. After insults were exchanged, William claimed that he was trying to help. Harry writes that he responded with: "Are you serious? Help me? Sorry - is that what you call this? Helping me?". This comment, as Harry writes, angered William. Harry writes that he then went to the kitchen, and his brother followed, claiming that he told William, referring to him as 'Willy', that he "can't speak to you when you're like this". He added that the alleged attack happened "so very fast" and that after William returned, having left, looking "regretful... and apologised". READ MORE: 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry 'making millions' from him Wiilliam reportedly told Harry that he "doesn't need to tell Meg about this", to which Harry replied, "you mean that you attacked me?". William responded by saying: "I didn't attack you, Harold". Harry added that he didn't immediately tell Meghan, although she did later notice "scrapes and bruises" on his back. Harry claimed she "wasn't surprised" but was "terribly sad". DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] Alongside the release of Spare, Harry has taken part in not one, but two, interviews, both of which will air on Sunday, January 8. One of the interviews is for ITV and the other is for the American network, CBS, on 60 Minutes. Harry's book will be available worldwide in 16 languages, and an audio version will be available on the same day and read by Harry himself. Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.