Anyone who fancies treating themselves to a new tablet on a budget might want to take a trip to Amazon. The online retailer is currently running a limited-time offer on the Nokia T10 with this iPad-style device now costing under £100. For that low price, you'll get a tablet that includes an 8-inch HD screen, long battery life and a single rear camera that shoots both images and video. The T10 should also survive life in your bag thanks to a toughened polycarbonate shell and three years of guaranteed security updates. The screen can be unlocked using your face and Mask Mode means this tech even works when wearing a covering over your mouth. Nokia has also included the ability to use a second screen with this T10 tablet so you can pair it with your Windows PC. If that all sounds enticing then you can find the deal here. However, before you rush to hit the buy button it's worth noting that Apple could release one of the biggest-ever upgrades to its iPad range this year. Rumours are rife that the US technology firm is planning to release some new tablets that might feature the largest screens to date. According to a report from MacRumors, it appears that Apple fans will be treated to two new Pro devices that will feature bigger 11.1-inch and 13-inch panels. These could replace the current 11-inch and 12.9-inch models that are available in stores today. It's thought that the overall size of the device will stay the same with Apple slimming down the bezels that surround the screens to create those larger displays. Of course, Apple always stays tight-lipped about its upcoming releases and there's no word on when these new iPads might actually be unveiled. One thing that is pretty certain is that it's unlikely we'll see any new Pro tablets revealed until at least the end of 2023 and maybe early 2024. Apple has only just launched new Pro tablets which now feature the mighty M2 processor. That makes them as fast as some MacBook Pro laptops and fully capable of editing 8K video and high-resolution images on the move. Express.co.uk recently took a look at Apple's latest tablets and here is our iPad Pro 2022 review.