Manchester United have been handed encouragement in their reported desire to sign Marco Asensio this year. A transfer deadline day swoop seems unlikely, but United could secure his services ahead of this summer as contract talks with Real Madrid continue to stall. Erik ten Hag is understood to be eyeing attacking reinforcements at the end of his first season as manager. Though they are likely to be in the form of a new striker, he could also be tempted to recruit another right-winger to provide competition for Antony. Asensio's versatility could attract Ten Hag, given he could also offer much-needed cover for Bruno Fernandes in attacking midfield. And his recent antics indicate that he may be open to leaving Real on a free transfer if an enticing proposition emerges. According to Relevo, Paris Saint-Germain showed interest in Asensio before targeting Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech for a winter deal. The 27-year-old was willing to consider a switch to PSG and even referred their interest to Real to see if any movement could be made. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE However, the European champions rejected the interest as they remain committed to tying Asensio down to a contract extension. He has also confirmed he would like to stay at the Santiago Bernabeu, but assurances over his role and wages are proving to be a major sticking point in contract negotiations. If United's interest is concrete, they could have taken notes of Asensio shining a light on PSG's desire and make a similar move. Real's relationship with the Ligue 1 giants is fragile after last summer's Kylian Mbappe saga, but their response could be different to United. DON'T MISS: Sabitzer speaks out as he’s filmed entering airport for Man Utd move  That said, there seems to be a widespread intention to reach an agreement over a fresh deal, leaving a nearby transfer to Old Trafford unlikely. It can almost certainly be ruled out this evening, with mere hours left until the clock strikes 11pm and the deadline is passed. But United are set to be active after agreeing a loan deal with Bayern Munich for midfielder Marcel Sabitzer. The 28-year-old will join on a straight loan, without the option to buy, to replace the injured Christian Eriksen, who is expected to be sidelined until late April at the earliest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here