Households are currently experiencing a cost of living crisis, partially caused by rising energy bills, and the increasing threat of climate change. With gas and electricity costs soaring by 27 percent since October 2022 due to pressures on the wholesale energy market, experts are calling for more green-friendly alternatives to bring down costs long-term and protect the environment. One of the options being considered is replacing gas boilers with devices, such as heat pumps. The recommendation for the replacement of gas boilers with alternative technologies came as part of the Government’s Net Zero Review. Some 95 percent of households in the UK have central heating systems, with 78 percent of those systems relying on gas boilers to heat their home. However, with the Government’s move to a Net Zero economy and growing concerns over the impact of climate change, traditional gas boilers appear to be on the way out. Former Prime Minister Liz Truss commissioned a study into the move to environmentally-friendly energy technologies which determined a gas boiler ban by 2040 may be necessary. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come While gas boilers are widely accepted as a cost-effective energy measure, it is also one that leads to high carbon emissions. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ben Dhesi, the creator of the energy-saving mobile app HUGO, broke down why a gas boiler ban may be likely as a result of this. He explained: “This is why the proposed gas boiler plan was drafted, with the hopes it will help the UK meet its goal of having net-zero emissions by 2050. “While this ban will currently only apply to newbuild houses, not pre-existing ones, there are concerns about what this will mean for the average household financially, especially if this ban eventually expands to all homes. “If gas boilers are banned, this means many households would likely need to transition to alternative forms of heating, such as electric heat pumps.” One of the most popular “green” energy alternatives, heat pumps warm a building by transferring thermal energy from outside into circulating around a heating and hot water system. Mr Dhesi explained: “This makes them a far more environmentally friendly option, but, unlike a gas boiler, the cost of installing these systems can be quite high. “Some households may struggle to afford the initial investment, especially after a difficult few years with the current financial crisis. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “While heat pumps are arguably more versatile than gas boilers, being able to both heat and cool homes, more powerful heat pumps that can service the average home cost anything upwards of £1,000, as well as added installation fees. “On top of this, heat pumps require a large amount of electricity, and electric prices are likely to rise even higher. “This could lead to higher energy bills for some households, with electricity currency three times the cost of gas. “While heat pumps may be a good option for households in certain areas and circumstances, they will likely not be affordable for all households. “Unless the Government provides financial incentives or subsidies to help homeowners afford the cost of installing them.” Fortunately, there is financial assistance to help cover the installation costs for heat pumps thanks to the Boiler Upgrade Scheme. A £5,000 grant is available for the cost and installation of an air source heat pump, while another £5,000 sum is awarded for the price and installation of a biomass boiler. Furthermore, families can get £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump, including water source heat pumps, through the scheme.