The BBC was plagued by awkward sexual noises at the beginning of their coverage of the FA Cup replay between Wolves and Liverpool at Molineux on Tuesday. Gary Lineker somehow kept it together and worked through the sounds as they continued to be heard in the background. Lineker and his studio guests Paul Ince and Danny Murphy carried on professionally despite the clear distraction, as the sound of a female orgasm boomed out repeatedly. A prank was clearly being played and the pornographic noises played on multiple occasions, causing much embarrassment for the presenters. Lineker first thought the noise must have been coming from one of Ince or Murphy's phones. The Match of the Day presenter cut to Shearer on the commentary gantry as the noise was first heard. He said: "I don't know who's making that noise but Alan Shearer is on the commentary gantry alongside Steve Bower. "Alan, it's toasty in this studio, it's a bit noisy as well. Somebody's sending something on someone's phone I think, is joking. I don't know whether you heard it at home." We did indeed hear it at home, Gary. It came across loud and clear and was the same noise that has been used as a prank on social media in recent years. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Both the former England strikers struggled to keep a straight face as they attempted to talk about the match. There was brief respite for the trio in the studio before the noise would again start playing. Lineker joked it was Murphy's phone going off. He said: "Will you stop making those noises Danny?" The BBC cut to a pre-match interview with Wolves boss Julen Lopetegui. But the noises resumed as they went back to their pre-match build-up in the studio. The drama didn't stop there as the floodlights briefly went out at the beginning of the match, as well as VAR dropping out. Shearer joked about both incidents, commenting: "Floodlights going off, Danny Murphy's phone going off in the studio, what else can happen?"  Lineker has since revealed the source of the noise. Unbeknown to the pundits, a phone had been taped to the back of the BBC set at Molineux. Lineker posted a picture of the device on Twitter. He wrote: "Well, we found this taped to the back of the set. As sabotage goes it was quite amusing," followed by three laughing face emojis. Specsavers replied to Lineker's tweet, joking the prank was by a rival of his long-term partners Walkers. Spescavers wrote: "Someone from McCoy’s maybe." The BBC first addressed the awkward mishap via their live blog made reference to the incident. A post read: "I'm just glad they've left the coverage from the studio," followed by three stunned face emojis. Later, an official BBC spokesperson said: "We apologise to any viewers offended during the live coverage of the football this evening. We are investigating how this happened." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 