There is "little evidence" of unnamed palace sources seeking to attack Prince Harry since his memoir was released, according to a leading US news website. Journalists across the pond are observing reaction to the Duke's recent high-profile interviews and the publication of his autobiography Spare. Particular attention is being paid to whether potentially troublesome accounts have emerged from royal insiders. Of the response in the UK, analysis by CNN notes: "The reality is not quite as black and white. Certainly, multiple British newspapers are still running frequent follow-up headlines using sound-bites from commentators. "But there appears little evidence of a coordinated effort from an army of unnamed palace sources, as Harry has asserted, to debunk his grievances. And, of course, there continues to be radio silence from the palace whenever the book is raised." It follows Harry, 38, being asked by Stephen Colbert: "Do you think right now there is an active campaign by the rest of your family, by the Royal House as it were, to undermine this book and you?" To which the Duke of Sussex responded: "Yes, of course, and mainly by the British press..."       Asked again if it was “aided and abetted by the palace”, Harry replied: “Yes, again, of course. This is the other side of the story, right? After 38 years, they have told their side of the story. This is the other side of the story.” Spare is the fastest selling non-fiction book ever, with 1.43 million copies bought in the UK, US and Canada alone on the day of its release, January 10. Harry has also said he wants an apology from the Royal Family over the way he feels they treated him and his wife, Meghan Markle, but the Palace has made no statements. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face US fury as Americans 'fed up with attacks'  Instead, they have been continuing with royal duties as normal. King Charles laughed with members of the public on January 12 at a local community space aiming to combat rural loneliness. On the same day, William and Kate were all smiles as they visited the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital and the mental health charity Open Door in Merseyside, north England. When asked by a member of the public if they were "hurt by the comments in Harry's book", they didn't answer.     The following week, Prince William visited the London hub of Depaul UK, an organisation supporting young people experiencing homelessness or insecure housing. Kate, the Princess of Wales also appeared in high spirits as she hosted a reception for England's wheelchair rugby league team at Hampton Court Palace.   