Wrexham A.F.C. owner Rob McElhenney sent fans of the Welsh club an update on the construction being completed on their iconic Racecourse Ground stadium.  The American actor took to social media to write an emotional message hoping for good fortune for the Red Dragons as they seek promotion back into the Football League. Wrexham have begun work demolishing part of the Racecourse, with the Kop stand set to be replaced by new seating that will add approximately 5,500 seats to the capacity. Plans were approved back in November. McElhenney took to Twitter to share an update for Wrexham fans, posting a photo of the demolished stand with a rainbow above it alongside a caption that read: “Goodbye old girl. You will not be forgotten. Hopefully that’s promotion at the end of your rainbow :)” On Tuesday, Wrexham hosted Notts County - the league leaders - and they snatched all three points with a 2-1 win to close the gap. Wrexham remain three points behind but have two games in hand on the Magpies at the top of the National League. READ MORE: Community service... how Ryan Reynolds fell in love with Wrexham The crucial victory was still watched by an attendance of 9,807, which was technically a sell-out considering the alterations taking place around the Racecourse. The ground’s traditional capacity is around 10,000 but the new stand will see that boosted to 15,500 on matchdays. Wrexham have reportedly been looking to replace the dilapidated Kop stand for some time now with the fans also keen for an update. Along with housing Wrexham, the Racecourse will also attempt to host Wales national team matches. DON'T MISSHollywood stars' Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney hopes for Wrexham FCRyan Reynolds says wife Blake Lively hated Wrexham AFC takeoverRyan Reynolds gifts Rob McElhenney personalised urinal at Wrexham Co-chairman’s McElhenney and partner Ryan Reynolds were able to secure the renovations and get work underway. In joint statement back in November, the duo said: “The derelict state of the Kop, has long been an eyesore and we hope that by the start of the 2024/25 season, it will be brought back into use, with another 5,500 fans able to watch games live, as well as providing a superb backdrop for those watching on TV.” Reynolds and McElhenney purchased Wrexham for $2.76 million back in 2020 and deserve credit for their efforts to ingratiate themselves within the local community. The duo have become symbols of Welsh football around the world with the publicity they have bought to the club and the area. This past year, a documentary was released on their journey entitled 'Welcome to Wrexham' - which has since been rebooted for a second season. McElhenney and Reynolds even sent a message of encouragement to Wales ahead of their first FIFA World Cup since 1958 in Qatar.