Royal Mail has asked customers to not send items abroad until "further notice" following a cyber attack. The company said it continues to experience "severe service disruption" following a "cyber incident" - however, the group has not provided further details on the issue. In a statement, Royal Mail said: "To support faster recovery when our service is restored and to prevent a build-up of export items in our network, we're asking customers not to post international items until further notice. "Items that have already been dispatched may be subject to delays." The company first announced it had been affected by a cyber attack last week and said it was facing "severe service disruption" to its international export services. In its statement, Royal Mail said it was temporarily unable to despatch export items, including letters and parcels to overseas destinations. More to follow... People were told last week to avoid sending any items overseas while the problem is still being dealt with. It was described as a "cyber incident" rather than an attack as the gorup had not yet got to the bottom of the issue. In the same statement, they also announced they had "immediately" launched an investigation into the matter and were working with external partners. It was later reported that the attack was perpetrated by a "ransomware gang" with close links to Russia. The Telegraph reported that printers at the Northern Irish Royal Mail distribution centre had begun "spurting" out copies of a ransom note. The ransom note has been reported by the Telegraph as saying: ""Lockbit Black Ransomware. Your data are [sic] stolen and encrypted. "You can contact us and decrypt one file for free."  The ransom group has also reportedly threatened to publish stolen data on the dark web. Royal Mail declined to comment on this at the time of the report. With Royal Mail asking customers to not send items using the overseas delivery service for the "foreseeable," it is unclear how long the disruption will go on.