Your Majesty As your humble subject, I write this in truth and sincerity, drawing your attention to matters of great relevance to me and many millions of your other loyal subjects. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex is a matter of great delicacy and indeed sensitivity. I beg your kind indulgence in allowing me to present my thoughts to you. I think I can honestly say that the controversy of recently articulated sentiments made by both the Duke and Duchess are as painful for me and many others as they are to you personally, Sir. I cannot begin to imagine what this must be like for you and your family, our royal family. To endure a constant barrage of insults, distortions, and outright falsehoods, even making allowance for variance in recollection as Her late Majesty the Queen observed, must be an almost unbearable burden. We are only human after all, not immune from the hurt and anguish caused by spite and other forms of emotional trauma inflicted upon us by others. I am personally deeply offended at the unsavoury distortions and factually deficient comments and statements made by both the Duke and Duchess. Common sense tells me that the motives for these appalling attacks are entirely selfish and opportunistic in nature. In my experience of having met and interacted with people from all over the world I have learned that human beings never do anything without a reason, regardless of how twisted or devoid of logic those reasons might be. I feel sure that this must be true of you too, Sir. Any one of us from this country who grew up in the finest of British traditions know instinctively what our monarchy and our royal family mean to us. It is the very essence of what makes us unique, what defined our past, and what will chart our path in the future. There are those of course who vehemently disagree with this characterisation, yet our monarch and our royal family embrace all of us regardless. The poignancy of our late Queen meeting individuals who were perhaps directly, or certainly indirectly, responsible for the deaths of dearly loved and cherished members of her family spring to mind. I refer of course to the late Lord Mountbatten especially, a stalwart and mighty warrior on whose shoulders rested immense responsibilities throughout his life. One recalls the great dignity and calm demeanour of Her Majesty, which must have been so extraordinarily difficult in such raw personal circumstances. It must be similarly traumatising in many ways for you when duty calls upon you to engage in the same way with people who you would ordinarily avoid. It must be no less hurtful to suffer the emotional assault by your youngest son and his wife, driven by their entirely erratic and selfish logic. But your position as our King demands that you remain well above this no matter how painful it is. If it is any consolation, Sir, most of us feel the same pain, we feel aggrieved, we feel outraged with and for you. We feel this because we know in our hearts what is motivating this. That you wish to heal the wounds and bridge the divide is perfectly understandable. For myself I would truly wish that this can be, so I pray for that as fervently as I possibly can. However, no matter how much any of us would wish for nothing less than unity and happiness for all in our royal family, we must regrettably see reality for what it is. The coronation of our new King must focus on the well-being of the country, the wider commonwealth, and its people, and what this occasion signals for our future. We do not need a distraction created only for commercial gain and one-upmanship, fuelled by entirely misplaced bitterness and rancour. As regrettable and indeed as painful as it will undoubtedly be I respectfully suggest that the right decision to take is not difficult to see. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex should not be rewarded for their betrayal of trust and loyalty to you as our King, nor to the institution in whose name you so faithfully and unconditionally serve. God Bless you, Sir. Long Live the King. Your loyal and obedient subject, Christopher Smithers.