Dreaming of a beach holiday in Portugal? There could be the perfect budget staycation alternative. According to Willerby, Durdle Door in Dorset is the perfect British answer to any cravings for Portugal. A spokesperson said: “This 95 mile long stretch of Jurassic coastline, officially designated as a World Heritage Site in 2001, is an astounding treasure trove with its characteristic arch. The beach mimics one a few thousand miles south in Portugal.” Ponta de Piedade, in Lagos Portugal, has a dramatic coastline consisting of hidden grottos and rock arches just like the one in Durdle Door. Perhaps Dorset’s most iconic landmark, Durdle Door forms part of the Jurassic Coast World Heritage site. READ MORE: Cruise guest mortified by passenger’s buffet behaviour The magnificent arch is formed from limestone and was created when waves eroded the rock, pushing a hole through the middle. Tourists can admire the incredible landmark from the cliffs or head down to the beach beside the arch. Visitors will need to wear appropriate footwear and stick to the path because it can be dangerous. People should never attempt to climb on Durdle Door or jump from it as there have been several accidents in the area. Nearby Lulworth Cove is another top Dorset destination and the perfect place to grab an ice-cream. The world famous beach is known for its unique geology and is a short walk from Durdle Door. Dorset is generally a cheaper beach destination than Cornwall and Devon and has a stunning coastline. On a staycation in the region, tourists could head to National Trust owned Studland Bay, a gorgeous sandy beach. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares ‘amazing first day’ tip Studland Bay has four miles of unspoiled coastline and during the summer tourists can rent pedalos or head out on a kayak. The beach also has a designated naturist area for tourists who fancy getting a little closer to nature. A top bird watching spot, lucky visitors might catch a glimpse of the nightjar or the Dartford warbler. The beach has a pay and display car park and is also reachable on foot from Bournemouth and Poole via the Sandbanks chain ferry. In the evening, tourists could head to Weymouth or Swanage to enjoy some traditional fish and chips. According to Willard’s research, the Maldives is the dream destination for the majority of British tourists. The team suggest a trip to the beautiful Isles of Scilly, off the coast of Cornwall, for a budget alternative. The gorgeous islands are a Royal favourite and the Prince and Princess of Wales have holidayed there with their family.