Princess Diana's former therapist has claimed "all families fight" amid the release of Prince Harry's Megxit memoir 'Spare'. Julia Samuel, who was also one of the late Princess' closest friends, shared her thoughts on her Instagram account. The remarks come after the Duke of Sussex took aim at several members of the Royal Family in his new book, including step-mother Queen Camilla and brother Prince William. Ms Samuel said: "We all have a story of love and loss and joy and pain and that within every family where we love most we hate most and make our deepest mistakes. "And that there is no such thing as a perfect family, that all families operate on a spectrum of functional and dysfunctional depending on the internal and external pressures." She added: "Often when there is a death in a family at the heart of fracture and heartbreak in families is the person they love and then this fight for the limited resources of love as they experience them at the time, and that can cause huge fights. JUST IN: ‘A dish fit for a king’ saw Prince William given extra sausage in blow to ‘spare’ Harry   "None of us are immune from these fights." Ms Samuel established a close relationship with Harry's late mother in the 1980s. The pair "clicked" and would go on lunch and gym dates, the Telegraph has claimed. She would continue to forge a close relationship with the Firm following Diana's death. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate Middleton travel to Athens for Greek King Constantine's funeral   Prince William asked her to be godmother to future monarch Prince George. Speaking about her role as George's godmother, Ms Samuel told the Observer: "Well, I feel lucky I was such a good friend of Princess Diana. "And I really love my godson, George. And it's a lovely way of loving her." Ms Samuel has focused on bereavement during her work, according to the Telegraph.  DON'T MISS:Iranian backed terror groups remain a threat to all Europe [LATEST]Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's titles 'have to be taken'  [REVEAL]   She heads up the Child Bereavement Charity and said she "felt angry" after Diana's death. However, while she revealed she has also been involved in family disputes, she said they "remained private, because none of us want those worst parts of ourselves to be exposed". 