Dubai is growing in popularity as a tourist destination and a new relaxation in alcohol rules could boost its position with Britons. The Middle Eastern country is ditching its 30 percent alcohol tax. Dubai will also stop charging for personal alcohol licences in a move likely to be welcomed by British expats. Residents who want to drink at home in Dubai have to have a personal alcohol licence to do so. The move is thought to be part of a plan by Dubai authorities to boost tourism among the Western market. It is not yet clear whether the change will be permanent as it has been reported as a one-year trial. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares 'new horizon' budget holiday destination for 2023 Antonio Fellino, managing director at Travel Republic, said: “This is great news for travellers who are looking to visit Dubai, as holiday prices will become cheaper, as costs for hotels and accommodation providers will fall. “Prices on all-inclusive holidays, which are generally proving really popular this year and particularly to destinations such as Dubai, will also become competitive and therefore more affordable for all. “It’s a very welcome move by Dubai and I am sure that the UK market will react favourably as consumers are looking for exceptional value for their holidays this year, and to be able to purchase alcohol and enjoy a drink more cheaply will be a bonus.” Antonio added that Dubai was Travel Republic’s second most booked destination in 2022 with bookings up on 2021 figures. Maritime and Mercantile International (MMI), one of Dubai’s biggest alcohol retailers, posted on Instagram: “Buying your favourite drinks is now easier and cheaper than ever.” Tourists will find the price of alcohol far less expensive on holidays to Dubai which could boost holiday sales. Expats outnumber local residents by nine to one in Dubai and the destination is known as the Middle East’s “party capital”. Non-Muslim residents in Dubai must be at least 21 to drink, transport or store alcohol and will need to have an alcohol licence. READ MORE: Hotel staff share cleaning warning - 'aren't washed' The destination is popular with tourists looking for a beach holiday with excellent shopping and entertainment. Dubai is also boosting its cultural credentials and has launched several new museums to display its history. Some football fans chose to stay in Dubai and travel to Qatar to watch the games at the 2022 World Cup. Dubai is also known for record breaking and is home to the tallest ferris wheel in the world, the Ain Dubai. Full rules and advice available here.