Tottenham have decided that their two next signings will be a right wing-back and a forward, with the club 'ready to back' manager Antonio Conte. Spurs are currently sitting in fifth place in the Premier League and are looking to recruit players that can provide a creative spark in the final third. Conte has been vocal about how he must be realistic with what his Tottenham troops can achieve this season, hinting that he requires further reinforcements until he is happy to label the club as title contenders. However, for now, more realistic achievements include finishing in the top four and winning a cup competition. Tottenham were able to grind out results in the opening half of the season, though they have struggled of late and lacked the dominance one would expect from a top side. Therefore, the higher powers at north London appear to have greenlighted plans to welcome a flurry of new arrivals to ensure that the second half of the campaign is successful. According to Sky Sports, Tottenham want to add another right wing-back to their squad as well as another forward option. It is well reported that Conte is not content with his options on the right side of defence, with summer signing Djed Spence being overlooked. Emerson Royale and Matt Doherty have both also failed to convince Conte, and either of the pair could be offloaded to make way for a new recruit. Sporting star Pedro Porro is Spurs’ main target to fulfil this role, with his club only willing to part ways with the Spaniard if his £40million release clause is met. Kyle Walker-Peters has also emerged as an alternative target, as well as Lyon star Malo Gusto. Unfortunately for Spurs, Chelsea are also shopping in the same market as them and the aforementioned duo are on their shortlist of targets too. As for forwards, Brighton’s Leandro Trossard has emerged as a target following his impressive start to the season on the south coast. The Belgium international struggled for minutes at the Qatar World Cup and has returned to the Premier League looking like a shadow of his former self, sparking speculation that his head is elsewhere. Seagulls manager Roberto De Zerbi also weighed in on the conversation by revealing that Trossard would not return to his starting eleven unless he believed he was giving 100%. It remains to be seen whether Spurs push to sign the former Genk star before the end of the month or wait until the summer, with Newcastle and Arsenal also keeping tabs on his situation.