Queen Elizabeth II has been voted as Express.co.uk Royal of the Year 2022 in a recent poll of readers. Despite her death, Her Majesty won 39 percent of the vote, with readers praising her “unfailing dedication”. The late monarch beat Kate, Princess of Wales, Prince William and Princess Anne to the title. In a poll that ran from 6am on Saturday, December 31, to 8.30am on Thursday, January 5, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Who was your favourite royal of 2022?” Overall, 10,154 votes were cast as readers chose from a list of 13 royals including the Monarch, senior royals, children, and wider family who all had an impact in the Firm last year. The Queen received 3,952 votes, 20 percent ahead of her closest royal competitor, the Princess of Wales, who won 19 percent (1,926 people). This was followed by her husband William with 13 percent (1,295 people) and closely behind the Princess RoyaI finished with 12 percent (1,203 people). King Charles III received five percent of the vote (524 people) while other royals, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, the Wales' children, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle each received less. READ MORE: The 7 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews Her Majesty won over readers after a historic year for the Royal Family, which saw the nation celebrate her 70 years on the throne, and lifetime of service following her death. In June, Britiain honoured the longest-serving monarch with a weekend of Platinum Jubilee festivities holding street parties and enjoying the royal pageantry. The Queen also made two appearances on the famous Buckingham Palace balcony during the celebrations. Three months later the nation mourned her loss aged 96. Following a 10-day period of national mourning, the world watched Her Majesty’s state funeral on September 19. On her 21st birthday, then-Princess Elizabeth dedicated herself to the service of the Empire, taking to the throne years later, aged 25. Her Majesty was a much-loved figurehead and helped guide the nation through troubled times. The couple carried out several engagements in 2022, stepping up to support elder members of the Firm, and are widely regarded as the face of the modern monarchy. They also travelled abroad on a week-long tour of the Caribbean to mark the Platinum Jubilee and visited Boston for the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony last month. In his first address to the nation since ascending the throne, the King gave William and Kate the Prince and Princess of Wales titles, reigniting a constitutional and political debate. Charles said: “With Catherine beside him, our new Prince and Princess of Wales will, I know, continue to inspire and lead our national conversations, helping to bring the marginal to the centre ground where vital help can be given.” The couple also relocated to Windsor with the three children – Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis four. The youngsters joined their parents at more events throughout the year, much to the delight of royal fans. The late Queen’s daughter is known for her dedication to royal duties, retaining the accolade as the hardest-working royal of the year, conducting 214 engagements in 2022, according to research by SEO company Reboot Online. Alongside representing the Firm across the Commonwealth, Anne joined Kate for their first-ever joint engagement, took the reins at the Trooping the Colour, became the first female royal to take part in the vigil of the princes, and became a Counsellor of State. However, one of the most memorable moments of the year came when Anne accompanied her mother on her final journey from Balmoral to London. Speaking of the experience, she said: “I was fortunate to share the last 24 hours of my dearest mother's life. It has been an honour and a privilege to accompany her on her final journeys.” Anne continued: “Witnessing the love and respect shown by so many on these journeys has been both humbling and uplifting. We will all share unique memories. I offer my thanks to each and every one who shares our sense of loss.” DON'T MISS: This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [INSIGHT]History of Prince Harry and Princess Anne's relationship [ANALYSIS]Harry is monetizing his father's pain with this dreadful book [LATEST] Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on who they thought deserved the title of royal of the year. Many readers supported the Queen in their comments, with username TarquinFarquar writing: “It has to be the late Her Majesty the Queen. We will never see another like her again.” Username ambergirl said: “HM Queen Elizabeth II for her unfailing dedication to carrying out her duties even when close to death. Her life of service to the Country and Commonwealth has been exemplary, she was a role model for all.” And username mgettinghcdoff added: “The late Queen for living up to her promise on her 21st birthday.” Meanwhile, some readers praised other female members of the Firm in their comments. Username englishproud said: “The Queen closely followed by the lady who holds the future of the Monarchy in her hands....the Princess of Wales.” Username patriciacotton said: “Queen Elizabeth II followed by the Princess of Wales Catherine and Princess Anne.” Another, username Tgs5995 said: “Catherine, Princess of Wales wins hands down.” While username Kiran G said: “I voted for Princess Anne. She showed a lot of dignity and grace. I will always remember her accompanying the late Queen. She is her mother's daughter.” And username wintersday said: “Without a doubt, the late Queen closely followed by Princess Anne, then Sophie and Edward. In my opinion, no-one else comes close.”