Stonehouse will premiere on Monday, January 2, on ITV with the following two instalments airing on consecutive nights. With the limited series already making headlines prior to the drama airing, it's no wonder fans are eager to know all there is about the ex-politician's life. Here's all there is to know about the whereabouts of John Stonehouse now. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stonehouse.John Stonehouse was a former Cabinet minister who worked under ex-Prime Minister Harold Wilson's first Labour government. He had worked as the final postmaster general, and minister of aviation and advised the Queen as a privy counsellor. His once thriving career came to a halt though when he was suspected of spying for Czechoslovakia in the early 1990s, despite never being convicted of the crime. Nonetheless, suspicions spelt the end of his political career which, in turn, led Stonehouse into financial difficulties. READ MORE: Martin Edwards takes on Jeremy Paxman's University Challenge He was also having an affair with parliamentary secretary Sheila Buckley at the time and wanted to start a new life, away from money worries and scandal. So when Stonehouse was 49 in 1974, he faked his own death by leaving a pile of clothes on a Miami beach and fled to Australia with Sheila. Their happily ever after Down Under wasn't meant to be as a month later, he was found to be an illegal immigrant by Australian police. He sought asylum in Mauritius and Sweden to avoid a trial in Britain, he was eventually returned to London. Stonehouse died of a heart attack, aged 62, on April 14, 1988, in Southampton. His former mistress-turned-wife Sheila stated that he collapsed at their home and paramedics weren't able to revive him when they arrived at the scene. Stonehouse suffered three heart attacks when he was in prison and had open heart surgery after he was convicted of fraud in 1974. He was given a seven-year sentence following a trial where he represented himself but was released early for good behaviour. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [HEALTH]Watching Juliet Bravo was a big influence - Happy Valley writer [EXPLAINER]Doc Martin fans spot major plot hole as Martin Clunes series ends [PLOT HOLE] When Stonehouse was released from prison, he did try to start a new life by publishing memoirs and thriller novels. Some of these included An American Outlaw, Agent Twister and South Country, just to name a few. He was married to Barbara Joan Smith, having tied the knot in 1948, who he shared daughters Jane and Julia and son Mathew with. They divorced in 1978 and Stonehouse went on to marry Sheila Buckley in Hampshire in 1981. Portraying Stonehouse in the ITV drama is none other than Matthew Macfayden who is best known for his roles in projects such as Succession, Anna Karenina, Quiz, Ripper Street and Pride and Prejudice. Stonehouse's first-wife will be played by Macfayden's real-life wife actress Keeley Hawes who is known for Line of Duty, Finding Alice, The Bodyguard and Spooks where the pair first met. His mistress Sheila is played by Emer Heatley who is new to the entertainment industry, having only previously starred in BBC's Showtrial. Stonehouse premieres on Monday, January 2, at 9pm on ITV.