Bernie Ecclestone has admitted he almost paid for Lewis Hamilton to join Mercedes ahead of his move to the Silver Arrows in 2013. The ex-F1 boss said he offered to “pay the difference” to ensure Mercedes snapped up F1’s brightest star after contract talks broke down. Ecclestone reveals Hamilton was not going to agree terms with the German manufacturer unless a certain fee was met. This prompted Eccleston to step in before the iconic marquee decided to put their hands in their pockets to sign up the world champion. Ecclestone explained: “Niki [Lauda] realised what a valuable driver Lewis was, and he found some way of persuading him (Lewis Hamilton) he should be driving for Mercedes. If he didn't get paid what he wanted, Lewis, he wasn't going to agree. So I said 'well he's somebody that I think Mercedes needs, I'll pay the difference.' But eventually Mercedes paid." The ex-F1 supremo made the admission on a new documentary ‘Lucky’, airing on Discovery+. READ MORE: Everything Hamilton has said about the W13 ahead of 2023 car changes Ecclestone has previously claimed Hamilton was set for a move to Red Bull before he put pen to paper on the rumoured £45million three-year-deal ahead of the 2013 season. He told reporters almost a decade ago that Red Bull chief Dietrich Mateschitz wanted to sign Hamilton but opted to stick with Mark Webber. When talks broke down, Ecclestone then supposedly suggested Hamilton look at offers from Mercedes. He said: 'Why not talk to Mercedes, Lewis?' “Lewis rolled his eyes … but I told him that he had nothing to lose as he wanted out of McLaren.” However, Hamilton has since denied Ecclestone’s claims over his Mercedes negotiations. DON'T MISSCoulthard and Webber agree on Hamilton after 'double Mercedes blow' [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff 'won't have say' in Lewis Hamilton Mercedes negotiations [ANALYSIS]Mercedes trio open up on Hamilton's 2023 hopes as team work on new car [COMMENT] lewis hamilton After taking his first podium for the team at the 2013 Malaysian Grand Prix, the British star hit out at the remarks. He commented: “I don't really know what to say about the comments he made. "I think he said something about me talking to Red Bull? I said to my management team to speak to all the teams and give me what the best options were. There was no particular one that I was pushing for more. "At the end of the day I am here [Mercedes] and it's the best decision I have ever made." Hamilton has gone on to secure six Drivers’ Championships with Mercedes while helping the Silver Arrows to seven successive Constructors' titles.