Australian tennis hero Wally Masur believes Novak Djokovic is playing "mind games" with Stefanos Tsitsipas ahead of Sunday's final. Djokovic and Tsitsipas have been the standout performers in the men's singles draw and will meet in the final for the first Grand Slam of the year as well as the No 1 ranking. Djokovic will be considered the favourite despite his hamstring injury having blown past his opponents in the past few rounds. But Tsitsipas has proven in the past that he's more than capable of causing problems for Djokovic. The Greek tennis star went two sets up in the 2021 French Open final against Djokovic, only to lose from that position. He's also beaten Djokovic twice on outdoor hard courts, although his last win over the Serbian came back in 2019. It's expected to be an explosive affair regardless and the two appear to have built up the hype with comments to the media. Djokovic raised eyebrows when he seemingly forgot that he had beaten Tsitsipas in the Roland Garros final nearly two years ago.  And Tsitsipas responded in his press conference, cutting an irritated figure as he said: "I don't remember either." But Masur isn't buying Djokovic's comments, adding that he believes the 21-time Grand Slam champion 'wanted' his final opponent to see them. "Unlike me, who can barely remember yesterday, Novak Djokovic has a mind like a steel trap," Masur said on Stan Sport's Grand Slam Daily. "Jim Courier asked him 'when was your first grand slam semi-final?' and quick as a wink he said 'US Open 2007' on the spot.  "Like, I think he knows very well. I think he wanted Stefanos to see that interview. I don't know. Mind games earlier on in the tournament. Maybe he could foretell that (meeting in the final)." He added: "But he's (Tsitsipas) certainly been competitive. And you got to remember to Novak's 35, Stefanos is 24. I believe he's getting better. So you know, results from two or three years ago are not as relevant as what we're going to see in that final. "I think he is not without a chance. I think he's the only guy in the draw that has a chance and the reason is serve and forehand. The forehand has been on song for two weeks. If those two things are working, he's got a shot."