Fans of foreign drama are in for a treat this year with the third and final season of gripping Danish crime drama Face to Face, aka Forhøret. The latest outing is available on the new streaming service Viaplay, and star of The Witcher and Star Wars Rebels Lars Mikkelsen spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his tough new project. Lars revealed he was exhausted after leading all eight episodes of the new Scandinavian crime drama. The Danish star returned to lead the third season after his character Holger Lang made a guest appearance in Face to Face’s first outing. In the final instalment, Holder must interrogate his employees, friends and family when new information is brought to light regarding the mysterious death which has run through the entire series. “I got to meet some of the best actors in the country, so that’s one thing,” he said of coming back to Face to Face. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ The third act also stars Nicolas Bro, Pilou Asbæk and several others who engage Holger in a tense, real-time conversation over each half-hour episode. Face to Face’s demanding format required immense concentration from Lars and his co-stars, as each episode was planned and filmed within about a week. “It relates to theatre, the way it's done,” he explained to Express.co.uk. “You meet up on Friday with the person in question, have a read-through. On Monday you block it.” “Tuesday, Wednesday you shoot it. Then Thursday you do the whole thing. “So we did half the script on Tuesday, half the script on Wednesday and then (everything) on Thursday. In long, long (blocks).” While there are still plenty of twists and turns within the series, the Danish drama takes a more low-key approach by telling the story across eight two-hander conversations. “So, in that sense, it also connects with theatre,” Lars continued. “I was brought up on the theatre, so I must say it was fascinating work to try and film it.” DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans ‘sobbing’ as series pays tribute to Yakira Chambers [REACTION]NCIS agent Torres ‘goes rogue’ in dangerous undercover mission [VIDEO]1000-lb Best Friends fans outraged by Meghan’s Dr Procter row [BACKLASH] Having just appeared in one episode of the first season, Lars took on one of the biggest challenges of his career when he agreed to return for the whole third part. “Oh yeah, it was [challenging],” he said. “I was knackered at the end of it. “I had (coronavirus) in the middle of it as well. But you get so much back, because it’s such gratifying work. “All in all, it was hard work, I’m not a labourer! But, at the end of the day, it’s just gratifying work to do.” Outside of his work in Lars’ home country of Denmark, he’s also well-known for portraying Stregobor in The Witcher and was just as stunned as fans to see Henry Cavill announce his departure. “I was (surprised), yeah,” he revealed. “We finished up in August, I think. And I didn’t know. I didn’t know at all. “I only had one or two scenes with him, so I didn’t really get to speak with him. But what it’s about, I don’t know. I really don’t know.” It’s currently unknown if Lars will be back for season three but, until then, the actor is planning a return to the stage in 2023 before he confirms any new TV projects. All three seasons of ‘Face to Face’ are available to stream exclusively on Viaplay. Find out more and subscribe to Viaplay here: www.viaplay.com.