Royal women are pretty flawless when it comes to makeup looks, but there are some styles that are favoured more than others. When did Meghan Markle go against the grain when it comes to lipstick, and which other royals did it too? The Royal Family must always look appropriate for appearances and engagements. And while there do not appear to be any strict rules on what they must and must not wear, the royals do seem to abide by some specific fashion patterns. For example, it is rare that a royal woman is spotted wearing dark nail polish, or a low-cut dress unveiling the cleavage. And when it comes to lipstick, royal women will typically be spotted wearing more subtle shades. READ MORE: Kate could make two changes or risk looking 'gaunt' and 'older' However, several royal women have broken this pattern over the years, including Meghan Markle. On March 9, 2020, Meghan and Harry undertook their last official engagement as senior members of the Royal Family. The royal duo stepped out together for Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. Just four days prior, on March 5, the pair attended The Endeavour Fund Awards in London, with Meghan opting for a bold makeup look to mark the occasion. The Duchess looked stunning in a fitted blue midi-dress, accessorising with a dark blue clutch and blue suede pumps. She wore her hair in a sleek ponytail, complete with a middle parting, and dark eye makeup with a pop of orange. She also went for a red berry lipstick, a shade not typically associated with the Royal Family makeup palette. Perhaps this bolder look was a nod to newfound freedom under the weight of royal fashion trends. READ MORE: The trend Meghan should 'experiment' with now that she is 'free' But Meghan isn't the only royal woman who has rocked a darker lip on occasion. Both Kate Middleton and the late Queen Elizabeth II have been pictured sporting a red lip. According to Marie Claire, Kate's go-to lipstick is the Bobbi Brown Sandwash Pink, the "iconic creamy, semi-matte" bestseller. However, she opted for something a little more festive at a Christmas carol service at Westminster Abbey in December 2021. To complement her fabulous red coat dress, the now Princess opted for red lipgloss. She didn't go for as dramatic a look as Meghan with her bold berry, but the red gloss was a change from Kate's typical makeup look. She went for a similar makeup look this year as she paired her burgundy coat dress with the same shade of gloss. Queen Elizabeth II boasted some gorgeous shades of lipstick in her time, from corals to hot pinks to vibrant reds. Back in 2012, Queen Elizabeth II visited The Royal Opera House wearing a floor-length white gown, but added a pop of colour with a swipe of scarlet lippy. When she addressed the nation in April 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic, she opted for a burnt orange shade with her green outfit.