Tottenham could benefit from swapping out Djed Spence to bring one of their own back to north London rather than splurging a hefty fee on Sporting right-back Pedro Porro this month. Antonio Conte is believed to be desperate to strengthen his ranks in the mid-season market and has reportedly prioritised the need to sign a right-sided defender in order to give Spurs the best chance of earning a top-four finish in the Premier League this season. The Italian coach has reportedly taken a liking to Porro, who is said to have been earmarked as a potential January addition after impressing with his performances at Sporting over the last few months. However, it seems as though Tottenham will need to shell out around £40million in order to stand any chance of doing a deal with Sporting, with the Portuguese outfit not prepared to sell for less than the player's asking price.Porro would certainly be able to improve things at the back for Tottenham, with the right-back position having clearly been a problem area for them over the course of this season. Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal have been rotated by Conte in recent months but neither have truly managed to stand out and claim the role for themselves, opening the door for a new arrival to come in and raise the level before the end of this month.However, it remains to be seen whether paying £40m for Porro would be the best course of action for Tottenham to take over the next few weeks as they look to improve their squad by using the mid-season market to their advantage. A better option could be to explore the idea of a swap deal that would see Kyle Walker-Peters return to Spurs from Southampton, with Spence going the other way after struggling to impress Conte since the beginning of the campaign. JUST IN: Arsenal target Ivan Fresneda's agents 'visit London for talks' Southampton are believed to be keeping close tabs on Spence, with Sky Sports News having reported that the former Nottingham Forest loanee could be made available for a temporary switch until the end of the season. He is said to be one of several names on Nathan Jones' list of potential targets, which could play into Tottenham's hands if they decide to offer Spence out in exchange for Walker-Peters this month.The latter came through the academy system at Tottenham and has been one of Southampton's most consistent performers in recent years, while he still has plenty of room to improve under the watchful eye of Conte at the age of 25. He could also be keen on moving away from the Hampshire club given their sorry predicament at the bottom of the Premier League table and would be a shrewd acquisition for Spurs if he manages to carry over his showings for the Saints in the event of a January return. It remains to be seen whether a swap deal for Walker-Peters involving Spence would be an option that Conte would be willing to consider, with the 53-year-old admitting in the summer that he did not even ask for the signing of Spence from Middlesbrough following his impressive loan spell with Forest last season."Spence is an investment of the club, the club wanted to do it," Conte told reporters. "I said ‘OK, this player is young but he showed he can become a good, important player for us’. The club decided to buy him. The club was very clear with me and said we reached an important achievement and now we want to continue to grow, to grow together with ambition." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.