A disabled woman has told Express.co.uk how she used to qualify for the Warm Home Discount but has been told she won't get it this year - despite receiving Personal Independence Payment (PIP). Angela suffers from Reynauds Syndrome, ME and COPD and has mobility issues which mean she's often stuck at home. Now she's found out she won't get the Warm Home Discount worth £150 this year - despite the fact she is struggling to make ends meet due to the cost of living crisis. Angela told Express.co.uk she was told she would lose the discount after agreeing to an Energy Performance Certifcate. She explained: "When I was informed that an Energy Performance Certificate was needed for my small council bungalow, I foolishly looked forward to it. "Reading the details on EPS Solution website looked as though they might be helpful and help me get better control of my energy use. "I too am disabled. Mobility issues, COPD, Reynauds Syndrom, CFS/ME and a few others. The chap arrived and measured the rooms, a quick peek in the loft as he stood on a chair and he was done."  READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could claim 30 freebies worth £10,000 Angela continued: "You can see a bit of insulation but no idea how thick it is now. No more than 15 minutes. Didn't see him measure anything. "As a result, the property was given a grade C and I no longer qualify for the discount." Angela, who lives in Canterbury, Kent, has just turned 65 and needs the Warm Home Discount now more than ever. She added: "When I first heard about people having their WHD stopped after years of getting it I thought it must be misinformation so I went on the government's website - and it was true!" DON'T MISS:Mortgage payments could drop by 25% a month [ALERT]Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff [UPDATE]Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months [INSIGHT] She continued: "It felt like a body blow. My energy was never that low even when I moved in five years ago! Angela isn't the only one upset about losing the discount after the rules were changed last year by the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS). The changes mean that some people who live in smaller properties, or those that are classed as more energy efficient, won't receive the discount this year even if they rely on benefits. It's affected many people on PIP who have relied on this financial support for the last few years.  Pamela, a 69-year-old pensioner from Tyne and Wear said the criteria doesn't take into account that some properties, like her council place, are not as energy efficient as they should be. She said: "People who have received it in the past are no longer getting it, so how is that right?"  Express.co.uk contacted the Government department responsible for the Warm Home Discount for a response and clarification on the changes. According to the Government, three million households will receive the Warm Home Discount this year, compared to around 2.2 million in previous years.  The discount is given to households on means-tested benefits who live in homes that BEIS has estimated as a "relatively high cost to heat". Meanwhile, some people are calling for an ‘unmetered energy tariff’ for the elderly and the disabled. A petition has been posted on the Parliament petitions website entitled ‘Introduce an unmetered monthly tariff for energy for the elderly and disabled’. It states: “We want the Government to require energy suppliers to offer a fixed monthly rate, with no per unit charges, for gas and electricity, to elderly and disabled customers.”     