The MCU’s Multiverse Saga (Marvel Phases 4-6) kicks off Phase 5 this year with Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. The February blockbuster’s big bad is set to be Jonathan Majors’ time-travelling despot Kang the Conqueror, who is the franchise’s new Thanos-level villain. One of his variants known as He Who Remains turned up in Disney+ show Loki and there are going to be several more as the MCU movies go forward to its next Infinity War/Endgame-sized two-part event. Avengers 5 and 6 are called The Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars and now a new leak giving tantalising details has landed online. Obviously, take the following with a pinch of salt, but this scooper has a proven track record of accuracy, so be warned that potential spoilers may lie ahead. According to MyTimeToShineHello’s Twitter, Avengers: The Kang Dynasty will star the New Avengers led by Anthony Mackie’s Sam Wilson, the new Captain America. Kang Dynasty is the title of a Marvel Comics run in which Kang the Conqueror attempts to take over the Earth. Interestingly, the scooper claims that Avengers: Secret Wars won’t be from the New Avengers' perspective and that the villain is someone entirely different. They wrote: “This is how they plan to make Secret Wars work without making it a 4 hour movie.” The scooper claims that Avengers Secret Wars will mostly be from the perspective of superheroes from other universes. There’s speculation that the New Avengers will lose to Kang in The Kang Dynasty, much like they did to Thanos in Infinity War, only for them to be saved in the sequel by their counterparts from non-MCU movie universes. The leaker boldly tweeted: “Yes Tobey Maguire and Hugh Jackman will meet and fight alongside each other in Secret Wars.” Given that Maguire has already returned for Spider-Man: No Way Home and Jackman is reprising Wolverine in Deadpool 3, this seems incredibly likely to be accurate. The latter also hasn’t ruled out more MCU outings, which some fans interpreted as a way of not spoiling that he’s in Secret Wars. Aside from all this excitement, apparently it won’t be Kang the Conqueror who’s the villain in Avengers 6 after all. READ MORE: Avengers Secret Wars: Nicolas Cage ‘in talks’ to return as Ghost Rider The scooper claims that The Beyonder, a variant of Kang, will be the main villain of Avengers Secret Wars. In the 2015 Marvel Comics run of the same name, Earth-616 combines with others from across the multiverse to form Battleworld. Now, in the original 1984 Secret Wars, the main villain was the cosmic entity called The Beyonder. He’s an unseen, omnipotent god-like being who kidnaps Marvel heroes and villains to make them fight on Battleworld. The villain also later took human form in Secret Wars II a year later. Given all this, presumably the MCU’s Beyonder – who the leaker says will also be played by Majors – will be somewhat inspired by the comics and be some sort of ultimate god Kang. So it'll be up to Marvel superheroes from across realities to defeat in a final battle that will top Avengers Endgame. In fact, there’s more. DON'T MISSFantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? [HENRY CAVILL]Harry Styles 'signs on for $100 million multi-Marvel movie deal' [HARRY STYLES]Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained [AVENGERS 5] The scooper has previously claimed that Robert Downey Jr will be reprising Iron Man in Avengers Secret Wars. No doubt this will be a variant since he died in Avengers Endgame and other rumours claim he’ll be joined by Chris Evans’ Captain America once again. Just imagine an Avengers final battle line-up made up of MCU, Sony and Fox incarnations of superheroes altogether. The three Peter Parkers again, the Fox X-Men, maybe even Ben Affleck’s Daredevil and Wesley Snipes’ Blade if rumblings are to be believed. Whatever the case, this movie is going to be huge. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty hits cinemas on May 2, 2025 followed by Avengers: Secret Wars on May 1, 2026.