Bill, from Birmingham, is 64-years-old and has worked hard all his life - both in the NHS and the caring profession - before he was made redundant. His life took a downward spiral after that - his parents died, then his rent increased and his energy bills doubled, leaving him with no choice but to rely on support to get by.  Bill has tried really hard to get another job but it’s not easy - especially when you’re only two years away from drawing your pension. He comes into Feedo Needo’s food bank in Birmingham every day for food and warmth and doesn't think he’d still be alive if it wasn’t for this support. The charity also has food banks in London, Manchester and Bradford where volunteers work tirelessly to help people like Bill, people who would be left with nothing to eat if it wasn’t for their help. READ MORE: The best locations across the world to work remotely in 2023 "I’m unemployed now but I used to work in the health service," Bill told the Daily Express. "The bills went through the roof, I ended up in debt and I lost everything. "I come here, basically, not just to eat but to keep warm, because the heating’s here. I can’t afford the heating where I’m living.” The latest statistics from independent watchdog Which? show the cost of basic food items like bread and pasta has risen by 40 percent over the last year. DON'T MISS: Mortgage payments could drop by 25% a month [ALERT]Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff [UPDATE]Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months [INSIGHT]  At the same time, energy bills are double what they were this time last year, forcing those on the lowest incomes to choose between heating their homes or putting food on the table. Bill feels bitter that in this day and age people like himself have to resort to food banks to eat and keep warm, simply because the money they are expected to live on isn’t enough to scrape by. He added: “What little money I’ve got I try and spread out 'cause I get paid monthly. “So usually I’m normally skint within about three days once I’ve paid out on all the bills."  Bill, who has spent a lifetime caring for others, continued: “If it wasn’t for places like this there would be nothing - I wouldn’t survive.” "I get £326 a month and by the time I’ve paid the rent, bills, transport - if I’ve got the money to get a bus - I’ve got nothing left. "I feel betrayed by my own country - I feel bitter. "I’m angry and I’m disgusted that Britain can treat people like that. It’s an absolute disgrace.” Gracefilled Okeke, a Senior Project Coordinator at Feedo Needo said more than "70 percent" of regulars coming to its food banks are pensioners and older people. She said: “A good number, over 70 percent" of people coming to them every day are older people especially on Fridays when they give out food parcels. Sabine Goodwin, director of the Independent Food Aid Network (IFAN), which represents more than 1,000 food banks, said people who have never used a food bank before, are now turning to them for help. She told the Daily Express: “More people who are working, more families, more pensioners, more single people and more disabled people are unable to afford food and other essentials.” To find out how to get involved or volunteer for Feedo Needo, people can visit the website feedoneedo.org.uk  – all donations are greatly appreciated. 