The last time Arsenal sat as far as this above the rest of their Premier League rivals they had just been dubbed “Invincible”. The 11-point lead they enjoyed at the end of the 2003-04 season is the last time they were more than their current eight points ahead of a team who had played the same number of games. The chasing pack must now rely on the Gunners being much less than invincible in the coming games. But the evidence of a north London derby is that they have finally found some fighting spirit to go with their exemplary football, from first whistle to last. And beyond, in Aaron Ramsdale’s case, with this win clearly meaning more than just the extra three-point gap. Remember, it was only eight months ago that Tottenham absolutely handed Arsenal a lesson - all but securing Champions League football into the bargain. Significantly, only five of the Arsenal players on the field at the end of that 3-0 drubbing walked out at White Hart Lane this time, in very different circumstances. However, depressing for Tottenham, it was the same-old, same-old depressingly slow for the crowd to endure - as they have been forced to for most of the season. After just seven minutes the Spurs defence were all over the place, and when Gabriel Martinelli flicked the ball over to Eddie Nketiah 10 yards out, a better shot would have beaten Lloris. Not least when you consider what Lloris is letting go past him these days. MUST READ: Richard Keys claims Arsenal boss Arteta to blame for Ramsdale attack He spilled a 30-yard shot for a cheap Aston Villa goal on New Year’s Day, but this was much, much worse. A Saka shot from a tight angle should have come to nothing - instead it hit the France World Cup winner’s chest and deflected into the goal. Such poor form is bad timing with the transfer window open. Thomas Partey did not so much rattle the woodwork as nearly lift it out of the ground with a 25-yard-volley then two minutes later Arsenal got their vital second goal. If the opener was a gift, it was pure sweat and effort that earned Arsenal their second. Tottenham were finding it so hard to play their way out from the back that Lloris gave up and launched the ball skywards. Gabriel Magalhaes headed to Partey, whose instant pass found Saka as an out-of-shape Spurs were quickly turned. This time the England winger chose a straightforward square pass to Odegaard, and the Arsenal skipper drilled a tantalising shot beyond Lloris right into the corner of the net. Spurs fans know from frustrating recent experiences that the second half is never so bad and the home side gave them a promise of that when Kane’s near-post header right on half-time had to be scooped away by Aaron Ramsdale. Then just after the break, Dejan Kulusevski cut in from the left for the first time but could not find the top corner with his shot. The next moment, he was twisting and turning to put Kane through for a sharp shot that again tested Ramsdale. Then the England captain took his turn to be provider, with Sessegnon producing the best save of the lot from Ramsdale. Kulusevski again went close but if Nketiah had shown more composure when put through again, the match would have been over. Fit-again Richarlison was thrown into the mix but to no avail and the frustration from the home fans spilt over in the worst possible way on the final whistle. Tottenham’s recent north London superiority is over. And with a few more results like this, Arsenal will have much bigger concerns than petty local rivals to concern themselves with come May. TOTTENHAM (3-4-3): Lloris 4; Romero 6, Dier 6, Lenglet 5 (Davies 88); Doherty 5 (Richarlison 71), Sarr (Bissouma 55, 6) Hojbjerg 6, Sessegnon 6 (Perisic 76); Kulusevski 6 (Gil 88), Kane 7, Son 6. ARSENAL (3-4-3): Ramsdale 7; White 6, Saliba 6, Gabriel 7; Saka 7, Partey 8, Xhaka 7, Zinchenko 7 (Tomiyasu 85); Odegaard 7, Nketiah 6, Martinelli 6 (Tierney 79).  REFEREE: Craig Pawson 5 PLAYER OF THE MATCH: Thomas Partey - won the traditional north London derby midfield scrap