The man accused of stabbing four University of Idaho students to death reportedly told police it was “really sad what happened to” the victims. Bryan Kohberger, 28, made the comment to officers as he was being extradited from Pennsylvania to Idaho last week, according to a police source. The source who was involved in the extradition process said the murder suspect didn’t speak directly about the students’ murders, but did comment on their tragic fates. “He did say, ‘It’s really sad what happened to them,’ but he didn’t say anything more,” the source told People. The source also told the outlet that the PhD criminology student “seemed really nervous”. “He was narrating to himself everything that was happening,” the source said. READ MORE: Forensic expert describes 'dramatic' moment Idaho killer may have started slaying students “At one point, he was saying something to himself like ‘I’m fine, this is okay'. Like he was reassuring himself that this whole thing wasn’t awful.” Kohberger was arrested on December 30 and charged with four counts of murder and one count of felony burglary in connection with the November 13 stabbing deaths of Ethan Chapin, 20, Xana Kernodle, 20, Madison Mogen, 21, and Kaylee Goncalves, 21. Goncalves and Mogen were found in bed stabbed to death on the third floor of a rental home in Moscow, Idaho. The other two victims, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin, both 20, were found stabbed to death on the second floor. DON'T MISSAll flights 'grounded across US' after system failure [LATEST]Bolsonaro flees to Florida 48 hours before term ends [REPORT]Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged [INSIGHT]  Sources say police connected the suspect to the brutal killings through his cellphone data, his car make and model and DNA found on a knife sheath left at the scene. The tan leather knife sheath was found next to victims Goncalves and Mogen. The sheath was labeled with "Ka-Bar" and "USMC," and had a United States Marine Corps insignia stamped on the outside, the affidavit reveals. READ MORE: Four stabbed and six arrested after drug-fuelled party at Airbnb turns bloody Also in the affidavit was one of the two surviving roommates' statements from the night of the murders. Dylan Mortensen, 21, told police she saw a "masked figure clad in black" walk past her at 4am on the night the four students were killed. The unsealed court documents describe Ms Mortensen - listed as D.M - as being in "frozen shock" before she locked the door to her second-floor bedroom. The surviving roommate saw the figure just after 4am but police were not called to the scene until around eight hours later. Steve Gonçalves, the father of victim Kaylee Gonçalves who was stabbed to death that night, described Ms Mortensen as "another victim" in the horrific case. Authorities believe the masked figure was Kohberger, who has been arrested and charged in connection with the four deaths of the four Idaho students. Kohberger will return to Latah County Court in Moscow on Thursday morning for a status hearing.