Manchester United have long been linked with a move for Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane under more than one manager. And with his Spurs exit looking more likely by the week, Old Trafford has again been mooted as a potential destination. Kane has established himself as one of the best strikers of a generation and is widely tipped to break Alan Shearer's Premier League goal record. It would be one of the countless milestones he's smashed throughout his prolific career, but there continues to be a significant red mark on his glistening resume. For club or country, Kane has yet to win a single major trophy. And now, at 29 years old, it seems doubtful that run will end this season. The England captain's Tottenham contract expires at the end of next term, and he's reportedly in no rush to extend his stay with silverware on his mind. To prevent the risk of losing such an asset for free, a blockbuster transfer away from north London could finally be on the cards this summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE And United are bound to be linked once more, with Erik ten Hag set to make signing a new striker one of his priorities. However, according to the Telegraph, there are murmurs that Kane doesn't fit the Dutchman's favoured profile for a frontman. Ten Hag is said to prefer a faster striker, which could prompt him to lean towards fellow-linked goalscorers Victor Osimhen or Goncalo Ramos. That said, the report adds that it wouldn't necessarily stop the Red Devils from pursuing Kane if the golden opportunity arose. The fee Spurs demand could prove detrimental to whether Kane seals a high-profile switch elsewhere or runs down his contract until 2024. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss ten Hag has made five pundits look silly including Keane  United are understood to want to sign a goalkeeper, central midfielder and striker on priority ahead of Ten Hag's second season in charge. A left-sided centre-back could also be targeted, with Luke Shaw having to deputise for Lisandro Martinez several times over the winter period. But after overspending in his first transfer window in M16, Financial Fair Play rules could limit the amount Ten Hag can splash if United miss out on Champions League football. If that's the case, a £100million plus deal for Kane would likely be off the table unless the prospect of losing their talisman on a free transfer helps knock Tottenham's valuation down to a more realistic level. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here