In Prince Harry’s new memoir, Spare, released on Tuesday, January 10, he reveals much about himself and the Royal Family from the past and present, from his own recreational drug use to the accusation that he was physically attacked by Prince William. The 38-year-old delves further into the past discussing his great-uncle, Edward VIII, who infamously abdicated in order to wed Wallis Simpson, implying that the Queen may have made a final swipe at her uncle after his death.    In the opening pages of Harry’s new memoir, he is waiting on the grounds of Frogmore gardens, near Windsor Castle, following Prince Philip’s funeral. While there, he mulls over all those who have been laid to rest at the Royal Burial Ground, such as Queen Victoria. The “notorious” Wallis Simpson and her husband, the former Monarch, and “doubly notorious”, Edward VIII are also buried there. But, as Harry points out, they have been segregated from the rest of the Royal Family, lying some distance away under a tree. Harry suggests that this was a deliberate move from the Queen, who met with the Duke of Windsor prior to his death in 1972.    The Duke of Sussex writes that both Wallis and Edward were “obsessed” with the idea of being buried at Frogmore, having been living in exile in France since Edward’s abdication in 1936. While the Queen gave them their final wish, Harry muses whether the distance she put between them and the rest of the family was a final “finger wag”; their bodies being laid to rest in permanent “exile”. He wrote: “The Queen, my grandmother, granted their plea. But she placed them at a distance from everyone else, beneath a stooped plane tree. “One last finger wag, perhaps. One final exile maybe. I wondered how Wallis and Edward felt now about all their fretting. Did any of it matter in the end? I wondered if they wondered at all.” After less than a year on the throne, Edward announced he would be abdicating as he found it impossible to “carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge his duties as King” without the woman he loved by his side. Wallis, an American socialite, had been married twice and was in the process of divorcing her second husband when Edward became King.  READ MORE: Holly Willoughby points out Charles branded Queen ‘unaffectionate'  Edward, as Sovereign, was the nominal head of the Church of England, and was consequently told by the then Prime Minister, Stanley Baldwin, that marrying a divorcee was incompatible with the role. A great deal of controversy ensued. Anger and loathing were directed towards a “devastated” Wallis. According to Anna Pasternak’s book, The Real Wallis Simpson, Wallis said at the time: “The enormity of the hatred I had aroused and the distorted image of me that seemed to be forming in minds everywhere went far beyond anything I had anticipated.” By 1937, Edward and Wallis had tied the knot. They then lived in relative exile in France, splitting their time between Paris and the Riviera. But the controversy did not end there. Edward, along with his new wife, visited Germany in 1937 and met with Adolf Hitler. DON'T MISS: Sefcovic can't contain his excitement as agreement reached with EU [INSIGHT]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [ANALYSIS]Girl brutally beaten at party before attacker says 'pass that bottle' [REPORT] Edward, who had long been suspected of being a Nazi sympathiser, dined with the dictator’s deputy, Rudolf Hess, and visited a concentration camp. During a state visit in 1972, the Queen, Prince Philip, and the then Prince Charles visited her aunt and uncle at their home in Paris. Although Edward was too ill to join in for much of the visit, leaving him “dreadfully disappointed” according to the BBC, the Queen did see him for 15 minutes. According to Countess Romanones, writing in Vanity Fair in 1986, the Queen was “simply covering appearances” by coming to visit because “he was dying”. While Edward may have been buried at Frogmore, his sullied title is never to be used again. As Royal expert Richard Fitzwiliams told British Heritage: “His public reputation was for a while that of the King who gave up his throne for love, but in recent decades his reputation has become that of a King to whom patriotism and duty meant nothing, as well as a fascist sympathiser. His selfishness has become his epitaph.”   