Photos of Princess Anne were shared yesterday, January 17, after the Princess Royal visited the Montpellier Therapeutic Allotments in Gloucester. The Royal College of Occupational Therapists posted the images on Twitter, with the caption: "Last week our Patron, HRH The Princess Royal, visited Montpellier Therapeutic Allotments in Gloucester. The allotment at the Montpellier Unit, part of @GlosHealthNHS, is used to help people with mental health conditions on their road to recovery." As always, the Princess looked classy in a dark green tartan coat and her favourite black, knee-high boots. The coat was a khaki green with a subtle tartan print in light blue and yellow, though the colours were difficult to decipher. Anne combined the coat with a pair of knee-high, black boots with a flat sole. She also wore a pair of black leather gloves. Underneath her coat, it seemed she was wearing a forest green turtleneck jumper. READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport' Anne also carried a black leather handbag, which she is rarely seen without. Underneath the coat's neckline, Anne wore a brooch she is often seen donning: a silver one in the shape of a Scout reef knot. The rope of a Scout reef knot symbolises the family of the World Scout Movement, while the knot represents the strength of the unity of the World Scout Movement. Diamond expert Zack Stone of jewellers Steven Stone has previously commented on the brooch, saying that it encapsulates Anne’s spirit. He also estimated its worth.  The expert said: "The brooch is the perfect fit for the Princess Royal, who is known for her strong character. I’d estimate it to be worth approximately $5,000 (£4,204)." Anne completed the look with a pair of white-framed and dark-lensed sunglasses, which seems to be one of her favourite accessories as she often dons them. The Princess donned these glasses on many occasions last year, including to watch a rugby match that marked the beginning of the Commonwealth Games in June. At the time, the glasses seemed to be controversial among fans due to their quirky and unique nature. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal One Twitter user, @w_coast_bluesey, previously wrote: “Her glasses crack me up, respectfully.” Sarah Delore said: “Sunglasses on point, as per.” Judith Ince added: “Aaahh but Princess Anne has really cool sunglasses.” When she wore them again last September for a visit to Edinburgh, Twitter user Amoy wrote: “She’s so cool.” Twitter user @travisequalis added: “Princess Anne got some good taste in sunglasses.”[sic] Anne is known for her experimental and, at times, playful sense of style. Celebrity stylist and fashion expert Miranda Holder has previously spoken to Express.co.uk about the royal’s fashion sense. She said: "The Princess Royal has an unusual relationship to fashion – she certainly has never paid any attention to trends, and in later life has adopted a more frugal approach to her wardrobe than other members of the Royal Family, often rewearing old pieces time and time again. "But it’s through this irreverence that she has become an unexpected style icon."