Sherlock was a hit series when it aired between 2010 and 2017, and continues to draw in more fans who binge-watch the BBC drama. Despite the show being off-screen for six years, writer Steven has confessed he would be willing to continue the story if the two main actors agreed to a comeback.  Co-creator Steven said he would "start writing tomorrow" if Benedict and Martin wanted to return to the series as Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson. The tongue-in-cheek comment came while the writer was speaking on BBC's Today, Steven admitted the two actors had moved onto "bigger and better things". He went on to plead: "Martin and Benedict, ‘Please come back?'" The series, inspired by Arthur Conan Doyle’s classic stories, wrapped up with a divisive ending. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry After the concluding episodes aired in early January 2017, some fans went as far as claiming the ending had "ruined the new year" for them. The first episode of the final series saw the death of Mary Watson (played by Amanda Abbington). The sad twist was not well received by fans, who fumed the storyline was unnecessary. Since the show ended, both protagonist actors have gone on to see success in their careers. Benedict, 46, achieved a second Oscar nomination for the 2021 hit film, The Power of the Dog. He also returned to his role in Doctor Strange in 2022. Meanwhile, Martin has gone on to star in several key roles, more recently in the comedy Breeders. However, titular star Cumberbatch said in 2021 he would consider a return in the future. DON'T MISS... Claude Littner missing from The Apprentice after first episode [EXCLUSIVE]Sharon Osbourne admits husband Ozzy ‘p*****s me off’ [VIDEO]Susanna Reid clashes with XR activist for swerving 'responsibility' [LATEST] He commented: "Oh look, I still say never say never. I really like that character…" Speaking to Esquire UK, he added: "It’s just, the circumstances need to be right. "I think maybe it’s too soon now to see it have another life." It seems the actor would be willing to reprise his iconic role under the right circumstances. One of the most adapted characters in literary history, the character of Sherlock has appeared in hundreds of TV series, films, comics and video games in the past 100 years. Even since Cumberbatch’s rendition, Holmes has been adapted into the American series Elementary, two films starring Robert Downey Jr and was played by Henry Lloyd-Hughes in the short-lived series The Irregulars. He was also portrayed by Henry Cavill in the Netflix spin-off Enola Holmes, which recently released a second series on Netflix. Sherlock is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.