Product recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with an item, meaning it is unsafe for individuals to use. Usually, a company publishes details of its product recall on its website, for its customers' information. Ikea is recalling one of its swivel chairs after reports of them breaking at the base. The Swedish retailer is recalling its Odger Swivel Chair (anthracite colour) following reports of the product breaking at the star base of the leg, and therefore posing a safety risk to users who might fall and injure themselves. The chair's model is the Ikea Odger Swivel Chair (anthracite colour) with date stamps before and including 2221 (yyww, located underneath the seat, moulded in the material of the chair). Ikea said it has received reports of the chairs breaking at the star base of the leg, therefore posing the risk of a fall and injury to the user. As such, it has decided to recall the ones with the date stamps listed above. On its website, Ikea said: "Ikea asks customers who have purchased the ODGER swivel chair, anthracite colour with date stamps before and including 2221 (yyww, located underneath the seat, moulded in the material of the chair), to stop using it and return it to an IKEA store for a full refund. "Ikea has received reports of the chairs breaking at the star base of the leg, therefore posing the risk of a fall and injury. "As such, we are issuing a recall for the affected date stamps. Customers are kindly asked to return it to an Ikea store for a full refund. Proof of purchase (receipt) is not required. "Please visit IKEA.co.uk or contact Customer Services on 0203 645 0010 for more information. "We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause." According to the Government's Office for Product Safety and Standards, the product does not meet the requirements of the General Product Safety Regulations 2005. On its website, the department said: "The product presents a risk of injuries as it is possible for the chairs to break at the star base of the leg, which could cause the user to fall and harm themselves. "The product does not meet the requirements of the General Product Safety Regulations 2005." It went on to give advice to customers, saying: "Ikea asks customers who have purchased the ODGER swivel chair, anthracite colour with date stamps before and including 2221 (yyww, located underneath the seat, moulded in the material of the chair), to stop using it and return it to an Ikea store for a full refund. "Further information is available on the Ikea website at: https://www.ikea.com/gb/en/customer-service/product-support/recalls/odger-swivel-chair-anthracite-colour-pub5b281ef0." But the swivel chair is not the only product Ikea is currently recalling. The retailer is also withdrawing a mirror from stores as it is unsafe for customer use. On its website, Ikea said: "Ikea asks customers who have purchased a LETTAN* mirror with date stamps before and including 2105 (yyww), to stop using it and contact IKEA to order wall fittings free of charge. "Ikea has received reports of the mirrors falling due to the wall fittings breaking, therefore posing the risk of injury. "As such, we are issuing a recall for repair for the affected date stamps. Customers are kindly asked to carefully check the stamp dates on the back of their LETTAN mirrors following the instructions below and order wall fittings free of charge if affected." Ikea added: "Customers can also contact IKEA on 0203 645 0010. Proof of purchase (receipt) is not required. "We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause."