Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) has managed to escape any consequences for the brutal crimes he’s committed over the past few weeks in the ITV soap. Although in scenes set to air next week, Coronation Street viewers will see Carla Connor (played by Alison King) expose one of his many lies. The lies from Stephen have been never-ending since his Coronation Street return back in June 2022. From trying to steal his mum, Audrey Roberts’ (Sue Nicholls) money to making his family believe he’s a successful businessman overseas, it’s hard to believe much that comes out of his mouth. The conman even killed Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) after he learnt about his lies and threatened to reveal the whole truth, with Stephen later disposing of his body and convincing people that he fled the country. Despite the murderer sending messages off of Leo’s phone to try and fool people, his dad Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin) knew something wasn’t right and made it his mission to get to the bottom of it. READ MORE:Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz   Coming to the conclusion Stephen had something to do with Leo’s disappearance, Teddy was about to reveal all before being struck by a van and put into a coma. Although he’s since woken, viewers learnt that he’s lost his memories, much to Stephen’s delight. However, things take a turn when he later starts to recall the information received before the accident and confronts Stephen at the factory. Not wanting the truth to come out about Leo’s murder, he strikes again and hits Teddy over the head, claiming another victim.  In scenes set to air next week, Stephen grows terrified his second murder will be exposed as Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) tells him there was a secret meeting with Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell) but she doesn’t want Carla to find out and suggests wiping CCTV footage. Horrified, Stephen quickly realises there will be footage of Teddy’s attack and tries to remain calm while his niece tells him how to delete the clips. Later on, Carla sends him out to help Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment) in packing which leaves him fuming as he then comes face to face with an old business associate, Dick Havisham. Explaining that Stephen is helping with packing, he’s left utterly humiliated and later tells his old friend a lie that he’s actually a senior consultant at the factory. DON'T MISS... The Traitors star ‘genuinely heartbroken’ following brutal twist [INSIGHT] Dancing On Ice backlash as Ekin-Su's performance hit with complaints [REACTION] Maya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [VIDEO]     Learning about the big lie he told, Carla is left raging and fires him although he tries to spin the truth by saying Gabrielle ripped him off and when he bumped into his old friend he was simply trying to save face. Wanting to get his job back, Stephen decides to rally the workers and urges them all not to give up until they’ve completed the order. Despite still being annoyed over his deception, Carla begrudgingly is impressed by the team's moral. Thanking him for the effort he’s put in, Carla agrees that he can keep his job.   A theory by Express.co.uk suggests that Carla could potentially be the next victim on Stephen’s murder roster after looking at the backed-up CCTV footage. Not realising there was more than one piece of evidence that could tie him to Teddy’s murder, Stephen could fly into a rage and kill Carla to keep her from going to the police. Recently, Coronation Street boss Iain McLeod confirmed that nobody in Weatherfield is safe from Stephen. He said: “He told Express.co.uk and other press: "Everyone should be worried. I know whenever you've got a serial killer on a soap the whole cast is worried.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 