Cristiano Ronaldo signed for Saudi Arabian club Al-Nassr last month following his departure from Manchester United. And the blockbuster star’s girlfriend will now reportedly have to follow a whole host of strict Saudi rules while she is living in the country. Ronaldo has been followed to Saudi Arabia by his partner Georgina Rodriguez and their children after the player signed a mega-money two-and-a-half year contract. And although some restrictions on women have been lifted in recent years, the Argentine influencer will not have the same freedoms she enjoyed in other countries. According to elPeriodico, Rodriguez must dress with modesty and decorum, although she will not have to wear the abaya. The rules mean the 28-year-old will be prohibited from wearing tight garments with necklines and transparencies. As a foreigner in Saudi Arabia, Rodriguez will not be able to import or consume alcohol or pork products. If she does, she could be hit with a severe fine or even face a spell in prison. And during Ramadan, which takes place in March and April, Rodriguez will not be able to eat, drink or smoke in public. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Rodriguez is also not allowed to visit certain monuments and sacred places. She will instead have to seek authorisation to enter places such as Mecca or Medina. She will also be banned from carrying out any public religious manifestation of a non-Islamic nature. Ronaldo has enjoyed an illustrious career at the top of the game and won a plethora of trophies during two spells with Manchester United and stints at Real Madrid and Juventus. The 37-year-old has lifted five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups and five Ballon d’Ors but left Old Trafford after telling Piers Morgan that he felt “betrayed” by the club and had “no respect” for manager Erik ten Hag. DON'T MISS Man Utd could be about to announce their next No 7 after Ronaldo Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Weghorst updates, Ronaldo help Cristiano Ronaldo still has one over Lionel Messi with Golden Foot win   And after putting pen-to-paper on a deal at Al-Nassr, the veteran said: “I’m so proud to make this big decision in my life. In Europe my work is done. I won everything and played for the most important clubs in Europe. This is a new challenge. “I’m a unique player. I beat all the records there. I want to beat a few records here. This contract is unique but I’m a unique player, so for me it’s normal. I really don’t worry about what people say. I am really, really happy to be here. I know the league is very competitive, I saw many games. I’m ready to keep playing football. “Nobody knows this, but I had many opportunities in Europe, Brazil, Australia, America, Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. I gave my word to this club. I want to give a different vision of this country and football. This is why I took this opportunity.” 