Arsenal are lucky to be at the top of the Premier League, claims Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi. The Gunners beat the Seagulls 4-2 on Saturday to extend their lead over Manchester City to seven points. City had dropped points earlier in the day, drawing 1-1 at home to struggling Everton. That gave Arsenal added incentive to go to the south coast and collect another victory. Martin Odegaard inspired his team to the win at the Amex. Mikel Arteta's side have picked up 43 points from a possible 48 in the first 16 matches of the campaign. That puts them in fifth place in the best-ever starts to a season at this stage in English top-flight history. But De Zerbi says there has been luck involved, although admitted that is something teams need to win a title. READ MORE: Arsenal retaliate and may hijack Chelsea deal after Blues go in for Mudryk  Speaking in his post-match press conference, the Italian said: "Arsenal have fantastic players, a fantastic coach. I think they are lucky in this moment but to win the Premier League, you sometimes have to be lucky. "For Arsenal, Arteta can answer better than me. I think they scored goals in crucial moments." Arsenal will go 10 points clear of City if they beat third-placed Newcastle at the Emirates on Tuesday. Arteta hailed the importance of beating Brighton, a team his side have often struggled against. The Spaniard said: "It's a big win, I'm really happy! It's a really tough place to come, they're a really good side. DON'T MISSArsenal sleep easy as clever Edu negotiation in Odegaard deal comes to lightMan Utd boss Ten Hag’s four best players are clear after Wolves winMan Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides'  "They are extremely well-coached and they made it tough for us and we made it tough for them as well. I think we were excellent in attacking phases, especially when we had the space and the way they defended they were very open, and we made the most out of it. "Then we had moments we discussed before where we were going to suffer and defend deeper. There were moments where we should've done better and put ourselves in trouble but that's the learning part and every game is a huge test." But with not even half of the season's fixtures played, Arteta is not getting carried away by his team's position. He added: "I don't know, it's still a long, long run to go. "My excitement comes when I go in the dressing room and the players are talking about what they should've done better today. That means they know that we still can play better, be better and against Newcastle we will have to be better."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here