Speaking in Stratford on Wednesday, the Prime Minister pledged to tackle immigration, boost the economy, cut hospital waiting lists, halve inflation and reduce debt. Mr Sunak told British voters that they could judge his premiership based on these five pledges as he promised “no tricks” and “no ambiguity”. In a desperate bid to regain voter trust and support, the Prime Minister’s speech sought to address “peoples’ priorities”. He added that he will “rebuild trust in politics through action” as his five promises “deliver peace of mind” and “build a better future for our children and grandchildren”. A poll conducted by GB News indicated that the majority of Conservative voters believe that Sunak will fail on his promise to curb immigration. Just four percent of respondents to the poll believed that the Prime Minister would manage to substantially reduce Channel crossings. In 2022, over 45,000 people arrived in the UK on small boats after making the terrifying journey across the Channel. This figure is a 60 percent increase on the figures from 2021, despite efforts from a number of home secretaries to crackdown on immigration. In what was seen as Sunak’s first detailed explanation of his plan for Government, the Prime Minister promised to “pass new laws to stop small boats, making sure that if you come to this country illegally, you are detained and swiftly removed". Despite his confidence, a poll conducted by People Polling on behalf of GB News found that 52 percent of Tory voters have no confidence that Sunak will crackdown on immigration. READ MORE: Russia announces temporary truce in major Ukraine war turning point Meanwhile, only 13 percent responded by saying that they were either completely or fairly confident in his ability. On Wednesday, Sunak admitted that the Channel crossings are “not an easy problem to fix” or “one that we can fix overnight”. People Polling surveyed 1,269 adults in an online survey for the news broadcasting company. Amid the gloomy results of the poll, the Prime Minister has been warned that his failure to manage immigration “will be game over at the next general election”. DON'T MISS:Union boss rages at 'corrupt' deal between railway firms and Sunak (REVEAL)Joe Biden offers condolences for 'tragic shooting'  (INSIGHT)Charles joked to Harry ‘who knows if I’m even your real father?’ (REVEAL)