While energy bills rise and the risk of blackouts rumbles on, a number of energy suppliers have signed up to take part in National Grid Electricity System Operator’s (ESO) Demand Flexibility Service, which rewards customers for reducing energy consumption during peak hours. Two live events are due to take place tonight and tomorrow. Is this an initiative you’d consider? Vote in our poll.  The efforts to reduce consumption come as a means to ease the strain on the National Grid during periods of high demand, and prevent suppliers from having to turn to carbon-emitting power plants to provide additional power to homes. The incentive encourages eligible participants to use electrical appliances during off-peak hours - typically between 4pm and 7pm - and pays the equivalent of £3 per kWh in credit to the household. Individual energy suppliers and providers who sign up decide how much customers will receive and whether the money is deducted from bills, credited to accounts, or if there's an option to withdraw the money. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments - Full list of postcodes eligible for support  But, while the scheme initially surfaced in November, National Grid has said it will be activating the first session of the DFS today (January 23) after warning supplies are "tighter than normal". National Grid published a list of suppliers taking part for domestic customers in the ESO Demand Flexibility Service on its website, and these include:     National Grid announced the first live event will take place this evening between 5pm and 6pm and could mean participating households make savings of a few pounds to as much as £20, depending on the amount of energy used, according to the BBC. The scheme will run again tomorrow (January 24) between 4.30pm to 6pm. To sign up for the Demand Flexibility Service, households in England, Scotland and Wales must have a smart meter, which gives readouts every 30 minutes to energy providers. However, it should be noted that not all households with smart meters will be able to participate, as some energy suppliers have limited the number of people who can get involved.  Do you think the scheme is a good incentive? Would you consider getting involved? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. READ MORE: 'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 money tips could save £50'  Although, for those who aren’t with an energy supplier listed as taking part, energy management firm equiwatt is offering an alternative solution through its free app. While the firm is independent of energy suppliers, it is working directly with the National Grid and any household with a working smart meter can get involved. The app links up to smart technologies used in the home, such as smart meters, smart plugs or smart chargers and when an energy-saving session, termed an "equivent" is due to begin, households will receive a notification. These last for up to one hour and users who reduce energy consumption during the proposed period are rewarded for the energy and CO2 savings they make with points that can be redeemed for vouchers on Amazon, John Lewis and other big brands.