Joe Biden has "run out of luck" as his lawyers exposed further classified documents days after confirming a first pile had been discovered at his former office in November. Mr Biden has faced a barrage of questions over the decision not to disclose the discovery at the time, with the White House under pressure over its lack of transparency. Commentator Michael Goodwin suggested the new files show the similarity between Biden and Donald Trump whilst also delivering a blow to the wall of protection surrounding the US President. Mr Goodwin said: "When reports emerged last Monday that multiple classified documents were found in an office Biden used after leaving the White House as vice president, the propaganda media circled the wagons around him by insisting he’s no Donald Trump. They had a point — up to a point. "But when reports two days later said a second batch of supposedly secret papers was found in Biden’s Delaware garage, the wall of media protection showed some cracks as the differences between the presidents’ cases narrowed. "And when an additional classified page was found in Biden’s Delaware library, and a special prosecutor was appointed Thursday to investigate him, the defenders made a hasty retreat." Writing for The New York Post, Mr Goodwin added: "Then came Saturday’s finding, which proves the president was serially sloppy with America’s secrets. READ MORE: Jean-Pierre shut down as DeSantis hits back at White House swipe in heated Twitter clash "The result is that Trump now looks like a lucky man while Biden looks like a man whose luck has run out." Republicans have questioned the White House's transparency after it was revealed the first batch of documents was recovered at Biden's old office at the Penn Biden Center in November. And the President has been facing calls for answers from within the Democratic folds as well, with top donor Andrew Weissmann warning his current strategy could backfire. Mr Weissman, a leading prosecutor in the Mueller investigation into Donald Trump, raged at the White House over its handling of the classified documents scandal on Twitter. He wrote: "The WH keeps digging a hole deeper: they have failed to answer so many questions, which is very strange if this is all an innocent mistake.  "Total number of government docs found and precisely where; and what levels of classification? Why wasn't this all revealed in Nov/Dec?" President Biden said he was "surprised" after the first files were discovered at his office and said he did not know anything about the documents' details, saying he had been advised not to ask about their content. But he sparked fury following the discovery of more classified papers at his Delaware home when he appeared to suggest the files would have been safe because they were kept in the garage with his priced 1967 Corvette Stingray. Attorney General Merrick Garland on Thursday appointed a special counsel to investigate the matter. DON'T MISS: At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] The discovery of classified documents in President Biden's private space has had political commentators draw a parallel between him and his predecessor, Donald Trump. Trump is currently under investigation by the Department of Justice (DoJ) after over 300 documents with classified markings, including top secret files, were found at Trump properties since he stepped down. The National Archives and Records Administration last year recovered 15 boxes of documents, telling DoJ officials they contained “a lot” of classified material. In August, FBI agents took about 33 boxes and containers of 11,000 documents from Mar-a-Lago, including roughly 100 with classification markings found in a storage room and an office. Special counsel to the president Richard Sauber said Monday that “a small number of documents with classified markings” were discovered on Nov. 2, 2022, in a locked closet at the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement. On Thursday, Sauber said a second "small number" of documents with classified markings had been found in a storage space in Biden's garage near Wilmington, Delaware. And Saturday Sauber said that six pages of classified documents were found earlier in the week during a search at Biden's home and were handed over to Justice Department officials.