Manchester United are still interested in striking a January deal to land Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting in spite of Bayern Munich's desire to tie him down to a new and improved contract, according to reports. United are thought to be in the market for at least one additional forward this month, with Erik ten Hag keen on improving his striking options following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo at the end of November. The Red Devils have been tentatively linked with a move for Choupo-Moting over the last few weeks and will be out of contract in the summer as things stand, which could see the Red Devils succeed with a cut-price offer if they decide to firm up their reported interest. The Cameroon international remains on United's list of potential attacking targets, according to Florian Plettenburg, but it seems as though Bayern are still trying to stop him from leaving the Allianz Arena this month.A meeting is set to take place on Thursday to discuss the possibility of extending his stay at Bayern but a final decision is not expected to be made quickly, with Choupo-Moting expected to take his time before settling on his next course of action. His current employers would like him to stay put after his impressive start to the campaign, which has seen him score 11 goals and register three assists in all competitions thus far.Choupo-Moting is not prepared to stick around at Bayern if he is forced to assume a back-up role next season, which could play into United's hands if they decide to promise him regular minutes at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are not the only club in the race for his signature, though, with several other teams in Europe said to be keeping a close eye on his situation in Germany as it develops. JUST IN: Illan Meslier has already made Newcastle feelings clear amid links It remains to be seen whether United will be able to land Choupo-Moting over the coming weeks if Bayern fail to convince him that it would be in his best interests to stay at the Allianz Arena for the foreseeable future. The likes of Joao Felix and Marcus Thuram have also been linked with United over the last few days, with a number of high-profile names still believed to be under consideration behind closed doors.The financial implications of any deal to sign Choupo-Moting are likely to play a major role in shaping the possibility of a January move, with Ten Hag recently insisting that he will only push ahead for signings if the opportunities are right for the club as a whole. "It is always difficult," said the United boss earlier this month. "Strikers are expensive and especially in the winter, you have to set the limits high and we are looking for it, so maybe we have to be creative."But we do everything that we have in our power to get it done and get the right player in who fits the balance of the frontlines. I don’t think you can judge that and rate it because it is about timing, it is about availability, it is about so many circumstances playing a role." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.