Chelsea have completed the signing of midfield wonderkid Andrey Santos from Vasco de Gama, as confirmed by the Brazilian club. That marks the Blues' third concluded deal of the January transfer window with David Datro Fofana and Benoit Badiashile already bedding in at Stamford Bridge. The Blues' interest in Santos was known for some time and the teenager was expected to complete his switch to the Premier League at some point this month. The 18-year-old was a regular for Vasco de Gama last season and impressed with his all-round attributes in the middle of the park. Santos made his debut at the age of 16 which makes him the club's youngest player this century, ahead of former Liverpool and Barcelona superstar Philippe Coutinho. The youngster's voyage from his homeland to England, which set Chelsea back £18million, was officially confirmed on Friday as Vasco de Gama released a statement. "Good luck Andrey Santos," it reads. "Vasco da Gama agreed this Friday [01/06] the permanent transfer of the athlete Andrey Santos to European football. READ MORE: Man Utd fans tell the Glazers their No 1 target to replace Ronaldo "Born in the youth ranks of Gigante da Colina, the midfielder will defend the colors of Chelsea, from England, in the coming seasons. The youngster will end his first spell at the club from Sao Januario at the age of 18 with 38 appearances and eight goals." The completion of Santos' move was considered a formality and he was pictured in Chelsea-branded clothes after watching his new club narrowly lose to Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Thursday night. He may also have taken encouragement from the selection of youngsters in action with Lewis Hall, Carney Chukwuemeka and Omari Hutchinson all called upon by manager Graham Potter. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Former Brazil international and set-piece specialist Juninho is among those to have lavished praise on Santos, who showed plenty of promise while on the rise in his homeland. "I’ve never seen a player, at 18, as ready as he is," said the 47-year-old, who made more than 250 appearances for French giants Lyon. "Physically, he’s a beast, technically he’s on a high level. He’s not going to be better than me, he’s going to be much better than me." Santos plays in the centre of midfield where Chelsea are expected to undergo a revamp over the coming months. Jorginho could leave for free at the end of his season with his contract winding down and many expected N'Golo Kante to follow suit, although the Blues are now thought to be closing in on renewed terms for the French World Cup winner.  Once officially unveiled, Santos will become Chelsea's third arrival of the January transfer window. Teenage forward David Datro Fofana has already signed from Molde for a reported £8.6m and French centre-back Benoit Badiashile has flown in from Monaco for £35m. Backed by the wealthy ownership of Todd Boehly and Clearlake, the Blues are expected to keep the wheels turning with Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk also in their sights, but Arsenal are also pushing hard to conclude a deal that could reach £88m. 