Waterloo Road was the unforgettable school drama and launched the careers of many talented British actors today. With the series returning this evening, Tuesday, January 3, on BBC One, thoughts have turned to the early days of the BBC show. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the whereabouts of Waterloo Road's original stars. Siobhan Mailey was part of the cool girl crowd and was friends with Lindsay (played by Jenna Coleman) for 20 episodes of Waterloo Road. She was portrayed by actress Phoebe Dynevor, who is now best known as Daphne Bridgerton in the Netflix romantic drama Bridgerton. In the first season, Daphne married the Duke who was played by Regé-Jean Page who also appeared in Waterloo Road years later as a teacher. Sambuca had a difficult relationship with her mum throughout her time in the show and had a tragic end to her story. She died of a brain tumour and her brother Denzil Kelly (Reece Douglas) died shortly after in a car crash. Actress Holly Kenny has since been in Shameless, In The Club and The Mill. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Actor Adam Thomas was in ITV's Emmerdale for nine years as Adam Barton after leaving Waterloo Road and was a contestant on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2016. He now shares two children with his partner Caroline Daly, son Teddy and daughter Elsie. In the teen series, Adam's character Donte was in a serious relationship with Chlo Grainger (Katie Griffiths). The couple moved away in season four with their child but will be back for the show's revival. Donte's other half was Chlo who he married when they were 16 and had daughter Izzie together, who she named after her murdered mum. Actress Katie Griffiths, who will also be back in Waterloo Road, has since appeared in Doctors and Casualty. She has also spent time travelling with her partner and dog Pippa. Lewis Seddon was a villain in Waterloo Road who was at the heart of storylines involving bullying harassment and homophobia. Actor Craig Fitzpatrick was sent to prison for six months in 2008 for failing to show up to his probation meetings, according to The Tab. The publication continued: "He had been given a six-month suspended sentence after attacking his heavily pregnant girlfriend, and as part of his supervision order was meant to meet probation officers regularly." In 2020, he was jailed for 18 months for threatening a family with an 18-inch machete while high and drunk, The Scottish Sun reported. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [ROYAL]Here's everything you need to know about Death in Paradise season 12 [EXPLAINER]Silent Witness newcomer Velvy ‘nursing neck injury’ on first day [CAST] Janeece Bryant was always getting into trouble but was among the kindest of the Waterloo Road teens. Actress Chelsee Healey went on to star in Casualty, followed by Hollyoaks which she still stars in, as Goldie McQueen. In 2011, Healey took part in season nine of Strictly Come Dancing and scored the perfect 40 for her Paso Doble. There have been talks she would be returning to Waterloo Road but no official confirmation has been given. Long-serving grumpy teacher Grantly Budgen was in the drama until season nine when he died of kidney failure. Actor Philip Martin Brown later featured in The Worst Witch, Coronation Street and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Kind-hearted teacher Kim Campbell will be returning as the school's headteacher in the new season. Actress Angela Griffin has since been in White Lines, Brief Encounters, Choose or Die, Harlots and Coronation Street. Waterloo Road returns on Tuesday, January 3, at 8pm on BBC One.