It’s natural to want your windows to look as spotless as the day they were installed. Clean windows can allow more light into your home and can make you feel more connected to the outdoors. But it can be tricky to figure out the proper way to clean your windows while avoiding the pitfalls of streaking and scratching. Chris Wootton, Managing Director of domestic cleaning business, Poppies, has shared some tips on how to clean windows like a professional without paying the professional fees. He said: “While cleaning windows is a relatively easy task, it is also a bit of an art form when it comes to trying to achieve a streak-free finish. “It is often cheaper and more effective to create your own cleaning solutions than using specialist window cleaning products on the market.” Plus, creating your own cleaning spray using natural ingredients will be “less damaging to the environment”. The natural cleaning product Chris suggested to use when cleaning windows is white vinegar. READ MORE: I used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results He said: “White vinegar is a great natural option for cleaning your windows as the acid in it helps remove the dirt and residue and it can also dissolve stubborn watermarks, soap scum, and other horrid build-ups.” White vinegar is extremely acidic, and that is what makes it such a good natural cleaner. It can dissolve stubborn watermarks, soap scum, and other nasty build-ups in no time at all. This household staple is known for leaving your windows shiny and water-mark-free. However, while white vinegar has some antibacterial properties, it can’t kill all bacteria and viruses it encounters. To make your own cleaning solution, the expert advised adding two tablespoons of vinegar and mixing it with a one to one ratio of warm water. DON'T MISS‘Best’ method to prune your peace lily - ‘nudges it to flower again’ [EXPERT]‘Perfect natural weed eradicating solution’ that works on ‘all weeds’ [COMMENT]Use ‘special formula’ that ‘kills 99.9% of bacteria’ at 20C [TIPS] The combination of vinegar and water can be used to clean interior and exterior windows. With windows, an issue that arises is that the debris won’t be fully removed from the glass unless purified water is used. Therefore tap water just won’t do, because it will leave traces of its presence behind when what you want instead is clean glass. Where possible, Chris advised using purified water as most tap water contains minerals like calcium and sodium which “leaves ugly marks” on your window. Combine these ingredients in a spray bottle and use as you would normally. READ MORE: Bleach makes mould ‘worse’ - use ‘most effective’ method instead The best time to clean windows is spring and autumn as washing windows when it's too hot or cold or when the glass is in direct sunlight can lead to streaking. When washing windows, Chris noted that it’s important to start with the frames first to avoid dripping dirty water onto any clean panes. He said: “Wash your frames with lots of clean, warm soapy water - washing up liquid is good - and then wipe dry with a clean, soft cloth. You can then start cleaning your windows.” Once the window frames have been cleaned it's then time to apply the natural cleaning solution to the window panes. Chris instructed: “Spray the solution onto the windows and then wipe the surface thoroughly with a microfibre cloth – not forgetting the corners. “Once the pane is dry after a few seconds, get a second microfibre cloth and polish the surface to ensure your windows are streak free. “Always use clean microfibre cloths as they don’t have any lint and change them as soon as they get dirty.” Work in straight vertical lines from the top to the bottom rather than using a circular motion. Britons should also make sure that they are working quickly when cleaning windows, as taking too much time can leave streaks.