Novak Djokovic has revealed that the current status of his hamstring injury remains unclear despite winning a record 10th Australian Open title on Sunday. The 35-year-old is set to undergo tests after returning to No 1 in the world and equalling long-time rival Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 overall Major titles and vowed to reveal proof of the issue after some doubted whether he was faking it or “playing it up”.  Djokovic’s run to a historic 10th Australian Open title was thrown into doubt during the early rounds as he struggled with a hamstring injury he picked up at the Adelaide International and needed multiple medical timeouts in his first three matches. But the Serb held strong to retain his title as the King of Melbourne by becoming the first player to win 10 titles at the first Major of the year, also matching Nadal’s Grand Slam record and ascending back to No 1 in the world. His increased quality in matches left some questioning the validity of his injury as Alex de Minaur claimed everything “looked good” to him after losing to the world No 1 in the fourth round while Todd Woodbridge posed the idea that Djokovic was “playing up” the hamstring injury. The 35-year-old had already responded to his doubters earlier in the tournament but has now vowed to share exactly what he was going through during the tournament as the extent of the injury remains unclear. “I’m going to do some medical check-ups in the next few days, then I’ll be able to talk about it a bit more and understand the situation,” the 93-time title winner said during his trophy photoshoot in Melbourne. Looking ahead to his next tournaments and whether they could be foiled by the hamstring issue, he added: “As it stands today, I am still signed in for the] Dubai tournament, which is in a month’s time, and I hope I’ll be able to come back to the courts in several weeks’ time.” JUST IN: Sue Barker has already leaked her replacement as BBC Wimbledon host And Djokovic didn’t just give an update on how he would deal with the injury moving forward, as he vowed to prove his doubters wrong by showing exactly what he went through during his run at the Australian Open after confessing that the comments “bothered” him. It comes after his coach Goran Ivanisevic claimed that “97 per cent” of other players would have pulled out of the tournament had they received the MRI results Djokovic got on the Saturday before the first Major of 2023. “He said it exactly - 97 per cent? These two I was thinking whether I should publish anything about the injury, and I told myself that I will, I want to,” Djokovic said in response to his coach’s comments. “I will go into more detail and publish some photos on social media about everything we went through.” The 10-time Aussie Open champion also touched on his last victory in Melbourne back in 2021, when he tore his abdomen and was still able to win the title as he continued: “I don’t want to sound pathetic, I won the trophy. But two years ago, a similar thing happened, and people are doubting (that injury) even today, they say all kinds of things, make fun of it etc. DON'T MISSDaniil Medvedev drops to four-year low as Rafael Nadal in dangerCarlos Alcaraz wants Novak Djokovic clash 'soon' as he sends messageNovak Djokovic coach makes retirement call after Aus Open win "I feel the need to show and prove certain things. Not so much for those people, but for me - some comments bother me a little. You will get to know everything in a few days' time.” Djokovic revealed that he was opting not to practise on his days off during the Australian Open and confirmed after lifting the title that he followed through with the plan all the way to the end of the tournament. “That fact speaks for itself, it says that the injury represented something that I needed to address in a proper way, so that I could recover for my next match,” he explained. “If it was just a small issue, then I would practise, right? I have never experienced this situation before, to not practise on off days since the start of the tournament. “There are certain things that I would have liked to work on in practice – at least half an hour, some patterns for my next opponent for instance. I wanted to in the last four or five days, but my team stopped me: they said ’no’ and I accepted it.”