Naga Munchetty and Ben Thompson were back on Friday's BBC Breakfast and one of the main topics of discussion was Prince Harry's new tell-all memoir, Spare. The Duke of Sussex has made some bombshell claims in his new book which touch upon his ongoing feud with Prince William and his mother Princess Diana. During Friday's instalment, Naga and Ben spoke with royal reporter Nicholas Witchell about the latest claims. Nicholas reported one thing missing from the Duke of Sussex's book was the claims Harry had previously made about racism in the Royal Family. Naga began: "Nick, good to see you. These accusations, these claims they're out now. "I suppose really many people asking how the whole family going to react because yesterday you were telling us no comment." READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  Nicholas replied: "Yep, well, that continues to be the case, Naga. "And yes, the irresistible appeal of all of this, the media gorging on it yet again across all the front pages, and here we are leading the bulletins for the second day running. "At some point, I suspect many people will tire of this and I think you know, we also need to consider what's not in the book, which is certainly I suspect what the palace will be weighing up. "There are, after all, no, as it were irrecoverable lines that we're aware of on racially inappropriate language or behaviour." He continued: "Think back to the Oprah Winfrey interview, that was the big issue that emerged there. "I'm not aware that that has been taken forward in this book." "There are no irrecoverable lines actually, I think on Camilla," the royal correspondent pointed out. "The boys asked their father not to marry her because they feared that she would become a wicked stepmother. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [NEWS]Death in Paradise romance for Neville ‘confirmed’ [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Tommy is learning Spanish [SPOILERS] "She did not become the wicked stepmother according to this book. "There are no serious, significant criticisms of her and there are no I think, significant criticisms of their father in the way that he did his job as Prince of Wales or as he's doing his job as King. "So I suspect that the palace will be weighing this up clearly, and we'll be feeling that well, 'Yes, this is uncomfortable, but if we look back 30 years, we have been here before dealing with interviews and books, and we can weather this and we will get on with the job.'" On Sunday, Prince Harry is set to sit down with Tom Bradby in what will be another bombshell interview. The latest trailer shows Harry addressing his argument with Prince William. He said: “What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. “He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” The royal went on to add: "I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.