Prince Harry has said that the Royal Family cannot have "peace" unless the truth is heard, which is why he has decided to speak out. The Duke of Sussex, 38, has appeared in three interviews ahead of the release of his autobiography Spare today. The memoir details his struggles in the Firm and the difficulties he and wife Meghan Markle faced when she joined the family. Harry told ABC's Michael Strahan: "I don’t think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there. "If you can't rely on truth then I just don't see how peace is possible. "There’s a lot that I can forgive, but there needs to be conversations in order for reconciliation, and part of that has to be accountability." Harry's openness in the book goes against the well-established royal mantra of 'never complain, never explain'.  When asked by Strahan if he was surprised by his own candidness, the Prince responded: "No, not really. "Especially now with two kids, I've always wanted to try to lead by example as much as possible. "I think that being honest is kind of the best way forward, living by truth is the most efficient way to live. "So yes, there are things in the book about my personal life, but with all the things that have been written about me in the last 38 years, most of which have been untrue, I kind of figured, 'where's the boundary now?'"  READ MORE: Camilla's friend warns Harry's 'smears' could have sealed his fate In 'Prince Harry: In His Own Words', the Duke elaborates on many of the themes in the book, from his relationship with Prince William to the alleged "propaganda" perpetrated by the British press. Speaking about his "beloved" older brother and "arch nemesis", Harry said: "There has always been this competition between us. "I think it really plays into, or is plagued by the heir/spare."  DON'T MISS:Harry says 'unconscious bias can move into racism' [LATEST]Piers Morgan's plea amid claim Harry unveiled William's private moment [REPORT]Harry could be booed if he attends coronation, says Sharon Osbourne [SPOTLIGHT]