The next increase to the state pension age is set to take place in stages between 2026 and 2028, with the age increasing to 67. It will then go up again between 2044 and 2046, to 68. People pay towards their state pension through National Insurance contributions over the course of their working lives. But Becky O’Connor, Director of Public Affairs at PensionBee, told Express.co.uk increasing the state pension age inevitably means more Britons will not live long enough to be rewarded with the pension payments they have paid towards. She commented: “Across England, the life expectancy for men was 79.4 years old between 2018 and 2020 and 83.1 years old for women. "If the state pension age rises to 68, this gives at least a decade for the ‘average’ person to reasonably expect to receive it. READ MORE: State pension age increase could be slowed as Government review looms  “But yes, there is clearly a higher risk that people won’t live long enough to receive it with each increase to the entitlement age, as long as life expectancy isn’t increasing. “This is sadly particularly true for lower income people in regions where life expectancy has been wavering, including Scotland and the North of England. “In Scotland, male life expectancy in 2018 to 2020 was 76.8 years old, down from 77 years old in 2015 to 2017. “If this is the average life expectancy, then a higher number of people will also be dying younger than this, than previously.”  Analysts have warned the state pension age could increase further as the Government struggles to pay for increasing payments, with the potential to go up to 70 or beyond. State pension payments are increasing by 10.1 percent this year, with the return of the triple lock policy. This guarantees payments rise each year in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the average rise in earnings and the rate of inflation. The policy can mean sizeable payment increases for pensioners, such as with the current high rate of inflation, but this also means the Government has to find the money to cover the extra payments. READ MORE: State pension triple lock to offer ‘little light’ amid high inflation Ms O’Connor said: “If the state pension age rose at some point in the future to 70, then the number of people unfortunately dying before being able to claim it could rise quite significantly - more so in some areas than others. A rise to 68 would also see more people die before being able to claim it.” Mark Devlin, senior technical manager at M&G Wealth, told Express.co.uk that there are some areas where people are already dying without receiving their state pension. He said: “That danger is already here, there are a few areas in the UK that the average life expectancy is below state pension age. “Increasing the age would only increase the number of these areas. A professional financial adviser will be able to help you with creating a plan to help you avoid running out of money.” A Government review into the state pension age is due to be published this year before May. With the 10.1 percent increase in April, the full new state pension will increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. People on the full basic state pension will see their payments go up from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week. A person typically needs 30 years of National Insurance contributions to get the full basic state pension and 35 years of contributions to get the full new state pension.