Tottenham Hotspur forward Richarlison has explained why he brutally snubbed a first bump from Brazil team-mate Gabriel Martinelli during Sunday's defeat to Arsenal. The 25-year-old returned to action for Spurs in a dismal north London derby marred by antics after full-time. Arsenal triumphed 2-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium through Hugo Lloris' poor own goal and Martin Odegaard's long-range strike in the first half. The win extended the Gunners' lead at the Premier League summit to eight points, while Tottenham are five points behind fourth-placed Manchester United, having played a game more. But while Richarlison couldn't make the desired impact on the pitch, he made headlines for his attitude towards a few Arsenal players. One of his more surprising ill-mannered encounters was with fellow Brazilian Martinelli as he was about to take a corner for the visitors. As the 21-year-old forward walked over to the corner flag to take a corner, he offered Richarlison a friendly fist bump as the latter was warming up near the touchline. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE After holding his arm out for a few seconds to no response from the Spurs man, he turned away and took the corner. Speaking to ESPN after full-time, Richarlison apologised to Martinelli for ignoring him and explained he snubbed him because he was 'diving a lot'. He said: "I'd like to apologise to Martinelli. I told him he was diving a lot, so I didn't shake his hand. "Also, with Gabriel Magalhaes, I told him they were stopping play all the time. I just said, 'let's play'." Richarlison also aimed frustration at Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale, who celebrated in front of the home fans after the final whistle. DON'T MISS: Casemiro caught on camera in furious exchange during Man Utd win "What I really didn't like was their goalkeeper," Richarlison added. "He was celebrating in front of our fans. That's disrespect to our fans. He should have celebrated with their fans." The former Everton star engaged in a fiery exchange with Ramsdale at full-time before a Spurs fan kicked the latter. The supporter, who ran from the stands and jumped on an advertisement board to kick Ramsdale's back, has since been banned from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. He also ruffled Takehiro Tomiyasu's feathers while warming up as a substitute, barging the Japan defender's arm away as they stood next to each other on the touchline. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here