Liverpool star Fabinho escaped a red card just two minutes after being brought on during the Reds' FA Cup defeat by Brighton. The Brazilian appeared to rake his studs down the back of Ferguson's right heel, but received just a yellow card despite a VAR check. Fabinho had only just entered the pitch for Liverpool, replacing the 18-year-old Stefan Bajcetic in the defensive midfield position. Trying to make an immediate impact on the pitch, Fabinho lunged into a tackle on teenage Brighton attacker Ferguson. Referee David Coote showed the 30-year-old a yellow card, but VAR then started checking replays of the incident. Footage showed that Fabinho had - albeit accidentally - raked his studs down the achilles of the Irishman. As the VAR officials continued reviewing the tackle, Fabinho could be seen with his head in his hands. He appeared convinced that he would be dismissed, and shared a word with team-mate Trent Alexander-Arnold. JUST IN: The 6 worst January deadline deals ever including Chelsea flop Torres However, much to the surprise of everyone watching, Fabinho got away with just a yellow. Officials must take into account the force of the tackle before insisting that the on-pitch referee sends off a player. The fact that Fabinho's challenge was not particularly forceful perhaps saved the Brazil international. Ferguson, 18, had his match ended by the challenge. It came just after Ibrahima Konate had got away with what seemed like a shove on Alexis Mac Allister. The Argentine had burst through on goal and Konate, who was already on a yellow card, leant into the back of the attacking midfielder. Coote felt that it was a fair shoulder-to-shoulder challenge by the Liverpool defender. Andy Robertson was then lucky to only receive a yellow card for a strong tackle late in the game. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE - Tottenham chase two deals, Newcastle agree feeLiverpool could have signed Caicedo for £85m less than Arsenal may payLiverpool boss Klopp decides on Nunez with six changes vs Brighton Fan @Norby675 tweeted: “What has happened to having the best refs in the game in England. That should have been two red cards for Liverpool. What the hell is VAR looking at? They can find 2cm offside but cannot see a dangerous foul. How did Fabinho get away with that? Robertson studs for the free kick.” @OptimusAFC added: “You can see by Fabinho's reaction if he was given a red card, he would've accepted it. The match officials in England are shocking as they allow dangerous tackles go unpunished week in week out. If this happened in European competition, it would've been a straight red.” Brighton might have suspected that they were out of luck given their opponents were not reduced to 10 men. However, attacker Kaoru Mitoma scored a last-minute winner to send the Seagulls through to the fifth round. It completed a remarkable turnaround for Roberto De Zerbi’s side, who had gone a goal down courtesy of Harvey Elliott’s first-half strike. Lewis Dunk had equalised before Mitoma bagged the winner.