Jeremy Renner, 51, was left with blunt chest trauma and severe skeletal injuries after he was reportedly run over by the snowcat plow he was using to clear his driveway. The Marvel star is now undergoing a second surgery following his first one yesterday, in a bid to begin what will be a long road to recovery. The two-time Oscar nominee had been attempting to clear heavy snow from the grounds of his five bedroom Lake Tahoe ranch. However, the safety features of his PistenBully snow groomer machine are said to have failed, and the vehicle ran over his leg. A neighbour said to be a doctor rushed to the scene to help and administered a tourniquet to his leg to stem blood loss. However, he was reportedly still extensively bleeding when he was airlifted to hospital on Sunday morning, and remains in a critical condition today. READ NOW: Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance The actor's reps have confirmed his status in a public statement, while fans have rushed online to inundate him with support. "We can confirm Jeremy is in critical but stable condition with injuries suffered after experiencing a weather related accident while plowing snow earlier today," the statement read. It added: "His family is with him and he is receiving excellent care." The snow groomer model that caused the injury is no longer available from the brand's website, but it is still being sold as a secondhand vintage model on sites such as eBay. Jeremy's driveway reportedly often became blocked due to snowfall, and the sheer scale of his land meant he was forced to use a snow-ploughing machine regularly to dislodge it. Despite living in the state of Nevada, just a few hours drive from the desert landscapes around Las Vegas, he still received a lot of wintery weather due to residing in an altitude of almost 2000m. The area is said to receive an average of 400 inches of snow per year, and the big freeze has intensified recently over there, with last night's temperatures reportedly exceeding -7 degrees C. Jeremy's luxurious ranch there contains its own recording studio, packed with the musical talent's drum kit, guitars and piano. DON'T MISS... Megan Fox spills out of top as she says she's 'seeking a girlfriend [PICTURES] James Jordan's wife Ola says he's no 'misogynist' over weight comments [DEBATE] Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [OPINION]  He is also passionate about renovating trucks, reportedly having a collection of at least 200. The actor, who has appeared in films including S.W.A.T and 28 Weeks Later, is a favourite in his community as the trucks - including ambulances and snowcats - have previously been used to help everyone in the local area deal with extreme weather conditions. These have included wildfires and blizzards, while the big-hearted star was also known to have helped out at local shelters for the homeless. Meanwhile, the local Sheriff also released a statement explaining the actor's woes. "At approximately 9:00am on January 1, 2023, the Washoe County Sheriff's Office responded to a traumatic injury in the area of Mt. Rose Highway in Reno, Nevada," he explained. "Upon arrival, Deputies coordinated with Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District and REMSA Health to arrange for medical transport of Mr. Jeremy Renner via care flight to a local area hospital." He confirmed that the showbiz favourite was "the only involved party" in the accident. The Sheriff then concluded: "The Washoe County Sheriff's Office Major Accident Investigation Team is currently looking into the circumstances of the incident."