Manchester United have reinforced Erik ten Hag's attacking ranks by agreeing a deal to sign Burnley striker Wout Weghorst on loan until the end of the season. However, his arrival might not be good news for everyone, with a handful of players in the firing line. Express Sport understands United will pay Besiktas a £2.7million compensation fee to cut Weghorst's loan short and lure him to Old Trafford this month. But three current Red Devils stars, and one former, might not be as excited as supporters about the Dutchman sealing a dream move to the club. Weghorst doesn't exactly threaten Martinez's place in the team, but Ten Hag will hope there isn't bad blood between the two after his bust-up with Argentina at the World Cup. The 30-year-old clashed with Argentina players during the quarter-final and after in the tunnel, with Lionel Messi particularly taking offence to his actions. Given the national squad's loyalty to their talisman and captain, Martinez may not think the best of Weghorst. But the pair will have to form a good relationship in line with Ten Hag's demands for harmony and a strong ethos throughout his entire squad. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Alejandro Garnacho has enjoyed a phenomenal breakout season at United, becoming a full-time member of Ten Hag's first team. The 18-year-old has already made 14 appearances this term, scoring two goals and providing four assists. But Weghorst's arrival could push Anthony Martial out wide more regularly, in turn resulting in decreased minutes. With Jadon Sancho also set to return, Garnacho may have to settle for a more reserved role than he has grown used to in recent months. DON'T MISS: Man Utd’s unhappiness emerges as Wout Weghorst prepares for medical Martial could fear Weghorst's arrival himself after having to either deputise for Cristiano Ronaldo or watch from the sidelines injured over the last season-and-a-half. The Frenchman has had no competition at the spearhead of Ten Hag's attack since Ronaldo's exit, but he's failed to capitalise, scoring just once in his last six games. And if Weghorst hits the ground running at Old Trafford, potentially in Saturday's Manchester derby, Martial could lose his place and have to settle for a backup role for the remainder of the season. With Ten Hag also eyeing a long-term striker this summer, it could even spell the end of his time as United's starting No 9 altogether. Cristiano Ronaldo is long gone from United - as in now playing his football almost on the other side of the world at Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia... But Weghorst's arrival could emphasise just how ineffective he was for the Red Devils this season, given the Dutchman is also a veteran with a similar build. Ronaldo scored three times in 16 games before United terminated his contract in November as his age started to show, though he tried denying its inevitable effect more than once. If his replacement notches that number in a small percentage of those appearances, his stock will likely sink even lower. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here