Manchester United face a race against time to get Wout Weghorst registered in time for him to feature against Manchester City this weekend with the deal reportedly being held up because of Vincent Aboubakar's demands to Besiktas. United have been working with a tight budget this month to find Cristiano Ronaldo's replacement at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag made it clear that he wouldn't be able to rely on Anthony Martial as his sole option through the middle between now and the end of the season. Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga have been used as makeshift strikers in recent weeks. But the January window was seen as an opportunity to bolster Ten Hag's squad with a central striker the priority. Joao Felix and Memphis Depay had been linked as cheap loan alternatives, but Weghorst has emerged as the top target. The deal has proven to be complex though with Weghorst currently midway through a season-long loan at Besiktas. The Turkish side are reluctant to let Weghorst cut his loan short to join United unless they're given adequate compensation. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   According to the Manchester Evening News, United are 'close to reaching an agreement' with Besiktas to pay a fee in the region of £2.5millon. But the report adds that nothing has been finalised yet as Besiktas want a replacement in place before the deal goes ahead. Aboubakar, who had also been linked with a move to Old Trafford, is Besiktas' top target. However, the Cameroon international reportedly wants Besiktas to match the wages he was on at Al-Nassr.  Besiktas are said to be reluctant to agree to Aboubakar's demands, putting a potential halt to Weghorst's move to United for the time being. That could have a knock-on effect for United with Ten Hag hoping to integrate Weghorst into his team as early as possible. They have until midday on Friday to register Weghorst as part of their squad in time to be included against City on Saturday. Ten Hag's side then face two trips down to the capital the following week with away fixtures against Crystal Palace and table-toppers Arsenal. United will likely want Weghorst signed and confirmed by next week in order to get the 30-year-old up to speed and in contention to feature. Ten Hag has raised concerns over Martial's fitness and three games in just eight days would likely test his limits.