HSBC UK has announced it is increasing interest rates on five savings account, effective from February 2. For instant savings accounts, there will be a rise of up to 0.55 percentage points, and 0.25 percentage points to its Help To Buy ISA. The interest rate for the Premier Savings account is going up from 0.65 percent to 1.2 percent while the Flexible Saver is going up from 0.65 percent to 0.9 percent. Savers with an Online Bonus Saver will see their rate go up from 0.65 percent to 0.9 percent, excluding the bonus. Those with a Help to Buy ISA will see their interest rate go up from 0.65 percent to 0.9 percent, for balances of more than £12,000. The base interest rate is currently 3.5 percent with many analysts predicting the Bank of England could increase rates again. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again Savings rates that have increased with HSBC over the past year include: Many banks and building societies pass on the increases while others do not, meaning savers may want to shop around to make sure they have the best deal. Tim Leonard, from NerdWallet, told Express.co.uk: “When it comes to savings rates there is no time like the present to be trying to tie down a good return. “Interest rates on easy access accounts are at highs not seen since December 2008, while many other types of accounts are offering even higher returns too. “This includes fixed rate bonds, although with some fixed rates having started to drop in recent weeks, this is one of the reasons why it might be best to explore your options now.” READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% The central Bank has continued to raise interest rates in efforts to tackle soaring inflation. The rate of inflation peaked at over 11 percent last year and is currently at 10.5 percent. But many experts have warned the base interest rate may increase anyway. Rio Stedford, a financial planning expert at Quilter, spoke about her concerns for future rate hikes to come amid the ongoing cost of living crisis. She said: “The Bank of England’s successive interest rate rises have attempted to tame runaway inflation over the last few months and while today’s inflation figures show a small decrease. “People’s buying power has taken a real hit and it is likely to take some time to come down. However, on average forecasts expect inflation to be around two percent by the end of next year. “Inflation can have a negative impact on people's money by decreasing its purchasing power. “When the rate of inflation is high, the value of money decreases, and it takes more money to buy the same goods or services. “This means that people must spend more money just to maintain their standard of living, and they may not be able to afford as much as they could before. This is how inflation impacts a variety of personal finance issues.” The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) will meet on February 2 to discuss further interest rate changes.