Andretti Global and General Motors have teamed up in a new F1 entry bid under the Cadillac name and will soon file a formal entry request with the sport's governing body. FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem has already spoken out on the development and claims to be 'looking forward' to further talks on the matter. Andretti and GM both confirmed their intentions to join forces on Thursday, the day after the FIA announced their own plans to expand the F1 grid in years to come. As explained in a joint press conference, the two parties have been in discussions for months with several key elements of the team already falling into place. According to Michael Andretti, owner of Andretti Autosport and son of former F1 world champion Mario Andretti, a collaboration with an engine supplier is in the works and a team principal has already been hired, although he refused to delve into specifics. On Twitter, Ben Sulayem wrote: "I welcome the news of the Cadillac and Andretti partnership and the FIA looks forward to further discussions on the FIA F1 World Championship Expressions of Interest process." A time frame is yet to be given on when Cadillac could make their racing debut. DON'T MISS: McLaren boss weighs into Red Bull, Mercedes and Ferrari 'dominance' with Schumacher quip  Andretti had previously lined up an engine deal with Renault when chasing their own standalone project and when senior figures were asked whether Honda was now an option, neither Michael Andretti nor GM president Mark Reuss ruled it out as a possibility. The start of a lengthy statement released by Andretti Autosport on Thursday reads: "Today Andretti Global and General Motors, two American powerhouses in the automotive and motorsport sectors, have announced their intent to pursue the opportunity to compete in the FIA Formula One World Championship. GM would be represented by the Cadillac brand.  "The Andretti Cadillac team would be based in the U.S. with a support facility in the U.K. This reunites two iconic American companies with deep motorsports pedigrees and provides the opportunity to build on previous racing accomplishments while expanding international reach for both brands. "F1 has seen consistent growth globally and most recently in the U.S. with 2023 races in Austin, Miami and Las Vegas. The Andretti Cadillac team is planning to submit an Expression of Interest when the FIA opens the formal process. If selected, the team is seeking to compete as soon as practical with at least one American driver."  Talk of an American driver has already got F1 fans' minds stirring with Colton Herta - an IndyCar race winner with Andretti - the leading candidate. Herta came within a whisker of signing for AlphaTauri in 2023 before the deal fell through. Bringing a heavyweight name like Cadillac to F1 would guarantee the finances to compete with accomplished teams on the grid, as well as introducing commercial benefits as the sport gains popularity in the USA. 