Roy Keane has been left red-faced by former international team-mate Kevin Kilbane after he revealed the ex-Manchester United captain asked to be ‘shot’ if he became a pundit after his playing career. The 51-year-old has gained notoriety for his comments live on Sky Sports and ITV with his rants regularly going viral. Keane is widely considered to be one of the most no-nonsense players in football history, becoming an inspirational captain for both United and the Republic of Ireland. He was also well known for having a short temper, picking up 13 red cards over the course of his career - an English record. He has taken this approach into punditry and it has proved to be popular with fans who regularly tune in for what he has to say. Now Kilbane, who has also taken up punditry after his career, has revealed it was not originally the midfielder’s plan. “I have to be honest, I didn't actually see Roy [Keane] getting into punditry,” he exclusively told Ladbrokes: Fanzone. He always used to say "if you ever see me on TV after I've retired, you can shoot me". That was Roy's opinion of pundits going back 20 years ago. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “But times change, and I suppose people mellow when they finish their careers, and it's a hard transition when players do hang up their boots. Do you go into coaching, do you try punditry, or other aspects of the game? It's hard in those first few years to get your head around what you're going to do next. “It's never something I saw him getting into because of what he always used to say about pundits, so it definitely surprised me... especially when you look at how big a role he has for Sky now. I thought he might dip his toes in a little bit, and maybe do the occasional game here and there, but it looks like him and Sky are a great fit. READ MORE:Arsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change “I've got to say, to be fair to him, I actually really like him as a pundit. I think pundits should have a strong opinion, because that's what football is all about. “We've seen so many wishy-washy pundits over the years who don't like to really go out and give their opinion on things, and that's just not the case whatsoever with Roy. I'm a big fan of him for that reason; he'll go in with two feet at times but ultimately he speaks from the heart.”