No snooker star in history has had more headline than Ronnie O'Sullivan - and not always for the right reasons. The seven-time world champion has divided opinion again of late, claiming last year that he was no longer bothered if he won or lost matches, and refusing to acknowledge Judd Trump when he completed a 147 against him. Express Sport looks at the controversies which have tainted an otherwise iconic career. Ronnie loses his rag with the press 'The Rocket' was aged just 20 when he landed himself in hot water with snooker bosses. Playing in the 1996 World Championships, the young star, aged 20, was banned and fined after admitting to assaulting a press officer. A tournament exit on disciplinary grounds seemed likely, but mercifully, he escaped with a two-year suspended ban and a £30,000 fine. Heading off against Hendry O’Sullivan's motivation was often questioned in his earlier years, and with good reason in 2006 after his Maplin Championship quarter final with Stephen Hendry in York. Trailing 4-1, but leading 24-0 in the sixth frame, the Englishman got up and shook his hands with his opponent before leaving the arena and never returning. Angry spectators were left short-changed, and offered free tickets for the next round. Effing and blinding in the Far East O'Sullivan wasn't in the mood for polite chat after being dumped out of the 2008 China Open. During the press conference afterwards, he was caught on camera making vile comments,  translated to “Suck my d***.” The star later explained he didn't know his microphones were on, and had to forfeit his appearance money and ranking points from the event. JUST IN: Stephen Maguire launches blistering attack on snooker bosses in angry rant - 'It's dying' Leaving a maximum out there The saga with Trump last year wasn't the first 147 storm involving O'Sullivan. At the 2010 World Open in Glasgow, he was left with a simple black to complete the feat, only to then shake the hand of the ref and return to his chair. His apparent discontent was over there being no bonus cash prize for a 147, but after prolonged discussions, he did eventually knock in the black. O'Sullivan socks it to Steadman There seemed little cause for concern as O'Sullivan led debutant Craig Steadman 4-2 lead when he started moaning about his shoes. Not one to hang around, he then removed them only to be told he was in breach of the Crucible dress code. To avoid farce, tournament director Mike Ganley donated his own pair, and 'the Rocket' soldiered on. DON'T MISS:Stephen Hendry fined by snooker bosses after Masked Singer absencesYan Bingtao and Zhao Xintong learn fate as 10 stars charged in snooker match-fixing probeJudd Trump beats Mark Williams 10-8 to win second Masters Snooker title and claim £250k Barry Hearn left unhappy O'Sullivan and snooker supremo Barry Hearn haven't always had a harmonious relationship, and things were spikey between the two after the 2016 Welsh Open. Yet again, a 147 was on the cards, but unhappy at just £10,000 being on offer, the icon deliberately derailed himself in protest. Hearn, as you can imagine, was not impressed. He later tweeted: "It's up to Ronnie as I don't play his shots for him! If 10k doesn't mean anything then I'm sorry for him."