A university student is still missing two days after jumping into the ocean as part of a trend known as polar plunging. Rescuers have called off the search for college wrestler Hamzah Alsaudi, 22, after he entered the cold waters of Esplanade Beach, California on Thursday. The San Francisco State student was swept away by a large wave at around 10.30am in temperatures of around 53 degrees (11C).  He had been swimming with two friends, who told KTVU they were taking part in a "polar plunge" - a trend which sees swimmers jump into cold water in the winter months. Esplanade Beach runs along the coast of Pacifica, a city 15 miles south of San Francisco. It experienced dangerous rip tides on Thursday. Friends searched for the political science student after he disappeared but to no avail.  They then ran back onto the beach, prompting a missing persons operation involving police and the coastguard. Drones, aircraft and a surface vessel were unable to locate him. The search was called off later on Thursday. Search efforts will not be resumed this weekend, according to San Francisco State officials. READ MORE: Native Hawaiian girls are disproportionately missing and murdered Jamillah Moore, Vice President for Student Affairs at San Francisco State University, said in a statement: "I write to you with a heavy heart. “At this time, we have been told that authorities are no longer actively searching for Hamzah, and he is considered missing. "Hamzah is one of our seniors majoring in political science with a minor in Arab and Muslim ethnicities and diasporas (AMED) studies. "He is also a beloved member of the SF State Wrestling team. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Gator community right now as we process this news.   "Campus resources are available for the members of our community who need assistance during this difficult time." Christopher Clements, Pacifica Acting Chief of Police, said there is no further information available in relation to Alsaudi's disappearance. The 11C water off Esplanade Beach would have felt freezing, according to a temperature guide by the Outdoor Swimming Society.