Previously any claimant working at least 12 hour a week at the National Living Wage was not required to meet regularly with a Jobcentre work coach. Now this threshold is being increased to 15 hours a week, or to 24 hours a week for couples. The new rules come into force today with the change to begin affecting claimants from February 26, 2023. Some 120,000 claimants will be affected by the change to the Administrative Earnings Threshold (AET). Those who have been told they need to look for work and who fail to comply with the requirements could be sanctioned, with their payments reduced. The threshold is increasing from £494 a month for single claimants to £617 a month while the threshold for couples is increasing from £617 to £988. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come  Anyone affected by the change will be contacted by the DWP. The AET determines if a person is put into a light touch work group or into the intensive work search group, for those below the threshold. Those in the light touch group do not have to look for work and have fewer requirements to contact the Jobcentre. People in the intensive work search group are given more extensive commitments they must meet to keep their benefits. Claimants who are unable to work due to long-term sickness or a disability are exempt from sanctions.  Some of the work activities that a person may be asked to take part in include: READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, Mel Stride said: "A hallmark of a compassionate society is giving those on low incomes the tools to progress and earn more. "It is important that we continue to deliver targeted support so that those in work have access to the expertise and guidance of our dedicated work coaches. "By raising the Administrative Earnings Threshold, we are forging a robust labour market building on positive changes we have already made and supporting even more people to progress in the workplace." A claimant can find out what their precise requirements are in their Claimant Commitment, with a new commitment issued if a person’s circumstances change. A change in circumstances could include a person taking up a new job or another change in their earnings. The document will include details of what a person agrees to do to prepare for and look for work, and how they need to look to increase their earnings if they are in work. The commitment also includes details warning a person what will happen if they fail to meet each of their responsibilities. Universal Credit payments are to increase by 10.1 percent in April, along with many other benefits, including PIP and Pension Credit.