The Wagner Group founder is known as "Vladimir Putin's chef" due to his ties to the Kremlin and food catering business empire. A former employee has revealed to a magazine in France how kitchen staff who fell foul of Prigozhin ended up receiving brutal beatings. The 40-year-old who used to work at Prigozhin 's Concord Catering told Society how "the chef was taken to the cellar and beaten to the point of being hospitalised for two months" after a customer complained about a dish over the quality of the tomatoes. On other occasions, the unnamed ex-employee recalled those workers accused of stealing food being "taken to a forest and beaten" He added: "I saw them do it." The man described Prigozhin as having been “a pleasant person," at first with "a great sense of humour".  "But once you were under his orders, he became swiftly terrifying," he explained. The former employee shared a brutal prank the Wagner boss would play on unfortunate hires. He told the magazine: "One of his recurring jokes is to walk into his employees’ office with guns in hand and say: ‘Come on, let’s talk, I’m going to kill you’,” The man added: "The possibility of dying in a car accident or being stabbed in the back on the street is something one has in mind when working at home."  Wagner forces are actively engaged in many of the bloodiest battles in eastern Ukraine, with the private contractors plugging the large manpower shortage suffered by the regular Russian military. Recruiting convicts from Russian prisoners has swelled Wagner's ranks in recent months. Express.co.uk recently spoke with the commander of the Ukrainian army's Georgian Legion about his experience facing Wagner fighters on the frontline.Speaking from the war zone, Mamuka Mamulashvili told Express.co.uk: "At the beginning of the war Wagner was more professional but most of them were destroyed. DON'T MISS Ukrainian commander has helped decimate Wagner thugs [INSIGHT]Ukraine wipes out entire Russian military unit in Soledar [NEWS]Putin facing mutiny as Ukraine details reason behind military changes [REVEAL] "At this time, the terroristic company has only prisoners as mercenaries, who are not professionals. "They have no combat experience, actually no experience of holding a weapon at all." Mamulashvili also boasted of recent battlefield victories over Wagner, he told Express.co.uk: "Recently the Georgian Legion liquidated a Wagner unit of sixteen men. "Those guys were in an intelligence unit, the most recent was an 11-man group that was killed by the Georgian Legion. They were also Wagner Group who were also intelligence and planning an attack on a Ukrainian position."