Chelsea have three goalkeepers on their transfer shortlist to put the futures of both Edouard Mendy and Kepa Arrizabalaga at risk, according to reports. The Blues are likely to assess their options in goal at the end of the season. Kepa overtook Mendy as the Chelsea No 1 earlier this season. Mendy is now out with a fractured finger and the Spaniard doesn't have much competition for his place in Graham Potter's side. Kepa has enjoyed his longest spell in the Chelsea team since his debut campaign at Stamford Bridge. The £72million signing from Athletic Bilbao was initially replaced by Mendy as the first-choice stopper at Stamford Bridge in 2020. Mendy played a big part in Chelsea's Champions League-winning campaign a couple of years ago. However, he has suffered from a drop of form at club level. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  It appears Potter has not been convinced by either player since he replaced Thomas Tuchel in September. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims there are three goalkeepers Chelsea are potentially looking at signing at the end of the season. Brentford's David Raya and Brighton's Robert Sanchez, as well as Everton's Jordan Pickford, are the trio named. Raya and Sanchez were both part of the Spain squad that participated at the World Cup in Qatar. Raya has also been linked with Manchester United and Tottenham. Spurs are also said to be interested in England stopper Pickford. Chelsea have made six signings so far this month but are unlikely to bring in a goalkeeper before the January window ends on Tuesday. Summer is likely to be the time when Potter assesses his options in goal. DON'T MISSNewcastle target Maddison received 'concrete offer' with late move on cardsArsenal can sign cheaper Caicedo alternative after Brighton bid rejectedCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton message  Both Kepa and Mendy see their Chelsea contracts expire in the summer of 2025. Reports in December claimed Mendy had rejected the offer of a renewal in west London. The Sun said that Mendy saw the offer as 'disrespectful' as he wants to earn the same amount that rival Kepa takes home. AC Milan, Monaco and Nice were all named as clubs keeping an eye on Mendy's situation at Chelsea. Earlier this season, Potter insisted he did not want to label either of his keepers as the No 1. He said: "We are in no rush to label anyone a No 1 or a No 2 or anything like that. "We’ve got two goalkeepers and in an ideal world, we want football to decide. We’ve got two ones that we believe in and that’s a good situation for us."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here