  Love Island fans have been rooting for Will ever since he was momentarily left without a partner when the girls chose which boys they wanted to couple up with in the first episode of the series. However, ITV viewers have been left concerned they will have to say goodbye to the fan favourite at the next recoupling.     Will has yet to find a romantic connection in the Love Island villa. Despite not doing well with the girls of the villa, fans of the ITV show can’t enough of the farmer. In the latest recoupling, Lana chose Will but made it clear they were just friends. Lana was unable to choose her romantic interest Ron as Tanyel had already picked him. Read more: Here's a look at the new Love Island cast    As the competition hots up, Love Islands fans are worried Will could be flying home sooner rather than later. OnlyloveisIand tweeted: “Somebody get will a woman i love this man #LoveIsland.” JZA_1 wrote: “Will needs to come out of this b******t house... #loveisland.” “Although this decision is s**t” Lana says before she picks Will…GIRL you’d be lucky to have someone funny and sweet as Will #loveisland,” DimplesPrettyx added.      Justmeechyy said: “I really don’t want Will to friendzone himself with Jessie, he needs to stay in this villa  #LoveIsland.” “Send someone in that’s all for will and make them win #LoveIslandUK #loveisland,” Loveislandukx shared. Kuangdom agreed: “Will is so fun. He probably won’t go far in the villa but I hope he finds his person #LoveIsland.” Meanwhile, new arrival Jessie has shown an interest in the famer. DON'T MISSDancing On Ice's Ekin-Su sparks more uproar for 'flashing' underwear [VIDEO]Maya Jama given 'more airtime' than Laura Whitmore in Love Island [INSIGHT]ITV confirm Love Island spin-off for 'middle aged' hopefuls  [INSIGHT]     Pulling Jessie for a chat, Will said: “If you hook up with someone are you going to be moving to the UK, are we going to be moving to Australia?” “I honestly am so happy to travel and I shouldn’t be like that but I am,” the Australian replied. “I’m always like, I’m not going to do this, I’m not going to do that.’” Flirting with the new bombshell, Will commented that she seemed “super adventurous”.      “That’s what I want to do. I want to pack my bags, get off the farm for a bit,” Will said. In the beach hut, he added: “We were just chatting away and it was really, really nice. “It was one of those chats where I forgot everyone was here.” Love Island continues on ITV2 on Tuesday at 9pm.   