Vikings: Valhalla returns to Netflix on January 12 and it will see Freydís Eiríksdóttir (played by Frida Gustavsson) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) reunite with Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett). However, all three have their own paths to follow and it will not be an easy journey for any of them. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is joining the cast. Lord Harekr is the leader of Jomsborg and he is married to Gudrid. He is played by Bradley James, a 39-year-old English actor known for playing Arthur Pendragon in the BBC series Merlin. Viewers may also recognise him from The Liberator, Medici: Masters of Florence, Damien and Bounty Hunters. Gudrid is Harekr's wife and she is loyal to her husband but is much more empathetic than him. She is played by Yngvild Støen Grotmol, a 43-year-old Norwegian actress and singer. She has lived all over the world, having grown up in Oslo and San Fransisco. The star also spent time living in the Dominican Republic and is bilingual. Her credits include Ride Upon the Storm, Eyewitness and Rådebank. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla intimacy coordinator on necessity of sex scenes Mariam is an extremely intelligent woman who knows how to read and write, as well as understand mathematics. She is played by Hayat Kamille, a TV and theatre actress and producer. Her credits include Death on the Nile, Murder on the Orient Express and Tyrant.  Eleana is a mysterious young woman who comes from a wealthy family and finds herself travelling with Harald and Leif. She is played by Sofya Lebedeva, a 29-year-old Russian actress known for her TV roles. She has previously starred in 1703, Posledniy ministr and Tonkie Materii. Kurya is a blind man who knows the ways of the water and foreign lands very well. He is played by Tolga Safer, a 40-year-old British actor known for playing Igor Karkaroff's aide in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. His other credits include Britannia, Casualty and Doctors.  Birkir is played by Joakim Nätterqvist, a 48-year-old Swedish actor and theatre director. He is also a music artist, singer, songwriter and acting coach. The star is known for his roles in Arn – The Knight Templar, Life in Fagervik Village and Gåsmamman. DON'T MISS... What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER] Vikings' original cast member teases return in Netflix Valhalla sequel [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom film Seven Kings Must Die cast list is expanding [EXPLAINER] George Maniakes was a real-life general of the Byzantine Empire during the 11th century. He is played by Florian Munteanu, a German-born Romanian actor and boxer also known as Big Nasty. The star is known for playing the boxer Viktor Drago in Creed II and Creed III, and for playing Razor Fist in the superhero film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.  Emperor Romanos was a real-life member of the Byzantine military aristocracy. He was crowned Byzantine Emperor and reigned from 1068 to 1071. He is played by Nikolai Kinski, a French-American film, TV and theatre actor. The 46-year-old is known for his roles in Barbarians, Berlin Station, The Sinking of the Laconia and 1915. Yaroslav the Wise is the uncle of Harald Sigurdsson and Harald calls on him for support. Based on the real-life Yaroslav, the character is played by Marcin Dorociński. Marcin is a 49-year-old Polish film, TV and stage actor known for The Queen's Gambit, Deep Water and The Wave of Crime.  Jorundr is a mysterious man who believes Freydis could be of great help in Jombsborg. He is played by Stanislav Callas, a 33-year-old Russian actor known for Jojo Rabbit and Knightfall. He may also be recognised from The Liberator and The Defeated.  Vikings Valhalla season 2 airs on January 12