Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) is having to face a future without her ex-husband Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) who she reunited with just hours before his presumed death at sea. However, EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw has teased “big plans” for The Vic landlady and has confirmed there is plenty in store for the beloved character. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, the executive producer teased Linda’s future storylines. He said: “Linda is still very much at the heart of Albert Square and it's so great to have Kelly. “She's not going to go over Mick very quickly. She was just reunited with him and then obviously he was snatched away from her so it won't be all smiles straight away. “But there are big plans for Linda. [Linda] is going to shoot something which goes out just after our anniversary in February.” Read more: EastEnders return for Robbie Jackson as fans spot telling clue Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, the executive producer teased Linda’s future storylines. He said: “Linda is still very much at the heart of Albert Square and it's so great to have Kelly. “She's not going to go over Mick very quickly. She was just reunited with him and then obviously he was snatched away from her so it won't be all smiles straight away. “But there are big plans for Linda. [Linda] is going to shoot something which goes out just after our anniversary in February.” “It's something that we as a show have not done before and Linda is at the centre of it,” he hinted. The EastEnders boss went on to address Linda’s future in The Vic. “There's a question mark over the future of The Vic at the moment,” Chris revealed. “Kellie knows what's happening, we know what's happening with The Vic and it's very exciting.” EastEnders fans will know Linda is currently away from Walford and spending time with her children. Spoilers confirm she will be horrified to return to a pub packed full of punters. In recent scenes, Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) snuck into The Vic after stealing the keys from Denise Fox (Diane Parish). He opens up in a bid to keep the business going and with the hope Linda will offer him a job as a thank you. DON'T MISSDame Barbara Windsor would be 'very sad' about royal feud  [INTERVIEW]EastEnders's Kat Slater will struggle after 'terrible situation' [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Ben Mitchell crushed over Jay and Lola wedding mix-up [SPOILER] However, in Wednesday’s episode, Linda arrives home and furiously hits out at her neighbours for having a good time. She accuses them of not caring that Mick is dead and throws them all out. Later in the week, Alfie gathers the landlord’s friends in The Vic and surprises Linda with a vigil in his honour. Mick’s friends and family reflect on their relationships with the beloved member of the community. However, the vigil is interrupted by the police looking for Linda. It’s not yet known what the police will have to say but they could have information about Mick’s disappearance. Will they break Linda’s heart and reveal they have found evidence that Mick has died following his heroic attempts to rescue his ex-wife? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.