Convicted sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell claims the infamous photo of her, Prince Andrew and Virginia Giuffre is not real. The 61-year-old, appearing on TV tomorrow during an interview from her Florida prison cell, says she has "no memory" of the Duke's meeting with Ms Giuffre. In the full interview, the disgraced socialite is expected to discuss her relationship with members of the Royal Family and paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Maxwell, 61, is currently serving a 20-year prison sentence after being found guilty last year of luring young women and girls to Epstein, who molested them. TalkTV host Jeremy Kyle interviewed her for an episode titled 'Ghislaine Behind Bars', set to air at 7pm on Monday. In a preview, Maxwell speaks to Kyle about the image, said to be taken in her Mayfair home, of Andrew with his arm around Ms Giuffre. Maxwell is pictured in the background, smiling. She said: "I have no memory of them meeting. And I don’t think that picture is real. “There is no original of that photo, (just) copies of copies and parts of it, according to some experts, look like it has been photoshopped. I don’t remember her in my home.” She adds: “I know that Virginia travelled with Jeffrey, and so it’s entirely possible. “It wasn’t something so outrageously out of left field that it couldn’t have happened. “But the photo doesn’t appear to be real. And I don’t recall it being taken. I have no memory of Virginia and Prince Andrew meeting.”   Discussing the show, Kyle said: "Ghislaine Maxwell will be speaking for the first time from inside prison. She’s the most notorious female inmate on the planet. “But since being jailed for sex trafficking, Ghislaine Maxwell has kept her silence, until now. “She lifts the lid on Epstein, Prince Andrew and even our late Queen. This is Ghislaine Maxwell behind bars and in her own words.”  READ MORE: Jailed Ghislaine Maxwell hosting ‘etiquette’ classes for inmates Epstein died in a jail cell in 2019 aged 66. In February, Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre to stave off a civil court case. Ms Giuffre had been suing the Duke of York, claiming he sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations and the undisclosed sum was not an admission of liability.  Maxwell was convicted of five charges in December 2021 relating to the recruitment of victims for Epstein between 1994 and 2004 following a month-long trial. In a New York court, she was found guilty of sex trafficking of a minor, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors and conspiracy to entice minors to travel to engage in illegal sex acts  She expressed remorse to her victims, saying "I hope my conviction and harsh incarceration brings you closure". She has since appealed her conviction and sentence claiming she is innocent.