The number of National Insurance contributions a person can buy back will change on April 5, 2023, sparking a campaign to take action now. The calls come from the Lead5050 organisation, which has launched a campaign to "urge people in the UK to check if your state pension is missing any NI contributions". A post on LinkedIn warns: "Before April 5, 2023 you can buy back up to 16 qualifying years. "After April 5, you can only buy back six. This will disproportionately affect women." The post goes on to explain it's possible to check one's current state pension status online via Gov.uk's "Check your State Pension forecast" service. An infographic alongside the post read: "Act now - time is running out", before asking: "Are you a UK resident aged between 45-70?" READ MORE: Britons could save money on energy bills as National Grid announces live event It proceeded to ask if one has ever had periods of not paying National Insurance contributions. This could include child care, living abroad or having a low income threshold. Addressing many people who get the new state pension, the campaign stated: "If you don't have 35 years of National Insurance contributions you WILL NOT QUALIFY FOR A FULL STATE PENSION. "You can currently buy back missed years, but this is about to change on April 5, 2023." It's something which financial journalist Martin Lewis highlighted in the Martin Lewis Podcast in November last year. The founder of Money Saving Expert said: "If you are aged 45 to 70, you should be checking now whether you are able to boost your state pension. Now, I say age 45 to 70, that's because 45 I think is the youngest it could work with." He explained that "in reality", it's more likely to apply to people who are aged 55 to 70. Urging people to "spread the word", Mr Lewis explained the new state pension was introduced on April 6, 2016. He explained people who reach state pension age after that date come under new state pension rules. Mr Lewis added: "As part of that, transitional arrangements were put in place." The money saving expert went on to warn these arrangements end this tax year - on April 5, 2023. Mr Lewis then explained how one's National Insurance record is linked to state pension entitlement, and how there are various ways to get qualifying National Insurance years. He directed those who are not yet at state retirement age to visit Gov.uk and search for their state pension summary. The "Check your state pension forecast" tool can be used to find out how much state pension a person can get. Not only that, but it can also show when the person can get it, and how to increase it if they can. An alternative, such as for those who are already at state pension age, is to check their National Insurance record to see if there are any gaps in the record. The Martin Lewis Podcast is available to listen to on BBC Sounds.