Thousands of nurses will continue to strike on Thursday as a part of their industrial action against the Government. The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) announced that two further, bigger strikes will be held next month, while the GMB union is expected to announce further ambulance worker strike dates this afternoon. Junior doctors are also preparing to walk out.  The union said that if there is no progress with their demands, the strike action will be escalated on February 6 and 7 to include members at 73 NHS trusts in England and all but one NHS employer in Wales. RCN General Secretary & Chief Executive Pat Cullen said: “Today’s strike action by nursing staff is a modest escalation before a sharp increase in under three weeks from now. “If a week is a long time for Rishi Sunak, three weeks is the time he needs to get this resolved. “People aren’t dying because nurses are striking.   “Nurses are striking because people are dying. “That is how severe things are in the NHS and it is time the Prime Minister led a fight for its future. “Today’s record number of unfilled nurse jobs cannot be left to get worse. “Pay nursing staff fairly to turn this around and give the public the care they deserve.” READ MORE: Double-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over According to a news report, almost 30,000 needed to be rescheduled following December's nurse strikes. Sky News reported that the NHS England said patients should use services "wisely" by going to NHS 111 online but continuing to call 999 in a life-threatening emergency. The RCN has agreed to staff chemotherapy, emergency cancer services, dialysis, critical care units, neonatal and paediatric intensive care. Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay said while he recognises the cost of living pressures on NHS staff, "unaffordable pay rises" will stoke inflation. DON'T MISS:Researchers issue new health warning over bacon and sausage sarnies [INSIGHT]Meghan called out for having ‘main character syndrome’ [REVEAL]Met Office issues 'thundersnow' warning with intense snow in Scotland [SPOTLIGHT]  Writing in The Independent, he said: "If we provide unaffordable pay rises to NHS staff, we will take billions of pounds away from where we need it most. Unaffordable pay hikes will mean cutting patient care and stoking the inflation that would make us all poorer." Separately, Mr Barclay has signalled that pay negotiations will look ahead to next year rather than reflecting on the 2022/23 pay award, which unions have said must be reviewed. The strike action comes as Matthew Taylor, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, urged ministers to renew pay talks with unions in a bid to halt further industrial action. He suggested waiting lists are likely to remain stubbornly high unless the government gives the "NHS a fighting chance". 