Season 27 of ABC’s hit reality series has been a mixed bag so far, with many viewers arguing over just how eligible Zach Shallcross is as the new Bachelor. After getting some heat from fans over the first two episodes, Shallcross has leaned into his “boring” personality with a cheeky jab at fans in his latest Instagram post. Shallcross posed in front of a sign reading “BBE” (Boring Bachelor Energy) in a swipe at viewers in his most recent post. The new Bachelor has divided fans at the start of the season, with many admitting they found him uninteresting. Although there’s still a long way to go before Shallcross picks the winner, the series could see a decline in viewers if he struggles to win over the audience. This week, popular rapper Latto paid a visit to Casa Bachelor before his dates with the 20 remaining women got underway. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Brianna, Brooklyn, Katherine, Mercedes, Bailey, Davia, Cat, Genevie, and Kylee were all sent on a group date, and three Bachelor alums, Tahzjuan, Victoria F and Courtney R were thrown into the mix for good measure. Although Tahzjuan brought the drama, Shallcross quickly shot down her request to join the show and it was Katherine who received his coveted date rose. Despite the twists of this latest episode, there are still plenty of viewers who are struggling to stay invested in Shallcross’ journey to find true love. On Twitter, @JaneAustenBFF said: “OK I don’t know if I’m getting too old for this or what. But I don’t know if I can keep watching #TheBachelor.” “I cannot deal hearing the word like every other word. Never mind this has got to be one of the most boring Bachelors. Try something different.” “Zach is boring. Brianna is boring,” @TellyTubbo wrote. “The fact that they're literally all nurses is boring. This show should be called The Borechelor.” @onbieberavenue admitted: “I fell asleep and missed the rose ceremony. This season man.” DON'T MISS:The Good Doctor fans ‘in tears’ as Murphies say goodbye to injured dog [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan announces new project with Graham McTavish [LATEST]Lockwood and Co boss on 'aging up' the cast [EXCLUSIVE] “I need to wait until it’s like the final four to watch this show because it’s so boring.” @kinda_funny28 posted: “OK so this episode was a bit boring… can’t say I’ll be tuning in next week just yet.” “This season is in fact boring enough that I shut it off,” Samantha Ann said. Although @loverealitygame argued: “I see all these negative comments about Zach and how boring he is. Give me boring every day!” “I’m tired of the boy feeding the drama, and the boy just looking for air time. I’m here for the love story!” (sic) Some fans have actually found straight-talking Shallcross refreshing compared to previous Bachelors and were impressed with how he handled the drama this week. If his latest Instagram update is anything to go by, he also has a good sense of humour about the whole ordeal and could embrace his “boring” persona with hilarious and charming results as the weeks go on. The Bachelor season 27 continues Mondays on ABC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.