First airing in 2013, BBC drama Father Brown has gone on to be a global hit with international and British viewers alike addicted to the crime-solving Catholic priest and his intriguing cases. Father Brown is based on the stories by GK Chesterton and a decade on, the series continues to go strong. Season 10 will be no different with audiences getting even more perplexing crimes to keep them glued to their sofas. Speaking about the new series, lead star Mark William said: “We’ve got some very good episodes this year. “In one, Princess Margaret visits a school. We did that a couple of days ago, and it went rather well. There was a brass band and stuff. Not a dry eye in the house!” Williams went on to say: “There are some strange mythical beasts, and Father Brown meets somebody from back in his past which has a bearing on the story. “We also have a murder in a model village. The whole model village is used by the murderer - that’s a strange device! READ MORE: Father Brown returns for a new series with some fresh cast members “We’ve had Elaine Page as well playing a celebrity florist. She was marvellous. We had Flambeau’s return, too. “That was a very good cut and thrust episode. There was a lot of swash buckled.” Adding: “And then we had an am-dram episode. We had the Kembleford Players making an appearance. That was very successful. So, lots going on.” There is a total of 10 episodes in the new series of Father Brown with instalments airing on a weekly basis and the first three already on the BBC iPlayer. Here is a list of the episodes in the new series. Episode 1. The Winds of Change A murderer will be using Kembleford’s model village to help them plot their attacks with Father Brown trying to stop the killer before they strike again. Episode 2. The Company of Men After a murder takes place at an exclusive gentleman’s club, Father Brown and his friends will be working together to find the culprit. Episode 3. The Gardeners of Eden Kembleford will be getting a touch of glamour when a celebrity florist, suffering from a terminal illness, shows up in her home town and sets her two daughters vying for her vast fortune. However, attention will be diverted elsewhere when another village resident suddenly drops dead at a fancy event hosted by the daughters to win their mother’s approval. Episode 4. The Beast of Wedlock A missing person, a murder and a mythical creature will be confounding Father Brown as his past comes back to haunt him. Episode 5. The Hidden Man The priest will find his friendship with thief Hercule Flambeau (played by John Light) pushed to the limit when he is under suspicion for murder this time - rather than just stealing. Episode 6. The Royal Visit Princess Margaret will be turning up in the village to open a new school library but all will be thrown into jeopardy after the caretaker is found dead. Episode 7. The Show Must Go On An amateur dramatics society proves it has more off-stage drama when Father Brown must discover who poisoned one member of the Kembleford Players. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims [INSIGHT]GMB viewers brand Prince Harry coverage 'torture' as they beg 'stop' [VIEWER REACTION]Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' [VIDEO] Episode 8. The Sands of Time Brenda (Ruby-May Martinwell) seems to have found romance at Hartigan Manor but could the object of her affection’s be a cold-blooded killer? Episode 9. The Wheels of Wrath Things will be getting a bit rock and roll in Kembleford when a group of bikers show up in the sedate, chocolate box village with a few feather ruffled and murder on the cards. Episode 10. The Serpent Within Finally, Sullivan (Tom Chambers) has hit plans to leave the village thwarted after he is under arrest for receiving stolen goods. Father Brown realises his friend has been framed and must do everything in his power to clear his name. Father Brown starts on BBC One today at 1.45pm