A former master at Prince William and Prince Harry's school has been accused of killing his mother. Matthew Corry, 45, appeared before a judge at Bristol Crown Court accused of murdering Beatrice Corry, 84. Mrs Corry died on January 6, in Chipping Campden, Gloucestershire. Officers were called to the High Street shortly after midnight on Friday where Mrs Corry was found with head injuries. She later died. Judge Martin Picton said a plea and trial preparation hearing would take place on February 17 and Corry would face a two-week trial beginning on July 3.  Mr Corry, of The High Street, Chipping Campden, was not asked to enter a plea to the charge and was remanded in custody. David Pegg, a member of a history group led by Mrs Corry, described her as a lovely, selfless woman. He said she did not appear to be troubled by anything when he saw her on January 3. MailOnline reports Mr Pegg as saying: "She was a lovely, selfless woman who did a lot of volunteering. Beatrice was extremely well-known. "She had a wonderful apartment in the town and she was still very active considering her age. "Before she took over from me as Chairman of the history group, she used to sort out the tea and coffee for everybody." Mrs Corry volunteered at charity shop Campden Home Nursing. Its CEO, Helen Makaritis said in a tribute posted on the shop's website: "Beatrice was an incredible lady. "She had so much energy and would regularly have completed a five-mile walk before her shift in the shop. "Described as a ‘force of nature’ by the shop team, she was always positive and never afraid to voice her opinion, a very intelligent lady who was knowledgeable about so many things. "Never without a scarf or a twinkle in her eye, she was loved by us all. "We are lucky to have many funny anecdotes and stories in our memory banks and she will be remembered with great affection. "We send our heartfelt condolences to her family, especially her grandchildren, of whom she talked of often and with immense pride."  Mr Corry got into teaching after attending the Papplewick preparatory school in Ascot, Berkshire. He was a member of staff at Eton until 2008 when he moved to a school in Oxford. Mr Corry is also believed to have taught at a boarding school in Cumbria and at the independent girls' school, Godolphin and Latymer, in West London, according to MailOnline. Boris Johnson's wife Carrie Johnson, pop singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor and celebrity chef Nigella Lawson are among the school's alumni. Mr Corry left his role as a biology teacher at Godolphin and Latymer in April 2020, according to the same publication. 