Maternal is launching on ITV and the series pays attention to negative thoughts women have about motherhood. The six-part drama follows three female doctors returning to work after maternity leave as they attempt to balance a post-covid frontline medicine role with having children. Lisa McGrillis plays Dr Helen Cavendish and she opened up about an awkward on-screen romance. Actress Lisa, known for her roles in Mum and Somewhere Boy, said she connected to her character Helen on a personal level. She described Helen as a warm and compassionate woman who works in acute medicine and is very much the mother of the group. Her marriage is going through a turbulent patch as her husband is having an affair. Yet Helen finds her own way to escape as she ends up in a short romance with Jack Oliviera (Raza Jaffrey). Raza, known for Code Black and Spooks, married actress Lara Pulver in 2014. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host told 'no need for you' by Naga Munchetty In the series, Lara is Lisa's co-star, playing surgeon Catherine MacDiarmid. Lisa opened up about what it was like being intimate with her co-star's real-life husband. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, she joked: "Basically I feel like everyone involved in this show wanted to make it as incestuous as possible. "My love interest is Raza so that was quite weird to get my head around to start off with. "But thankfully Lara wasn't there on the days when there was some intimate stuff going on as that would have been quite awkward. "But she did immediately message me after she had watched it saying 'Oh my god I have just seen you and Raza', and I was like beetroot basically. "It's weird, isn't it? But also it's like having to kiss your friend's husband, it's weird. "And that's what we do in our jobs all the time and get away with it. "So basically, I was thrilled." Lara said it was wonderful having her husband in the same production as her. DON'T MISS... BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger [INSIGHT] Mum’s the word when it comes to juggling parenthood and work [DISCUSSION] Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen [INSIGHT] She explained: "Raza and I had been offered a job on stage before which we couldn't make happen because of being pregnant. "This was the first opportunity for us to work on screen together. "Personally it was amazing because in our profession we so often go away and it means splitting up the family. "There are massive logistical things that go on, so for us, it was such a gift as a family unit to all uproot." Lisa said she was attracted to work that "straddles comedy and drama". "I feel like I can tap into that quite easily," she said. "Finding the humour in everyday life. "And I feel like Maternal very much does that because there are situations that are funny rather than it being gags. "It’s quite good to be able to do both. This definitely feels like more of a drama." She praised writer Jacqui Honess- Martin, saying: "It feels like she has written these three very real women who are very relatable."  Maternal is available to watch on ITV and ITVX from Monday, January 16