Novak Djokovic showed his class following his triumph over Andrey Rublev to reach the Australian Open semi-finals with a touching message for his old rival Roger Federer. Djokovic once again looked unstoppable on Wednesday as he eased past world No 6 Rublev to make it 26 consecutive wins at the Australian Open.  It's the 44th Grand Slam semi-final of Djokovic's incredible career, moving him closer to Federer's record of 46. The two tennis icons ended up facing off 50 times in their careers before Federer announced his retirement last year. Djokovic was asked by Jim Courier after his win over Rublev to reflect on his first Grand Slam semi-final win, which the Serbian remembered came at the 2007 US Open. He went on to face Federer in his first Grand Slam final, losing in straight sets. The pair's rivalry only grew from there with Djokovic finishing with a slightly better head-to-head record in the end. It's clear that there remains huge respect between both of them though and Djokovic used his on-court interview to send a classy message to Federer.  "I was fortunate to win that semi-finals, but in the final I lost to Roger," he said, before huge cheers erupted inside the Rod Laver Arena. Djokovic added: "Lets give him a big round of applause to Roger. Let's go. He deserves it. "I had some great battles with Roger over the years. Tennis misses him for sure. I've seen him dressing up very sharply for fashion week. I've seen his skiing. I want to challenge him to a skiing race in a few years. "He's enjoying life for sure, it's nice to see that obviously for tennis he's been one of the most important players ever to play the game. Big regards to him and his family." Djokovic faces Tommy Paul for a place in Sunday's final, with the American playing in his first ever Grand Slam semi-final. And the Serbian has issued a word of warning to Paul stating, if he delivers a similar performance to the one he just produced against Rublev, he should progress to the Australian Open final. "We meet in the locker room earlier today," Djokovic said. "Obviously he doesn't have much to lose, first time in the semi-finals of a Grand Slam. "He's been playing some terrific tennis in the last 12-15 months. He's got a great coach so I've got to be ready for the match mentally, not approach it anyway differently the last couple of matches. If I play this way, I think I have a good chance to go through." 