The businesswoman has advised Alan Sugar on his decisions in BBC staple The Apprentice, overseeing the tough and, at times, comical aspects of the candidates undertaking their weekly tasks. This has involved travelling all around London and much further afield, with some of the tasks taking place abroad. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Karren admitted it can be a "demanding" job. The candidates on the show are often faced with very early mornings, receiving wake-up calls from Alan at 4am at times. They are usually given a short amount of time to get ready and meet the business magnate at a certain location. Karren also has to be there and acts as Alan's eyes and ears throughout the process. Alan has confirmed he has agreed to two more series of The Apprentice following the current 2023 episodes, and when asked if she'd be willing to continue alongside him, Karren explained the difficulties of the job. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz "Yeah, as long as I could still do it," she replied. "It's very demanding!" She added: "When the show says it's 4am, it really is 4am so the days are very long. "I started this in my 30s I'm now in my 50s, I think I was 39 I'm now 53. "So it's been a long time, but hopefully if my health is good and I can still do it, and Alan still wants me and the show still want me I'd love to." Despite the daunting aspects of the job, Karren went on to detail how she always has fun on the series. Part of what helps her is her close friendship with Alan, which continues on and off screen. "I love helping young people, all the things Alan's passionate about I am too," she explained. "But actually, we have a lot of fun, right? We're all good friends. DON'T MISS... BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [VIDEO]Jackie Stewart heartbreak as he says wife is 'lost in many ways' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty labels Carol Kirkwood 'frosty' after feud rumour [LATEST] "We've spent a lot of time together, on and off the screen so to speak. "And [with] Alan, I always say friendship first, football second - because we both have different teams - and politics last because we have different parties, or we used to. "So we have a lot of fun. We really enjoy it. And it's like all friends coming together and just having a good time and having a lot of fun." The third episode of the current series will air on Thursday, and so far viewers have enjoyed tuning in for more dramatic moments. Last week, Kevin D'Arcy became the latest candidate to be fired by Alan. It came as the two groups were tasked with a bao-making challenge. While the girls' team managed to create and sell enough product to win, the boys had to return to the boardroom for a grilling by Lord Sugar. After some deliberation, Kevin was ordered to leave by the 75-year-old. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.