Four holidaymakers were stabbed and six arrested after a drug-fuelled Air BnB party descended into chaos, police said. Magic mushrooms, cocaine and marijuana were recovered as officers swooped on a rental home in North Carolina in the early hours of morning. The injured partygoers - who were on holiday - suffered "multiple stab wounds", according to officials.  Of the six arrested, suspect Jay Caleb Bell is the only one facing charges of assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury with intent to kill and two counts of assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury. He was also hit with charged with possessing cocaine, psilocybin mushrooms and marijuana. The other five suspects, identified as Daniel Mansilla-Perea, Richard Vincent Sakowski, Cassi Deann Sakowski, Christopher Lyn Boles and Jodi Michelle Douthit, were each charged with felony possession of psilocybin mushrooms, felony possession of cocaine, and possession of marijuana, according to police. Police said they were all vacationing in the area, which is about 150 miles northwest of Charlotte near the Tennessee border, though it’s unclear if they were all staying at the same property. READ MORE: Forensic expert describes 'dramatic' moment Idaho killer may have started slaying students  Police did not say where the holidaymakers were originally from. Suspects Cassi and Richard appear to be married and share three kids, according to her Facebook page. Cassi is a stay at home mom but also works as a secretary at Grace Roofing and Construction where her husband is the owner. Both Cassi and Jodi appear to be practicing Christians, but it is unclear how the holidaymakers know each other. DON'T MISSAll flights 'grounded across US' after system failure [LATEST]Bolsonaro flees to Florida 48 hours before term ends [REPORT]Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged [INSIGHT] Jodi is a massage practitioner who runs on the motive of "trust" and "faith", according to her Facebook page. At the time of the incident, police were on the hunt for a white sedan with an Illinois licence plate that they believed belonged to Mansilla-Perea. Madison County Sheriff Buddy Harwood later confirmed the vehicle was found but gave no further explanation. The names of the victims weren't immediately released. READ MORE: Man accused of beating, starving and sexually assaulting Bumble date released from jail The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigations is assisting with the investigation, the Sheriff said. An AirBnB spokesperson has released the following statement in response to the incident: "Our specialized Safety team is investigating this incident, including taking action to remove the booking guest from our platform and providing support to our impacted Host." AirBnb has removed the home located at 183 Gid Flynn Road from its website as the investigation continues. The residence appears to be off a 1.2 mile driveway and in a secluded area surrounded by trees.