West Ham United will reportedly sack David Moyes if they suffer a disastrous defeat against Everton this weekend. The Premier League clash at the London Stadium has been dubbed 'El Sackico', with Frank Lampard also at the brink as Everton boss. Saturday's toothless 1-0 defeat at relegation rivals Wolves was the final straw for many West Ham fans, who are calling for Moyes to leave. The Hammers have picked up just one point from their last seven games, a draw at Leeds, their worst Premier League run since the 2010/11 season. Moyes maintains a strong relationship with owner David Sullivan, and they speak after every game, regardless of the result. But there is an understanding that West Ham will be forced to look at alternative options if Everton leapfrog them in the table on Saturday. According to the Mail, Moyes recognises that he's on borrowed time and a bad outcome of the game against his former club would be 'curtains'. After the Wolves loss, he said: "I would never look at myself and say I've got credit in the bank. Lots of people are after jobs in this league. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "I'm not daft. I've had enough games in it to understand. You have to do well to keep your job. We have to try and do better than we're doing at the moment." West Ham respect Moyes for over-achieving in the last two seasons, in which he guided them to sixth and seventh Premier League finishes. The Hammers also reached the Europa League semi-finals last term and won all six Europa Conference League group games earlier this campaign. But they can't afford to risk suffering one of the biggest shock relegations in English top-flight history and aren't afraid to make a change if necessary. DON'T MISS: Tottenham board’s four options to replace Conte after Arsenal defeat  The Telegraph add that West Ham would like to give Moyes more time but have already started considering potential short-term and long-term replacements. Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel have been mentioned as dream appointments, but both are considered unlikely. Nuno Espirito Santo and Rafa Benitez have also emerged as candidates, but there is a belief that neither would be popular among fans. West Ham are level with Everton on 15 points in the relegation zone, meaning Lampard could be the one to lose his job if the Toffees are beaten in the capital. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here