Lockdowns to stem the spread of Covid were supposed to protect Britons health during the pandemic but experts have warned it has left our bodies unable to fight winter infections. Health experts say being indoors and not mixing for months has meant that people have not built up the resistance to fight infections like they would have previously done before the pandemic.     Jana Abelovska, superintendent pharmacist at Click Pharmacy, said people's bodies have "forgotten" how to handle the flu virus. She told Express.co.uk: “One of the major contributing factors to this year’s cold/flu feeling so awful is the fact that we’ve all grown accustomed to not experiencing the flu for a couple of years now.   “During the height of the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020, flu numbers plummeted and remained low even throughout the winter in 2021 – likely due to the restrictions around face-masks and social distancing.   “Now that these restrictions have been lifted, our bodies have almost forgotten how to handle the flu virus after such an extended period of not needing to worry about it.   “In previous years, prior to the pandemic, we naturally built up some degree of immunity due to exposure to airborne pathogens that we simply weren’t as exposed to during the Covid-19 restrictions.   “This means that now, our bodies are almost starting from scratch and having to re-learn how to fight these sorts of viruses off.”   Thankfully, even though people's bodies are having to re-learn how to fight the infections, experts say that the way people can help our bodies fight flu and colds remains the same.   Anyone suffering is advised to drink lots of water and get a lot of rest. And everyone is advised to get a flu jab. Professor Kamila Hawthorne, chair of the Royal College of GPs, said: “Rates of influenza-like illnesses, acute tonsillitis, and lower and upper respiratory tract infections are all above the seasonal average.   “Indeed, there are a lot more people being hospitalised with influenza-like illnesses this winter, when compared with rates over the last two years. “Most of the public have been socially isolated during the last two winters and this appears to have reduced their resistance to infections, and therefore are more likely to pick up infections than they would have done last winter or the year before." READ MORE: Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall 'living the dream life' in new photos   Professor Hawthorne added: “We’d encourage patients to do what they can to keep themselves well this winter, including practising good public hygiene such as regular handwashing or using hand gels, if that isn’t possible, and throwing tissues away once they’ve been used. “It’s also essential that vulnerable patients such as elderly patients, those with underlying health conditions, and young children come forward to receive their flu vaccinations and Covid-19 boosters, when they are invited for them. It is also important that patients with chronic respiratory conditions receive their pneumonia vaccine. “Getting vaccinated is the best possible protection that we have against these winter viruses, and it is not too late to receive one.” And Dame Jenny Harries, the chief executive of the UK Health Security Agency, advised unwell people to wear a face covering if they have to go out, to prevent spreading germs to others. DON'T MISSNearly-identical strangers with same name and job take DNA test [PICTURED]Russian military ship spotted miles from UK coast with cruise missiles [REPORT]Missing woman: Ana Walshe's last chilling note to husband revealed [REVEALED]   She said: “In the week leading up to Christmas, we saw a dramatic increase in the number of people admitted to hospital with flu, with the highest levels of hospital admissions we’ve seen in at least a decade. Admissions were particularly high in the under 5s and those 65 and over.   “I urge all those eligible to come forward for their free flu vaccination, which is the best way to protect yourself from serious illness. Uptake of the flu vaccine is particularly low in children aged  2 and 3 so if your child is eligible please urgently take up the offer. “Covid-19 also continues to circulate at high levels and anyone eligible for a booster who has yet to take it up should come forward.   “Frequent handwashing with soap and warm water, catching coughs and sneezes in tissues and keeping your home well ventilated can also help stop viruses from spreading.   “Try to stay home when unwell and if you do have to go out, wearing a face covering can help prevent germs spreading to other people.   “Don’t visit vulnerable people if you’re unwell.”   