If you’ve been staring at your flaking, faded walls for a while, it may be time to give your room an update with a fresh coat of paint. Before painting a wall, it’s likely you will prime, sand and fill any holes in the wall. But there’s one step that amateur decorators and homeowners often forget to do - strain their paint. With this in mind, painting and decorating experts at Toolstation have explained how an everyday kitchen item could help achieve a professional finish when painting your home. According to the experts, a kitchen sieve is used to strain paint before it’s painted onto walls and surfaces. One of the reasons straining paint is important is that it removes debris, before brushing, rolling or spraying paint. Straining paint first also stops bits of sediment sticking to the surface you are painting which can cause unsightly bumps and marks on walls. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out When straining, the paint is poured through the filter strainer into a clean container. The stranger collects the debris. A painting expert from Toolstation explained: “It might surprise you to hear, but a kitchen sieve is part of many professional painter and decorators’ toolkits. “Metal sieves can be picked up in supermarkets for just £2, and can be used to strain the paint before you start work. “Old paint can collect dust and debris over time, as well as flecks of dry, hard paint. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] “Even brand new paint usually contains small lumps which can prevent you achieving a perfectly smooth result. “There’s nothing worse than being left with a ‘bitty’ texture to your walls. “To try this hack, simply position the sieve over a clean paint scuttle and pour the paint through. “Safely dispose of any particles that get caught in the sieve and start painting. After use, simply clean the sieve with warm soapy water or brush cleaner. READ MORE: Four ‘clever’ methods to ‘boost’ your home’s value Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Unlike tights and stockings which were used by some decorators to strain paint for many years (and which had to be thrown away each time) a metal sieve can be used over and over again - far more sustainable.” Kitchen sieves can be bought from most local supermarkets or online for as little as £1. George Home Stainless Steel Sieve costs £1.75 from Asda, MEDARBETARE stainless steel strainer costs £1 from IKEA and a set of three stainless steel sieves costs £2 from Shein. If you’re reusing a tin of paint, it’s more important than ever to strain your paint. If you’ve ever re-opened a tin of paint, you will have witnessed dried paint chunks falling from the lid and rim into the paint. Those chunks of paint can end up on the brush or roller and can then be transferred onto whatever project you’re painting. Other items that can be used as paint strainers include stockings, wire mesh and a cone filter.