Manchester United have been informed Dusan Vlahovic would like to play for Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Serbia international only joined Juventus from Fiorentina in January last year. However, after 12 months with the Old Lady, his long-term future is up in the air. Manchester United have long admired Vlahovic, who has scored six goals from 10 Serie A outings this season. And, according to 90min, the Red Devils are among five teams who have now been offered the chance to land the striker. Juventus were rocked by a scandal on Friday after being docked 15 points following an investigation into past transfer dealings. The Old Lady plan on appealing the verdict but, as it stands, they look unlikely to qualify for the Champions League next season. United are currently on track to return to the competition, having failed to qualify amid a dire season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And they’ve reportedly been informed Vlahovic would like to play under Ten Hag, with a move to Old Trafford a possibility. Juventus are understanding of the 22-year-old’s situation and, therefore, are open to offers both this month and at the end of the season. United aren’t the only team in the mix when it comes to acquiring the forward, however. Chelsea, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich have also been alerted to the Serb’s availability, meaning a bidding war could take place. They want the £66million they paid for the marksman last year to part ways with Vlahovic. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And it’ll be interesting to see what happens, with United hellbent on landing a world-class marksman at the end of the season. The report says the club’s transfer team have ‘always liked the player’. However, they opted against joining the bidding for Vlahovic 12 months ago because they always knew he preferred a move to Juventus instead. Victor Osimhen, Benjamin Sesko and Harry Kane are other potential strikers for the club. And United are likely to spend big next term if they finish in the top four, something they’re on track to achieve at present. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking recently, Italian football expert Nicky Bandini warned clubs about signing Vlahovic - citing his injury record as a factor behind his thinking. “He ended up at Juventus and we were talking about him every time,” said Bandini. “It hasn’t gone great for him at Juventus, a lot of that is down to injuries. “His goalscoring form hasn’t been terrible. When you break it down to minutes-per-goals on the pitch, then he hasn’t had a terrible time on the pitch. “But he hasn’t been that transformative talent that you think £70 million Euros is going to get you. “I would be very wary if I was Arsenal or Chelsea. I would be very wary of spending anything close to what Juventus spent on him. “With his injury situation, and if anything were to happen, maybe a loan deal with an option to buy would be a sensible way to approach it. “I think with the money Juventus spent last year, then it makes this a very difficult deal to do.” United previously negotiated with Juventus for Paul Pogba, who moved back to Old Trafford in the summer of 2016 for a huge £89million.