You may have been doing your makeup the same way for years, but your application could be needlessly ageing. Leading permanent makeup and micro-blading artist Karen Betts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the top mistakes mature women make that add years to the face, plus how they can look younger. When it comes to eyeliner, there is one popular trend that the expert believes you should be ditching. Winged eyeliner - or cat-eye eyeliner when it includes the bottom lash line - dates back as far as ancient Egypt, and is described as "the world's oldest makeup trick" by Vogue. And according to Makeup Museum co-founder Doreen Bloch, its origins were rooted in health rather than fashion. "Kohl had immunological and antibacterial properties that supported eye health and minimised glare from the sun," she told Vogue. READ MORE: 66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning The cat-eye as we know it reemerged in the 1920s, and became very popular again during the 50s and 60s. However, according to Karen, the winged eyeliner look is one to avoid for mature ladies who want to look younger. She told Express.co.uk: "Micro lining the lash line is a subtle way of giving the appearance of fuller, thicker looking lashes and enhances the natural eye shape - but it’s a precision art. "Applying micro liner is difficult. Many of us end up doubling the size we intended and winging it with a bolder look, which can be ageing and appear dated." Micro liner is widely available and can be purchased at popular drug stores. Rimmel London Scandaleyes Micro Eyeliner is currently retailed at Boots for £5.99, promising an "ultra-thin felt tip" that lets you draw a "flawless super precise line that artistically defines your eyes". Another way of achieving micro lined eyeliner is by going down a permanent makeup route. She said: "My latest innovation in permanent make-up, Lash Density, is a new micro-shading technique that intensifies the lash line. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' "Pigment is diffused in between each natural hair, to add subtle depth and colour to the lash line, giving the appearance of fuller, thicker looking lashes without the need for eyeliner, mascara or extensions. "For those with light coloured lashes we can select a more subtle colour as opposed to black to flatter the individual. It really is the epitome of natural looking permanent makeup." Next, Karen offered a solution for eyebrow issues - whether your brows are too thin, sparse or unruly, brow lamination is her answer. She said: "Brows have been a centre-stage in the latest trends. In terms of permanent make-up, we are wary of brow trends and fashion looks as they won’t suit all faces and can become dated and ageing. "However, innovation and new techniques for enhancing natural brow shapes is something we can fully get behind. "With over 947 million views on TikTok, brow lamination is still right on trend and continues to grow every year. Lash Perfect describes brow lamination as "almost like a perm for your eyebrows", enhancing what you already have by manipulating the hairs with chemicals. Karen continued: "If done correctly, you can tame the brows and get a great shape." By nature the process is versatile and can solve a lot of brow-based problems; "it can make skinnier brows look fuller and fluffier and correct symmetry, or even just tame unruly brows for a more youthful look". Karen Betts is a pioneer in permanent make-up and founder of Nouveau Lashes LVL & HD Brows.