Four "suspicious drones" were brought down by secret service operatives as tens of thousands gathered to celebrate the inauguration of Brazil’s new President, it has been revealed. Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who narrowly defeated incumbent Jair Bolsonaro in a fractious election last year, was sworn in at the Cathedral of Brasilia, in the South American country’s capital. Affectionately known as Lula, the 77-year-old previously served as Brazil’s leader from 2003 to 2010. Presidential security utilised DroneGun Tactical, developed by Droneshield Ltd, to neutralise four suspicious drones that were heading towards the President at the inauguration event. The equipment works by disrupting the signal which keeps unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) airborne. DroneShield CEO, Oleg Vornik, was unable to share specifics about the incidents for security reasons. However, he said: “Brazil is a key South American market for DroneShield, and we are pleased to see deployment of our systems in the country at the highest level, which is expected to flow down to further systems being utilised in Brazil, as counter-UAS requirements continue to rapidly grow.” DroneShield has expanded into the Brazil market in mid 2021, when it has received a formal approval from Anatel, the Brazilian National Telecommunications Agency responsible for issuing the concession of new radio frequencies, for deployment of its devices. After the approval, the company has now sold a quantity of its DroneGun Tactical units to the Brazilian Government. Latin American leaders met with Lula on his first full day in office yesterday, welcoming him back to power and hoping his country assumes a great role on the international stage. JUST IN: Sunak responds to furious backlash over NHS crisis Lula’s predecessor, Jair Bolsonaro, rarely travelled abroad or received visiting heads of state and found himself increasingly isolated. However, South American heads of state – some of them fellow leftists, though not all – are hoping for greater participation from the continent’s largest economy. Oliver Stuenkel, a professor of international relations at the Getulio Vargas Foundation, said: “It was a very powerful symbol of desire in the region that leaders want Brazil to be back. “Latin American leaders want an active, engaged Brazil.” Also yesterday, Lula met with presidents Argentina's Alberto Fernandez, Bolivia's Luis Arce of Bolivia, Ecuador's Guillermo Lasso, Chile's Gabriel Boric and Colombia's Gustavo Petro. Other leaders also traveled to the capital, Brasilia, on Sunday and congratulated Lula on his inauguration, including Uruguay’s President Luis Alberto Lacalle Po. On Monday afternoon Lula also met with Wang Qishan, the vice president of China, by far Brazil’s biggest export destination. Lula is also scheduled to receive the president of Angola and representatives from Cuba, Venezuela and Peru.