The Madame Blanc Mysteries first premiered in 2021 when antique dealer Jean White's (played by Sally Lindsay) husband was murdered while on his way back to their home in France. Two years on and the series is back for its second outing with guest stars welcomed in every episode. The latest familiar face to be introduced in the Channel 5 mystery series is none other than actor and comedian Les Dennis. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Madame Blanc Mysteries.The Madame Blanc Mysteries will be welcoming actor Les Dennis to the cast for the first time in the latest episode which airs on Thursday, January 26, on Channel 5. He portrays fellow antique dealer David who has flown from England to visit Jean in Sainte Victoire. David hasn't travelled alone though as he's got his gorgeous new husband George (David Ames) by his side. The trip is part of the couple's honeymoon and while they are loved up, it isn't all good news for the pair. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' Actor Dennis is probably best remembered for presenting game show Family Fortunes for more than decade. But he did go on to dabble in acting, starring as Michael Rodwell in Coronation Street for two years, among other projects. In the Channel 5 drama, he stars alongside actor Ames who has had minor roles in shows like Holby City and Doctor Who. While Dennis enjoyed his time with Ames, filming some of their scenes which were meant to be in London, in Malta, proved a challenge. Dennis explained: "It was really lovely. I remember saying to him [Ames], 'You remind me of Michael Ball'. "Michael is one of my best friends and when I was with David, he reminded me of him in so many ways. "He could play the young Michael Ball. So, I fell into having a laugh with him straight away. It's just great. He is such a good actor. "In all of our scenes we really had to be on it because the schedule was so tight." DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to 'very loyal' co-stars [TRIBUTE]Angry Aus Open star slams Russian flag questions amid Djokovic drama [REACTION] Dennis continued: "And working in that Maltese heat! "In the first couple of scenes, we are supposed to be in our flat in London and trying to work in that heat and make it look cool was not easy, but we got through it." When David and George fly to see Jean, they soon divulge they believe the former could be cursed as a mirror hanging on a wall back in England, narrowly missing him. As they arrived in Sainte Victoire, one of their bags had also been cut but could something even more sinister be going on? The Madame Blanc Mysteries returned for a second season after two years away from the small screen. There are just two more episodes left before the drama comes to an end again. As of yet though, there has been no talk of a third series coming out on Channel 5. The Madam Blanc Mysteries continues every Thursday at 9pm on Channel 5.