Earlier this year, Silent Witness made a return to screens to mark its 25th season. Amanda Burton also reprised her role as the iconic Sam Ryan and joined Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) as they helped police to solve a string of mysterious deaths. Emilia Fox has played Dr Nikki Alexander for 18 years and speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress discussed how she transformed into the role. Emilia also paid a moving tribute to her co-stars and the experts who helped her get into the role of the pathologist behind the scenes. "I've been working on Silent Witness for 18 years now, and of course, that is solving crime fictionally," Emilia began. "But I have an interest in the crime genre and how cases are solved and through Silent Witness, I have met some incredible people who work on solving crimes in real life." READ MORE: Martin Edwards takes on Jeremy Paxman's University Challenge Listing off the experts she has worked with, the Nikki Alexander star continued: "In forensics, pathology and all different aspects…detectives and coroners. "I have seen the work that they do, the really skilled work and they are very often unsung in the work that they do." In the previous series, viewers saw Nikki and Jack's relationship develop from friendship to romance. Discussing what fans can expect in the upcoming season, Emilia teased: "Now that we are in a series where you've seen Jack and Nicky’s friendship move into a closer relationship and how that works. "You know when you've known someone for a long time but you're suddenly in a relationship, does that make it more difficult? "And what will happen to them, so I look forward to seeing what the writers come up with me in the future." The 48-year-old went on to address her future on the BBC drama, admitting: "I never expected to still be playing Nicky Alexander 18 years later, but I love it and I still love the show as much as when I first started on it. "So, it is thanks to the loyal fans of Silent Witness and the audiences who have come new to it. DON'T MISS...Prince Andrew The Musical viewers in dispute over 'disgusting' spoof  [REACTION]Death in Paradise newcomer speaks out on show return [INSIGHT]Emmerdale couple torn apart by newcomer as fans 'work out' affair [SPOILERS] "The enthusiasm for the show means that it is still made and I love it. "And if the audience loves it, then hopefully it will carry on being made but you never know." Emilia also tried her hand at presenting earlier this year, when she landed her role fronting a true crime documentary. The series titled, Murdertown, saw the actress visiting different towns and cities, where she looked at some of the UK's most shocking murders.  The Crime+Investigation documentary also heard from victims, experts and witnesses, as it examined the impact the killings had on the local communities around them. Speaking about why she wanted to try her hand at something new, Emilia said: "When I was approached about Murdertown, I watched the first three series of the show. "I thought they were stories that were really expertly told, with a focus on the victims, who they were and what happened to them. "The stories being told with sensitivity and respect to the people who have been affected by the crimes and who have lost loved ones." Silent Witness returns tonight on BBC One at 9pm.