Earl Boen, best known for playing criminal psychologist Dr Peter Silberman in the Terminator franchise, has died aged 81. A family member confirmed the news to TMZ today with tributes falling in for the late actor. A family member told TMZ the veteran actor passed away Thursday in Hawaii, but wouldn't disclose a cause or the specifics of his death. The star appeared in several instalments of The Terminator franchise with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Linda Hamilton, playing criminal psychologist Dr Peter Silberman. He is also known for his work in the films The Man With Two Brains and Alien Nation. Boen also appeared in the hit films Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult in 1994, and Nutty Professor II: The Klumps in 2000. READ MORE: Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims  On the television side, Boen portrayed Rev. Lloyd Meechum in the 1980s sitcom Mama’s Family. He guest starred on several series, including Great Performances, The Streets of San Francisco, Hawaii Five-O and Wonder Woman to name a few. As a voice actor, he was known for voicing such characters as Mr Bleakman in Clifford the Big Red Dog and Señor Senior Sr. in Kim Possible. He was also the Narrator in World of Warcraft and Captain LeChuck in the Monkey Island video game series. He retired from screen acting in 2003, but the New York-born star remained active with his voice-over roles in film, TV and also video games. In 2017, he officially retired from all acting, with Variety reporting that the actor was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer in the fall of 2022, according to a friend of the family. His first wife, Carole Kean, whom he married in 1970, died in 2001 from ovarian cancer at the age of 58. The late star is now survived by his second wife Cathy, his stepdaughter Ruby, and his grandchildren Kimmy Abaricia and Kimo Harbin. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis in her bustiest display yet in black cut-out dress [HOLLYWOOD] Emily Maitlis ‘respects’ Prince William over Prince Harry’s accusation [OPINION] Shania Twain looks ageless in bright pink wig in New York [PICS]  Many fans have taken to Twitter to pay their respects to the late actor and remember his work. Kriegler007 said: "Was sorry to see that Earl Boen passed away as 91. "Boen's reaction as Dr Silberman is absolutely priceless in Terminator 2." Martinezftw2 added: "I’ve listened to his Voice as Mr Bleakman from Clifford the Big Red Dog on PBS Kids when I was little. "I’m saddened to learn about his passing yesterday. Rest in Peace Earl Boen."  "R.I.P. Earl Boen. Thank You for giving so much character in your portrayal of our favourite Ghost/Zombie/Demon Pirate and many other roles." (sic) Arnold Schwarzenegger and other Hollywood names are yet to comment on the death of the veteran actor.