State pension age needs to be reached to be able to get the state pension, but this threshold is currently rising. The increase will mean some people will wait longer than they previously would have had to to get this form of income, meaning many may want to double-check when they're due to become eligible. Thankfully, there is an online tool which shows a person when they will reach state pension age. The online system doesn't take long to use, and people could be able to find out when they can claim the state pension within a matter of seconds. To use it, the person should press "start now" and clarify if they're calculating bus pass age or state pension age - including Pension Credit qualifying age. Next, the user needs to input their date of birth, and press "continue". READ MORE: Tax code 1257L explained as Britons could be due money back It should then state when one will reach state pension age, and what the state pension age will be. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) also explains the tool can be used to check Pension Credit qualifying age, as well as when a person becomes eligible for free bus travel. State pension age is different to the age a person can get a workplace or personal pension, and just because someone has reached it doesn't mean they have to retire. As well as a state pension age tool, there's also a "check your state pension forecast" service on the Gov.uk website. People can't use that service if they are already getting the payment or have deferred claiming it. It's an important tool to use, especially considering research has highlighted how millions of people are unprepared for retirement. The LV= Wealth and Wellbeing Research Programme, a quarterly survey of 4,000 UK adults, found more than three-quarters (77 percent) of working adults could not say how much the state pension is. Not everyone will get the full state pension, and those using it can find out how much state pension they can get, as well as when it's possible to get it and how to increase it, if that's possible. Clive Bolton, Managing Director of Protection, Savings & Retirement at LV=, said: “Planning for retirement can be complex but it is important to get right. People approaching retirement need to take some time to think about what they want to do when they eventually stop work, the lifestyle they want and how much it will cost. “There are several simple steps that people can take to increase their confidence of being able to pay for a comfortable retirement. "People in work should join their company pension scheme and make the most of an employer’s contributions. Self-employed people should consult a financial adviser and consider setting up a private pension. "It’s also a good idea to regularly monitor the size of your retirement funds, including the expected state pension to know if you’re on track. “People have a series of big decisions to make as they approach the end of their working life and each one can make a huge difference to their retirement. Taking financial advice is an excellent idea. "A financial adviser will provide impartial advice about how much they can draw from their pension to ensure they have an income for life. They can also explain to clients how to withdraw money from a pension and avoid large tax bills.” The state pension age is currently 66, having previously stood at 65 for men and 60 for women, before it increased to 65 for both sexes and then again to 66. There are two further increases currently set out in legislation. This is a gradual rise to 67 for those born on or after April 1960, and a gradual rise to 68 between 2044 and 2046 for those born on or after April 1977. The first state pension age review, undertaken in 2017, came to the conclusion that the new review should consider whether the rise to age 68 should be Brough forward to 2037-39 before tabling any changes to legislation.