Newcastle have reportedly made enquiries about Zenit St Petersburg star Malcom as they look to bolster their forward ranks. The winger was in electric form for the Russian side last season and clubs have promptly registered their interest in the pacey prospect. The Magpies are currently third in the Premier League and have a fighting chance of recording a historic top-four finish this season. Despite a lucrative takeover in 2021, the club have spent concisely over the past 12 months to ensure that they stay on the right side of Financial Fair Play rules as well as not wasting funds. Eddie Howe is hoping to be well-backed in the late stages of the January transfer window, however. The former Bournemouth boss is keen to acquire the services of a central midfielder and a winger, with the latter a priority. According to FootMercato, Newcastle have made enquiries about Barcelona flop Malcom. The forward has scored 12 goals and assisted five in 17 appearances last year, looking like he had found the form that made him one of the most exciting talents in Europe at one stage. The 25-year-old is said to have been offered the Paris Saint-Germain, knowing that the Ligue 1 outfit are desperate for at least one attacking signing before the window closes. Though an offer is yet to arrive from Christophe Galtier’s side, meaning Newcastle have every chance of landing Malcom. It is unclear how Zenit responded to the Magpies’ enquiries and whether they are willing to entertain any other offers besides from PSG. Newcastle may need to grasp their stance sooner rather than later, especially with reports circulating that Allan Saint-Maximin pushing to leave the club. The French winger has attracted interest from Europe this season, with AC Milan actively pushing to sign him on a loan-to-buy deal. Newcastle are yet to green-light the forward’s exit, particularly as they have not struck signed a replacement. Malcom appears to be a consideration, though Everton star Anthony Gordon is the top target and talks are expected to continue between the clubs this week. The winger was linked with a move away from Goodison Park over the summer, with Chelsea interested, though it was ruled that he would remain at the club. The forward appears to have taken matters into his own hands this time around though, not arriving to training for three days in a row.