Married at First Sight UK is expected to return later this year after last year's explosive series. While the E4 reality show didn't end in romance for all the couples, Zoe Clifton and Jenna Robinson did have their happily ever after despite their different lifestyle choices. Quantity surveyor Zoe joked to Express.co.uk how she wouldn't have wanted to date now-girlfriend Jenna if she saw her on a dating app. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS UK.In April 2021, filming began for Married at First Sight UK with a group of singletons meeting their future partners for the first time at the end of the aisle. One of which were Zoe Clifton and Jenna Robinson who, like the rest of the couples, were nervous about who the experts had paired them with. Zoe told Express.co.uk that she was "relieved" as soon as their eyes met as that initial attraction was there from the start. But around nine months after their ceremony, she admits that 32-year-old Jenna wouldn't have been someone she would have dated. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Jenna said: "We've said this a few times but in the outside world, there's this whole thing around vegans and what vegans are like and how you would never date a vegan. "I feel like Zoe would have been that person on a dating app that would have been 'no vegans'. Her other half then agreed, stating she "100 percent" would have not wanted to date Jenna solely because of her veganism. She joked: "And you [Jenna] 100 percent would have been one of those people with the plant emoji in your bio and I would have swiped the other way!" The MAFS UK stars are working with supermarket ASDA on a new campaign to promote its new OMV! and Plant-Based ranges. Unlikely candidate Zoe, who is a self-confessed meat lover, is taking part in the store's Veganary challenge, eating only its vegan range of food for the whole of January. As part of the campaign, it was revealed that 11 percent of Brits wouldn't date a vegan and almost a third stated it would be because they wouldn't be able to cook together. A quarter also felt that the difference in diet could lead to arguments about food. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [UPDATE]MAFS UK star Thomas Hartley's whereabouts after the show [CAST]Expert gives verdict on if MAFS UK's Jordan wants Chanita back [EXPLAINER] But Jenna believes that her own romance with Zoe does prove this theory wrong. She added: "Hopefully, our relationship and people seeing this can work. "Zoe had never met a vegan before, so we're polar opposites, [and those looking for love] can be more open-minded and allow people in and get to know them." As of yet, the pair aren't living together but state that they hope to do so sometime in 2023. Married at First Sight UK has been confirmed for another series but no start date has come out so far. The previous series all started in August and come to a close in September so this is expected to be the case again. But if last year's series is anything to go by, filming could begin as early as April. Married at First Sight UK is available to watch on All4. Zoe Clifton and Jenna Robinson have partnered with Asda this January as Zoe embarks on her Veganuary challenge with Asda's new OMV! and Plant-Based ranges. For more information, visit here.