The row over the Home Office requisitioning luxury hotels to house illegal migrants who have come across the Channel in small boats has hit the top of the government with a senior cabinet minister facing a backlash in his constituency. A parish council meeting in Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris's Daventry constituency is set to take place this evening amid government plans to almost double the size of Creaton village with illegal migrants. The £5 million luxury Highgate House Hotel has been bought up by the Home Office with plans to house 400 Channel migrants there. The plan to ship in 400 people to the Georgian hotel in a village of just 500 residents has provoked fury in the leafy Northamptonshire constituency. Currently, the hotel is not being used to house migrants but the plans have become the latest around the country to fuel the controversy over where to put the people crossing the Channel illegally. Seaside towns, red wall constituencies and others  around the country have seen hotels requisitioned for the almost 50,000 illegal migrants who have arrived this year. A meeting last week was attended by 100 people and a statement was read out from the local MP who could not attend. Mr Heaton-Harris, who was chief whip and had to contain Tory backbench anger over the issue, said: "I have asked residents to submit three main opinions/objections to Highgate House in Creaton being used by the Home Office to ensure we are as concise as possible when presenting this to the Home Office. "I have requested a time scale for the consultation, but my team will be ready to submit the final document as soon as possible." The 17th century coaching inn has six acres of grounds and 84 en suite bathrooms. Migrants can also expect to have use of a gym, restaurant and bar. There are also 80 parking spaces.  The pressure to use hotels came after complaints about accommodation after criticism of the use of the Manston military base in Kent where there were accusations of of overcrowding and a firebomb attack. One Creaton resident Steff Suter posted after attending anouther meeting. He said: "Seems now it's a foregone conclusion. "Creaton population 500, 400 asylum seekers to be housed at Highgate House Hotel 17th century nearly doubling the village population. "I love old buildings, please reconsider this it is asuch a beautiful site looking over the countryside. "There has to be somewhere more suitable." DON'T MISS Sunak has a fight to remain as PM in 2023 with Boris looming large [INSIGHT] Rejoin EU movement forced to look to Dragon's Den after Adonis quits [REVEAL] Rishi Sunak ‘absolutely’ should enforce anti-strike laws – YOU VOTED [REACT]