Manchester United have scheduled a medical for Jack Butland after agreeing a loan deal with Crystal Palace, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is on the lookout for a new goalkeeper following the departure of Martin Dubravka, who returned to Newcastle earlier this month. The Red Devils are keen to have three experienced shot-stoppers in their ranks, with David De Gea and Tom Heaton already there. Manchester United signed Dubravka on loan back in the summer hoping the Slovakia international would be able to replace Dean Henderson, who has joined Nottingham Forest until the end of the season. But after just two appearances he was recalled by Newcastle, with speculation suggesting he may now be primed to join Leicester. On Wednesday, it emerged United were in talks with Crystal Palace to sign Butland as a replacement - with the 29-year-old down the pecking order at Selhurst Park. And Spanish daily AS have claimed the former England international is set for a medical with the Red Devils today (Thursday) after a deal was agreed. Butland is poised to become the latest goalkeeper to join United in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Louis van Gaal recruited Victor Valdes back in January 2015, believing the Spain international could legitimately challenge De Gea for a starting spot. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Valdes’ time at Old Trafford worked out poorly, however, with the former Barcelona star clashing with Van Gaal behind the scenes. However, speaking after he left the club, he insisted he didn’t harbour a grudge against the Dutchman. "I don't have any bad words for Van Gaal or Manchester United,” said the goalkeeper, who won every major trophy at Barcelona in his prime. “They helped me through my injury and the manager gave me my chance as a footballer at Barcelona and then again at United. "He's like a father figure to me. I don't want to remember the last six months in a bad way. “For me he is in the top. We are still friends and there is no problem between us. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see "I want to say in a public way thank you to the U21 coach Alan Fettis. Without him I may have given up football. “He made me keep going and stopped me when I was thinking about bringing my career to an end." After Valdes left, United brought in Sergio Romero. The Argentina international had a shaky start to life in the Premier League, making a memorable clanger in a defeat to Swansea City. Yet Romero was to become a cult hero at United, deputising for De Gea diligently and remaining professional throughout his time at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The veteran also helped United win their last trophy, too, with the Red Devils claiming Europa League glory when Jose Mourinho was at the helm. But Romero was unhappy with the way Ole Gunnar Solskjaer blocked him from joining Everton in 2020 and, during his final year at the club, didn’t play. United did sign Nathan Bishop back in January of that same year, with the youngster arriving from Southend. He’s yet to play for the club, however, and was recently recalled from a loan spell at Mansfield Town. Meanwhile, speaking at a time where Butland is set to join United, De Gea has claimed he wants to stay at Old Trafford until the end of his career. "I'm very relaxed," he said when asked about his contractual situation, with the former Atletico Madrid star in talks to reduce his salary. "I just focus on training, perform as best as I can. But, for sure, it's going to end in a good way. "I hope (to stay for the rest of my career). I was saying this is my club, I've been here many, many years and it's a huge honour to be here and I'm so happy here." And, when recently quizzed on what has changed at United since Ten Hag’s appointment, he added: "We were talking, everyone is ready, everyone is focused, everyone is training really well, everyone is in the same direction, so this is massive. "It doesn't matter who is playing. Even the substitutes, it doesn't matter who came in, they put everything on the pitch, we have great team spirit and for me it's great to see the players play in this way."