Nick Knowles’ eldest son Charlie, 27, is from his first marriage to ex-wife Gillian Knowles. Yesterday he was seen going out for dinner with Love Island star AJ Bunker, 30. Charlie - who was previously branded "hot" by TV fans following an appearance on ITV series Lorraine - has seemingly now caught the attention of AJ. Charlie looked smart in a royal blue suit jacket, which he paired with a white shirt and black trousers. AJ meanwhile chose a stylish cut-out little black dress and perspex heels - which gave the appearance of her going barefoot. She was previously a bombshell entrant in Love Island's seventh series. She previously spoke about the nasty comments she received on social media while in the series. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves Telling The Sun: “My best friend said it was tough seeing all the hateful comments. Think she did try to remove some of them when I came out so there wasn't too many to see." She added: "But they're in the DM's, they're constantly gonna be in the comments. So it's kind of hard to escape." However, the former reality TV star has praised bosses for implementing a social media ban, as she thinks it will encourage only positive followers to seek out their favourite personalities. It comes as Charlie’s dad Nick promised to spend as much time as possible with his youngest son Eddie, eight, after feeling guilty for not being there for his older children in their younger years. The television presenter is also father to son TJ, 27, from his relationship with dancer Paula Beckett, and he shares Eddie with his ex-wife Jessica Rose Moor. DIY SOS host Nick says he was busy carving out his screen career in previous years and regrets not spending more time with his family. He explained to the Mirror: "It’s the most difficult thing in modern life to weigh up the amount you work to improve their lifestyles versus missing your children grow up. "I’m not sure I got that right with my older children, I was probably away too much. So I’m making a greater effort now with my eight-year-old." DONT MISS: Denise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking (PHOTOS)Dancing on Ice's Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill shared 'kiss'(NEWS)Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' (LATEST) Nick says being a father to a young boy at the age of 60 has given him a new lease of life. He said: "Having an eight-year-old son at the age of 60 is the most wonderful thing in the world. “It keeps you young, makes you see the world through new eyes."   Nick is now dating businesswoman Katie Dadzie, 33, who he regularly steps out to events with and shares pictures of them together on social media. He made his first public appearance with Katie in September 2021, a little more than a month after being romantically linked with her.