Yorkshire Building Society is currently topping the market leaderboard of easy access savings accounts this week. The Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue Two) is offering a competitive interest rate, and savers can get started with as little as £1. Easy access savings accounts have been growing in demand in recent months due to rapidly rising costs resulting in more Britons needing instant access to savings. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “As the cost of living crisis persists, savers may need to dip into their pots, so easy access and notice accounts could be the most suitable option that offers flexibility.” However, she noted that while the savings market overall has been “blessed” by interest rate rises during 2022, almost 70 percent of accounts now pay below Base Rate (3.5 percent). She said: “The consecutive rises to Base Rate should spur savers to check their existing savings accounts, particularly as challenger banks and building societies offer some of the best rates on flexible accounts.”  READ MORE: Iceland offers over 60s 10% discount on food shop every Tuesday  Easy access savers are typically one of the simplest accounts to manage as they enable payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and small opening deposit requirements. Now, YBS’ Rainy Day Account (Issue Two) is topping the board of easy access savers with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. This account offers a competitive, two-tiered variable interest rate and savers can get started with as little as £1. The 3.35 percent rate is applied to balances up to £5,000, while a 2.85 percent rate is applied to balances over £5,000.01. Withdrawals are permitted on two days per year based on the anniversary of account opening, plus closure at any time.  DON'T MISS: Boiler change could see you save £550 on energy bills [EXPLAINED]Over a fifth of young people have never discussed money at home [ANALYSIS]'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 money tips could save £50' [INSIGHT]    Interest is calculated on cleared balances daily and applied to the account annually on March 31. But, while this account offers an attractive rate for savers looking for flexibility and higher returns, a number of other banks and building societies are offering rates not too much lower. HSBC, Monmouthshire Building Society, and Sainsbury’s Bank are each offering appealing rates of three percent and 2.87 percent, respectively. Interest on HSBC’s Online Bonus Saver is calculated daily and applied to the balance monthly.  READ MORE: UK pensioners much worse off than European counterparts  The three percent rate is awarded on up to £10,000 of the balance every month a withdrawal is not made, while 1.4 percent will apply to figures over £10,000. But, while this is an easy access account, meaning savings can be withdrawn, it isn’t flexible and on the occasion that a withdrawal is made, a 0.65 percent standard rate will be applied to that month instead. Monmouthshire Building Society’s Premium Instant Access account, also with an AER of three percent, requires a minimum of £25,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance annually on March 31. Free and unlimited withdrawals are permitted, however, if the account falls below the minimum balance of £25,000, a variable rate of 0.05 percent AER will be applied until the account returns to the minimum balance.  Sainsbury's Bank’s Defined Access Saver (Issue 37), with an AER of 2.87 percent, can be opened with just £1 and interest is paid on the anniversary at a tiered rate depending on the balance. A 1.05 percent rate is applied to balances up to £999, while 2.87 percent is applied to figures between £1,000 and £500,000. A 0.9 percent rate is applied to any balance over this. If more than three withdrawals are made in a 12-month period, the interest rate will reduce to 0.8 percent until the 12-month period has ended. 