King Charles III has made his first public appearance since the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare. The King arrived in Aberdeenshire today for a public engagement at the Aboyne and Mid-Deeside Community Shed. The seemingly unfazed monarch beamed as he greeted crowds ahead of a tour around the organisation's new facilities. The charity-centred visit will see the King watch men who gather at the centre each week while they participate in wood and stone crafting. He also plans to meet other local hardship support groups, voluntary groups and food bank organisers. Groups he will meet with include the Inverurie-based Aberdeenshire North Foodbank, Gordon Rural Action and Young at Heart Deeside. His appearance follows the release of his son's tell-all book on Tuesday, January 10. Prince Harry's memoir, now the fastest-selling non-fiction book in history, made several uncomfortable claims about the Royal Family. While the King was portrayed sympathetically in the book, he was less forgiving with the King's wife Camilla, the Queen Consort. The Prince presented conflicting viewpoints on his stepmother, both condemning her actions and expressing affection towards her. In one passage of the book, he said: “In a funny way I even wanted Camilla to be happy. Maybe she’d be less dangerous if she was happy.” In an interview promoting the book, he accused her of courting the tabloid press. He alleged she hoped to improve her public image after being cast as a "villain". He made the claim in an interview with US broadcaster Anderson Cooper, in which she added her need to "rehabilitate her image" made her "dangerous". The Prince added: "That made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press." "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade of information." In other sections of his book, he is more reflective of the Queen Consort's positive impact. He speaks of the happiness she has brought his father, and her work with victims of domestic violence. Speaking in another interview, the Prince seemed to suggested she was "led" to believing certain things. He told Good Morning America's Michael Strahan that he has a "huge amount of compassion" for the Queen. He said that "being the third person within my parents’ marriage" had seen her attempt to improve her image. The Duke added: "Whatever conversations happened, whatever deals or trading was made right at the beginning, she was led to believe that that would be the best way of doing it.” Buckingham Palace has remained tight-lipped on the book since its release, with no comments made.