Chelsea making an offer for Noni Madueke has given away Todd Boehly's view on sacking Graham Potter. The Blues are reported to have bid £26.5million for the winger, who is well known by Potter. Chelsea have already made four signings in the January window. Joao Felix was the latest player through the door at Stamford Bridge but had a nightmare debut against Fulham. He was sent off in the 2-1 defeat and will miss the Blues' next three matches. David Datro Fofana has also been brought in to strengthen the attacking options available to Potter. But, having lost seven games out of the last nine in all competitions, there is still a desire to add new signings. Potter will be feeling the heat after a torrid run of form. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, he should feel better knowing the club is pursuing Madueke. The Mail claims Potter knows the England under-21 international, having shown an interest in him during his time in charge at Brighton. The recruitment staff who followed Potter to Chelsea are also fans of the player. The same report says owner Boehly has given the green light to an opening offer worth £26.5m. The American would unlikely sanction a deal for a player Potter wants to sign if he planned on sacking him anytime soon. So Potter is likely to fight another day for the time being at least. Chelsea's offer is unlikely to be enough to convince PSV to sell. PSV value Madueke around £35m, so negotiations are set to continue. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in privateArsenal face final 'complex' hurdle to secure Mykhaylo Mudryk transferMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  Madueke had time in the Tottenham academy before joining PSV in 2018. He has 20 goals and 14 assists in his 79 first-team appearances for the Dutch club. His current manager and former Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy understands the interest in him and is wary of losing another attacker after selling Cody Gakpo to Liverpool at the beginning of the window. He recently said: "I know there is interest. "This is due to its qualities and performance. It’s worrisome. We need to see if we can keep him. I very much hope for that. We must do everything we can to do that. "You also know that things can take off, if the purse is pulled hard. Then you have to be ready with several options, because then you would lose the second player in the winter. But as a coach you would rather keep your best players."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here