Everton are now expected to re-explore a deal for Rennes winger Kamaldeen Sulemana after Arnaut Danjuma turned his back on a move to Goodison Park despite undergoing a medical at Finch Farm. After parting company with manager Frank Lampard on Monday, the Toffees are now set to miss out on their top January target with the Villarreal winger set to undergo a medical at Tottenham Hotspur's Enfield Way training complex this afternoon. Everton had finalised the capture of Danjuma bar the player's signature and now in a stunning turn of events, they have been left facing further misery as their frantic search for a new boss also continues in the background. The Toffees were set to sign Danjuma on an initial loan with a mandatory purchase option at the end of the season. The club had also agreed to cover all of the Dutchman's wages until the end of the season with the attacker ready to boost their hopes of Premier League survival. He even completed his media duties and first interview with the Toffees before making a sharp U-turn ahead of his first training session with the club this morning. Now Ghana international forward Sulemana looks set to become Everton's transfer priority after already holding extensive talks with Rennes over a deal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Discussions that took place prior to Everton's agreement for Danjuma were also centred around a loan until the end of the season with a buy option. Sulemana has only scored once in 13 Ligue 1 outings this term but he remains a player that is very highly rated for the future at just 20 years old. Rennes are open to letting him leave the club this month if they receive what they consider to be a fair proposal. Everton are evidently working with a restricted budget but a wide forward remains the priority for the board as they seek to sign some reinforcements for their new manager. Express Sport has been told Bamba Dieng of Marseille is not currently an option despite reports in France suggesting otherwise. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The Toffees were also interested in signing Lorient's Dango Ouattara before his £20million move to Bournemouth. Ouattara made an instant impact on his Premier League debut as he registered an assist in his first start against Nottingham Forest on Saturday. Danjuma's Villarreal team-mate Nicolas Jackson was also briefly considered but he is now also set to join Bournemouth. Alongside Bundesliga side Augsburg, the Cherries were also keen on Sulemana but they have since pursued other targets. Sulemana's former Nordsjaelland coach Flemming Pedersen has previously claimed the Ghanaian has the potential to be as good as Neymar in an exciting reference for Everton supporters. He said: “We are talking about a player with potential on par with Neymar and maybe even more than that, because he is even faster.” Newcastle and Manchester United are believed to be among those that have scouted Sulemana since he began to make a name for himself in Denmark with Nordsjaelland. Rennes paid around £16m to sign the teenager back in the summer of 2021 and they would understandably be keen to overturn profit if they were to agree to a sale. Meanwhile, Newcastle have also entered talks with Everton over the signing of Anthony Gordon, who is still yet to pen a new contract at Goodison Park.