With temperatures still low and expected to drop again in February, drivers are being urged to prepare themselves to deal with the cold starts. Graham Conway, managing director of Select Car Leasing, has compiled a list of other items that drivers could use to get rid of frost from their windscreens. The first alternative to a scraper is already a common one, which thousands use when they are in a rush to get away. Credit cards, debit cards, or store membership cards are a perfect alternative to an ice scraper. The flat edge of the card can be used exactly as an ice scraper would be used, to simply scrape off the ice on a car’s windshield. However, it is recommended that drivers use a card that’s old and isn’t valuable. READ MORE: Thousands of drivers could escape speeding fines through loophole The card could be easily broken or water damaged if it contains electronics, so an old credit card or expired debit card that you have no use for anymore is your best option. Mr Conway added: “Most people have a pile of Tupperware boxes sitting unused in a cupboard somewhere, so why not put them to use as an alternative ice scraper? “A Reddit user posted a video on the forum r/lifehacks a few years ago, using only a small Tupperware box to clear ice off their windshield. “With just a few firm circular motions, the user cleared ice from the windshield with ease.” DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling [SHOCKING] In a similar move to the card alternative, drivers can also use a spatula, usually made of rubber or plastic, to scrape the ice off car windshields. If the weather is particularly bad, the flat edge can be used to break up and remove the ice. It is an extremely easy alternative, as it is something which most people will have in their kitchen drawer or cupboard. Strangely, motorists can even use a broom as an alternative to de-icer when they have a thin layer of ice on the windscreen. READ MORE: New London ULEZ scrappage scheme launches today with huge grants Mr Conway suggested that drivers sweep the ice with “some slight force” and it should fall off with ease. In the age of music streaming, DAB radio and Bluetooth, most vehicles have no need for a CD player anymore. But, if you happen to find some old CDs in the glovebox, the plastic case is a great alternative to an ice scraper. The edge of the plastic works as an effective method to scrape off ice, much like using a card. Graham Conway also highlighted the most popular method, saying: “Finally, de-icer sprays can be applied to the windshield before starting the car, which will help to melt the ice and make it easier to scrape off. "This can work in combination with another alternative ice scraper to make the job quicker and easier, especially if you’re dealing with thick ice. “If you don’t have any dedicated de-icer to hand, you could try making your own by mixing water with a few scoops of regular table salt. "Try adding it to a clean, empty spray bottle, and simply squirt the mixture onto your windscreen. "A few tablespoons of salt added to the water should do the trick."