Everton are reportedly looking to raid Chelsea this January with manager Frank Lampard clinging onto his job by a thread. The Toffees lost to relegation rivals West Ham on Saturday but a swoop for Hakim Ziyech could spark some optimism among fans with just 18 matches of the Premier League season remaining. Lampard was under huge pressure to come up with a win against the Hammers, with Everton on a dismal winless league run stretching back to October. His supporters feared the worst when they fell to a 2-0 defeat, courtesy of a first-half Jarrod Bowen brace. Sections of Everton fans remain on Lampard's side, however, and the board could boost his chances of turning results around by bringing in a big name before the end of the month. The Toffees now have two weeks until their next Premier League outing - against Arsenal at home - which gives them plenty of time to work on recruitment. According to The Daily Mail, a move for Ziyech is being explored on an initial loan deal, although other clubs are also showing an interest in the Moroccan international. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Trossard rocks the boat already as Odegaard challenged Ziyech has appeared in 10 Premier League matches this season, primarily playing on the right wing, but the arrival of Noni Madueke threatens to see him tumble down the pecking order in west London. The 20-year-old plays mainly in Ziyech's preferred position and he evidently showed enough at PSV Eindhoven to draw Chelsea into paying £30million. Prospects of switching flanks for Ziyech appear slim with left-winger Mykhaylo Mudryk threatening to take the Premier League by storm following his exciting cameo against Liverpool on Saturday. Goodison Park may therefore be an enticing option for the 29-year-old, should he opt to stay in England. DON'T MISS...Gerrard has Potter suspicion about huge Chelsea signing MudrykFergie's 10 worst Man Utd deals as Ten Hag looks to learn from errorsArsenal target Kiwior spotted at airport as Arteta lays out 'plan' Ziyech is also believed to have options abroad with Roma exploring the possibility of bringing him to the Italian capital. The Chelsea man is famed for his cultured left foot and enjoyed great success in the Eredivisie, putting up impressive numbers for Heerenveen, FC Twente and Ajax before heading to Stamford Bridge in 2020. Lampard may not have many more chances to oversee an upturn in results on Merseyside and he faces a tough run of fixtures, with a trip to Anfield following their Premier League clash with the Gunners. After losing to the Hammers, he assured supporters that he is ready to 'dig in'.  "We stayed up by the skin of our teeth last year and were five points shy of safety with not many games to go," he said after the final whistle. "I’ve said that we might stay where we are, and was questioned whether that is competitive enough talk. "But if you are in a club where the club has moved downwards with serious investment, the conditions now are that we don’t have that investment and we are trying to rebuild. That doesn’t mean straight away you start climbing stairs. It means you have to dig in as a club and I’m prepared to dig in."