Laundry can be a tiring chore, and one many people dislike, especially if washing clothing for a late family. While many are in routines they have been in for years, it may be time for a change. An expert is warning Britons to be aware of common mistakes people make when washing clothing, and how to avoid them. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, told Express.co.uk: “It’s easy for small objects left inside pockets to make their way into our washing machine drum. “At high spin speeds, these items can damage or snag items, sometimes causing more harm than good (we’re looking at you, tissues). “Always check pockets for any items you do not want going through the wash, such as coins and notes, tissues, earphones and doorways.” According to the expert, people often don’t check the label of their sheets and just assume all clothing requires the same cycle. Many people set their machines on a 40C or 60C wash, which could be harmful to some clothing. READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach Deyan explained: “Each type of material has different washing speed and temperature requirements. For example, wool and silk are best washed at 30C on a gentle wash, and shouldn’t be ironed or put in the tumble dryer. “If you follow the label’s instructions, you’ll be able to wash your laundry efficiently and keep your clothes in a pristine condition.” It’s easy to throw dirty laundry into the wash bin before untangling it as well as putting them in the washing machine without making sure they are not tangled. According to Deyan, items which are tucked inside themselves or tangled inside other garments could cause an uneven wash. DON'T MISS:David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant [EXPERT]Method to load your dishwasher properly - avoid common ‘mistakes’ [COMMENT]Crops to sow and plant in January - ‘beautiful blooms’ by spring [EXPLAINER] He added: “These areas run the risk of fading in colouring at different rates to the rest of the garment, and may rub against other clothing to create a damaged surface in a certain area. “I’d also recommend doing up all of your garments’ buttons, zips, and clasps to make sure that other materials don’t get damaged or snagged on them during a wash.” The laundry expert advised Britons to wash denim items inside out, particularly jeans, to prevent the colours fading too quickly. This will also help to protect the surfaces of other clothing items in the wash from becoming damaged due to the friction. READ MORE: I cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results Deyan explained: “This can also extend the life of older and more delicate denim items, especially those made from stretch fabric blends, and prevent tearing. “I would also suggest turning tops inside-out before a washing cycle if they have any graphic prints on their materials. “This can help to prevent printed designs from cracking and fading in colour, whilst helping to efficiently remove sweat stains from areas that are in close contact with your skin.” As well as making sure none of these mistakes are made when washing, it is also important to make sure some items of clothing are not put into the washing machine. According to the laundry pro, this includes ties and silk items. Deyan said: “Most ties are made from delicate fabrics, such as silk or wool, and run the risk of shrinking, losing their shape and staining other clothes during a quick washing machine cycle. “To keep them smelling fresh and in good shape, I would recommend hand washing them, or having them cleaned professionally. “Most silk items require dry cleaning treatments, as the high temperatures and spin cycles of a washing machine can cause delicate fabrics to tear, shrink and lose their shape. “You may also run the risk of staining other clothes in your washing load, as dyes from coloured skills can often run onto other fabrics.”