Chloe Madeley, 35, and James Haskell, 37, welcomed their first child together in August. The daughter of Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan recently enjoyed her first family holiday with their five month old daughter Bodhi. The fitness enthusiast took to Instagram today and revealed her little one had been "poorly" this week and it resulted in Chloe taking Bodhi to the hospital on two occasions. Sharing a sweet black and white video of the mum-of-one snuggling with her newborn daughter, she explained Bodhi had a high temperature. In a lengthy post, she began: "My little love has been very poorly this week. "Two trips to hospital and a lot of tears. Her temperature went from 39.8 [degree Celsius] on Saturday morning to 34 [degree Celsius] on Sunday night, so I was extremely worried about meningitis and sepsis, but blood tests show its just the Flu Type A Virus." READ MORE: Piers Morgan blasts 'fork-tongued' Harry and Meghan amid ratings drop  Chloe went on to thank the NHS staff who cared for her daughter while in the hospital. She continued: "I say just, wow has she been unwell. I’m amazed at how much it has impacted my sleep and work load, and how hard the last 5 days have been. "I just want to say to any and all mothers out there who have to make these kinds of trips and deal with these kinds of things on a regular basis, that I am in AWE of you. That you are real life superheroes.    Last week Richard's daughter had previously opened up about the challenges of being a new mum as she admitted it's "ridiculously hard work". Sharing an adorable photo of Bodhi sleeping, Chloe revealed she is going through the stages of getting her to cooperate from breastfeeding to a night routine. Her comments come as she admitted she never wanted to have children. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson hits back as family video is branded ‘so irresponsible’[LATEST]Salma Hayek, 56, almost unrecognisable in Instagram update[PICTURES]BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills reacts to Ken Bruce 'replacement' backlash[RADIO] She began: "It’s ridiculously hard work but it’s the most incredible feeling when you achieve something together. It’s so meaningful and so memorable. "She couldn’t work with me in childbirth, my little love needed all the help she could get and I am forever grateful that my obstetrician was there to bring her into this world…even though I was heartbroken about it at the time, I feel forever indebted now. "But we taught each other how to breastfeed, and that was our first joint venture." Chloe continued: "Now I’m teaching her how to sleep, we’re onto our second. "I know all this sounds very, very corny, but as somebody who once never wanted children, who thought it looked totally shit I’m in shock every day at how much it means to me now." She finished: "I still don’t care for caviar tho."(sic) The couple welcomed their first child on August 10 after tying the knot in 2018. And soon after, Chloe admitted she spent her pregnancy worrying that she would regret her decision to have children. Appearing on Loose Women, the fitness pro shared: "I spent a long time not sure if I wanted children, and I think a lot of women don't necessarily talk about it. "In the third trimester. I was really nervous, like, I hope I've made the right decision and I kind of thought that would go away. It didn't, and I was really nervous about it. "As soon as I saw her I just fell madly in love and thought, 'This is the best thing I've ever done!'"