The Duke of Sussex has said "there comes a point where silence is betrayal" in a bombshell interview set to air on US TV. In the sit-down with Anderson Cooper, Prince Harry discussed why he chose to speak publicly about his rift with the Royal Family, explaining: "Every single time I've tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and plantings of stories against me and my wife." Harry joined Cooper for a "60 Minutes" interview to be aired on January 8 - two days before his book, Spare, hits shelves. The highly anticipated memoir has been billed as a book of "raw, unflinching honesty". The CBS broadcast is described as is the "first US television interview to discuss his upcoming memoir ‘Spare’ and recount his childhood, the loss of his mother and life as the Duke of Sussex living in the UK and now in America". In a clip, released on Monday, Harry said he felt there was a lack of protection for him and Meghan against stories in the media, commenting: "There comes a point when silence is betrayal."  During the clip, Mr Anderson asks Harry why he has been "so public" in stepping down from his royal duties and moving to move to the US. Harry explained that he had tried to leave the institution privately but was subject to media leaks. He said: "Every single time I've tried to do it [leave] privately, there have been briefings and leakings and plantings of stories against me and my wife". He added: "The family motto is 'never complain, never explain' but it's just a motto".   The Duke suggested the motto, when dealing with the media is hollow, given that complaints were effectively made through passing stories to the press. He said: "They [Buckinghham Palace] will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent and that correspondent will be spoon-fed information and write the story. "And at the bottom of it, they will say they've reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. "So when we're being told for the last six years 'we can't put a statement out to protect you' but you do it for other members of the family.. there becomes a point when silence is betrayal."   It comes after a separate clip was released on Monday of Harry's ITV interview with Tom Bradby, also set to be released on Sunday. During the clip, Harry told the presenter he wanted to "get his father back" and to "have his brother back". The Duke also said it "didn't have to be this way", and that he wants "a family, not an institution".