The sheer magnitude of the crowning ceremony, and most importantly its significance, is taken very seriously by us Brits. It is the formal affirmation of the bonds between the monarch and the rest of us. But all is not well in our royal family right now. An especially unwelcome situation at a time like this, or indeed at any other time for that matter. Prince Harry and Meghan are proving to be a thorny distraction, sadly this was entirely predictable. Harry seems about as emotionally unstable as it's possible to get, which oddly doesn’t appear to unnerve Ms Markle in the slightest. Must we consider the woke factor in all this too maybe? Southern California has long been a magnet for space cadets and general wackos. (Look no further than the resident state governor in Sacramento to witness radical leftist lunacy at its most pervasive). Harry wants a grovelling apology before he will consider accepting an invite to Charles' Coronation. The “ball” he says, “is in their court”. But what does that mean exactly? Brand Sussex has its own Tinseltown PR spin merchants whose job is to present their client's "truth" as the actual truth. But it seems to me from the myriad attacks on the Royal Family that the real purpose of this effort is to manipulate our institutional order to suit THEIR agenda. Most were genuinely overjoyed that Harry had found someone with whom to build a life, which makes the sense of betrayal and general outrage at his unexpected post marital stunts much harder to stomach. Everyone knows who Harry is, but not many had ever heard of Ms Markle before her arrival on the scene. Here she is today full of her own importance, burning with ambition, and bombarding us with her truth (whatever that is). How on earth can Charles think for one second that inviting treacherous malcontents is right? At the time our late Queen passed away Sussex decorum was conspicuously evident. Returning to LaLa land their truth bombing gun batteries open up again. Why should we expect any change post Coronation? And why should we be exposed to any further slaps in the face? The Coronation is an occasion like no other part of our long-established traditional heritage. It is a solemn event that involves and affects all of us. Why then should we be further insulted and betrayed? To many of us Harry and Meghan want the money, they want the celebrity, they want all the trappings that go with it. They want it all. But they want none of the responsibility. By accident of birth Harry is the second son of the King of England, but without it what would he, or indeed Ms Markle, be? How long does anyone spit in the face of those that effectively enable a life of unimaginable good fortune, wealth, and privilege before those on the receiving end decide enough is enough?