Lewis Hamilton is expected to sign a multi-year deal for his next Mercedes contract, according to a new poll of Express Sport readers. Hamilton’s current contract expires at the end of 2023 but the Silver Arrows have suggested a new deal would be signed this winter. Over 80 per cent of respondents believe Hamilton will negotiate to stay at the German marque for at least two years. A massive 47 per cent feel the Briton would only sign up for 2024 and 2025. Meanwhile, a staggering 34 per cent believe he could be interested in a three to five-year contract which could keep him in F1 until 2028. It comes after Mercedes boss Toto Wolff revealed Hamilton had “another five years” in him. Hamilton has also suggested he had no timeline in place for his F1 exit, also suggesting he didn’t know what the next five years had in store. Furthermore, the seven-time champion has openly admitted he wants to stay beyond just one season. READ MORE: Mercedes respond after enormous Lewis Hamilton contract claims emerged Speaking in Mexico last season, Hamilton said: “I'm not putting a limit on it to be honest. I'm planning to do a multi-year deal with my team.” However, 19 per cent of readers have claimed Hamilton will only sign a short-term one-year extension. The seven-time champion has previously suggested he would walk away from F1 by the age of 40 to focus on his other interests. But, most readers agree that Hamilton is heading towards the end of his F1 career regardless of the length of his latest deal. A huge 89 per cent think this will be Hamilton’s last contract at Mercedes. DON'T MISSHamilton F1 retirement date comes to light as contract request lodged [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff suggests Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's next boss [COMMENT]Hamilton's 'contract proposal to Mercedes' sums up Verstappen view [ANALYSIS] Just one in ten said Hamilton could sign another deal to extend his F1 stay even longer after 15 years in the sport. Earlier this week, French media site Sportune reported Hamilton had already signed a two-year deal worth £61.4million a season. However, Mercedes have since denied the speculation and confirmed contract talks had not yet begun. A spokesperson told Formu1a.uno: “Obviously, the winter doesn’t stop the rumour mill, and it’s been entertaining to read speculation about contract discussions when they haven’t yet begun… Toto stated on record last Friday that discussions haven’t yet begun, and that’s exactly the situation.” Wolff has previously been adamant that Hamilton’s deal will be signed over the winter with just weeks to go before the start of the new campaign. He added: “Well, the job list is pretty long in what is needed to be done. But certainly, Lewis’ contract is one of the topics that we will tackle over the winter. But there is no firm deadline.”