Princess Eugenie is the youngest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, the Duke and Duchess of York. The royal has lost weight in recent years, most notably before her marriage to Jack Brooksbank in 2018. She also shed her post-pregnancy weight after giving birth to her son, August, in February 2021. Following the birth of her second child, Eugenie is likely to want to lose her post-pregnancy weight again, perhaps with the same diet and exercise plan. Princess Eugenie is often praised by royal fans whenever she steps out in public, thanks to her slender frame and on-trend fashion choices. In her most recent Instagram post, Eugenie shared a photo of herself and August to announce her pregnancy. The caption read: “We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer.” Royal fans were quick to congratulate Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank. User @princessbeatrice_mmozzi wrote: “Amazing news! Wishing you a healthy second/third trimester.” User @walesfamilyjourney added: “Congratulations! Wishing you a healthy and happy pregnancy. August is certainly going to be the best brother ever.” READ MORE: Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method Eugenie looked glowing in a warm coat and hat as August hugged her waist. The Princess did not show much of a bump yet. In recent years, Eugenie has lost an impressive amount of weight and has managed to maintain her ideal weight. How did she do it? It is thought that the Princess lost around four pounds back in 2018, according to personal trainer Jess Tonking. This was likely in preparation for her wedding on October 12, 2018. Jess said: “Princess Eugenie has a gorgeous shape with all the right curves but it does appear more recently she may have shed some body fat in prep for her wedding. DON'T MISS:'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers [RECIPE]I used white vinegar and baking soda to roast potatoes - results [VIDEO]'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL] “If she has been following a weight training programme it's hard to determine how much weight she has lost due to muscle gain. “I believe she may have lost three percent body fat in the six weeks since the royal wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry.” Harry and Meghan’s wedding was in May 2018, but Eugenie has spoken about her weight before then – the royal has shared her exercise and diet regime as far back as 2016. Speaking to Harpar’s Bazaar, she said: “I get up around 6:45am to start exercising by 7am. “I go to the park from 7am to 8am. I do circuits – which I love because they’re quick – burpees, squat jumps, lunges, the whole lot.” As for diet, Eugenie revealed that she sometimes follows a vegan diet, as does her sister Beatrice. Eugenie attended her sister's birthday party in 2019 where all the food served was completely plant-based, including the cake, which was dairy-free. The Princess also used to often visit the Detox Kitchen, a health-conscious restaurant in central London, where healthy snacks, takeaway meals, juices, and smoothies are available. She continued: “For lunch, I walk over to the Detox Kitchen, which is right across Regent Street in Kingly Court. “They do the best food, all healthy. There’s often a queue outside. I try to not eat at my desk because it's good to go outside, especially in the summer, and it’s always fun to explore Soho.” Eugenie went on to admit that she doesn’t drink alcohol often, but when she does, she opts for something light and low in calories. “My favourite drink is vodka soda with loads of lime. Can’t beat that,” she said. But it seems Eugenie doesn’t deprive herself of treats once in a while – back in 2018 she confessed to being a fan of the bakery section in Waitrose. Speaking to Harper’s Bazaar in about walking past the supermarket to attend the gym, she said: “In the morning class, I can smell the fresh croissants coming in and I’m like, ‘don’t do this to me’.”