Newcastle United's social media team put new signing Anthony Gordon on the spot just moments after he put pen to paper on his deal. The winger was shown reacting to a video of a fiery incident from earlier in the season when he played against the Magpies for Everton. Gordon has joined Newcastle on a long-term deal after an initial fee of £40million was agreed with Everton. The Toffees could earn a further £5m in add-ons during his stay in the north east. The 21-year-old was desperate to leave Goodison Park and failed to turn up to the club's training ground for three days in a row earlier in the week. He finally got the move he wanted when the transfer was announced on Sunday afternoon. But it didn't take long before Gordon was shown an awkward video from his last visit to St James' Park. Everton lost 1-0 to Newcastle last October thanks to a Miguel Almiron first-half strike. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Gordon was involved in a fiery altercation with several of his new team-mates during the game. Not long after his signing was announced, Newcastle posted a video of Gordon reacting to the clip. The footage showed the-then Everton star squaring up to Kieran Trippier, before Fabian Schar started pushing him and goalkeeper Nick Pope got involved. Gordon raised his eyebrows and pulled an awkward smile before laughing in the six-second video, which was posted on Newcastle's social media accounts. Gordon will be hoping to build a successful relationship on the pitch in his new surroundings. He has just three goal contributions in the Premier League so far this season. Speaking to NUFC TV, Gordon explained why he was so keen to switch clubs. He said: "Since I heard of the interest, I was always convinced Newcastle were for me. DON'T MISSBrighton 'ready' to sell Caicedo as Arsenal given green light for transferMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart£35.5m double deal, 'emergency' signing - Everton's dream end to January  "I think the fan base and the city really suits me as a person, the way the team are playing under the gaffer at the minute really suits me, and the club just look like they're heading in the right direction. I feel like it's a really big step. "People haven't seen what I'm capable of yet. I think under the gaffer, and the way the club's going, I can really excel here." Newcastle boss Eddie Howe added: "I'm delighted to sign Anthony - he's a top, top talent. I'm really excited to work with him, to develop him, and I'm looking forward to seeing what he can do in a Newcastle shirt."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 