Rafael Nadal’s shock Australian Open exit was labelled a ‘sad sight’ as the defending champion crashed out while struggling with injury on a nightmare day in Melbourne. The legendary Spaniard’s hopes of a 23rd Grand Slam title went up in smoke with a 6-4, 6-4, 7-5 straight sets defeat to American Mackenzie McDonald on Wednesday. Nadal was trailing by a set and a break when he agonisingly pulled up in the second set and looked in visible pain. He clutched his left hip in clear discomfort and left the court for a medical timeout at the end of Mackenzie’s service game as he took a 5-3 lead in the second set. Battling warhorse Nadal showed his bravery as he continued the match, but he was never truly comfortable throughout and was ultimately dispatched by McDonald in his earliest Aussie Open exit since 2016. Nadal, said he was ‘mentally destroyed’ after the devastating injury blow at such a crucial juncture in the match, and his supporting team were extremely emotional as he struggled to move well following his seventh defeat in eight matches. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal clashes with umpire as Ash Barty returns to Aus Open  And Eurosport pundit Tim Henman had huge sympathy for Nadal after his latest crushing injury blow. “It’s one of those nightmare injuries,” the former British no.1 said. “The game is physical for everyone and movement is important but when you get that sharp pain, it’s not good news because you think you’ve pulled something. We were watching and thinking this is not looking good. It’s a sad sight." Henman also reserved praise for Nadal’s opponent McDonald for his ruthlessness in taking advantage of Nadal’s injury plight and retaining focus to claim one of the biggest scalps of his career. “Mackenzie McDonald deserves a lot of credit because he was up on that baseline and the one dictating, which was kind of the outcome,” he added. DON'T MISS Nadal suffers huge upset at Aus Open as injured Spaniard crashes out Andy Murray insists he has earned luck after Matteo Berrettini win Djokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Aus Open “It was horrible to see – we’ve seen Nadal deal with so many injuries during his career but on this stage after his performance 12 months ago, to suddenly pull up… When he pulled up that sharply, we thought the writing was on the wall but McDonald still had to keep his focus and at the end of the day he deserved his victory.” Questions are now being raised over the long-term future of Nadal after this fresh setback. And the 36-year-old is praying his hip problem will not force another extended period on the sidelines. "I really hope that it doesn't put me out of the court for a long time," he said. "It's not only the recovery. It's all the amount of work that you need to put together to come back at a decent level. "I went through this process too many times in my career, and I am ready to keep doing it. I think, but that's not easy." 