Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowden) is Jay Brown’s (Jamie Borthwick) longest and dearest friend. The former shares a daughter with Jay’s fiancée Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) and the extended family are all busy planning the next Walford wedding. However, a mix-up in communication leads to Ben feeling hurt in upcoming EastEnders episodes. In next week’s episodes, Lola asks Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) to be her Maid of Honour. Kim immediately says yes and starts planning the hen party while Jay worries it will all be too much for his fiancée. Elsewhere on the square, Ben’s hurt Jay hasn’t asked him to be his best man. However, EastEnders fans will learn Jay already thinks his closet friend knows he’s got the job. Read more: EastEnders fans baffled over major plot hole as Harvey moves in When Kim organises the guest life for the hen party, the subject of Lola’s mum comes up. The social media influencer inadvertently touches a nerve when asking about Lola’s mum. Later, Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown) also asks about her mum and why she left. The young mum doesn’t have the answers for her daughter and struggles to respond. Meanwhile, Ben and Jay finally discuss the best man issue. Will Jay be able to make his friend realise he’d assumed Ben already knew he’d chosen him? Later in the week, Lola talks to Jay about finding her mum. The undertaker is sceptical it’s a good idea while Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) overhears and advises her to take it slowly. In other wedding news, Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) struggles with what to get Lola as a wedding before hitting on the perfect idea. DON'T MISSEastEnders fans 'work out' twist in Denise Fox and Ravi affair plot [THEORY]EastEnders' Danny Dyer admits to 'having issues' with wife over gift [INTERVIEW]EastEnders' Linda heartbroken as she receives devastating news [SPOILER] Lola’s mum Emma is set to arrive in Walford shortly and will be played by Patsy Kensit. EastEnders actress Danielle recently opened up on Lola’s decision to reach out to her mum. She said: “I think this is probably the first time that Lola has thought about the prospect of reconciling with her mum. “It’s almost like Lola has a brainwave that her mum is out there alive somewhere when she is mentioned by Kim. "I don’t think Lola would normally want to look for her but because she is dying, Lola starts to reflect and thinks that it’s her last chance to look for her. "It also brings up a lot of questions for Lola and she starts to think, “Do I want her at the wedding? Do I want to meet her?’” “Lola thinks long and hard about her decision, and after a chat with Lexi, decides that she wants to look for her mum,” Danielle continued. “I think she draws on her own experience as a mum, and she also doesn’t want her daughter to be left with the same unanswered questions she has. "After she’s decided that she wants to look, she goes and asks Sharon for some advice to see if it there is a way to track her down. It’s all of these little things that really push her into making that decision.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.