The Princess of Wales was photographed in Hampton Court Palace, south London, as she attended a reception for the England Wheelchair Rugby League Team after they won the World Champions in November last year. For the occasion, Kate opted for a very elegant burgundy suit, and she looked beautiful. The Princess of Wales wore a perfectly tailored two-piece burgundy suit which she combined with a pair of matching stilettos. Underneath her blazer, she wore a white jumper and despite the cold weather in London today, the Princess was seen arriving at the event without a coat or jacket. In fact, Kate recycled this two-piece suit from designer ROLAND MOURET, priced at £1,200, which she has been seen wearing on other occasions, including her recent tour of Boston. The only pieces of jewellery the royal chose for the casual engagement were a pair of delicate hoop earrings and a long gold pendant. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Fans took to social media to praise the royal's look with @gabriela.medero.9 saying: "She is beautiful the Princess of Wales!" Royal watcher @aaline.fernandesadv agreed and said Kate looked "so pretty" in London today. Instagram user @tony.gallego.522 commented: "Your wonderful Princess Kate, one of the best and most wonderful people, keep up the great work. Hope one day you will be Queen!" "She never fails to look ravishing! Love her! God bless and keep her Highness," said @renee.khmoro and @wallara19 added: "Always elegant and beautiful!"  This is a very busy week for Kate, who visited Foxcubs Nursery in Luton, north London, earlier this week. For the event, she opted for a very stylish red turtleneck midi dress and a camel coat. Kate added a black belt to the dress and for accessories, she chose a small brown clutch bag and a pair of matching dark brown boots. The Princess looked beautiful in her sophisticated outfit, opted for a natural make-up look and styled her long hair into her usual soft waves. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' The Princess, who often wears high street brands, chose the Limited Edition Button Cashmere Wool Camel Coat from Massimo Dutti, costing £349. Kate's clutch was from designer Stuart Weitzman and her earrings, "simple and extremely wearable" and "perfect for adding a touch of colour", were from Kiki McDonough. Royal watcher @l_glencora commented on the sweet event on social media: "HRH The Princess of Wales could be mistaken for a teacher. She has such a gift interacting with the children. She puts everyone at ease as soon as she enters a room. This is one of her many abilities." Another social media user, @curious37430953, added: "It is wonderful to see Princess Catherine supporting causes that are so close to her heart." Kate is a patron of the Rugby Football League and often meets with members of the coaching team and players to celebrate victories. She took over Prince Harry's role as patron of the England Rugby Football League and the Rugby Football Union last year after he and Meghan Markle stood down as senior working royals.