Manchester United are a "winning machine" and cannot be ruled out of the Premier League title race, claims former England left-back Michael Gray. Arsenal are currently flying high at the top of the table but Gray has predicted fresh problems for the north Londoners. United currently sit fourth in the table, level on points with third-placed Newcastle with a game in hand. Erik ten Hag's side are nine points adrift of Arsenal and just one off Manchester City in second. The Red Devils have won their last four league matches, conceding just one goal. They are the only team to have beaten Arsenal in the top flight this term. And ex-Sunderland star Gray says fans are in for an exciting second half of the season in Manchester. He told talkSPORT: "You look at what’s happening at Manchester United and where they find themselves in the Premier League table, they’re just a winning machine right now. "Being able to rotate the squad which is obviously helping United moving forward, but some of the goals, absolutely top class and some brilliant performances. Are we writing Manchester United off to go and win this Premier League title? READ MORE: Arsenal's fresh stance on signing Tielemans after Mudryk transfer  "Because all I keep hearing is, ‘Arsenal or Man City are going to win the title’. Well, they’ve got to go and play Manchester United again, Arsenal, Man City have obviously got to play them again. "We don’t know what the results are going to be and if you just start to close that gap come the end of the season, you know what pressure brings, and it brings nervousness to certain individual players when you haven’t won a title for so long. "And I know Man United have not done it for a while, but Arsenal have not done it for almost 20 years now. So this second half of the season is going to be very, very entertaining, very exciting, and I can’t wait for it." Gray reckons Arsenal will face more issues of teams sitting back and frustrating them, like Newcastle did in Tuesday's goalless draw. He also reckons the absence of Gabriel Jesus will cause more issues and what business they can do in January will be crucial. DON'T MISSFabregas back at Arsenal to kick off new career after Chelsea and Barcelona spellsFour cheaper wingers Arsenal could sign if Chelsea snatch MudrykChelsea new kit 'leaks' as Blues go back to roots with latest strip  Gray added: "You can’t write anybody off at this part of the season. You look at that result and I believe Arsenal have wiped the floor with Newcastle, but they haven’t been able to pick up three points. "They’re going to have more tests like that, Arsenal, because of the way that they play, I think sides will set up and make it difficult for them to break them down. We don’t know how much they’re going to miss Gabriel Jesus if they don’t do any business in the January window. "As the season continues, when we get to the latter stages, Man United’s squad is very healthy and very strong, there is competition for places. Arsenal are going to have a sticky spell in the season, we don’t know when it’s going to come, that might be the first game where it starts, we don’t know. So until they have that moment, let’s not write anybody off."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here