A school has been slammed for organising a sports trip to Dubai at a cost of £2,500 per pupil during the cost-of-living crisis. Gwyr High School, a secondary school in Gowerton in Swansea, is planning to take pupils currently in years nine, 10, and 11 to Dubai and Abu Dhabi in October 2024.   The week-long PE department "sports tour" is set to cost between £2,300 and £2,550 per child. The exact itinerary has not been shared but in a letter to parents the school said it plans on offering opportunities for the pupils to play rugby, football, netball, and cricket during the week. Wales Online reports the trip is being offered to students in years nine to 11 as school staff felt these were the year groups that had most missed out on school enrichment activities during the Covid-19 pandemic. Staff say parents had been disappointed that there had not been any trips abroad since the pandemic and wanted their children to go on one.    They said the choice of Abu Dhabi was made because it was the most cost-effective offered by the tour company they wanted to use.   And they said the price has not yet been finalised.   In a letter from the school’s PE department, which has also been shared on the school's Twitter account, reads: "We are writing to inform you that the physical education department is arranging a sports tour to Dubai and Abu Dhabi from October 24 to 31, 2024.   "We will be aiming to play rugby, football, netball, and cricket on the tour. The cost of the tour is £2,300 to £2,550 (max) depending on the proposed itinerary of the travel company/kit purchased.   "We will be offering this trip to the current year nine, 10 and 11 pupils. Pupils will only be allowed to attend this tour if they are on the register at Ysgol Gyfun Gwyr in October 2024.    "We are very eager to ensure that this opportunity is available to every suitable pupil."   READ MORE: King 'won't host peace summit' with Harry and Meghan before Coronation One parent of a year nine pupil said they were enthusiastic about the trip until they heard the price.   They said: "All sounds good until you find out that the trip will cost parents £2,500.   "And the best part of this is that it is in Abu Dhabi – how on Earth can they say that this trip is for all pupils? Why Abu Dhabi at this cost?"   The parent says they were further disappointed at the price as it comes when everyone is feeling the effects of the cost of living crisis.   They said that they had spoken to several other parents of children in year nine and that they seemed to all have the same opinions and shared their disappointment.   And some parents said it is time to end expensive overseas school trips that see children from struggling families miss out. One, Donna Michelle Evans, described its cost as "absolutely ludicrous". Another - Pat Paul O'Leary - said: "That would be a big fat no then, I don't like my kids missing out, but you got to draw a line somewhere, that money could go towards a holiday for the whole family or towards a new car that we could all enjoy and how much have the teachers got to pay I wonder." DON'T MISSBotched delivery of £2k sofa leaves furniture lodged in stairs  [PICTURED]Dramatic footage shows moment hero disarms gunman who killed 11 people [REPORT]William pokes fun at Kate's cooking ability in video [WATCH]  A school spokesperson said: "The cost of the optional sports tour in the school holidays, which would be open to year nine, 10, and 11 pupils, has not been finalised and is something we are talking to parents about.   "The cost was very much at the forefront of our minds, particularly at this time, and working with a company we have used very successfully in the past.   "We discounted other destinations such as Canada and South Africa as the estimated cost would be far greater.   "We have not run such trips since the start of the pandemic but we have been approached by several parents asking for their return hence why the school has offered this sports tour.   "If there is not enough interest then the sports tour will not proceed."   