Happy Valley season three has been a long time in the making with series two coming out in February 2016. The BBC One drama has let the dust settle during this time but now as a familiar and unwelcomed face returns, there will be plenty of problems for the Cawood family. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Happy Valley series three. When Sgt Catherine Cawood makes her comeback, she will discover the remains of a gangland murder victim in a drained reservoir. This find is the beginning of a new mystery that is going to see her go down a dangerous and personal path. Actress Sarah Lancashire has portrayed Catherine Cawood in all three seasons and is also known for leading the cast of BBC's Last Tango in Halifax. She has had a plethora of big roles in other popular dramas over the years, including The Accident, MotherFatherSon, Lark Rise to Candleford and The Paradise. Many fans will remember the early days of her career when Lancashire was Raquel Wolstenhume in Coronation Street for 13 years. READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report As Catherine digs deeper into the gangland murder victim's past, she sees he has a connection to Tommy Lee Royce. As fans are well aware, Tommy is Catherine's nemesis, as he raped her late daughter, leading to the birth of her grandson Ryan  Cawood (Rhys Connah). Actor James Norton is best recognised for starring as Sidney Chambers in ITV's Grantchester and, most recently, The Nevers as Hugo Swan. Catherine's sister Clare has always tried to be there for her during some of the most horrific days of her life. But she has had her own struggles and is still recovering from alcoholism and heroin addiction in the third season. Actress Siobhan Finneran has been in The Stranger, The Loch, Coronation Street, Downton Abbey, The Other One and Benidorm as the unforgettable Janice Garvey. There will be a few new faces joining the cast of Happy Valley for the final series, although their roles have not yet been revealed. Actor Amit Shah has been in The Long Call, Last Christmas, The Other One and The Rebel. Meanwhile, actor Mark Stanley is probably best known for portraying Grenn in Game of Thrones and appearing in Dickensian, Run and Trigger Point on ITV. Another new star in season three will be Mollie Winnard who has been in Love, Lies and Records and BBC drama Four Lives. DON'T MISS...My 600lb Life’s Amber Radchi unrecognisable after major transformation [HEALTH]Happy Valley season 3 episode schedule [RELEASE DATE]We look at the time jump between series 2 and 3 of Happy Valley [EXPLAINER] Of course, there is the supporting cast who will be back to round off Happy Valley's story for good. The Batman's Con O'Neill will return as Clare's recovering alcoholic boyfriend Neil Ackroyd and Gentleman Jack star as business owner Nevison Gallagher. Nevison's daughter and Catherine's colleague Ann will once again be played by Irish actress Charlie Murphy. She has been Jessie Eden in Peaky Blinders, Makee in Halo and Elizabeth Butler in Rebellion. Other cast members include: Ryan  - Rhys Connah Richard Cawood - Derek Riddell Daniel Cawood - Karl Davies Alison Garrs - Susan Lynch Happy Valley season three premieres on Sunday, January 1, at 9pm on BBC One.