1000lb Best Friends returned to TLC with the premiere of season two and more insight into the weight loss journeys of four friends. However, after viewers voiced their distaste for Megan Crumpler, her best friend, Tina Arnold hit back with a lengthy rant.  The premiere showed Meghan and Tina spending quality time together as they worked to keep up a healthy lifestyle. However, viewers were quick to notice a change in Meghan as she directed a negative attitude towards her best friend and Dr Proctor. Throughout the episode, the 44-year-old had no interest in talking about her fitness regime or her weight loss journey. As a result, fans took to social media and slammed Meghan for not taking her health seriously. READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down Towards the end of the episode, viewers were in shock as they witnessed the sad scene of Tina's home being flooded due to a broken water pipe. As the household evacuated and stayed the night at a hotel, fans criticised Meghan for choosing to spend the night with Tina and the others, instead of getting a separate room with her fiance. After seeing the backlash to the premiere, the following day Tina took to Facebook with a lengthy rant to fiercely defend Tina. She wrote: “I have to say something y’all. I can usually laugh off comments made by obviously ignorant people who just want to have something to say.   “But there’s so much hate happening right now toward Meghan, that I have to speak up and just let my voice be heard on the matter. “First, Meghan doesn’t ‘mooch’ off of me. I do not owe an explanation, and I won’t go into what all she does, because that’s our business. "But believe me when I say that she is all in and we are a family (Not sister wives family).” Tina explained: “Before she came to live with us, I was in a very dark place. I was suffering daily with my mental health and with being here … I prayed and prayed for God to help me.” DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life's Chay Guillory unrecognisable after major weight loss [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Amy Slaton on how she discovered her new pregnancy [INSIGHT] Tina continued: “God sent me Meghan. We’ve been best friends since I was 13! (I’m 42) She has been through literally EVERYTHING with me, always right there beside me. “At this point, she’s just my sister, she has been with me during my hardest, lowest moments and seen me in my darkest times. “She went through things with me that not a single other soul on this planet can fully understand … God knew that I needed her.“ Tina added: “She doesn’t hesitate to jump in to help, be it with housework, homework, or to help get something our family needs.”   Tina hit back at viewers and stated: “I will not continue to sit quietly while the world around us - who does NOT live with us, who does NOT pay our bills, who are NOT here to help me, go off on her and call her nasty names.” She also addressed the show’s editing, remarking: “Y’all see snippets of our lives and you can’t know 100% truth from snippets, you just can’t. “I know that our way of living isn’t traditional … I want to live happy, not trying to impress others by living to their standards.” “I’ll keep her right here (for now) where she’s safe and we get to be blessed by her every day until I know without a doubt that she will be ok next door! Love y’all, mean it!” Tina concluded. (sic)  1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC.