Emmerdale newcomer Caleb Milligan (played by Will Ash) has been rubbing his long-lost brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) up the wrong way since his arrival on the ITV soap. While the rest of the Dingle clan has welcomed Caleb with open arms, a frosty Cain has maintained his distance from him. Viewers have been left fearing Cain could be headed for a showdown like the one with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Cain made a return to the village after his son Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) confessed to shooting Al when he saw the corrupt businessman and his father fighting. On Monday night's episode of the serial drama, Cain threatened Caleb and told him to leave Emmerdale as he doesn't trust his long-lost relative. Caleb appeared to be too good to be true as he helped the Dingles by getting Kyle and Cain released early from prison. He reminded Cain of this on Monday, but the mechanic had no intention of thanking Caleb. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Caleb also noted the money he forked out on lawyers, telling Cain they will be able to help his 10-year-old son during his murder trial. But Cain's just not buying any of it, warning Caleb to leave the Yorkshire Dales for good. Viewers are now concerned Caleb might tempt his own fate if he doesn't listen to Cain's orders. Could the brothers come to blows in an explosive showdown similar to Al and Cain's?  Eli tweeted: “Every Cain and Caleb scene is literally just recycled Cain vs Al scripts, grown men behaving like toddlers.” (sic) Mike shared: "Cain vs Caleb is giving me the vibes of the feud between Liam and Noel Gallagher #Emmerdale." Jeanie said: "I used to like Cain, but he's getting on my nerves. He never stops being angry #emmerdale." Jehan penned: "Caleb really doesn't know when to stop. Amy [Wyatt] is a damn fool who should've learned her lesson from Al doing stuff just to get at Cain. I'd buy Caleb being Al's brother'. #Emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charity Dingle takes drastic action over upsetting news [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [THEORY]Emmerdale legend quits ITV soap after six 'privileged' years [UPDATE] Other Emmerdale fans were quick to praise Jeff's character who made his soap debut two decades ago. Johnathon said: "I don't think we talk enough about how great Jeff Hordley is in the role of Cain Dingle. #Emmerdale." Jason Peter added: "Just smack him one Cain and be done with it! #Emmerdale." Could Cain and Caleb work through their differences or will it all end in heartbreak?  Their sister Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) has been growing close to Caleb and he even encouraged her to stay in the village following her affair with Al. Her husband Paddy Dingle (Dominic Brunt) has been finding it difficult to see his wife walking around Emmerdale after telling her to leave the Dales. Will Paddy be able to move forward with his life and get over Chas soon? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 