Prince William and his wife Kate, Princess of Wales, waved to well-wishers as they officially opened Royal Liverpool University Hospital on Thursday. It marked their first public engagement since the Duke of Sussex's controversial memoir hit shelves, spilling a slew of royal secrets and offering an intimate insight into the splintered relations within the Royal Family, particularly Prince Harry’s fraught relationship with his older brother. On arriving at the hospital entrance, the Prince and Princess of Wales did not respond when a reporter asked: “Were you hurt by the comments in Harry's book, sir?” Neither William nor Kate have commented on Prince Harry's latest revelations: all members of the Royal Family have maintained a stately silence. However, some royal commentators were surprised by the Prince and Princess of Wales’ reserve on one particular day. January 9 marked Kate’s 41st birthday. Typically, the royals would mark the occasion with a post on social media. However, on Monday their accounts were quiet. Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie, hosts of Royally Obsessed, discussed the Waleses’ silence on the latest episode of their podcast, saying Kate got “lost in the shuffle” amid Harry’s barrage of bombshells. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's birthday treat in London that is only available to four royals “[What was] shocking to me, there were no new pictures, no acknowledgement from the Prince and Princess of Wales on any of their social media platforms — Twitter, Instagram — I thought that was kind of a gaping hole,” said Ms Bowie. “It was almost like a comment without a comment and suggesting that maybe they really are reflecting.” She continued: “It's definitely not a week with business as usual. We saw King Charles III and Queen Camilla share a picture from Kate's first visit to Wales on their Twitter account — that was very status quo. But other than that, it was crickets.” Both William and Kate feature relatively heavily in Harry’s memoir. The Duke partially blames his brother and sister-in-law for his poor decision to wear a Nazi costume, details Kate’s disagreement with Meghan Markle in the lead-up to the 2018 royal wedding and claims the couples suffered as a result of a cultural clash. At one point in time — albeit brief — Harry and Meghan, along with William and Kate, were known as the Fab Four. Harry admits things got off to a promising start when he realised the then-Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were watchers of Meghan’s TV show Suits. “I casually mentioned that there was … a new woman in my life. They surged forward. ‘Who is she?’” he writes. “She’s an actress. ‘Oh?’ She’s American. ‘Oh.’ On a show called Suits. Their mouths fell open. They turned to each other. Then Willy turned to me and said: ‘F**k off?’” The Duke explains he was initially “baffled” by his brother’s response, but William and Kate soon “explained that they were regular — nay, religious — viewers” of the legal drama. “All this time I’d thought Willy and Kate might not welcome Meg into the family, but now I had to worry about them hounding her for an autograph,” he writes. However, after Harry and Meghan wed in May 2018, relations between the two couples began to deteriorate. Rumours of tension were swirling when an alleged altercation over bridesmaid dresses occurred between the Princess of Wales and the Duchess of Sussex. At the time, it was reported that the disagreement left Kate in tears. However, in March 2021, Meghan told Oprah Winfrey that the roles were reversed and, in fact, she was the one who cried. In his memoir, Harry claims the pre-wedding argument was fueled when the two women were discussing wedding day rehearsals and Kate forgot an aspect of the plan. Meghan suggested that the Princess of Wales had “baby brain”, a comment Kate allegedly took great offence to. The Princess had given birth to Prince Louis on April 23, 2018, 28 days before the Sussexes’ wedding. Then, four days before the wedding, Kate’s daughter Princess Charlotte tried on her bridesmaids’ dress and discovered that it was far too big. Harry claims Kate asked that the dress be remade, but Meghan assured her that the tailor could alter it. Harry writes that an argument ensued between Meghan and Kate, provoking the Duchess of Sussex to cry. The Duke claims he found his wife-to-be at home on the floor sobbing, adding that Kate visited the next day with flowers and a card to apologise, a detail that Meghan recalled in the Oprah interview. Elsewhere, the Prince claims Kate was put “on edge” about being “forced to compete” with Meghan. He also notes the two women’s differences, recalling a moment that saw Kate “grimace” when Meghan borrowed her lip gloss, “squeezed some onto her finger and applied it to her lips”, describing it as an “American thing”. While Kate has not publicly addressed her brother-in-law’s comments, it has been said that she is “appalled” by the revelations, particularly those pertaining to her personality. “Kate feels that Harry’s actions are atrocious,” a source told Us Weekly of the Princess’ reaction to the explosive book last week. “She is appalled at him for dragging her name through the dirt and is finding it hard to forgive.” However, while some of Harry’s remarks shine a negative light on the Princess, he also speaks highly of the royal he once described as “like a sister”. In one instance, the Duke describes his and Kate's shared sense of humour, an attribute that made him happy to welcome her into the family. “I liked seeing Kate laugh. Better yet, I liked making her laugh,” he writes. “And I was quite good at it. My transparently silly side connected with her heavily disguised silly side. Whenever I worried that Kate was going to be the one to take Willy from me, I consoled myself with thoughts of all our future laughing fits together, and I told myself how great everything would be when I had a serious girlfriend who could laugh along with us.”