Manchester United are primed to complete the signing of Wout Weghorst on two conditions, Express Sport understands. The Netherlands international is being eyed by Erik ten Hag at a time where the Red Devils require a new striker. Cristiano Ronaldo has left the club, while Anthony Martial remains inconsistent and injury-prone at Old Trafford. Manchester United saw Ronaldo leave the club back in November, having scored just three goals before his controversial interview with Piers Morgan. And though the club have been linked with Joao Felix and Memphis Depay, they’re now probing a deal for Weghorst this month. Express Sport understands that, in order for a deal to be completed, two things must be overcome. One is a compensation fee, with Besiktas sporting director Ceyhun Kazanci and the player’s agent, Simon Cziommer, currently involved in private talks. And the second is that Besiktas will only agree to terminating Weghorst’s loan once a replacement has been signed. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s understood the Turkish giants are primed to pursue Vincent Aboubakar, who they’ve previously missed out on twice. United are confident of landing Weghorst this month, believing the Netherlands international can offer something different to their current attackers. And, should he join, he’s expected to challenge Martial for a starting berth. The France international has scored five goals across all competitions this term, with only Marcus Rashford managing more. Yet injuries have hampered Martial in recent seasons, with the 27-year-old’s woes frustrating Ten Hag behind the scenes. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Weghorst could also become the latest Dutch player to join the club, too. Arnold Muhren spent time with United back in the 1980s, lasting three years before returning to Ajax having been signed from Ipswich. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, the Red Devils recruited the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Raimond van der Gouw, Jaap Stam, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Edwin van der Sar, Robin van Persie and Alexander Buttner. Louis van Gaal managed Tim Fosu-Mensah during his time at the club, while bringing in Daley Blind and Memphis Depay. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer gave a debut to Tahith Chong during his time in the dugout, too, with the youngster previously arriving from Feyenoord. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking back in February, meanwhile, former United interim boss Ralf Rangnick compared Weghorst to Liverpool icon Ian Rush. "He [Weghorst] looks with his size, a little bit like Ian Rush, for example, but he’s a very technical player,” he said. “Due to his size, he is also physically present but he’s not that much of a physical target striker. He is more of a technical player. "Also, he had good times at Wolfsburg when Oliver Glasner was head coach, he did extremely well and scored quite a few goals. “I thought he was a good signing and one of the best possible signings to replace [Chris] Wood." Back in the summer, Weghorst thanked Burnley fans for their support after a disastrous spell at Turf Moor. The 30-year-old bagged just two Premier League goals before moving to Besiktas on loan. “Thank you Burnley FC. Thank you fans, you made my time on Turf Moor,” he said. “Sometimes it still hurts, but I especially cherish the beautiful moments. “Good luck for the future, an extra supporter will follow you.”