Prince Harry is risking his children wondering if they are a 'spare' after their father's "unfair treatment", an expert has claimed. The Duke of Sussex titled his highly anticipated book 'Spare', the word used to describe the second born in the Royal Family. The title refers to Harry and his older brother Prince William's destiny as royals, with the Prince of Wales the next in line to the throne. But Performance coach and author of 'The Blame Game' Denis Liam Murphy said Harry is risking his children asking questions around the phrase when they get older. The Duke of Sussex has two children, Archie, three and Lilibet, one. Mr Murphy told Express.co.uk that although the phrase may not apply to the sibling's postitions in the Royal Family they will know how "unfair" it is. He said: "There is the chance that at some point they will start asking questions around what being a ‘spare’ means. "Maybe wondering if they are one. Even if it is explained it doesn’t relate to them, they will just know how unfair it was for dad and how it might relate to them." The subject of 'the heir and the spare' has been widely covered in the case of William and Harry, with reports that the late Princess Diana tried to shield her youngest son from the label. James Patterson, author of ‘Diana, William and Harry: The Heartbreaking Story of a Princess and Mother’, claimed that Diana was “troubled” by Harry being labelled the “spare”, and tried to control it as much as possible. READ MORE: William surprised by 'terrifying' risk that UK children are facing Speaking on Archie and Lilibet's relationship with the Royal Family as they get older, Mr Murphy said Harry's claims could have a "lasting impact" on the two, as Harry shows a "one-sided" view. He said: "Harry’s children are growing up surrounded by all these blame-based versions of the truth. Even if they think they are keeping them out of it, their children can ‘feel’ the anger, frustration and sadness that emanates from both parents." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry told he 'hasn't got a clue what half the words in his own book mean'Charles' attempted assassination that reignited the Prince of Wales controversyCharles’s May Coronation will be ‘half the size of Queen’s’ as new details revealed    Mr Murphy also suggested the Duke of Sussex hasn't considered the butterly effect on his children, which suggests that the issues could get worse if they are left unaddressed. He said: "If Harry’s children are learning that playing the blame game and acting like the victim leads to money and attention, then they will take this baton even earlier than he did. They are then likely to create similar or more extreme experiences to mimic what their parents went through."