Russia is expected to soon unleash a new Zircon hypersonic missile this year as the Kremlin continues to rage a war of Ukraine. Alexander Leonov, general director and general designer of the rocket design bureau Reutov NPO Mashinostroeniya, spoke about the missile and its range of more than 559 miles - or 900km. Speaking to Russian state news outlet RIA Novosti, he said: “You know, I’m not talking about performance. I confirm what the military says. And it is not customary for us to speak more broadly. But this is not the maximum range. The missile should be put into service with the Navy this year." Leonov added: " "A standard set of procedures and a set of documents for the adoption of Zircon into service is being carried out. There is nothing unusual here." The rocket designer also said that missile are being mass-produced. Despite Russia's numerous military setbacks in Ukraine, President Vladimir Putin appears to be doubling down in the hope the Ukrainians will eventually back down. The Kremlin announced this week that it had carried out “hypersonic missile exercises” in the western part of the Atlantic Ocean. Admiral Gorshkov tested its striking capabilities according to a statement released by Moscow's defence ministry. The statement added: “In accordance with the training situation, the frigate practiced arranging [a] Tsirkon hypersonic missile strike against a maritime target at a distance over 900 kilometers away." The Russian defence ministry also said the Gorshkov ship “is a modern multi-purpose ship, equipped with guided missiles, and designed for operating in distant maritime and oceanic areas. READ MORE: Putin could instigate 'World War Three' if UK fails to act “Fitted with Tsirkon [missiles], the ship is capable of launching pinpoint and powerful strikes at any offshore and onshore targets." Putin announced the development of the Zircon (Tsirkon) missile in 2019, boasting that it will be able to travel nine times the speed of sound and "can hit navy or land targets.” The Russian President claimed in 2018 that Moscow's hypersonic missiles are “invincible” and can hit any target on Earth within 30 minutes. Moscow's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, warned earlier this week that West and Russia are "almost" in a direct war because of the military aid being sent to Ukraine. DON'T MISSCanada follows Biden's lead and pledges tanks to Kyiv [INSIGHT]Wagner Group ‘has rape and murder at its heart’ [ANALYSIS]Dedicated Ukraine hotline encourages Russian troops to surrender [INSIGHT] On Tuesday, Valery Gerasimov, chief of Russia’s military general staff, warned that Moscoe will consider NATO "expansion" when planning Russia's military response. He said: “Today, such [security] threats include the aspirations of the North Atlantic Alliance to expand to Finland and Sweden, as well as the use of Ukraine as a tool for waging a hybrid war against our country." Gerasimov was referring to Finland and Sweden's applications to join NATO, sent after Russia invaded Ukraine. The Russian general added: “Our country and its armed forces are today acting against the entire collective West."