On December 30, 2022, a significant development was made in the Idaho murders case. Police arrested 28-year-old Bryan Kohberger in connection with the fatal stabbings of Kaylee Goncalves, Maddie Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. Kohberger's arrest comes after a seven-week investigation involving 300 interviews and 20,000 tips. Here's everything we know so far about Bryan Kohberger. Bryan Kohberger is a crime expert who was studying for a PhD in criminal justice at Washington State University’s Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology, which is located just 10 miles from where the killings occurred. Authorities tracked the suspect all the way to Pennsylvania and surveilled him for several days before finally arresting him on Friday. Kohberger was arrested in his home state of Pennsylvania and charged with four counts of murder in the first degree, as well as felony burglary in connection with the deaths. Still, investigators have not publicly confirmed the suspect’s motive or whether he knew the victims. READ MORE: Idaho murders: Footsteps can be heard on 'every floor' - creepy new detail in case emerges The murder weapon has also not been located, Moscow Police Chief James Fry said on Friday. Investigators honed in on Kohberger as the suspect through DNA evidence and by confirming his ownership of a white Hyundai Elantra seen near the crime scene, according to two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation. He journeyed cross-country in a white Hyundai Elantra and arrived at his parents’ house in Pennsylvania around Christmas, according to a law enforcement source. Authorities began tracking him at some point during his trip east from Idaho. DON'T MISSBiden preparing for 2024 presidential run [LATEST]Four human skulls found wrapped in aluminium foil [INSIGHT]Idaho suspect kept a low profile, neighbours say [REPORT] An FBI surveillance team watched him for four days before his arrest while law genetic genealogy techniques were used to connect Kohberger to unidentified DNA evidence, another source with knowledge of the case told CNN. The DNA was run through a public database to find potential family member matches and subsequent investigative work by law enforcement led to him as the suspect, the source said. Detectives are now analysing Kohberger's background, financial records and electronic communications and have asked those who know him to contact them to share anything they know. READ MORE: Idaho murder weapon offers 'horrendous' insight into killer's profile, says ex-FBI agent Jordan Selrulneck, the owner of a brewery in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania - near where Kohberger was a student at DeSales University earlier in 2022 - said he had visited a few times that year and would sit at the bar by himself. He told NBC News that Kohberger would make comments under his breath and staff added warning notes that would pop up when his ID was scanned. "Staff put in there, 'Hey, this guy makes creepy comments, keep an eye on him. He'll have two or three beers and then just get a little too comfortable'," he told NBC. Kohberger was often "exhausted" but became "chattier" following the Idaho case, according to his WSU classmate. "I did notice he was showing up to class a little late sometimes, he always had a coffee in hand, he always seemed to be just perpetually exhausted," said WSU classmate Benjamin Roberts. He added: "Bryan seemed like he was on the knife’s edge between exhaustion and worn out and at the time it was extremely difficult to tell which was which." Shortly after his arrest, the university took down a grad student page listing his name and police were pictured raiding the apartment where he had stayed. Kohberger also received a master of arts in criminal justice from DeSales University in Center Valley, Pa., in 2022. The university later put out a statement saying they were aware of his arrest and “devastated by this senseless tragedy".