A blocked toilet is a common problem that everyone comes across at some point in their life. Whether it’s clogged by too much toilet tissue or a blockage in the u-bend, most of the time you should be able to clear it yourself. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for unblocking toilets. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Sophie Spencer asked: “Any ideas for unblocking the toilet? I have tried washing up liquid then hot water, a plunger, a drain unblocker, vinegar and bicarbonate of soda and suction using clingfilm. READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ “Still no joy! Oh, and draining rods in the main drain. At a loss! Help please.” The post was inundated with comments but the most suggested hack was to use caustic soda. Michelle Arnold said: “Caustic soda. Follow instructions carefully.” Alyson Aslin replied: “Caustic soda. Nothing else works.” Liz Chapple suggested: “I used caustic soda with a kettle of hot water. But don't stand too close.” DON'T MISS‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [INSIGHT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from your patio with £1 ‘cleaning staple’ [UPDATE]Essential kitchen items clean shower heads without removing them [ANALYSIS] Caustic soda is also known as sodium hydroxide. The compound is inorganic with the formula NaOH. Caustic soda can be bought online or from hardware and DIY stores.  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using a mop, a boiled kettle of water, a wire coat hanger, hose and your hand. READ MORE: 'Best' method to clean dirty towels and bath mats Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Michelle Livelaugh said: “Mop in a bin liner, plunge and flush. Keep going and it will clear.” Jennifer Tosh suggested: “An ordinary mop. Plunge it up and down into the toilet. Always works for me.” Ziggy Harnett replied: “Boil a kettle and chuck it down.” Michelle Mcerlean explained: “Ring out your mop and use it as a plunger. Chug it in and out then throw out your mop head.” Michael Davies posted: “Shove your hand down there and push it past the bend.” Christine Brady said: “Unwind a wire coat hanger and push it down the u-bend using the hook to pull anything out.” Lindsay Blundall suggested: “My mum’s was blocked by too much toilet paper, a short piece of hose worked to dislodge it.”