Arsenal forward Gabriel Jesus is making positive progress in his return from injury, with his latest video update exciting fans amid the club's Premier League title challenge. Jesus has been absent since before the World Cup with a knee injury, but he is edging closer to a comeback. After suffering a World Cup-ending injury while representing Brazil in Qatar this winter, the 26-year-old underwent surgery to repair ligament damage to his knee. He had been expected to miss three months of action as he goes through rehabilitation with staff at the club's London Colney gym. But supporters' optimism of an earlier return is growing after he published his latest positive update via a video on social media on Wednesday. The encouraging two-minute clip showed Jesus being put through his pace with some intense weight-training exercises. The uplifting update comes after he hinted on social media that he was no longer using crutches, replacing the walking aid with a knee brace. He was shown completing body resistance exercises, boxing and stretching, and he even removed his knee brace on a leg extension machine. JUST IN: Arsenal already making Mudryk back-up plans with Lozano being courted Arsenal won't rush Jesus' return to the pitch, despite their intense Premier League title battle with Manchester City looking increasingly likely to go the distance this season. And Gunners boss Mikel Arteta has suggested they are ready to dip into the January transfer market to replace the Brazilian while he is absent, amid strong links to Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk. He said: "[Jesus is] such an important player: he's brought something very different to the team, and it's impossible to replace him. "But we have other players, other alternatives, and we'll try to get that sorted. The transfer window is another option." READ MORE: Chelsea go after Premier League star £27m cheaper than Enzo Fernandez Jesus has netted five goals in 20 appearances since leaving Man City for Arsenal last summer, but he has offered far more than goals, helping Arteta realise his playstyle vision. Nketiah has done a commendable job in his place since club football returned after the World Cup, netting twice in three games as the Gunners extended their lead at the league summit to eight points. There is concern surrounding Arsenal's attacking depth while Jesus is sidelined, though, so it comes as no surprise that Arteta is actively looking to strengthen. But Jesus is still sticking close to the squad and visited his team-mates in the dressing room after Tuesday's 0-0 draw against Newcastle United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here