Rishi Sunak’s acknowledgment that the last 12 months have “not been easy” is something of an understatement as the country faced a series of challenges that were compounded by the war in Ukraine and a dramatic rise in the cost of energy. But all is not lost for the Tories. Focaldata, a polling company, reveals that a third of the electorate in key battleground seats are undecided about who to back at the next election. And it’s no wonder. Where does Labour really stand when it comes to industrial action that puts lives at risk? Is Sir Keir Starmer a Labour moderniser or closet socialist who belongs in the 1970s? What does Labour propose to do to stop the flow of migrants crossing the Channel in small boats to reach Britain? It has been a tumultuous 12 months for the Conservative Party, one that we hope will never be repeated. Hard graft, bold ideas, unity and discipline is what’s needed in 2023. Nothing less will revive Tory fortunes. We always knew that Christmas and New Year would be a pinch point for the NHS – but perhaps few of us imagined it would be quite so pinched. Some people have resorted to do-it-yourself treatment because they can’t get a normal GP appointment. Others have gone to A&E and waited hours to see a doctor. The president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine claims that as many as 500 people a week are dying because of delays in emergency care. The solution is not just to allocate more money to the NHS – although we believe increasing nurses’ pay is justifiable. What’s needed is a radical and fair plan to bring the NHS into the 21st Century. We urge the Government to dare to go where no other government has gone since the Second World War – and save our NHS. You could always tell a gentleman by the state of his shoes. Not so much the quality of the leather but the brilliance of the sheen. And that meant getting out a tin of polish and giving it some elbow grease, something that millions of schoolchildren used to do on Sunday night. But it would seem that not enough of us are bothering to shine our shoes anymore. And this has led to the lamentable decision of market leader Kiwi to stop selling their products in the UK. Times change, of course, but we can’t help thinking that this is regrettable – and a step back for us as a nation. Polished shoes add to life’s lustre.