The BBC Breakfast presenters were left stunned when Peggy, a Pug and a Chinese Crested cross, joined them in the studio. While Jon was interested in why Peggy was entered into the competition and what it entailed, Sally was left in tears of laughter and unable to continue the interview. Kicking off the segment, Sally began: "Now for most dog owners their pet is the cutest thing in the world, but how would you feel if yours was given the title of the ugliest dog in the UK?" Jon continued: "Let's find out because this is four-year-old Peggy, she is a Pug and a Chinese Crested cross and she is in the running for that title. "She joins us now with her owner Holly Middleton, good morning Holly, good morning to you Peggy." As the dog responded to her name, Sally exclaimed: "Oh Peggy come on! I feel bad about this because Peggy is beautiful in her own way." READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Holly agreed: "I think she is beautiful. I think she has a cute little face but I am aware other people don't always think she is the cutest." Explaining why Peggy was entered into the competition, Holly continued: "A lot of my friends and family sent me screenshots and tagged me in posts. "And I just sent her picture in and didn't really think anything of it and then I got told a couple of days ago she is in the top seven, so we find out next week I think." Curious, Sally asked: "You seem like you're alright with her being the ugliest dog in Britain perhaps? Almost quite proud." Holly admitted: "Yeah, she doesn't know any different, she looks gorgeous every day, she doesn't know what she is entered for, if she wins she wins, if she doesn't, she doesn't. "They are all super cute and I think, all seven of them." Holly went on to explain she and her family adopted Peggy after finding her online and was the last left of the litter. Pointing out a "key question", Jon asked: "The tongue," to which Sally covered her face with her papers to disguise her laughter. DON'T MISS...Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  [LATEST]Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT] He continued: "What is going on with the tongue?" leaving Holly to explain: "I have no idea, it has been like that since we got her. "It doesn't cause her any issues, she can eat, she can drink, she can do everything it is just there. She can get it in her mouth, but it just doesn't stay there." Laughing at her own joke, Sally teased: "Maybe that is what she thinks about Jon!" as Jon expressed: "Are you alright Peg!" Jon continued the interview with Holly and Peggy, but sitting by the side of her co-star, Sally was unable to control her laughter. Before saying goodbye to Holly and Peggy, they had a look at the other contestants that were in the running, which set off Sally's laughter once more. As the images appeared on screen, Sally could be heard giggling and sniffing, trying to keep her laughter under control. Jon admitted: "I have to say, as ugly as these dogs are, it feels terrible to say that, they're not a patch on Peggy, because I have never seen anything like Peggy." Noticing Sally's uncontrollable laughter, he turned and asked: "Are you alright Sal?" as she sat wiping away her tears from laughter. BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.