Budgeting for household energy bills leaves little money spare to fix other problems around your home, particularly those caused by a combination of cold weather and the frugal use of central heating. Dampness and mould are often easy to control with some simple maintenance, and a property expert has shared exactly how to do it. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Dasha Klyachko explained the common causes and "quick fixes" homeowners need to know. Dasha, CEO of Livlet said: "Unfortunately, due to the UK’s climate, damp is a very common and recurring problem. Keeping track of the repairs and maintenance implemented in your home is the best way to prevent unexpected costs that come from addressing this. "It's important to tackle dampness in your home as soon as possible, as it can lead to other problems such as mould growth and structural damage. If quick fixes don't seem to be helping, you may want to consider hiring a professional to assess the problem and implement more permanent solutions." Fixing dampness is easier said than done if you don't know what's causing it in the first place. Doing so not only helps you to treat the problem yourself but also means you can shop around for the best tradesperson for the job if professional repairs are required. According to Dasha, there are several common causes of dampness, all of which require different treatments. She said: "This could be due to a leaky roof or gutters, plumbing problem (failed pipes or seals), poor ventilation, high humidity, or issues with your property’s walls (rising/ penetrating damp)." READ MORE: Tumble dryer alternative is 'much cheaper' but takes months to pay off Once you have identified the source of excess moisture lingering in your home, you can try to fix it yourself using a few simple remedies. This may involve repairing a leaky roof or pipe, or increasing ventilation in the affected area. Dasha urged homeowners to tread carefully if they're still not sure what is causing the problem. She added: "It is worth being extra cautious if the cause isn’t immediately obvious - spending money upfront to explore the source can help you save a lot more in the long run. "Examples include cutting inspection holes in your plasterboard to verify whether a plumbing issue may be the cause of the damp issue on your top floor wall before spending thousands repairing your roof." If however, you know you are guilty of failing to heat or ventilate your home, the answer is much clearer. Five ‘low cost and efficient’ methods to dry washing inside [TIPS]‘Cheap’ solution to prevent condensation and ‘protect homes from damp’ [REVEAL]Best shower lining to avoid mould and 'damp smells' in the bathroom [INSIGHT] Ventilation For ventilation, the property expert recommended making sure you have extractor fans for bathrooms, kitchens and any small utility rooms with washing machines or tumble dryers installed to building regulations. Living rooms and bedrooms should also have a source of fresh air, whether it be a window or fan-supplied. Leaks Dasha added: "Some simple leaks, such as a dripping faucet, can often be repaired for just a few pounds, while more extensive repairs, such as replacing a leaking water heater or fixing a damaged sewer line, can be much more expensive. "On average, you can expect to pay anywhere from £100 to £1,000 or more to fix leaks in your home, depending on the extent of the damage and the solutions that are needed." READ MORE: Property expert shares 'tips' to 'increase the value' of your home If you do experience a leak, you can clean up the affected area by removing any standing water or moisture. Use a wet dry vacuum or mop to remove any standing water, and dry any wet surfaces. Power on fans and open windows to help to dry out damp surfaces and improve the overall air quality in your home. Repainting after a leak may also be required to conceal visible damage to your property. According to Dasha, this can cost between £100-£300 per room, depending on the size of the area and the quality of the paint. Wallpapering costs even more - between £100-£500 per room depending on the size of the space, the quality of the wallpaper, and the complexity of the pattern.    As with most things, prevention is always better than a cure, particularly when it comes to saving money on costly household repairs. Fortunately, dampness is easy to avoid by making a habit of waterproofing your home. Dasha explained that this can be done by using a sealant or waterproofing agent on any areas of your home that are prone to dampness, such as basements or crawl spaces. She added that moisture absorbers are also a worthwhile investment if you struggle to control moisture levels in certain parts of your property. Of course, keeping gutters and downspouts in good repair is also important to prevent water from leaking into your home, though the best fix for internal damp issues is to use your heating. Dasha said: "Condensation occurs as a result of a surface’s temperature falling below the dew point – in short, cold surfaces in your home are much more likely to attract condensation. Keeping the space temperatures to reasonable levels, opening windows and the use of extract fans can severely reduce damp caused by high humidity."