Carol McGiffin exploded at her Loose Women co-stars as she deplored the BBC for creating a 10-part podcast series about former Isis member Shamima Begum. Carol insisted the 23-year-old's life was "not in the public interest" as she shut down her colleague Nadia Sawalha's comments on Shamima who was stripped of British citizenship as a national security risk.  Nadia told the ITV panel on Thursday: "I want to know what her life was like. "Now I went to school with a number of girls, lovely girls, who had very strict Muslim families and we would be at school and they would study. They would go home to their bedroom to study. "Now somebody I know told me about these ISIS videos which some of these young girls look at. "ISIS videos are incredibly well produced, with great production values, in the desert, with very good-looking men in robes.  READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down "Some of the girls get drawn into this romantic idea of what they are going into and I think it's really important we know about it." However, Carol vehemently disagreed with the idea that Shamima should be given a voice or platform. Carol fumed: "It's been ruled by the highest court in the land that she is not worthy of her British citizenship and it's been taken away from her." She added: "It is her story, there is no way of checking anything, it is just what she says and she feels."  The BBC has issued a statement confirming the podcast is "not a platform" for Shamima and instead is a "robust investigation into who she is and what she really did". Carol told her co-stars the story was not in the public interest as she thought the "majority of people" agreed. When co-star Charlene White challenged Carol, the latter shouted: "Why her? Why her? "What you are doing is sitting here making excuses for [Shamima]. DON'T MISS...Coleen Nolan 'reunites with ex' after heartbreaking split [UPDATE]Ruth Langsford shares husband Eamonn's complaints [LATEST]Linda Robson warns 'I'm coming for them' in swipe at co-stars [INSIGHT] "I am sorry but a decision has been made and she is not allowed to come back, I don't want to hear what she has got to say. I am not interested." Nadia understood where Carol was coming from but suggested hearing Shamima's point of view may be helpful. Carol raged: "She's not stupid you know, everyone goes, 'Oh she was only 15, she's a silly girl,' she's not stupid."  Within the BBC podcast, Shamima said she accepts she joined a terror group when she fled Britain as a schoolgirl. While she recognised why the public is against her, she insisted: "I'm not this person that they think I am." She is still in a legal battle with the British government to have her citizenship restored so she can return to London. Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 