The journalist in question was heard asking Prince William if he wanted to comment on the book. In response the Prince appeared to dodge the question, although some have speculated he may not have heard due to the high winds. This is the first time the Prince and Princess of Wales have stepped out in public since the claims within Spare came out last week. Among the allegations mentioned are that Prince William physically attacked Prince Harry. Other claims also centre around King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla.  On their official engagement, to open the Royal Liverpool University Hospital, observers say the couple looked relaxed as they greeted officials outside the main building. In amidst all the controversy and amid great anticipation, Spare has become an outstanding success, now standing as the fastest selling non-fiction book in history according to Penguin Random House. The publisher reported that 1.4 million copies alone were sold on the first day of release on Tuesday. The book, ghostwritten by J.R. Moehringer, features a number of claims including Prince William's alleged teasing of Prince Harry over his panic attacks. Furthermore, it is also claimed that King Charles III put his own interests above those of Harry and that he was jealous of both Meghan and Kate.  One of the main nerves that Spare has touched is in Prince Harry's discussion of th 25 Taliban he killed whislt serving in the armed forces. Originall accused of boasting about htis act, he has since denied the accusation and said in a interview with Stephen Colbert that the wanted to be open about his experiences and help reduce the number of suicides by former veterans. Prince Harry has long been an advocate for the rights of former veterans, helping to set fup the now famous Invictus Games, an event in which former members of the armed forces compete against each other in a multisport event. Nevertheless, some commentators believe Harry has now put his family in even greater danger than before the book has published. His admission at how many men he has killed has received criticism from across the board including from the Taliban. Despite his defences, Harry's popularity has plunged since the book was published. According to a poll from YouGov 68 percent of 1,691 adults surveyed on Tuesday and Wednesday have a negative opinion of him.This means the Duke's popularity is now at a record low. However, it is important to note the small size of the surveyed group and that this doesn't not mean his popularity may rise again. What is uncertain is whether the bridges he has burned between himself and others can ever be repaired.