According to experts, some paint colours can negatively impact your mood, meaning you should avoid them inside your home. 24/7 blinds has teamed up with colour therapy expert Momtaz Begum-Hossain to understand how the different seasons and colours can impact emotion and which ones to stay away from. The expert explained: “As the most energetic of all colours, red is overly stimulating. “It can make you alert rather than relaxed and trigger feelings of rage and anxiety. “Of course, there are many shades of red and all of them affect an interior space in different ways. “Bold scarlet reds are the most dominating while a darker maroon is less intense. READ MORE: World’s ‘most dangerous’ plants could be lurking in your garden “Pantone has chosen Viva Magenta as their Colour of the Year 2023, it’s a dark red that has a strong, powerful presence but could become too intense if used too much so keep its use minimal.” If you do want to add red into the home, use it in the finer details like in an ornament or a vase of roses. According to the expert, this will make a space feel welcoming but not intimidating enough to make anxiety flare up. The colour therapy pro continued: “It’s becoming more common to see accent black walls gracing the pages of interior magazines where they’re highly stylised to create jaw-droppingly beautiful imagery. DON'T MISS:Gardening expert shares ‘pretty’ but ‘poisonous’ plants to avoid [COMMENT]Six paint colours to ‘avoid’ in your home - ‘ditch the grey’ [EXPERT]‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens [INSIGHT] “But in reality, black rooms aren’t always fit for purpose. “Black absorbs light, darkening a space and it also lacks energy making a room feel flat and gloomy.” When the atmosphere is missing, a space can become cold and in cold spaces, communication suffers. According to the expert, this could make a conversation between you and anyone visiting “break down” if you have a black room. READ MORE: ‘Key’ steps to ‘freshen’ up your home without spending a penny Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you do want to add black into your decor, like with red, add in small soft furnishings such as a cushion or a vase. In a survey commissioned by 247 blinds, they found that well over half (65 percent) of British people suffer from lower moods in January and February than they do during the rest of the year. The results found women are also affected worse than men with the results being 10 percent higher for females. The expert continued: “Historically and culturally yellow has great significance. The Ancient Egyptians revered yellow as it symbolised the sun and the sun gods they worshipped so they would often use it in their art. “A positive trait of yellow as well as boosting your mood is that it can help you make decisions.” If you’re overwhelmed by choices, you could be lacking in yellow energy, according to the pro. To start with, add some soft yellow furnishings into the home to help boost your decisiveness and focus. Other colours to introduce into the home include neutrals to help bring in as much light as possible.