Princess Nina of Greece and Denmark, 35, wowed during her latest appearance in India. The royal stepped out at the Gem Palace in Jaipur wearing shocking pink. The Greek royal was elegant in a Maison Valentino Appliquéd Wool and Silk-Blend Crepe Midi Dress from the AW22 RTW Collection. This is currently available online at Net-A-Porter costing an enormous £8,400. The dress is long-sleeved and has a scalloped neckline. It nips in at the middle to create an emphasised waist. It falls to a full, A-line skirt which appears to fall between the knee and ankle. READ MORE: Kate dazzles in olive as she steps out for Christmas Day  The most exciting part of the dress, however, is its shocking pink colour, which is certainly a head-turner. On the runway, it is modelled with extremely high platform heels, gloves and a huge handbag, all in the same colour. But Princess Nina went for more understated accessories with a dainty beige shawl and flat beige shoes. She did, however, go for some show-stopping jewels, including earrings, a necklace and a traditional Indian headpiece. These appeared to be a mixture of rubies, diamonds and pearls, perfectly suited to a royal. She was pictured looking happy and smiley as she perched on a chair next to her husband, Thomas Flohr. She wore her hair scraped back into an elegant pun, pinned at the nape of her neck. As for makeup, she let her shocking pink dress and jewellery do the talking with a pretty fresh-faced look. READ MORE: Zara channels Sophie Wessex for Christmas Day at Sandringham  The royal appeared to wear a smidge of eye makeup with a subtle pink lip. Royal fans were amazed by the Princess' bold choice of outfit and took to Instagram to comment on her style. @alison_lou stated: "Bold but not weird. I'd call this a 'hit' for Nina." @bbcroatia added: "I find this very couture and chic! She looks radiant in this colour also." noiresmum was a huge fan of the ensemble: "Loving joyful, blocking colour but fabric layered with incredible texture and embellishment." She added that it was the perfect way to enter 2023 - "New Year's celebration perfection!". @granitaconpanna1 was in agreement: "Love her style, though this is by far one of my fave looks so far."