Emmerdale's Dingle family have had a tough time of late, especially after Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) took the fall for Kyle Winchester ( Huey Quinn), who killed Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Not only is Kyle struggling to keep what happened a secret, but Cain's sister Chas (Lucy Pargeter) has also got herself caught up in some trouble. The barmaid, who was having an affair with Al, was finally exposed and her marriage to Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) is in tatters. Paddy isn't the only one left heartbroken by Chas' betrayal in the village. Pregnant Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) blames the barmaid for driving her mum away following Al's affair. Chas' sister-in-law Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) is also unimpressed by Chas' actions after she led Chloe to believe it was her having the fling. Things were made worse when Moira discovered her husband Cain knew the truth and did nothing to stop it. READ MORE: Emmerdale fans 'work out' real father of Chloe's baby in Paddy twist However, things are set to get worse for Chas, but will Moira end up seeking revenge? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about her upcoming storylines, Natalie teased more drama for the Dingle family. "I'm really annoyed by the whole thing about that because Cain is aware of that as well," Natalie began. "It is the fact he throws me under the bus as well and lets everyone believe it was her. "She knows she didn't do it but it's the fact she (Chas) lied and did throw me under the bus." The Moira Barton star teased further betrayal as she added: "She definitely has some repercussions between Chas and Moira and that is to come. "No wonder because that was a big lie and also obviously, I'm very upset about it because this is why this had led to this." Not only is Moira having to deal with Chas' lie and her husband being in prison, but she is also trying to stop Kyle from revealing what happened to Al. DON'T MISS...Meghan's ‘friend’ claims Harry will realise ‘mistake' of marrying her [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty's appearance leaves BBC Breakfast fans distracted [REACTION]Emmerdale favourite to return to village after ITV boss drops clue [SPOILERS] The youngster has been wetting the bed as he struggles to deal with the guilt he feels for shooting Al. Kyle's mum, Amy (Natalie Ann Jamieson) and Moira are the only people who know about it, but what lengths with the mums go to, to protect their son? When asked whether Amy or Moira would "kill for Kyle", Natalie replied: "Well, I have already killed." She continued: "Well, I mean that was a long time ago.  "It was five years ago because Bobby, who plays Isaac is five, so that happened then. "But the reason I pushed her off that viaduct was that she slated every one of my children one after the other." Natalie explained Moira would do anything "when it comes to her kids" but after she killed Emma, her character "felt a lot of guilt". "I didn't really want to have to kill someone but she deserved it," Natalie added. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7am on ITV.