Judd Trump has revealed how a trip to the toilet at a crucial stage of the Masters final did the 'trick' as he went on to beat Mark Williams. In a thrilling affair at Alexandra Palace, Trump had led 5-3 at the mid-session interval before the Welshman battled back to take five of the next seven frames, moving within two of victory. But the 2022 World Championship runner up held his nerve to level the match at 8-8, before taking a quick comfort break. And under huge pressure, 'The Juddernaut' then also reeled off the final two frames to win the title for the second time, and claim his fourth Triple Crown win overall. The relief was evident, with the star aiming a passionate fist pump in the direction of his parents after sinking the pot which sealed victory. The title also signified a turn around in form for the former world No 1, who has endured an underwhelming start to the season despite making a maximum 147 break in the Champion of Champions final, which he lost to Ronnie O'Sullivan. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan shares classy Mark Williams wish as Rocket rues Masters snooker exit Trump also conceded that he felt he had been outplayed by Williams for much of the final. The veteran had rediscovered his best form in London, toppling O'Sullivan before labellng his opponent the 'GOAT' afterwards. DON'T MISS:Mark Williams wanted BBC snooker commentator to 'shut up' during Ronnie O'Sullivan winRonnie O'Sullivan labelled snooker GOAT by Mark Williams despite Masters loss to WelshmanMasters snooker tournament disrupted as wasp lands on Mark Williams' genitals  “I'm just speechless because I didn't think I was going to win. I honestly didn't. I wasn't playing well enough. I’ve never missed so many easy balls by so far and able to get over it so quickly. I was able just to get it completely out of the system straight away." Trump was ranked the world No 4 ahead of the event at Alexandra Palace. He had to come through final frame deciders with Ryan Day and Barry Hawkins before hammering Stuart Bingham 6-1 in the semi final.