Arsenal are reportedly still hoping to sign a central midfielder before the transfer window shuts on Tuesday, with Everton's Amadou Onana emerging as a potential option for Mikel Arteta. The Gunners have been scouring the market for a midfielder to bolster their ranks as the Premier League leaders try to protect their five-point lead over Manchester City. The Gunners have been linked with several big-money moves and are thought to have an extensive list of names, including Onana, Declan Rice and Moises Caicedo, on sporting director Edu Gaspar's shortlist. Caicedo and Rice are likely to cost in excess of £70m, however, which could throw a spanner in the works. And with only five days of the transfer window left to go, they are yet to launch a concrete bid and time is against Edu to find a suitable player to sign. Cheaper alternatives such as Brazilian starlet Danilo have gone elsewhere, with the 21-year-old signing for Nottingham Forest earlier this month. But according to TEAMtalk, Arsenal are preparing to go all out and 'will try' to sign a midfielder in the coming days. READ MORE: Arsenal plotting Mudryk revenge as three-horse race emerges for Onana The north London side have already spent £43million in the transfer window to capture Leandro Trossard from Brighton and Spezia's highly-rated Poland international Jakub Kiwior. It is understood the path may be clear for Arsenal to move for Onana after the 21-year-old snubbed a move to Chelsea as he wants to finish the season with the Toffees. However, the Belgian may be tempted by the prospect of joining Arsenal's title battle rather than fighting against relegation with struggling Everton. Arteta has Thomas Partey, Granit Xhaka, Mohamed Elneny and Albert Sambi Lokonga as his current options in that particular area and is yet to experience any long-term injury problems with the quartet. But with Elneny out injured and doubts over Lokonga's ability to deputise in the role, the Spaniard admitted it is an issue that needs resolving before January 31. DON'T MISSArsenal working on two further January signings for Mikel ArtetaArsenal 'make decision' on £75m Caicedo deal stopping Rice pursuitArsenal boss Mikel Arteta explains plan to make third January signing "If there's anything else available that can make us better we'll look at it," the Arsenal manager said. "We need some more cover in midfield ideally if we can. "In this market it's pretty complicated to do that. The most important thing is that we get the performances and the time on the pitch that we need with the players we have available today that are already really good." It has been a problem area for Arsenal after they failed to land Douglas Luiz on deadline day back in August, having seen a £25m bid knocked back by Aston Villa. The Brazilian went on to sign a new deal, forcing Arteta to look ahead to January to strengthen his squad. And the 40-year-old will be determined to avoid being left disappointed once again, although with only less than a week remaining, the clock is against Arsenal.