Carlos Sainz Sr has discovered that he fractured two vertebrae in a horror crash during the Dakar Rally which saw his car flip over. The veteran rally legend and father of Ferrari star Carlos Sainz Jr was aiming to complete the epic sand rally for the 16th time before crashing out earlier this month.  Sainz Sr had suffered a crash on the opening stage ruining his chances of a fourth overall victory but continued the event. His horror crash came on the ninth stage when the Spaniard overshot his landing after jumping over a sand dune resulting in his Audi RS Q e-tron E2 landing front down and flipping onto its roof. Both Sainz Snr and his co-driver Lucas Cruz got out of the vehicle before the Spaniard complained of chest pain resulting in being airlifted to hospital. In a dramatic turn of events the veteran driver ordered the helicopter to return to his stricken car and team-mate Cruz. However, their crew were unable to fix the Audi RS and were forced to abandon this year's Dakar Rally. Sainz Sr has now revealed the source of his pain in the immediate aftermath of the heavy crash. READ MORE: Carlos Sainz's dad forces helicopter to turn around en route to hospital after crash   Sainz Sr wrote on social media: "On my return to Madrid from the Dakar Rally, the back pain I suffered after the incident of this year’s event persisted longer than usual. Following medical advice, I underwent further checks to assess in detail the extent of the injury. "Unfortunately, the results haven’t brought good news because I fractured the T5 and T6 vertebrae. The good thing is that both vertebrae are stable and from this day on my priority will be to recover as soon as possible. Thank you all for the love and support I have received over the last days. I will keep you updated."  DON'T MISS: Ferrari driver Sainz Jr was supporting his father at the Dakar Rally earlier this month and a clip surfaced on social media of him 'getting too close' to his father's car while repairs were being made. The F1 driver was close to the drivers’ door as his father slammed it shut. The FIA launched an investigation amid a breach of a rule that prevents team personnel from being within one-kilometre of a competing vehicle. In response Sainz Sr claimed that this was not a rule-break due to the fact his son was not actually part of the ‘team personnel’. As a result, the FIA accepted the claim and no further action was taken. 