Love Islanders Zara-Lackenby-Brown, 25, and Olivia Hawkins, 27, appeared in a music video together and exchanged social media likes in the past, in spite of clashing last week on the ITV show. Yet Zara's brother Alex has insisted the pair never knew each other prior to taking part in the ITV show. Alex appeared on Love Island's Aftersun on Sunday and addressed the growing speculation, caused after fellow Love Islander Tom Clare had caused tension between the girls by rating which one had a better face. Show host Maya Jama quizzed: "What do we think about Zara and Olivia's situation? "There has been a lot of talk that they knew each other before - do you know anything about that? Can you give us some insight?" Alex conceded: "They have been on set together on a music video and a few things like that but that's it." READ NOW: Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island He added that they'd also connected on social media, "as people do". "They exchange messages and big each other up and that sort of thing," he elaborated. However, Alex then insisted: "No, they didn't actually know each other beforehand, so everything that has unfolded has been on TV!" His rebuttals come hot on the heels of Love Islander David Salako's claims that Zara and Olivia had admitted to knowing each other in unaired scenes from the villa.  "I think Zara told everyone that she knew Liv, and Liv confirmed it." The glamorous pair have had explosive confrontations with each other at their South African idyll, leading others to wonder if they had hidden history. They can both be seen in the 2019 Dapz music video, Take You Away, during which they show off their bikini-clad figures at the pool. However, previous social media exchanges between the two have seemed complementary in the past. In one, Zara commented on a sexy selfie on Olivia's Instagram account, marvelling: "Absolutely unreal babes" with a love heart emoji. The pair are both in the entertainment industry and between them have racked up an impressive portfolio of acting, modelling and dancing jobs before their Love Island stint. Olivia has played a waitress in a James Bond film starring Daniel Craig, while she has also been a body double for Michelle Keegan and Emma Watson. Meanwhile, Zara's biggest claim to fame seems to have been her appearances in music videos for international artists such as Hardy Caprio, Headie One, Aitch and Tion Wayne. It isn't all showbiz glitz, however, as the glamorous model also works as a property developer. Fellow contestant Tom was at the centre of their rivalry when the semi-professional footballer declared that Olivia had the "best face" and Zara had the "best body". Enraged Zara reacted furiously to the truth or dare game, exclaiming: "I'm not just some f*****g booty to you!" Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm.