The long-awaited second series of Clarkson’s Farm will return to Prime Video next month and viewers will see Jeremy Clarkson tackle a new series of challenges including the impact of Brexit and the loss of subsidies. In the coming episodes, Jeremy seeks to increase his annual profit from just £144 and purchases a herd of cows.However, things start to go awry when Dilwyn the vet explains that badgers could spread Bovine Tuberculosis (TB) which would be fatal for the cows.Speaking ahead of the new series, Jeremy said that documenting the threat of TB was “one of the most difficult” to cover because the badger is “much-loved” by many Brits - apart from "farmers and people who work in the countryside".The TV star said: “We thought, ‘What do we do?’ because if you want to make a popular show you have to say, ‘Oh, look at the little cuddly-wuddly badgers'. READ MORE:Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms “But no, it’s a farming show, and you would lose your core audience, the farmers, if you went around, saying, ‘Look at these sweet little animals’.”Instead, Jeremy “called them b*****ds” and wanted to “show people what they actually do”.He went on: “These are not nice animals. Do not be fooled by Brian May. This is what badgers do. This is how much heartache they’re causing to people who have worked for generations to build up a farm that’s been wiped out by badgers.”Queen guitarist Brian May has campaigned for animal rights for decades and even appeared in parliament last year to speak out against badger culling. As for why he likes badgers so much, Brian told The Guardian back in 2011: “To me they are fascinating and rather mysterious because they have been in the British Isles longer than humans and they have their own social ways, not all of which is understood by us."I can't help but have a sort of awe for all wild creatures who have survived even the awfulness of what we have done to the world."Nevertheless, Jeremy wanted to show the “gory” side of the furry animal as it wreaked havoc on the farm.He explained: “It was gory, for sure. Finding a dead badger, and showing all that hedgehog blood on its mouth, and all the things it’s eaten and the cows it’s infected. DON'T MISSRobert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman[INSIGHT]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments[LATEST]Liz Hurley called 'gift from gods' as she defies age in tiny bikini[PICTURES] “Not pleasant. Then there was a cow struggling to give birth and we had to use a winch to get the calf out.“You could edit that out and if you were making a Sunday evening programme, you probably would. But if you want to know what life is like for farmers, you’ve got to put that in. “You’ve got to put the badgers in and say how much damage they do, and you’ve got to show the tricky births.” Clarkson’s Farm series two launches Friday, February 10, on Prime Video.The show has also been confirmed for a third season.However, sources told Variety that Prime Video may not be work with Jeremy beyond the seasons of Clarkson’s Farm and The Grand Tour that have already been commissioned following his controversial comments about Meghan Markle.