Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree have spent the last seven years renovating their dream home in France. The couple's journey was well documented as viewers tuned in to watch the renovation process on Channel 4's Escape to the Chateau. Dick and Angel not only wanted to build a family home for their two children, Arthur and Dorothy, but they also created a successful wedding business. During one recent episode of Escape to the Chateau, the family showed viewers how they celebrated Christmas in France. The couple invited friends and family to party with them as they marked an end of an era. They also wanted to thank those who had helped them along the way. However, towards the end of the episode, things got too much for Arthur after he broke down in tears. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event The family gathered to watch a stunning fireworks display as they closed another chapter. This would be the last Christmas Dick and Angel filmed for their Channel 4 series. "This is the best day of my life," the youngster beamed as he hugged his mum. As Arthur broke down, Angel comforted him and said: "Oh baby, these are just such happy tears. That was beautiful, wasn't it?" "Look at everyone partying," she continued as Angel reflected: "What a journey it has been and we have done it as a team." "If it wasn't for you two we wouldn't done this," Dick said to his children. Dick and Angel also gave a moving speech about their journey after they enjoyed their Christmas feast. "We are so, so grateful to have everybody here," the designer began. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak  [VIDEO]Emmerdale family torn apart after Matty betrayal [SPOILERS] "Our family, friends, old and new and our wonderful team, we just love you so much." "Not everybody could be with us tonight," Dick chimed in. "And they are being missed, but they are always with us in our hearts and we know that. "We are so grateful that you are here with us because you are now in the glorious situation to be here with you all because we can. "You are very special to us, all of you. Thank you." They want on to point out that they weren't just celebrating Christmas, but also their final chapter. Elsewhere in the episode, Dick and his two sons, Arthur and James, attempted to make the engineer's mum's famous bread sauce. It was a real team effort as the trio got to work in the kitchen following the recipe step by step. "It's like custard and cream mixed together," James joked as he tasted the concoction. "Well done, great Nanny," Dick praised. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.