Prince Harry has claimed the heir to the throne and Princess of Wales, Kate, told him to dress as a Nazi soldier for a 'Native and Colonial' theme party. The Duke of Sussex will alleged in his new memoir 'Spare' that William and Kate "howled with laughter" when they saw his costume. The then-20-year-old royal made it onto front pages after he was photographed with a red armband emblazoned with a big swastika. In the book, Harry writes: "I phoned Willy and Kate, asked what they thought. Nazi uniform, they said. "They both howled. Worse than Willy’s leotard outfit! Way more ridiculous! Which, again, was the point." One senior publishing source who has read the upcoming memoir has since lashed out at the royal for bringing up the scandal. They told Page Six: "It's strange as you would think that Harry would take ownership of this and just move on and not drag his brother into it, but he makes it clear that he feels strongly about William’s role in the scandal." READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed by Bethenny Frankel over latest interview Harry goes on to reportedly claimed he was physically attacked by his brother over the younger prince's marriage to Meghan Markle. In a leaked extract of his highly anticipated autobiography, Spare, to The Guardian newspaper, Prince Harry alleged the confrontation took place at his London home in 2019 and had left him with a visible injury to his back after the Prince of Wales grabbed his brother by the collar and ripped his necklace before knocking him to the floor. Harry further claimed William had called the American actress "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive" - comments which the younger brother said parroted "the press narrative" about his wife. According to The Guardian newspaper, the "extraordinary scene" is "one of many in Spare" which is due to be published on January 10. The newspaper said it was able to obtain a copy of the book despite "stringent pre-launch security around the book". Its article goes on to say that, according to Harry, his elder brother had wanted to discuss "the whole rolling catastrophe" of their relationship and struggles with the press. But when William arrived at Nottingham Cottage - where Harry was then living - in the grounds of Kensington Palace, the Prince of Wales was already "piping hot". "After William complained about Meghan, Harry writes, Harry told him he was repeating the press narrative and that he expected better," The Guardian reports. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'chose to leave in huff' [INSIGHT]Inside the world's most exclusive ski resort for the ultra-wealthy [EXCLUSIVE]When is Prince Harry's interview and how to watch it? [ANALYSIS] "But William, Harry says, was not being rational, leading to the two men shouting over each other. "Harry then accused his brother of acting like an heir, unable to understand why his younger brother was not content to be a spare." Insults were then exchanged between the two men, before William claimed he was trying to help, claims which Harry found incredulous, and informed his brother of such, angering William. So much so, Harry writes, the Prince of Wales swore and stepped forwards, scaring him. He writes: "(William) called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.