An elderly couple face tearing down their garden decking for the second time, after a fight to keep it up was turned down by their local council. The complaint about the decking was originally made by another couple, who objected to the raised decking at the south side semi, claiming it overlooked a neighbouring garden and that “social gatherings” took place on it. The structure was first erected during 2020 as part of a garden makeover at the Madison Avenue property, which included putting in patio doors. However, it was refused permission and an appeal failed. Resident Theresa McInally submitted another plan for a smaller-sized decking area in the back garden and fencing but that was also turned down. An appeal on that decision was once more rejected by councillors this week, reports GlasgowLive. Outlining changes made to the timber platform, Ms McInally’s agent said the size of the deck would see a reduction of 50 per cent and stairs would be moved so they faced eastwards and not towards a neighbouring garden. The agent said: “Given the elderly nature of the applicants, the level of the deck has remained constant as they require to be able to move easily from the family room and the kitchen to the deck with no change in level.” An objection from Mr and Mrs Speirs to the latest plan said the “1.23 metre” height of the decking is“unacceptable because of the overlooking of neighbouring gardens.” Their objection also said the “deck is used to host social gatherings.” Councillors decided to reject the appeal at Tuesday’s Planning Local Review Committee - which means the decking is still not allowed and faces removal.   It was erected without council permission as the residents didn’t know it was needed. Committee chair councillor Ken Andrew, SNP, said: “I don’t think this revised application has really materially changed the original issues with the decking as is currently in situation. I don’t think it has reduced the issue of overlooking as far as I can see.” He added: “I have to say based on what we have in front of us - my view is there are good grounds for refusal of this application.” Councillor Christy Mearns, Scottish Greens, endorsed that view. Reasons set out for refusal include the proposal was not considered to be in accordance with the Development Plan, it is contrary to policies in the plan and “the proposed screening would form an incongruous feature, to the detriment of the visual amenity of the property itself and also neighbouring properties.” 