The right haircut, colour and style can take years off a woman's face - but the wrong ones can age it prematurely. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Akirashanti Byrd, Co-founder and CEO of haircare blog Curl Centric to discover her top anti-ageing hair tips. Akirashanti told Express.co.uk: "When it comes to mature women, hair can be one of the most transformative features in looking younger. "The right cut, style, colour, and length can make a woman look years younger, while the wrong choices can have the opposite effect." Colouring your hair is a great way to revamp your look and take years off instantly. "For mature women, it's best to avoid heavy all-over colour as it can make the hair look flat and lifeless." READ MORE: Leading hair expert shares the style some older women 'can't have'  Instead, highlights are a "great way to add dimension to the hair and make it look fuller and more youthful". Simply put, highlights are pieces of hair lighter than your natural colour. But which shade of highlights will accentuate your features and make you look fresh and vibrant? Akirashanti advised: "Opt for subtle highlights that are just a shade or two lighter than the natural hair colour. "This will add depth and dimension to the hair without looking too drastic." Hair cut is also paramount in determining how old or young a woman's face looks, according to the expert. She stated: "One of the most important things to keep in mind when it comes to anti-aging hair is that less is often more. "Overly complicated styles and heavy layering can add years to a woman's appearance. READ MORE: Stylist shares key question to ask hairdresser before dying grey hair  "A simple, classic bob can be a great choice for mature women. "This timeless style is both elegant and modern, and it can be worn sleek and straight or with loose waves. A bob can also be a great way to add volume to fine, thinning hair." For those a little afraid of the chop and prefer slightly longer styles, Akirashanti recommended the long bob - or "lob". "This style falls just above the shoulders and is a great way to add movement and body to the hair." Not only is it "versatile", able to be worn straight or in loose curls, it's "also a great option for women with fine or thinning hair as it can give the illusion of more volume". An elegant, timeless and no-fuss haircut looks best paired with a simple hairstyle. "When it comes to styles to avoid, it's best to steer clear of overly complicated styles, such as layers upon layers of hair, as they can add years to a woman's appearance. "Similarly, overly tight styles such as tight curls or tight ponytails can also add years to a woman's appearance. These styles can also be damaging to the hair, causing breakage and damage.” Akirashanti Byrd is the Co-founder and CEO of hair care blog Curl Centric.