Writing a book, taking up skiing, and conquering a mountain are among the things on their list, as 53 percent firmly believe “age is just a number”. And becoming fluent in a new language, running a marathon, and finally learning an instrument they've always wanted to play, also feature. Ryan Howsam, founder and CEO at Staysure, which commissioned the survey, said: “We all know being 50 isn’t old, but most of us regard it as one of life’s milestones. “It’s great to see people of this age and older adopting a zest for life, and fulfilling life-long ambitions. “As the research suggests, this is because they now have more time for themselves, and feel ready to take on new challenges.” More than half (52 percent) think it’s important to have aspirations, with three in ten more likely to fulfil these now they are at a later stage in life. Reasons for this include having more spare time (62 percent), retirement (43 percent), and no longer having children who live at home (37 percent). It’s also important for three-quarters (73 percent) to have these ambitions so there is something for them to aim for – while 35 percent are keen to show people that there are no restrictions once you turn the big 5-0. Furthermore, a quarter said their 20s was when they had the most life ambitions – but only 14 percent were able to achieve these during that decade. Since getting older, nearly half (49 percent) have gained a new perspective on things – making them more driven to achieve their ambitions and try new experiences. The OnePoll study also found a third are considered by others as someone who embraces life and is not afraid to do something new. Encouragingly, 71 percent still consider themselves “young” – with 82 percent of those who agreed with this statement aged 75 or older. And it emerged 66 percent of all those over 50 believe you are only as old as you feel. More than three in ten (31 percent) now find themselves feeling less bored compared to when they were younger, with two-thirds (67 percent) confident that time is still on their side to fulfil life-long goals. Interestingly, when it comes to winter sports holidays, nearly a fifth (19 percent) believe there is no age limit when taking up such activities, with a tenth feeling liberated when they get on a pair of skis. Due to these findings, and with ski season now in full flow, Staysure has decided to trial a ski school for the over-50s, to promote its “no upper age limit” winter sports cover. It champions skiers of every age, and equips them with all the skills and advice they need before hitting the slopes and embarking on a winter sports holiday. Ryan Howsam added: “We hope our brand-new ski school demonstrates that age should never limit one’s sense of adventure, and you are never too old to try new things. “Age shouldn’t stop anyone from enjoying something they’re passionate about, or block them from trying out new things.”