James Martin's Saturday Morning on ITV welcomed veteran chef Brian Turner to the show as he rustled up a "cheap and economical" lamb dish. Brian, 76, suffered a stroke last summer and although he has recovered well, he wanted to address his occasional stammer. After James introduced Brian to the show, he discussed the dish he was going to make. He said: "Neck end of lamb so it's economical, it's got lots of vegetables for the kids to eat. It's nutritious and as I say, it's cheap." Before they got started, James said Brian wanted to say a thank you to some heroes as he had "not been very well recently". Addressing the camera, Brian said: "Unfortunately I had a stroke in June last year and the people at the London hospital were fantastic. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling "So excuse me if I make a stammer occasionally, we will catch up at the end." James smiled in awe of his courageous friend, referring to the chef as a "great friend" on Twitter. The host applauded all of those who have looked after Brian. Viewers took to Twitter after the heartfelt moment to wish Brian well in his recovery.  @philm2244 wrote: "Wishing Brian Turner all the best. I've watched Brian for years. A brilliant, honest chef. #JamesMartin" @BarodySarah said: "#jamesmartin #brianturner 2 great chefs, always had a lovely bond when James hugged him, think there's something in my eye. Brian you were ace x" @dinglyd added: "@jamesmartinchef garjus man. So sweet to see him looking out for Brian Turner." [Sic] The British chef, writer and TV personality appeared as a cook on BBC2's Ready Steady Cook from 1994.  DON'T MISS... James Martins warns to 'never put eggs in the fridge' for key reasonJames Martin opens up on not having kids because of his careerDan Walker leaves James Martin gobsmacked after cooking admission He has since appeared on numerous occasions on Saturday Kitchen and has presented other cookery programmes. James described Brian as his 'TV dad', and said after the star's admission: "It's OK, it's OK. I love you fella. "So a round of applause for everyone who's been looking after you. It's a pleasure to have you back, you're welcome anytime." Another fan wrote on Twitter: "Was lovely to see Brian Turner on today. Had no idea he'd been ill. "Thoughts with him and his family, but what a guy still out there doing what he loves. Culinary legend and a good bloke." Another said: "Nice piece on @jamesmartinchef this morning where we saw the return of Brian Turner who has been recuperating from a stroke. "Lovely TV and proper food brought to life by Brian with empathy from James. I may have some dust in my eye…" James Martin's Saturday Morning airs on ITV on Saturdays at 9.30am. 