Barcelona star Memphis Depay’s agents pushed for talks with Manchester United back in the summer with the aim of a potential return, according to reports. The Red Devils are now being linked with their former No 7 at a time where they’re hunting a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. And the 28-year-old is one potential option for Erik ten Hag as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Manchester United cut Ronaldo loose at the tail end of last year, with the veteran axed following his decision to give a controversial interview to Piers Morgan. But while the Red Devils have been flying of late, winning all four of their matches since the World Cup in Qatar, they know they’re short up top as they look to finish the season strongly. One player who keeps being linked with United is Depay, who previously spent 18 months at Old Trafford earlier in his career. And, according to The Athletic, the 28-year-old has already tried to broker a possible return at a time where he is poised to ‘come under consideration’. It’s said United held talks with Depay’s entourage about a possible move back in the summer, though they were instigated by the Dutchman himself. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big So, with that being the case, it seems as though the Barcelona star is open to a return to M16 six years on from his departure. United want a new striker this winter but are relying on the loan market, with Joel Glazer unwilling to release funds while the club is on the market. The report does add any sale of the Red Devils ‘could yet change the dynamic’, but noise regarding a takeover has ‘gone quiet’ at the current moment in time. Depay would be a good short-term solution for United, having rebuilt his career in the years since being shown the door by Jose Mourinho. He impressed during his time at Lyon, even becoming club captain towards the end of his period in Ligue 1. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Depay scored 13 goals across all competitions for Barcelona last season, establishing himself as their joint-top goalscorer along with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. United had high hopes for the forward then they signed him from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager. He initially hit the ground running, bagging a memorable brace as the Red Devils beat Club Brugge 2-0 in a Champions League qualifier. Depay then struggled to be consistent, however, much to Van Gaal’s display and he was left out of the squad for the 2016 FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace. He hoped things would be different for him following the appointment of Mourinho, who arrived that same year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet after failing to get a chance, he was flogged to Lyon with the Red Devils deeming him surplus to requirements after just 18 months in English football. Depay has since healed his relationship with Van Gaal and worked alongside the 71-year-old recently at the World Cup in Qatar. And Van Gaal joked about his compatriot in the Middle East when discussing criticism from former United star Angel Di Maria, who had branded him as the ‘worst coach of his career’. “I am very sorry that Angel Di María once said that I am the worst coach he has ever had,” he said. “Here next to me sits Memphis [Depay]. He was also at Manchester [United]. And now we kiss on the mouth.” When Depay protested, he then added: “We’re not going to do that. But that’s how it goes in football. “People are laughing now, but I also passed Memphis for the [FA Cup] final. That’s not fun, but believe me: a trainer doesn’t do that without a reason. “Maybe it was the wrong decision. Look how we treat each other now. He doesn’t want a kiss on the mouth, a pity, but also nice.”