Coronation Street's Nick Tilsley (played by Ben Price) is set to be left horrified when he learns exactly what sort of person Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths) really is. ITV soap spoilers have revealed Nick will soon be put in a difficult position and have a crucial decision to make.  In upcoming scenes, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) is left reeling when Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) fails to turn up to work. When Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) shares how Jacob has gone and they broke up because he is dealing drugs again, Leanne is understandably furious. Meanwhile, Simon Barlow (Alexander Bain) reckons Amy has had a lucky escape from the youngster. When Carla Connor (Alison King) finds out Jacob is drug dealing again - after being told by Leanne - she's surprised and dismayed in equal measure. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger Later on, Damon suggests to Nick and Leanne they should all come up with new suggestions to improve the business. Leanne is won over by Damon's suggestion, but Nick is very wary about it all. When Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) reveals that according to his mate in Ibiza, Damon is a known drug dealer Nick’s worried sick. Nick is also told Damon once put a rival club owner in hospital, which terrifies him even more.  Nick summons the courage to confront Damon and insists he will not allow drugs of any kind in the Bistro. Damon Damon spells out that he’s got no choice unless he wants Leanne to find out where the money came from. What will Nick decide to do following his conversation with Damon? Coronation Street executive producer Iain MacLeod recently hinted Damon will be sticking around in Weatherfield. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Jacob Hay issues emotional tribute after exit [UPDATE]Coronation Street history to repeat itself as Summer Spellman dies  [THEORY]Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by Stephen  [THEORY] He told Express.co.uk and other media: "As the year goes on, Damon has a magnetic attraction for a notable high-profile female character, who ends up having her head turned." He noted the relationship will have "far-reaching consequences". Iain added: "We're currently working on June storylines. "There's a build-up and a colossal explosion in that story, involving Damon and this love story that will be on air then."  Jacob departed the cobbles in a taxi after breaking Amy's heart and the actor who plays him, Jack, penned a message to fans on social media. The actor tweeted: "That's all folks! Jacob Hay over and out. "I can't believe a two-month job on the cobbles turned into a two-year Weatherfield residency. "Getting to work on a show I was brought up on and to follow in the footsteps of true legends has been an absolute privilege." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 