Chelsea transfer target Declan Rice would prefer to stay in London if he leaves West Ham next summer, according to reports. Rice could be set to depart the Hammers, with several top Premier League clubs courting his signature. The Blues are apparently prioritising a deal for the England star. Rice has publicly declared that he wants to play in the Champions League, and that looks unlikely to happen with floundering West Ham. Indeed, Chelsea might not qualify for the elite European competition this season. Sunday’s underwhelming draw with Nottingham Forest leaves the west Londoners ninth and with just one win in their last eight Premier League games. However, Rice is looking at the bigger picture and knows Chelsea will play in the Champions League more often than not. Arsenal and Liverpool could also come into the equation. JUST IN: Chelsea 'very close' to £120m Enzo Fernandez deal after breakthrough According to CBS Sports journalists Ben Jacobs, the 23-year-old would prefer to stay in London. That could rule out a move to Liverpool or Manchester United, who have also been linked. But that is not a deal-breaker for the World Cup sensation. A return to Chelsea looks the most likely though, with Rice having been enrolled in the club’s academy until the age of 14. While at the World Cup, Rice made clear his desire to compete for the biggest trophies. With the Hammers above the relegation zone by only goal difference, a transfer to one of the Premier League’s Big Six seems the likely outcome. Asked about his future, the Kingston-born ace told journalists: “One hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League. For the last two or three years I’ve been saying that. DON'T MISS...Chelsea have 4 cheaper alternatives to Fernandez, Rice and BellinghamNewcastle have Chelsea target and Liverpool option on shortlistChelsea believe Liverpool 'in pole position' for Jude Bellingham deal “I’ve been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. I see my friends here who are playing Champions League and for big trophies. “You only get one career and at the end you want to look back at what you’ve won and the biggest games you’ve played in.” Rice, made West Ham captain last summer, has just 18 months on his deal, although his club are believed to have an option to extend by a year. Under-pressure boss David Moyes has previously said that his prized asset would not be sold for less than £100m. That could stump Chelsea, who are set to pay around £110m for Benfica starlet Enzo Fernandez. The Blues are apparently structuring their deal over three years to avoid punishment for a Financial Fair Play breach.