Prime Video’s thrilling new drama stars Schitt’s Creek star Emily Hampshire and Line of Duty’s Martin Compston as oil rig workers who are cut off from the outside world by a mysterious fog. Their co-star Mark Bonnar revealed he was pushed to the limit during filming of The Rig when he spoke to Lorraine Kelly on ITV this week. Mark claimed he was “pre-hypothermic” after being covered head-to-toe in water for a challenging stunt on the set of The Rig. Thankfully, a stunt performer was in place to film most of the action, though Mark’s character Alwyn Evans still needed to be drenched for the remainder of the scene. “I was actually pre-hypothermic at one point,” he told Lorraine. “When we were doing our stunt at the end of episode two.” In the second instalment of the six-part drama, the crew is offered some salvation by the arrival of the rig’s Stand-By Vessel. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash However, their crewmate Baz (played by Calvin Demba) has undergone a sinister change and confronts him about an approaching wave. As the rest of the team prepare to collide with what they now realise isn’t their rescue ship, Baz strangles Alwyn, who begins to regurgitate water and mysteriously drowns. “I had to get covered in water,” Mark recalled. “The stuntman did the stunt, thankfully. “But, post-stunt, they had to cover me in buckets of… it was lukewarm water, but by the time they finished the take it was freezing!” Mark was luckily surrounded by The Rig’s attentive production crew who ensured he and his co-stars remained safe during the tricky shoot at all times. He continued: “The nurse, Pam, was rushing down, taking my temperature every 10 minutes.” “Jeez!” Lorraine exclaimed as Mark recalled: “At one point she went, ‘Right, we’re whisking you upstairs’.” “‘That’s enough now, thank you very much!’” Lorraine quipped. DON'T MISS:Tulsa King star ‘wasn’t prepared’ for huge finale twist [INTERVIEW]Outlander stars ‘cheated’ to film iconic Claire and Jamie scene [INSIGHT]The Witcher creator ‘surprised’ by Michelle Yeoh on Blood Origin [EXCLUSIVE] Mark went on to joke he was covered in tin foil to recover, although Alwyn sadly didn’t make it out of the episode alive. In part three, the crew is left stunned by Alwyn’s sudden departure while Baz spirals even further out of control. All six episodes of The Rig were released in one go, so viewers don’t have to wait to unlock the secrets behind the horrors plaguing the Kinloch Bravo crew. The series is directed by John Strickland, who reunited with Line of Duty star Martin Compston. Prime Video’s action-packed thriller features even more nail-biting moments, which presented plenty of challenges for the cast and crew. “I got set on fire! That was a really interesting day,” Martin told BT TV. “Stunt people are incredible, they’re there to protect us, but when it’s big stunts, as soon as you cut to that wide shot, you go, ‘Oh, it’s not the actor anymore.' “And I think you lose a bit of that jeopardy because they’re not going through it. So I think it adds something. It went a little bit awry. It was toasty.” The Rig is available to stream on Prime Video.