Jeremy Clarkson, 62, claimed his local Oxfordshire council banned him from selling his book Diddly Squat: A Year On The Farm, arguing that it isn't produced locally. Jeremy, on the other hand, has hit back that he wrote it at his kitchen table. The former Top Gear host had been keen to flog copies of the book, which details his journey starting a farm from scratch, with no previous experience, onsite. However, he was apparently given a firm "no" to the proposal. Yet Jeremy insisted that he wrote it on the premises of the farm itself, exclaiming: "You can't get more local than that!" "I cannot understand why the council doesn't want me to sell my farming books in the shop," the frustrated star elaborated. READ NOW: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row "They claim they weren't made locally but I wrote them at my kitchen table." He added to the Daily Mail: "It would be helpful if we could sell a few T-shirts too." A spokesman for West Oxfordshire District Council has claimed he is unaware of any enforcement action preventing him from carrying out his plan. However, he reasoned: "A farm shop is for the sale of local produce. If he's selling books that's a different thing in planning terms." Meanwhile, Jeremy - who claimed in a now deleted column on The Sun's website that he wanted to see Prince Harry's wife Meghan Markle pelted with excrement while being paraded naked through the streets - seems to have landed in hot water with Harry himself. The prince singled out his column during an ITV interview promoting his own recently released book, Spare. "What [Jeremy] said was horrific and is hurtful and cruel towards my wife," he stated. Harry added: "It also encourages other people around the UK and around the world, men particularly, to go and think that it's acceptable to treat women that way." DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [TRIBUTE] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [LATEST] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [PHOTOS]  He demanded "accountability", pointing to Queen Consort Camilla's recent declaration that there is currently "a pandemic of violence against women". In the same interview, Harry claimed he had not accused the Royal Family of racism, but of "unconscious bias". He added that if lessons were not learned, then he believed unconscious bias would move "into the category of racism". Meanwhile, Harry's book is flying off the shelves, becoming an instant bestseller. Managing director of Penguin Random House Larry Finlay has stated: "We always knew this book would fly but [now] it is exceeding even our most bullish expectations. "As far as we know, the only books to have sold more in their first day are those starring the other Harry [Potter]." Jeremy's own book also became a bestseller on release, quickly exceeding the one million sales mark in paperback by the summer of 2021. On the Performance People Podcast, he discussed the prospect of his Clarkson's Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper's title overtaking him. However, he says he doesn't mind if The World According To Kaleb sails past him in the charts, as he claims his "young apprentice" needs the money more.