Furious MPs and commentators are enraged as speculation mounts that Tony Blair could be taking over from Klaus Schwab as head of the World Economic Forum. There has been increasing speculation over who may be taking over the role as many expressed discontent over Mr Schwab's role in the WEF. In response to the possibility of Mr Blair's appointment, Tory MP Lee Anderson urged the WEF to "distance themselves" from Mr Blair if it wants to retain "any sort of credibility". He told the Daily Express: "Tony Blair was responsible for the state of Britain's economy in 2010 and even admitted his government failed to understand the complexity of the financial sector or foresee that it was on the brink of crisis. "He also dragged us into a pointless war that cost 179 British lives on the battlefield so this man needs to disappear quietly to a place where he has no influence at all. "If the WEF wants to have any sort of credibility they will distance themselves from this out-of-touch political has been." Meanwhile, Nigel Farage joked that Mr Blair would be "perfect" for the role, explaining: "He'd be absolutely ideal. He would join an organisation whose credibility has diminished quite significantly." He continued: "He'd be among his friends - the giant multinationals. "With not a hint of democracy, lots of hypocrisy. I think he's the right man. "It's in trouble already because of what it stands for, but I think somebody who is such an advocate of big government, of prolonged wars and somebody who really frankly acts as if he is a different class of human being."  Conservative MP Marco Longhi also criticised the possible appointment, telling the Daily Express: "Personally I'd do away with the WEF altogether, it is an elitist gathering of billionaires who are completely removed from the lives of ordinary people. "So if at the same time we can do away with the person who took us into an illegal war based on evidence he trumped up secure a vote in Parliament, who opened up our borders to unlimited immigration and signed us up to his human rights agenda, who is responsible for altering the fabric of our communities - then yes please!" Speculation about Mr Schwab’s future intensified after mounting discontent over his leadership of the forum. A group of current and former WEF staff members told the Guardian the 82-year-old is "completely unaccountable" and had surrounded himself with “nobodies” who were incapable of running the organisation he founded in the early 1970s. DON'T MISS: VDL vows 'robust response' to 'unfair trade' in veiled threat to UK [REVEAL] Keegan mocks unions as most teachers did not back strikes [REPORT] Gary Lineker calls for politicians to be paid even more [INSIGHT] The group said: "Klaus has been at the helm of the WEF for 52 years. When he was born [in 1938] 122 of the 195 states in the world right now did not even exist. "He is completely unaccountable to anyone inside and outside the organisation." While there has been no official comment on whether or not Mr Shwab will leave the role - or who would replace him - Mr Blair is one of the leading international figures who has been linked with the role. A WEF spokesperson told the Guardian: "The board of trustees decides any future institutional leadership appointments. "The forum has a strong institutional governance structure in place to ensure its continued ability to fully support its mission."