Millions of state pensioners over the age of 66 could be missing out on up to £5,000 a year in Attendance Allowance, which could see them more than £400 a month better off. While £15billion is lost in unclaimed Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits every year in the UK, Attendance Allowance is the most underclaimed with 3.4 million people missing out. A benefits expert is urging people to do a benefits check to see if they could be owed extra money as figures show millions of people are missing out on DWP benefits. At the same time, more than two million pensioners are living in poverty in the UK, according to a report published by the Centre for Ageing Better. Attendance Allowance is a weekly benefit helping people who are over state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. Benefits expert Paul Brennan said: “Attendance Allowance is a weekly benefit that is paid to people aged over pensionable age that helps those who have difficulty with their bodily functions, and who need support or supervision to avoid danger to themselves or others." 10 freebies you can claim in February if you qualify for PIP  He added: "Currently, this benefit is worth up to £92.40, paid weekly - but this is due to increase to £101.75 in April of this year, adding up to around £5,000 a year." While there is no specific condition that guarantees financial support, conditions which require help or supervision with eating, getting dressed, or bathing could make someone eligible. This could include depression, arthritis, loss of vision, back pain, and dementia but applicants don't need to have a carer to qualify. The benefits expert confirmed there is no limit to what people can spend this money on, allowing people to put it towards whatever may help now, or in the future. DON'T MISS:500,000 people set to miss out on 10.1% state pension boostOlder pensioners set to get £2,500 less despite triple lock riseUnpaid carers could get extra £169 a month outside Carer's Allowance  Some people choose to use the money to install a stairlift, purchase mobility equipment or pay for a cleaner. Before contacting the DWP, claimants should make sure they have their contact details, date of birth and National Insurance number to hand. Applicants may also need their bank or building society account number and sort code, doctor or health worker’s name, address and telephone number and dates and addresses for any time spent abroad or in a care home or hospital. Some pensioners have told Express.co.uk they struggle with the application process which they say is unnecessarily complicated leading to charities like Age UK providing useful advice on how to apply.   56 health conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance including  Who is eligible for Attendance Allowance? 