Nina Warhurst interviewed Emily Atack on BBC Breakfast about her experience of receiving "sexually violent threats" on social media. The former then hit back defiantly at one Twitter user who suggested the star had brought on the problem herself. Attaching a clip from the interview in a Twitter story, she lamented: "What struck me about this is that Emily (like lots of us) had in part blamed herself. "Too much cleavage? Too open about her sex life? She's ready to say no - harassment is harassment and it's unlawful." However one follower dismissively tweeted: "Well lets be honest, she has built her career on acting like this - how do you expect young lads to react?" Nina quickly hit back: "Within the law. There’s a start." READ NOW: Ulrika Jonsson battles Davina McCall over middle aged Love Island   A stream of Twitter users also rushed to Emily's defence, horrified to learn that she had been flooded with pornographic images and violent threats during the pandemic. @jarvo1912 echoed: "Absolutely ZERO excuse for the abuse she’s suffered!! And as for your comment, that makes you part of the problem…" @brian_lewis67 chimed in: "There is never any reason to abuse and harass a person in a sexual manner. Absolute lowlife!" Meanwhile, @Nireus added: "I’d expect them to act like young lads with sisters, mothers, aunties, grandmas!" Emily has produced a documentary for BBC Two called Emily Atack: Asking For It? and had appeared on the breakfast show to explain her reason for taking that step. She revealed she was "fascinated by how huge the problem is", after she connected with other Instagram users who said they'd received the same type of messages. The 33-year-old, who hails from Luton - the same city where Andrew Tate grew up - recently revealed she was "terrified" of the influencer after coming across derogatory comments about women in some of his online videos. She constantly fears she'll be raped or murdered after receiving a string of menacing comments. Emily has even been advised by past managers to dye her looks brown so she'll be taken "more seriously". However, she has insisted she will only change how she actrs on her own terms. "'Feeling sexy to me has become something I've relied on – it's my little support blanket," she previously told The Daily Star. Having gone through puberty earlier than many of her peers, she says she used her developing figure to her "advantage" in terms of "owning who I was". She said she likes to celebrate her body, as she is "proud" of it. Emily revealed: "Every morning when I wake up, I see a man's penis I haven't asked to see!" She is now keen to raise awareness of the problem in the hope of "catching" men who harass before they go further. Despite explaining she has questioned in the past whether she is responsible for the tone of men's comments, she is adamant that it is something no women should have to experience, for any reason. Emily Atack: Asking For It? airs tomorrow at 9pm on BBC Two.