Death in Paradise season 12 is now at its midpoint, airing its fourth instalment on Friday, January 27, on BBC One. This time, the story will take fans to DS Naomi Thomas' (played by Shantol Jackson) old home of Saint Barnabas where someone she knows is murdered. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the guest stars of Death in Paradise season 12, episode four. Naomi's best friend Monique is getting married and so she returns to Saint Barnabas for her wedding. Gia Re, who plays Monique in the comedy-drama, is described as a singer, songwriter, actress and model on her Instagram page. She has only had minor roles so far in her acting career, featuring in Jinx, Which is Witch and an episode of Doctor Who in 2020. Monique is walking down the aisle to marry her true love Ty Edgars who seems to be in awe of his wife-to-be. But could Ty be hiding something from Monique and if so, could it be linked to the show's murder? Actor Gamba Cole is best known for playing Christian Taylor in Stephant Merchant's The Outlaws on BBC One. READ MORE: Joanna Gosling fights tears as she signs off BBC News Sammy is Naomi's former Sergeant and mentor who is eager to help her and the rest of the team to investigate the murder. He takes a trip down memory lane with his former employee, showing just how far she has come. Actor Patrice Naiambana is remembered for his theatre work, having directed shows like The Accused, Swarte Piet Speaks, Gravediggers, The Sacrifice and Chapeltown Blues. In terms of his onscreen projects, Naiambana has been in The Effect, Inside No.9, The Baby, House of the Dragon and Andor, just to name a few. Monique and Ty are about to get married when in walks her estranged mum Odette Hays. She hasn't been seen for years which quickly gets everyone wondering why Odette has decided to show up when she has no relationship with Monique. Actress Nicola Alexis is best known for playing WPC Ruby Buxton in the long-running ITV police drama The Bill. Since then, she has had some minor roles in EastEnders, Fleabag, The Girl Before, DI Ray and Casualty. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [ROYAL]Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [SPOILER]Death in Paradise promotion ‘sealed’ for Marlon after Tahj Miles hint [TEASER] Rex Hays is Monique's dad who isn't happy when Odette shows up to the wedding uninvited. Curtis Walker is an actor, writer and stand-up comedian who was in BBC comedy Paramount City, CBBC series Kerching! and The Real McCoy. Most recently, Walker was behind Peter in the mini-series Keep Calm and Carry On. Another claim to fame is that he was the pre-show warm-up act for the London 2021 Olympics opening ceremony. The synopsis for episode four reads: "In Saint Barnabas, Naomi attends the wedding of her best friend Monique. "However, the jollyness of the day comes to an abrupt halt when Rex, the estranged husband of Monique's mother Odette, is fatally stabbed. "Knowing the case requires full investigation, Naomi calls the team for help. "Meanwhile, Marlon tries to prepare for his sergeant exams but is easily distracted." Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.