Playing for the Young Hoops Under 12s team, Aiden collapsed onto the pitch while his dad, Rod, watched on from the sidelines. "We thought my boy had a heart attack," Rod told FourFourTwo football magazine. "He was going blue and was unconscious until he calmed down. It was scary, but it turned out to be a panic attack." Panic attacks The mental health charity Mind explains a panic attack is "an exaggeration of your body's normal response to danger, stress, or excitement". Physical sensations of a panic attack can include: People experiencing a panic attack may feel as though they are losing control, or that they are going to faint or die. READ MORE: ‘Almost everyone with advanced cancer’ reports the same ‘unbearable’ symptom - warning Most panic attacks last between five to 20 minutes and while they can be frightening, there are things you can do to help calm yourself down. Mind says: "Focus on your breathing. It can help to concentrate on breathing slowly in and out while counting to five." Some people might benefit from stamping on the spot to help control their breathing. Another technique to manage a panic attack is to avert your attention to your other senses.  For example, a person experiencing a panic attack might benefit from touching or cuddling something soft, or tasting a mint-flavoured sweet. A person might only encounter one panic attack during their lifetime. Others, however, could have multiple panic attacks at unpredictable moments. People who fall into the latter category would benefit booking an appointment with their doctor. READ MORE: Looking 'pale, grey and sweaty' could signal a looming heart attack While a panic attack can feel akin to a heart attack, especially as it has similar symptoms, the condition is caused by a blockage of blood flow to the heart. The leading cause of a heart attack is coronary heart disease, which is caused by: When a heart attack is suspected, the go-to step is to call 999 for an ambulance. In December 2022, when Rod's son collapsed, this is exactly what happened, as an ambulance was called to attend to Aiden. Father-of-eight Rod has had a tough time of late, as both his brothers –Don and Bob – died last year. Rod told his followers: "I’ve lost two of my best mates... RIP Don and Bob ‘irreplaceable buddies’." Then his other son, Sean, was rushed to hospital after a terrifying road collision. Rod Stewart at the BBC Two is on Saturday, January 7 at 8pm.