Arsenal have been warned by ex-Scotland striker Ally McCoist that they will be making a huge transfer mistake if they sign Jorginho from Chelsea on transfer deadline day. The Gunners have reportedly had a £12million offer for the ace accepted as boss Mikel Arteta looks to bolster his midfield ahead of his team’s push to win the Premier League title. “I don’t see it as a great move,” McCoist told talkSPORT on Tuesday. “And I’ll just give you my reasoning for it. Nothing to do financially. Nothing to do with the finances. I actually think Chelsea are getting the better deal, I really do. “I think he changes the way Arsenal play, I really do in that midfield, which is high-energy. [Thomas] Partey, [Martin] Odegaard and [Granit] Xhaka have been excellent. Don’t get me wrong, talented, yes - top quality. But I just think he plays the game at a different pace than Arsenal want to play at right now.” Arsenal have stormed to the top of the Premier League table after winning 16 of their 19 matches this campaign. The Gunners have played free-flowing attacking football, with Odegaard providing the creativity to unleash the likes of Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka. And the addition of Jorginho would give Arteta another option should Partey or Xhaka suffer an injury throughout the second half of the season. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline    Jorginho has spent the last four-and-a-half years at Chelsea after joining the club from Napoli in 2018. The Italy international, who helped his country win Euro 2020 back in the summer of 2021, has held down a regular starting place at Stamford Bridge under a succession of managers and has started 15 Premier League matches this season. The ace has won the Champions League, the Europa League and the Club World Cup during his time in west London. But a move across the capital could provide the player with his best opportunity to win the Premier League.    Arsenal are currently five points above second-place Manchester City and have one game in hand on the current champions with half of their season remaining. Arsenal and City met at the Etihad Stadium in the fourth round of the FA Cup last Friday, with the Citizens coming out on top by securing a 1-0 victory. The two teams still have to play each other twice in the league before the end of the season. And Jorginho could yet find himself playing an important role in the title race. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute 