The television presenter returned with her Channel 5 series about all things Cornwall last week, and this Wednesday saw the second part of her adventures. In the episode, Fern travelled more inland in the county and explored landmarks as well as legendary myths surrounding the idyllic countryside. However, some viewers weren't happy that the Londoner had taken ownership of Cornwall, with a few viewers fuming: "Cornwall is not yours".  The instalment saw Fern exploring West Wivelshire and Powdershire between the rivers of the Fowey and the Fal. She explored the settings that once inspired an array of writers and artists, and visited some historic sights. During the opening scenes of the episode, Fern smiled: "This is my Cornwall." In one scene, Fern visited the mysterious Roche Rock, a sight steeped in history and myth. "Where I'm headed hasn't changed since millennia," she stated as she drove through rolling hills to arrive at the stunning natural formation. Fern explained: "This is Roche Rock, upon which sits a tumbled-down chapel woven with history. And on the top of it, there is a chapel of sorts." READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event Historian Elizabeth Dale joined Fern to explain more about the popular attraction. "So it's an absolutely incredible geological formation that's got this bonkers mediaeval chapel sitting on the top of it," she detailed. "When was that built?" Fern asked, to which Elizabeth replied: "So the chapel that you see right now was built in 1409, but there's this idea that there was a much older sort of hermit style there before, which was lived in by this monk called Ogryn. "And he's involved in all kinds of myths and legends." Fern wondered: "When did it appear and what is it exactly?" "So it's a geological rock formation that was formed I think about 270 million years ago," the expert explained. "It's made from Black Tourmaline, which is an igneous rock and it's been attracting people for obviously 1000s of years because why wouldn't you? "When you see that you're going to want to come and have a look at it." Despite Fern's keen interest in Cornwall's rich history and culture and the fact that she now resides there, some viewers took issue with the 65-year-old referring to it as "my Cornwall". The author and TV star was born and grew up in Ealing, West London, but said she had loved Cornwall since she was very young. Several took to social media to express their outrage, with many pointing out Fern wasn't born there. Twitter user @greenpaulineuk wrote: "#mycornwall I think you should be doing #myealing? #fernbritton Never presume it’s your Cornwall - it’s not - thanks." (sic) @mr_chown penned: "Fern Britton doing My Cornwall excuse me love you’re from London. #mycornwall." DON'T MISS... EastEnders fans in tears over 'heartbreaking' Zack Hudson twist [SPOILER]Prince Harry's sex life confession in memoir stuns TV hosts [VIDEO]Death in Paradise teases exit for Neville Parker over Sophie romance [LATEST]   Ron_ejuleff added: "Why does #FernBritton calling #Cornwall “My Cornwall” grind my gears so much. #channel5." (sic) However, others rushed to applaud the series and Fern's passion for the county. @SteveM962 shared: "I've only been to Cornwall a few times so don't know it that well but there's no one better to show us what this beautiful county has than @Fern_Britton. What a delightful programme. #mycornwall #Channel5." @DareToBeHappier posted: "My Cornwall with Fern Britton is just what you need for a winter night. "I also know considerably know more about Cornwall than I did, including the Hundreds #MyCornwall." My Cornwall continues on Wednesday at 8pm on Channel 5. 