Nadhim Zahawi faces fresh questions over his tax affairs after he was accused of paying a penalty as part of a multi-million pound settlement with HMRC. The Tory party chairman, who attends Rishi Sunak's Cabinet, has been under pressure since it was reported that he paid a seven-figure sum to end a dispute. The Guardian has now reported that he paid a 30 percent penalty, taking the estimated total to more than £4.8 million. Both Mr Zahawi's team and the Conservative Party were contacted about the latest allegation. Neither have responded to rebut the report. Labour has called on the Prime Minister to sack Mr Zahawi over the latest report, calling his position "untenable". Tax lawyer Dan Neidle has been working to expose the minister's tax affairs and has estimated that he owed £3.7 million.  Interest could be due on top of the reported 30 percent penalty, taking the possible total to in excess of £4.8 million. Mr Neidle, of the Tax Policy Associates think tank, said "you don't pay a 30 percent penalty if your tax affairs are in order". He said: "You do it, at best, if you've been careless if you haven't paid tax that's due." The lawyer said the chances Mr Zahawi had paid a penalty were "almost inevitable" after the Sun on Sunday reported that he had settled a seven-figure sum with HMRC. Asked about the level of the reported penalty, Mr Neidle said: "It probably means that at least he didn't admit to deliberate behaviour, it probably means he admitted to carelessness." The government website says a penalty of between 0 and 30 percent is due if it arises because of a lack of reasonable care. A deliberate error can incur a penalty of between 20 and 70 percent. The Conservative MP allegedly avoided tax by using an offshore company registered in Gibraltar to hold shares in the polling company YouGov which he co-founded. YouGov's 2009 annual report showed a more than 10 percent shareholding by the Gibraltar-registered Balshore Investments Ltd. The report described the company as the "family trust of Nadhim Zahawi", then an executive director of the polling firm. Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner said: "Rishi Sunak promised a Government of integrity, professionalism, and accountability but instead he's propping up a motley crew of scandal-ridden ministers.  "Nadhim Zahawi's story doesn't add up. The position of the man who was until recently in charge of the UK's tax system and who this Prime Minister appointed Conservative Party chair is now untenable. "It's time for Rishi Sunak to put his money where his mouth is and dismiss Nadhim Zahawi from his Cabinet."  A spokesman for Mr Zahawi has previously said his taxes are "properly declared and paid in the UK" and the minister "has never had to instruct any lawyers to deal with HMRC on his behalf". Mr Sunak has defended his ally, telling Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday that Mr Zahawi "has already addressed this matter in full and there's nothing more that I can add". The Prime Minister's press secretary said Mr Zahawi "has spoken and been transparent with HMRC". On whether Mr Sunak believes the matter is now closed, she said: "I don't know whether the Prime Minister has reviewed it in full, but I do know that he takes Nadhim Zahawi at his word." 