Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk have reportedly come to an agreement on the fee for Mykhaylo Mudryk with talks now entering the 'final stage'. The Gunners have focused their full attention this month on securing the signature of Mudryk. The Ukraine international is seen as the missing piece to Mikel Arteta's attacking options. The Gunners had previously been reluctant to meet Shakhtar's demands with the Ukrainian side looking for a fee in the region of £88million. Arsenal's second bid was said to be worth £62m, but Shakhtar instantly rejected the offer. Antony's move to Manchester United was seen as the benchmark for Shakhtar after the Red Devils paid £80m for the Brazilian. And Arsenal seem to have relented to Shakhtar's demands in recent talks as Italian journalist Rudy Galetti claims a 'fee has now been agreed' between the two teams. It's said that the overall fee will amount to around £80m, although it's indicated that some of that will be through add-ons. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Talks are said to be at the 'final stage', indicating the deal could be done and dusted in the coming days. Arteta has made it clear over the past few weeks that he wants reinforcements in attack this month. Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka have been in brilliant form for the Gunners this season, but Arteta has had to be over-reliant on the pair. They've started every Premier League game for the Gunners so far this season and Gabriel Jesus' injury has similarly left Arteta short of options through the middle.  Emile Smith Rowe's return from injury gives the Arsenal boss another option, but Mudryk's potential arrival will bolster his attack even further. Arteta said this week: "The problem is that we have only one striker and to cope for that many months until Gabby (Jesus) is back is not easy. But we have to get the most out of the players that we have at the moment. If we can have some reinforcements, great." Mudryk has been in brilliant form for Shakhtar this season, scoring 10 goals and providing eight assists in all competitions. But it's in the Champions League where the winger garnered plenty of attention with impressive displays against RB Leipzig and Celtic.