Kate, Princess of Wales, stepped out at Henry Fawcett Children’s Centre in London on March 12, 2019 wearing a gorgeous purple blouse. She wore it again on November 28, 2020 when she delivered a Q&A on Early Years. However, the royal is said to have been wearing it back to front. Kate is certainly a style icon, and is never afraid to experiment with trends - while still adhering to royal protocol, of course. Stepping out at Henry Fawcett Children’s Centre, the royal wowed in a purple pussy-bow blouse. This was long sleeved with a high collar and a long trail of buttons down the front, although this may not be how it was meant to be worn. The garment is sadly sold out, but a number of retailers described the garment as having buttons down the back. READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend  Indeed, Nordstrom described the product as follows: "A blousy bow graces the demure neckline of a decidedly feminine silk blouse designed with a row of dainty covered buttons inching down the back." On the website, the blouse is pictured with the buttons on the opposite side to the pussy-bow. According to Harpers Bazaar, Net-a-Porter stated that the blouse features "fabric-covered buttons that run down the back". Kate paired the look with some wide-legged, high-waisted black trousers, belted at the waist to accentuate her figure. She wore a classic pair of pointed toe suede shoes, also in black. As for accessories, Kate went for a pastel pink purse, complete with a gold buckle and petite handle. Jewellery was kept to a minimum, with Kate's show stopping Ceylon sapphire engagement ring stealing the show. The Princess also went for some dainty silver pendant earrings. READ MORE: Beatrice stepped out in Kate's dress but with two style differences  She wore her hair in big, bouncy waves - an effortless yet enviable favourite for Kate. The natural beauty was relatively fresh faced, with what appears to be just a smidge of eyeshadow, mascara and a nude lipstick. As for the blouse, it is unclear whether Kate's backwards buttons were a stylistic choice or a fashion faux pas. But whichever it was, when the royal donned the same piece over a year later, the buttons were on back to front again. On November 28, 2020, Kate looked breathtaking as she presented her online Q&A on Early Years wearing the pretty blouse. She wore a very similar - if not the same - ensemble, with high-waisted belted black trousers. Her hair was fashioned into gorgeous bouncy curls, and as for makeup she went for a slightly more glam look. This included cat-eye eyeliner, mascara, a touch of blusher and bronzer, with a pop of pink lipstick.