Novak Djokovic's father has chosen to stay away from the Rod Laver Arena for the Australian Open final despite his son's wish to have him in the stands. Srdjan Djokovic made sparked a political row this weekend inside Melbourne Park when he was filmed posing alongside pro-Vladimir Putin supporters after his son's win over Andrey Rublev.  It resulted in tournament director Craig Tiley having a talk with the Djokovic clan, warning them to "be careful". Srdjan later released a statement insisting he "had no intention of causing such headlines or disruption". And he also added that he would not attend his son's semi-final match with Tommy Paul. Djokovic went on to ease his way into the Australian Open final and was asked about his father's absence during his post-match press conference. The 21-time Grand Slam champion admitted that no final decision had been made on whether his dad would return to his box for the final, but stated that his preference was to of course have him there. "Let's see. Of course, it wasn't, again, pleasant not to have him in the box," Djokovic said. "It's a decision that we made together. Just didn't know how things will play out, I guess. "Yeah, I hope to have him. I hope he's going to be feeling okay to be in the courts because I would like to have him there for the finals." But Srdjan was not spotted in Djokovic's box at the start of the Australian Open final with the seat next to the tennis star's mother, Dijana, empty. "No sign of Novak's father, he elected to stay away," Commentator Chris Bradnam noted on Eurosport. "We all know the reasons why."  Srdjan has been an ever-present in the stands for most of Djokovic's Grand Slam finals. And the Serbian tennis icon defended his father when speaking about the political row which ensued following his photos alongside the pro-Putin supporters. "The photo that he made, he was passing through. I heard what he said in the video. He said, Cheers. Unfortunately some of the media has interpreted that in a really wrong way," Djokovic added. "I'm sorry that that has escalated so much. But I hope people understand that there was absolutely no intention whatsoever to support any kind of war initiatives or anything like that. My father, as I said, was passing through. There was a lot of Serbian flags around. That's what he thought. He thought he was making photo with somebody from Serbia. That's it. He moved on. "Of course, it's not pleasant for me to go through this with all the things that I had to deal with last year and this year in Australia. It's not something that I want or need. I hope that people will let it be, and we can focus on tennis." 