Undergoing the £4,000 procedure at DHI Global's Clinic, in Harley Street, London, Tufnell explained that he had "been suffering from hair loss for a few years". With his hair thinning at the back and sides of his scalp, the former sportsman decided he "wanted to do something about it". Speaking about the speedy treatment, Tufnell said: "What I particularly like about this treatment is that you don’t have to have the back of your head shaved. "They literally pick the donor hairs out and then patch it back up where you have the bald spots with very little fuss. "There is very little disturbance to the scalp and the final results are completely natural." With "minimal" downtime after the hair transplant, Tufnell could quickly return to his everyday life – without anyone knowing what he had just done. "I am aware that several ex-cricketers have had help with their hair," Tufnell added. READ MORE: 'I thought my symptoms were menopause': Woman, 36, shares unusual bowel cancer signs  "We are like a little club of hair transplant patients," he quipped. "The common factor in all of us is that we are all on the TV and in the media. "[We] are aware that we need to look good when we are presenting to millions of fans." Referencing The Ashes, which will start in June, Tufnell explained that "it takes around six months for the new hair to really start showing". This means by the time The Ashes are in full force, Tufnell's locks are going to look great.  "I should be looking my best with the hair fully restored when we take on Australia in the summer," he beamed. "I am really excited to show off my new barnet just as the boys start the series. "The England team is playing brilliantly under Ben Stokes and it should be a really exciting summer." Hair loss in older men Tufnell's thinning hair on the sides and crown – before his procedure – is evident of male pattern baldness. READ MORE: Covid 'Kraken' variant is ripping through the UK – symptoms of the disease Dr Gigi Taguri explained male pattern baldness is a "genetic disorder" that causes the hormone testosterone to be converted into DHT (dihydrotestosterone). DHT has an "adverse effect on hair follicles" that causes them to eventually stop hair production. The first stage of male pattern baldness is a receding hairline, followed by thinning of the hair on the crown and temples until bald patches meet. This common condition affects around 6.5 million men in the UK, with some men experiencing male pattern baldness from their 20s. A DHI Global spokesperson said: "We are increasing the density in Phil’s hair on the sides and the crown. "We are filling in the gaps to make him look better when he is presenting cricket in the summer. "We treat a lot of high-profile patients such as Phil who need to look good for their careers. "They use the downtime when they are not in the public eye for a discreet procedure which can make them look years younger."