The Royal Family should deny Prince Harry access to the balcony as part of the King’s historic coronation celebrations as the Duke could use the event as fodder for commercial gain, says royal autobiographer Angela Levin. Appearing on GB News, Ms Levin said: "You cannot have someone who says he hates the UK, who loves living in the USA. You can't have them [Meghan and Harry] there. You also cannot trust them - they will sell everything they can get to get a new TV documentary." The royal commentator continued: "The papers will want to talk about what they are doing so it will spoil it. You have to get rid of them. This is King Charles' day." Ms Levin added that Harry runs the risk of overshadowing Camilla, Queen Consort too. "This is King Charles and Camilla's day. They deserve to be respected. To say what they want to say and be the King and Queen of the country. We don't want somebody who really hates the monarchy there." The royal autobiographer said Harry's brother William has to be considered too. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's eye-watering four-book deal shows 'trashing' royals 'big business' The optics wouldn't look good considering William is "absolutely furious" with Harry, Ms Levin said. Calls for Harry to be banned from the coronation balcony follow the release of his tell-all memoir Spare, on January 10. Spare is packed with bombshell revelations about the Royal Family, such as Harry's physical altercation with his brother, William, and his critical portrayal of his stepmother, Camilla. As the backlash to the book continues, the focus is turning to the coronation. DON'T MISSTrump is back on Facebook and Instagram [LATEST]Girl, 15, jailed for nine years after stabbing cheerleader [REPORT]Biden hit with new lawsuit as 20 states join fight [INSIGHT] The balcony appearance, timetabled after the coronation itself, has become a focal point in the rift between Harry and his family. The Duke may even assume a different role in the coronation altogether. Prince Harry has been tipped to skip King Charles's coronation after two US broadcasters allegedly approached the Duke of Sussex to commentate on the ceremony. The Duke's potential coronation role was first tipped in this weekend's Sunday Express where TV companies were suggested to be attempting to lure him to join their media teams. READ MORE: Royal Family ‘rightly’ snubbed ‘self-destructive’ Meghan and Harry and their ‘pity party' Speaking on behalf of Spin Genie, royal commentator Charles Rae said: "There are also rumours that Harry has been offered a lot of money by two broadcasters to commentate on the Coronation. "Of course, if they came their presence would undoubtedly take the shine away from Charles and Camilla on what should be a fantastic celebration - not only for them, but the country. "Clearly the focus would be on them and not the newly crowned King and Queen Consort.” The King's coronation is scheduled to take place on Sunday, May 6 at Westminster Abbey. During the ceremony, the King will be crowned alongside Camilla, the Queen Consort. Buckingham Palace is expected to throw a lavish do to mark the accession of the new sovereign.