Makeup Revolution is a beauty brand known for its affordable and viral dupe-worthy products. Express.co.uk previously revealed its Miracle Cream that helped women achieve a youthful glow, with wrinkles smoothed out and skin plumped. Now, the brand has released a Super Base Vitamin Primer which is said to be as good as another well-known product, that’s £39 more expensive. Revolution’s Super Base Vitamin Primer (£9.99) is the cheaper alternative to the renowned Bobbie Brown Vitamin Enriched Face Base (£48.50). The dupe is a primer and moisturiser hybrid, combining the skin-nourishing qualities of a moisturiser and the benefits of a primer for less than a tenner. Packed with skin-nourishing Vitamins B, C and E, shea butter and hyaluronic acid, this moisturising primer works throughout the day to hydrate and nourish the skin. The transparent formula can be worn underneath makeup to smooth, pump and prep the skin for makeup application, or alone as a daily moisturiser providing a healthy, natural glow. READ MORE: ‘Key’ areas that will make you look younger with 'subtle tweaks' Since sharing the news of the launch of the primer on Instagram, beauty fans have been going crazy for it, likening it to Bobbi Brown’s product. One commented: “I have to try this out, it looks amazing.” Another wondered: “Bobbi Brown Dupe?” Sarah B has already tried the product and left a review online: “This is incredible. It smooths and moisturises.” Sophie commented: “Bought this to try and wow it's amazing! Makes my makeup go on so lovely and I even wear it on no-makeup days as it gives my skin such a lovely glow. "Tried it under two foundations and I wouldn't even say it matters what foundation you wear as this primer will always make your skin look flawless.” The primer currently has a 4.8 out of five-star rating online. DON'T MISS...Poundland to open and relocate 50 new stores [FULL LIST]Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE] As for how it compares to Bobbi Brown’s product, @makeupbyaliciall “put it to the test” on TikTok. “As you can see my Bobbie Brown Face Base is almost empty, it is probably my favourite primer and go-to. So I feel I can give a really good review as to whether this [the Revolution Primer] is any good. “I use this [Bobbi Brown], every single day and I think it’s well worth the money, it’s like £40-60 depending on the size you get. “The [Revolution] primer looks to be the same colour and texture as the Bobbi Brown…ok quite a thick consistency like Bobbi Brown. Maybe a slight resemblance in the smell, but there’s not really a scent to it. READ MORE: ‘Most unflattering’ lipstick colours women over 40 should avoid “So far it does feel lovely, definitely feels similar - I’m just thinking would I notice if I did a blind test? Probably only by the smell. But it feels so lovely so far, from just rubbing it in, it does feel really nice, hydrating and moisturising. “Maybe not as luxurious as the Bobbi Brown one feels - but what a £10 version! The texture and the feeling are very similar, I’m quite impressed. Where it’s dried, my skin is unbelievably soft. “What I’m going to do is finish my face and apply my makeup…here’s my face makeup finished, I’ve got to be honest, everything layered on top absolutely beautifully, so I’m very impressed. “My skin feels hydrated and nourished, and when I applied it, my skin was ridiculously soft. This definitely gets a 10 out of 10 for me. “If the price wasn’t an option, what would I go for? I would go for the Bobbi Brown one, just because of the luxurious feel it gives you, but for £10, this is honestly such a good alternative.” Similarly to the Magic Cream, Revolution’s Primer is selling out fast. The Makeup Revolution Super Base Vitamin Primer (£9.99) is available direct and at Superdrug and Boots stores nationwide.