Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was left heartbroken when his holiday romance Sophie (Chelsea Edge) left Saint Marie to head back to Manchester. However, things took an unexpected turn in the latest instalment of Death in Paradise when Sophie told Neville she was coming back to the Caribbean. At the end of Friday's episode, Neville was left with a huge smile on his face. Not only did he solve the team's latest murder, but he finally admitted his true feelings towards Sophie. "By the look on your face, sir it looks like you managed to not mess up that phone call," Marlon (Tahj Miles) said. "Quite the opposite, Marlon," Neville replied as he joined his colleagues. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row When asked about what was happening, the detective beamed: "She's flying out in a few days to see me. "Her boss said she can work remotely for a month just as a trial and I guess we'll see how we get on together." "I am so pleased for you, inspector," Darlene (Ginny Holder) chipped in. However, fans have grown concerned for Neville, with many sharing their thoughts on his storyline. Some viewers believe either Neville or Sophie will be killed off, or that Sophie will end up betraying the detective. They also questioned how Neville's colleague Andy (Kent Riley ) will fit into the storyline in the upcoming weeks. "What happened to the colleague arriving on the island from last week? #DeathInParadise," user @kirstiebakes asked. @Haifischfrau tweeted: "Sophie is coming to the island. Happy for Neville. But I see something bad happening in the future. Maybe he or she gets killed." DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] Debbie Blackman went on to reply: " I'm almost afraid that the finale will have Sophie being murdered." "@deathinparadise the last couple of episodes before tonight have both had cliffhangers that haven't followed on the next episode, WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING?! #DeathInParadise," @TrechmannMatt quizzed. Others went on to question whether Justin West (Robert Webb) will have anything to do with Sophie or Neville. Louise predicted: "You heard it here first...Robert Webbs' character (survivalist Justin West) will kill Neville's girlfriend Sophie..." (sic) While Dawn Portman added: "Convinced Sophie knows the Robert Webb character and the romance will end in tears. #DeathInParadise." "Is Sophie an undercover officer? #deathinparadise," @Survivinthe20s added as they threw another theory into the mix. Will Sophie end up betraying Neville or could there be a double exit on the cards when the detective and his love meet a sinister ending? Death in Paradise returns on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.