FPL users will be licking their lips at the prospect of Gameweek 20 being a double Gameweek, though it will certainly be a decisive point in the season. Several tricky fixtures could see some players sacrifice the chance for a major points haul, as well as growing injury problems at numerous top clubs. Express Sport is here to bring you all the latest FPL injury news before Friday’s 6.30pm deadline. Gabriel Jesus shared an update on his return to fitness following surgery earlier this week, though he won’t return in time for the north London derby this weekend. Bukayo Saka was substituted as a ‘precaution’ against Oxford on Monday, however, he is not expected to be ruled out as a result. It is hard to truly get a grasp of Graham Potter’s time as Chelsea manager when he has so many injury problems. Forwards Raheem Sterling, Christian Pulisic and Armando Broja are all ruled out for the foreseeable future, with new signing Joao Felix also suspended for three matches following his red card against Fulham. Midfield options are also scarce for the former Brighton boss, with N’Golo Kante and Ruben Loftus-Cheek still sidelined. The extent of Denis Zakaria’s injury is unknown at this stage, though Potter is not in a position to risk the fitness of his best-performing stars so it would be a surprise to see him feature. Ben Chilwell, Reece James, Edouard Mendy and Wesley Fofana will all remain absent too. Liverpool are expected to be without forwards Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota for their trip to Brighton on Saturday, with Darwin Nunez also a doubt after missing several training sessions this week. Roberto Firmino was also not spotted in training footage, suggesting it could be wise to leave him out of your team. Virgil van Dijk, meanwhile, is still ruled out with a hamstring problem. Diogo Dalot sustained a hamstring injury against Charlton earlier this week, which saw him replaced after just 34 minutes, and he is a doubt for the Manchester derby despite Erik ten Hag labelling the problem ‘not serious’. Donny van de Beek (knee) and Jadon Sancho (fitness) remain sidelined. Following their shock exit from the Carabao Cup, Manchester City will be hoping to bounce back to form at Old Trafford, though they will be without Ruben Dias. Fellow defender John Stones is racing to return to fitness in time. Brazilian duo Richarlison and Lucas Moura are both ruled out for Tottenham’s match against Arsenal this weekend, with a return date not set for either player. Though the double blow is softened by Yves Bissouma, Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur all being in the frame to return. Injuries aren’t just stacking up at the ‘Big Six’ clubs, with several other clubs missing key players. Brentford star Ivan Toney is hoping to return to fitness soon following his knee injury sustained against West Ham in late December, though it remains to be seen whether the match against Bournemouth comes too soon for the striker. Leicester City star James Maddison is also continuing to nurse a knee injury, whilst questions are being raised about Brighton forward Leandro Trossard and whether he will need to endure longer on the sidelines to prompt an upturn in his form.