After the birth, Olympian Tom and husband Dustin announced they would be making a documentary which looked at their experience of starting a family using a surrogate. However, it has since been reported the BBC documentary has now been scrapped which has led to some "scratching of heads" over the circumstances. The BBC has already made two documentaries with Tom, including Tom Daley's Hell of A Homecoming and Tom Daley: Illegal to be Me. Tom and Dustin's surrogacy documentary was announced after fans called for the couple to give an insight into their experience. But there has been no update on Tom’s planned documentary for some time. A TV insider said: “There’s been some scratching of heads among observers as it was strange to unveil plans only for them to be shelved. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz “Tom would have had some idea of what is involved in making a documentary and training. After all, he has competed at the Games in 2008, 2012 and 2016. "But producers understood there was a time limit in which the documentary could be made," they added to The Sun. A BBC spokesperson confirmed to Express.co.uk: “Due to Tom’s sporting commitments in the run-up to the 2020 Olympics, he was unable to film for a significant amount of time. "Given the topicality of the subject and its exploration of the arguments for and against a change in the law, he agreed with the BBC that it would have been impossible to complete the film in a satisfactory way that would have accurately reflected the situation at the time" BBC Head of Commissioning, Natural History and Specialist Factual, Tom McDonald said of the documentary back in 2018: "Surrogacy is one of the most complex issues in modern society. "The laws which govern it are radically different across the world. As new fathers through surrogacy, Tom and Lance are both committed to exploring all of the nuances around this very emotive subject. "I'm thrilled that Tom is going to be our guide in this deeply personal and intelligent film." The documentary would have looked at how surrogacy worked in the UK, compared to other parts of the world where it is illegal to advertise for or pay surrogates except for reasonable expenses. DON'T MISS...James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [WATCH]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT] Tom was also set to travel to California, where commercial surrogacy, complete with contracts between surrogates and want-to-be parents, is more the norm, as well as a European country where surrogacy is totally illegal. Back in 2018 before the documentary was announced, Tom opened up on the backlash he and Dustin received for using a surrogate. He said on Fearne Cotton's podcast Happy Place: "With Kim Kardashian West, people felt sorry she's not able to have a child because of health reasons. "But for every other gay couple that is not able to have a child, but desperately would love to bring up a child like any heterosexual couple, we have been treated quite differently." The pair excitedly announced they were expecting a baby on Instagram before a spokesperson added: "Tom and Dustin are thrilled to share that they are expecting their first child in 2018." Tom has recently opened up on the joys of being a parent but admitted as his son has gotten older, his hobby of knitting has been put to the side. He told Prima magazine: "I love making stuff for my son Robbie. I've made him so many jumpers and cardigans. "It has got to a point where I sometimes get the needles out and he's like, ''Papa, no more knitting' but he's been asking for a hat for a while so that's my next project."