Boris Johnson joked to Downing Street staff about the "most unsocially distanced party in the UK right now" during a boozy Number 10 leaving do, ITV News has claimed. The claim was made during ITV's 'Partygate: The Inside Story' podcast. The former Prime Minister, who was issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice following Scotland Yard's investigation into Partygate, is due to appear before a Commons standard committee over whether he misled MPs when he previously insisted all guidance had been followed. The claims have renewed criticism that the Prime Minister was fully aware he was breaking his own Government’s rules, despite his insistence that he was unaware rules had been broken. The Partygate scandal was one of numerous PR disasters for Johnson’s premiership, which led to him being ousted from Downing Street. Several parties which were alleged to have happened at Number 10 were investigated by senior civil servant Sue Gray, whose inquiry covered 15 events on 12 dates between May 2020 and April 2021. It was found that Mr Johnson attended eight of these gatherings and several of the events saw people become drunken and rowdy.  Her 60-page report noted that at a leaving party on June 18, 2020, there was karaoke which saw “excessive alcohol consumption”. Ms Gray found emails and messages between staff at Downing Street which revealed social events were continuing to be regularly planned. However, some officials warned that the events were not a good idea. Despite claims of partying at Johnson’s flat in Downing Street on November 13, 2020, the civil servant controversially chose not to investigate these claims. READ MORE: Brexiteer lists three key benefits of UK's exit from EU An ITV source described their experience of attending the leaving do, the picture of Mr Johnson raising his glass to his staff, and the former PM’s comment about “the most unsocially distanced party”. The insider said: “The PM making that comment really sticks out in my mind, that was pretty bad, because the picture showed one side of this going on, but what it didn’t capture is the 20 odd people sat on top of each other on the opposite side - they’re literally shoulder to shoulder, clamped in like a tube carriage. “And he was there seeing people sat on other people’s laps (in) close proximity, crowded, scrunched up in front of him. “He saw that, he saw people with drinks. You saw the picture. It had booze all over that desk. He’s not blind, he’s not stupid. He saw that and didn’t shut it down. That was really bad, but that was a normal sight, a regular occurrence, so it wasn’t unusual to see that sort of thing.” DON'T MISSBoris asks Tories to fight ‘for a low tax global Britain’ [COMMENTS]UK to send troops to Japan in 'significant defence agreement' [LATEST]Angela Rayner launches attack on 'ridiculous' strike laws [REPORT]  Mr Johnson quit as Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader in July, and nearly entered the leadership race to replace Liz Truss just six weeks later, only to pull out at the eleventh hour. Recently, many of his allies have backed him to make a sensational return as Rishi Sunak struggles to regain the ground lost to Sir Keir Starmer and the Labour Party in the poll. But ITV News Editor Paulk Brand has warned the latest Partygate claims surrounding the former Prime Minister could all but end those hopes. He wrote: "His potential return was thwarted last autumn when, following the resignation of Liz Truss, MPs failed to flock to him in overwhelming numbers, in part because of the potential for the Privileges Committee to further blight a second Boris Johnson premiership. "If the committee finds that Mr Johnson did indeed mislead MPs, he could be banished from the Commons, face a by-election and lose his seat.  "In that scenario, he cannot return as Prime Minister, at least not without finding another constituency. "As the Conservative party peers into the potential abyss of electoral defeat, Boris Johnson is rumoured to be poised, ready to offer his party optimism. "Some still believe he is the only Tory leader who could win the next election if he does indeed return. "What the Privileges Committee represents is a looming barrier in his way. A hurdle, which if it trips him, will see him stumble off the track, disqualified from the sprint to the next election. "Partygate could yet be a party pooper for Boris Johnson’s prospects of return."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express  