Chelsea hero Thomas Tuchel would reportedly be interested in taking over as Tottenham manager if Antonio Conte quits the north London giants. Spurs boss Conte has come under pressure following a disappointing run of results and has been tipped to leave the Lilywhites. Tuchel was appointed Chelsea manager in January 2021 and went on to lead the team to Champions League success four months later as the Blues defeated Manchester City 1-0 in the final. He backed that up by guiding the side to Club World Cup triumph last February as well as appearances in last season’s Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals, before he secured a second consecutive top-four league finish as Chelsea boss. But following an underwhelming start to the new season, the German was given his marching orders by owner Todd Boehly, who went on to appoint Graham Potter as his successor. Tuchel is still well-respected at Chelsea thanks to his successful spell in west London. But, according to the Evening Standard, the 49-year-old would be keen on a move to Tottenham despite his connection with the Blues. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE     Tottenham enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League season as they accumulated 23 points in their first 10 matches. But the wheels have come off in recent months, with the team winning just three of their last nine top-flight matches. Spurs are now five points adrift of the top four and have it all to do if they are to qualify for next season’s Champions League. And Conte may not stick around for much longer, despite the fact he has led his side to the last 16 of this campaign’s Champions League and has a two-legged showdown with AC Milan to look forward to. DON'T MISSMan Utd set for bidding war as Ratcliffe and INEOS launch takeover attemptNewcastle 'really love' Maddison and draw up plans to 'attack' transfer againMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut plan   Chelsea, meanwhile, have suffered a downturn in fortunes since Tuchel was axed and have fallen to 10th in the Premier League table after winning just eight of their 19 matches. Tuchel was dismissed in September following a 1-0 European defeat to Dinamo Zagreb, despite winning three of his first six league games of the season. And following his departure, the former Paris Saint-Germain and Borussia Dortmund boss said: “I am devastated that my time at Chelsea has come to an end. This is a club where I felt at home, both professionally and personally. Thank you so much to all the staff, the players and the supporters for making me feel very welcome from the start. “The pride and joy I felt at helping the team to win the Champions League and the Club World Cup will stay with me forever. I am honoured to have been a part of this club’s history and the memories of the last 19 months will always have a special place in my heart.” 