A warning has been issued to Brits after norovirus cases double in the span of a year, with nearly 400 Brits in hospital with the potentially nasty disease. NHS data shows 371 adult beds are filled by patients with norovirus - up from 344 in the week before. Professor Julian Redhead, clinical director of emergency care, warned that illnesses such as the flu and norovirus are "still a very real concern". He added that hospitals' bed occupancy "is still constrainted". Infections are currently 37 percent higher than the five-season average and have surpassed pre-Covid levels, according to data from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). Most cases are among those over the age of 65, and people living in care homes.  Norovirus, also commonly referred to as the winter vomiting bug, is a stomach issue that can cause vomiting and diarrhoea, with symptoms typically lasting for up to three days. It is notorious for spreading on cruise ships, but has recently flared across the UK. The bug shares many similarities with the flu, with the telltale main signs including feeling sick and vomiting, diarrhoea, a high temperature, and aching arms and legs. Symptoms typically flare up within one or two days of being infected. READ MORE: Health bosses issue flu warning as children sent to intensive care [REVEAL] The best thing to do if you come down with it is to rest up, and drink lots of fluids to avoid dehydration. Symptoms should pass in two or three days. Norovirus can spread quickly, and close contact with someone who has had the bug will easily lead to catching it yourself. This also extends to touching surfaces or objects that have the virus on them and then touching your mouth - as well as eating foods that have been prepared or handled by someone with the illness. To keep yourself protected, pay attention to your hygiene, including frequently and thoroughly washing your hands with soapy water. It's also a good idea to avoid contact with people who may be sick. DON'T MISS: Norovirus warning: Three new modes of transmission discovered [REVEAL]Britons struck down by four illnesses sweeping across UK [INSIGHT]Cruise: How to avoid catching norovirus [ANALYSIS]  If you or members of your household are ill:  