Boxing star Oleksandr Usyk has already begun the mind games with Tyson Fury, after calling out the Gypsy King on Twitter. The pair have been tipped to finally meet in the boxing ring, following a war of words across the past two years. Usyk currently holds the WBA, IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles after defeating Anthony Joshua on two occasions, with his defence coming last summer. Fury meanwhile is of course a world champion of his own, donning the WBC crown. Fury’s latest defence came against old rival Derek Chisora, who he defeated for a third time. One man who was ringside at the bout last month at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium was Usyk. The world champion pair shared a heated debate post-fight, after the Ukrainian was brought up to the ropes. Screaming into Usyk’s face, the Gypsy King called out his rival for a fight in 2023, whilst also pointing out his inferior size. JUST IN: Jake Paul sends furious warning to KSI with potential fight date scheduled It is not the first time Fury has dug out the Ukrainian fighter over his size, often referring to his rival as a ‘pumped-up middleweight’. With talks now said to be underway between the two sides, Usyk has kicked off the mind games by sharing a photo of his physique, whilst labelling the Gypsy King ‘belly’. In the shot Usyk was posing topless by a swimming pool. He uploaded the picture on Twitter and added the caption: “The Middleweight is here! Where are you Belly? @Tyson_Fury.” Despite his recent criticism of the WBA, IBF, and WBO champion, Fury has recently backtracked. DON'T MISSDaniel Dubois bad-mouthed again as Joe Joyce twists the knife after lucky escapeOleksandr Usyk could get inside scoop on Tyson Fury as left-field sparring partner pickedTyson Fury has WWE issue costing him millions as bank balance hit by travel restrictions He told TalkSport: “He’s beat a big guy before, AJ – 6ft 6ins – I’m not that much taller than him. I’ve been searching the world, I’ve travelled all over, to find a challenger who can beat me, and I can’t find one. 14 years. Usyk’s about 6ft 3ins and just under 16 stone. He’s a pretty big boy, he’s a lot bigger than Muhammad Ali was back in the day. "He’s bigger than Evander Holyfield, he’s bigger than Mike Tyson, he’s bigger than Joe Frazier, he’s bigger than Ken Norton. He’s probably the same size as ‘big’ George Foreman. Everybody used to say ‘big’ George Foreman, now they’re saying ‘little tiny’ Usyk at the same weight and size.”