For her appearance, Queen Letizia donned a long black coat, a printed midi dress and a pair of black boots. However, her shiny diamond earrings stole the show today because of the meaning behind the iconic piece. Queen Letizia chose the diamond drop earrings that the Cordovan Jewellers Association of San Eloyi gifted her in 2005. These earrings, which the Spanish monarch has had for 18 years, are made of platinum and feature 17 diamonds. A couple of months after Letizia married the then Prince Felipe in 2004, she accompanied him to an event in the southern city of Cordoba. This was the first and only time she donned the jewel honouring the city of the jewellery who created and gifted her the earrings. READ MORE: Bra fitter's method to find your 'perfect' bra size The diamond piece was carefully made following the traditional Cordoban filigree technique. The jewellers also presented her with a stunning gold, diamond and emerald cross as a wedding present in 2004. The Cordoban filigree work is one of the best-known techniques from the region and consists of soldering gold or silver threads onto a metal structure. This is meant to create different shapes and a lot of jewellers from Cordoba use this method to make the most unique and exclusive designs. For her engagement in Alicante, Letizia chose the same grey and white print dress from Spanish designer Pedro del Hierro that she donned in Viena last year during an official visit. She combined it with the pair of black boots she recently debuted in Greece and a long black coat from Carolina Herrera.  Today, the Queen of Spain travelled to Petrer, in Alicante, to learn about the services available to people with rare diseases while King Felipe visited Barcelona to inaugurate the Integrated Systems Europe Fair.  Letizia shook hands and took selfies with the people who came to greet her and she seemed delighted to meet the residents of Petrer. With this visit, the Queen of Spain is supporting a new project that aims to provide comprehensive care for people with rare diseases or in search of an accurate diagnosis.  Royal fans took to social media to comment on Queen Letizia's look from today with @mr.renutemprom saying: "Beautiful Queen!" "I love this moment and her look," commented @andrecp05 with another one saying: "I like it, the earrings are wonderful!" Last week, Queen Letizia and King Felipe hosted the Annual Reception of the Diplomatic Corps Accredited at the Royal Palace and she looked beautiful in a pink floor-length gown. The Spanish monarch chose a very elegant white blouse with bow detail from Carolina Herrera which she combined with a flowy pale pink skirt and matching pumps from fashion brand LODI. Letizia kept her hair loose and donned a pair of delicate drop earrings from Tous and her "Amor Che Tutto Move" ring in yellow gold. "Letizia always looks so chic, super stylish and I'm proud she is the Spanish Queen!" commented royal fan @puramussodelmoral.