Marcel Sabitzer is set to fly to Manchester to complete a loan move to Manchester United, according to reports. Chelsea have also shown an interest in the Bayern Munich star but it appears the Red Devils have won the race. United were rocked by the news that Christian Eriksen is set for a sustained period on the sidelines with an ankle injury. Eriksen suffered damage to his ankle following a challenge from Andy Carroll in the FA Cup fourth-round win over Reading on Saturday. He has been a key player in United's revival in recent months. And Erik ten Hag has moved quickly in an attempt to fill the void the Dane will leave. Sabitzer emerged as an option for both United and Chelsea early on deadline day. The Blues are also in the market for a midfielder but their attention is on Benfica's Enzo Fernandez, who could complete a late move to Stamford Bridge for a fee in the region of £105million. Man Utd transfer news LIVE: United 'offered' Atletico star, medical done, De Jong talks  United have seemingly moved ahead of their rivals for Sabitzer and are closing in on a deal. The Telegraph claims the 28-year-old is set to fly to Manchester from Munich in order to complete a loan move. Sabitzer has been spotted at Munich airport and will soon be in the air on his way to the UK as a deal looks set to be completed by tonight's 11pm deadline. He claims United are in pole position to sign the Austria international. Sabitzer started his career in Austria with Admira Wacker and had a spell at Rapid Vienna before joining RB Leipzig in 2014. He had a seven-year spell at Leipzig before signing for Bayern in the summer of 2021. However, he has not been a regular at Bayern this season. He has made just seven Bundesliga starts and has been permitted to leave for the remainder of the campaign. DON'T MISSChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loanArsenal chief Edu has learnt his lesson despite Jorginho criticismArsenal may be about to pull off masterstroke with 'top' Arteta signing  Sabitzer still has two-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at Bayern. It remains to be seen if United will have the option to buy the player in the summer. Ten Hag spoke at a press conference earlier on deadline day. He admitted it would be difficult to replace Eriksen so late in the window. The Dutchman said: "As you said, on deadline day it's difficult, you can't make policy on such bad injuries. But we have players in the midfield department, good players. We have players who can fill the gap."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here