Carol Vorderman, 62, first became a national TV staple after appearing on the game show Countdown for 26 years from 1982 until 2008. As well as hosting The Pride of Britain Awards, the media personality has a number of projects behind her that account for her stellar trajectory in the media. However, on the flip side of her success, Carol has had to deal with backlash from critics and the objectification of her looks on social media. In a candid conversation with Michelle Visage on her Rule Breakers podcast, Carol admitted she does not care about being objectified, and sometimes she actually seeks that reaction from fans. Asked about her thoughts on the matter, Carol bluntly replied: “I don't care. It's an experiment." The TV veteran, who read engineering at Sidney Sussex College, added: “It's a bonus - being alive at 62 in itself is a bonus. READ MORE: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row “I have to say, sometimes I deliberately post stuff that I say, ‘Oh, let’s get that lot going over there.’ “I have been on TV for 40 years, I have aged in front of everybody." Carol often takes to her social media accounts to share updates of her life along with racy pictures wearing skin-tight outfits. The age-defying beauty recently had all eyes on her as she posted a video shaking her derriere in a pair of tight black leather leggings and figure-hugging orange top. Earlier this week, Carol joined Gyles Brandreth, Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond in the ITV studios to present from the This Morning sofa. The presenters discussed Prince Harry's new memoir, Spare, which will hit shelves next week. Carol then showed her professionalism as she managed to contain a fit of laughter when things got out of hand as Gyles read out some of the revelations from the Spanish version of the Duke of Sussex's book. Carol, who had already begun giggling, said: "Prince Harry said while he was at Eton..." DONT MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [UPDATE]Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears [NEWS]Lorraine Kelly distracted by Prince Harry's voice in ITV interview [LATEST] "He was possibly 16, could have been 17," Gyles chipped in. "He was 17," Carol corrected as Gyles continued: "It's in the year he could have been one or the other. "My Spanish dictionary, I was trying to find what frost-bitten penis is in Spanish." As Gyles kept a straight face, Dermot and Alison put their head in their hands as they tried to contain their laughter. Carol shrieked as she held her stomach, with Gyles adding: "Because he also tells us, was it the Arctic or the Antarctic? "Anyway, his penis became frost-bitten and I've translated this from the Spanish [version], so if I have got it wrong and actually it's a sore thumb I do apologise." Carol tried to compose herself, as she asked Gyles to go back to when Harry was at Eton. "Back to the school," the Gogglebox star explained. "An older woman took his virginity and then when the act of darkness has been completed, he lay on his front and she smacked his bottom and sent him on his way."