A claim made by Prince Harry in a recent television interview has been thrown into doubt by a royal reporter, with the Duke of Sussex appearing to contradict himself over his TV habits. Prince Harry's latest book Spare was released in the UK yesterday, and in the run-up to the ghost-written memoir's release, the Duke of Sussex has done several high-profile interviews. One of his recent conversations was with the high-profile US journalist Anderson Cooper for the show 60 Minutes. During the interview, Mr Cooper read several passages from Spare, including a recount of a meeting between Prince Harry and Prince William in 2021, where he described his brother's "familiar scowl" "alarming baldness" and how his "famous resemblance to mummy" was "fading with time." The Duke also spoke about how he was initially unable to talk about their mother's death and claimed that his brother told him to pretend he didn't know him when the pair were at school together. However, during the extensive interview, an eagle-eyed royal reporter picked up one of the seemingly more innocuous details as potentially untrue after Prince Harry claimed during the conversation that he didn't watch the hit HBO series Game of Thrones. Richard Palmer, aroyal correspondent of the Daily Express, pointed out that this could be an error on the part of the Duke. Mr Palmer tweeted: "Many of Prince Harry's claims in Spare are difficult to check without any evidence but there are other straightforward mistakes that cast doubt on its reliability." "EG he gets it wrong on where he was when the Queen Mother died and there's this little one." "A minor point perhaps but Harry told Anderson Cooper: "I don't watch Game of Thrones." "On May 14, 2013 I was covering Harry visiting Seaside Heights, New Jersey. A young guy asked him if he had seen Game of Thrones. "Some of it," Harry replied." "Perhaps he was just being polite?" The royal reporter went on to theorise. READ MORE: Prince Harry accused of 'rubbing salt in wounds' after Late Show interview appearance However, Mr Palmer also pointed out: "We all make mistakes but newspaper reporters know that if you make silly ones, such as spelling someone's name or home town wrong, it does make it harder for readers to trust what you have written." Game of Thrones was one of the most watched shows on television for much of its run, with its final series averaging around 46 million viewers. Many social media users chose to respond to the royal reporter's thread, with one stating: "Unfortunately Harry and Meghan have caught themselves in lies throughout this whole process", while another added: "He seems to be telling whoever he's talking to at the time what he thinks they want to hear. That would account for the inconsistencies." However, others chose to rally to the prince's defence, stating: "Or perhaps he watched a bit of it almost ten years ago and found it was not his cup of tea and has not watched since —thus his comment to Anderson he does not watch it." DON'T MISS: The Duke of Sussex has recently done several other TV interviews, including with ITV, where he claimed: "I don't know how staying silent is ever going to make things better." Prince Harry also recently appeared on The Late Show in the US alongside host Stephen Colbert, during which he made several significant allegations, including that he believed there was a campaign to undermine his credibility by the royal household. When asked by the show's host if he believed there was an active campaign by the royal household to undermine the book's release, he replied: "Of course." Spare comes after the release of the controversial Netflix docuseries "Harry and Meghan" in December, which saw the Duke and Duchess of Sussex make other bombshell claims surrounding their treatment by the royal household and British media during their departure from life as working royals.