Sarah Lancashire is captivating audiences as she reprises her role as no-nonsense, straight-talking police officer Catherine Cawood in Happy Valley. The role has won her critical acclaim and accolades including a BAFTA in 2017. The actress is playing the role for the last time in the third and final season of the show and viewers are curious to know more about her. Lancashire was born in Oldham on 10 October 1964 and is 58. After graduating from the prestigious Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1986, she launched her acting career. She started off in local theatre while simultaneously teaching drama at Salford University. Some of her early TV roles include Dramarama, Bradley, Watching, About Face and Murder Most Horrid. READ MORE: Happy Valley character most likely to be killed off next exposed Her big break came in 1991 when she took on the role of the ditzy barmaid Raquel with an initial three-month contract on the soap. Raquel disappeared from Weatherfield to purse a modelling career with Lancashir later returning at the end of the year and becoming a full-time cast member. She stayed with the long-running ITV drama for six years with Raquel then departing in 1996 only to make one-off appearances for specials. After leaving the cobbles, Lancashire starred in Where the Heart Is for three years before moving on to other television work. She starred in Clocking Off, Seeing Red, Chargers and The Glass as well as TV movies My Fragile Heart, Gentlemen’s Relish and The Cry. By the 2000s, Lancashire was starring in the likes of Rose and Maloney, Oliver Twist and All the Small Things with parts in Doctor Who, Wuthering Heights and Skins. Lancashire also appeared in the BBC period drama Lark Rise to Candleford in which she served as the narrator and The Paradise. Her appearance as Caroline in Last Tango in Halifax brought her back to prominence with creator Sally Wainwright asking the actress to take on the lead in Happy Valley. Some of Lancashire’s most recent roles have included MotherFatherSon, The Accident, Kiri and Julia. Her recent film roles include Dad’s Army, Yesterday and Everybody’s Talking About Jamie. Should Wainwright make any more seasons of Last Tango in Halifax, Lancashire will be again donning the mantle of the bereaved headteacher mourning the loss of her wife. Speaking about casting Lancashire in Happy Valley, Wainwright previously said: “I thought she played Caroline so well, and again she just gets everything. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] “She gets every little detail and she has that fantastic charisma and personality. “So again, right from the first series, I had her in my head which really helped when I was creating the character. To be able to see her and have some pretty clear idea of how she would deliver the lines.” Wainwright went on to say about Lancashire’s performance: “I think it’s Sarah Lancashire’s performance. I think that she is an extraordinarily empathetic performer.” Adding: “I think she conveys the real subtleties of the tiny, tiny moment-by-moment thoughts in everything she does. The audience really engage with her.” Happy Valley season 3 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm