Carlos Alcaraz has admitted he wants to go head-to-head with Novak Djokovic soon after congratulating the 35-year-old for his Australian Open title victory on Sunday. Djokovic tasted success at the Melbourne tournament for a record-extending 10th time after overcoming Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-3 7-6 7-6 in the final. Djokovic was in imperious form during this year’s Australian Open and dropped just one set on his way to landing the crown. The Serb was made to work hard for the title as Tsitsipas managed to force two tiebreaks during the showpiece event thanks to his tenacity and desire to claim his first Major silverware. But the champion dug deep to get his hands on his 22nd Grand Slam trophy and move level with Rafael Nadal at the top of the all-time men’s Major title standings. “Congratulations @DjokerNole for the Australian Open and the world number 1,” Alcaraz wrote on Twitter after the match. “Very well deserved! Hope to see you soon on court!” Alcaraz has faced Djokovic on just one occasion so far in his career as the pair met on clay in the semi-finals of last year’s Madrid Open. The Spaniard came out on top in that match as he secured a 6-7 7-5 7-6 victory, before seeing off Alexander Zverev in the final to win the title. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic spotted meeting his dad back stage after Aus Open win Alcaraz climbed to the No 1 spot in the world rankings last year after winning his first Grand Slam title at the US Open in September. But he was forced to miss the Australian Open after suffering a muscle injury in his right leg during pre-season training. And earlier this month, the 19-year-old said: “It's time to deal with another blow. When I was at my best in pre-season, I picked up an injury through a chance, unnatural movement in training. I'd worked so hard to get to my best level for Australia but unfortunately I won't be able to play the Care A2+ Kooyong [warm-up event] or the Australia Open. It's tough, but I have to be optimistic, recover and look forward. See you in 2024 @australianopen.”  Djokovic is set to return to the No 1 spot following his latest triumph. And after dispatching Tsitsipas, the Serb said: “I have to say, this has been one of the most challenging tournaments I've ever played in my life considering the circumstances. Not playing last year, coming back this year. “I want to thank all the people who made me feel welcome and made me feel comfortable to be in Melbourne and Australia. There's a reason why I've played my best tennis throughout my career in this tournament, on this court in front of the legendary Rod Laver.” 