Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been asked "what's next" amid comments by the Duke that he left things out of Spare as well as speculation over Meghan's own memoir. Royal biographer Christopher Andersen warned that he did not think the Sussexes were done yet and the Firm was not headed for "reconciliation" any time soon. "I don't think any rational person can look at this and say they are headed towards some sort of reconciliation. All of the bridges he's been burning, what's next? There is a sense of can you top this?" Andersen said He claimed that more projects were likely to follow Spare as the Firm keeps quiet over allegations in the bombshell book. The author of The King: The Life of King Charles III added: "[There's a] sense of 'you think you've seen something now, wait until I write volume two, wait until Meghan does her $20 million book deal'. I'm sure there is a lot of drama around the corner." When asked if Harry was "goading" the Royal Family he agreed that the Prince was trying "to get a rise" out of the Firm. However, as the Coronation approaches, King Charles III was looking for calm.  Andersen told US Weekly: "Their strategy is working. It's boosting book sales for Harry but it's also making him frustrated that he is not getting any kind of response. When asked if the Firm would ever be able to trust the Sussexes again, Andersen responded: "I don't think they can. [I'm unsure] whether they can even be cordial with each other on the surface and stand next to each other on the Buckingham Palace balcony." Speculation surrounding an upcoming project exploded last night following Prince Harry's comments in an interview with The Telegraph. During the sit down he told the paper that there was enough material for "a second book" adding that he left out certain details in Spare.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned over political dream as duchess 'losing support' He said: "There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don't want the world to know. Because I don't think they would ever forgive me." There have also been rumours that Meghan Markle may be toying with the idea of writing her own tell-all style memoir, the couple has a deal for four books with publisher Penguin Random House, Spare is only the second. Either way, there is likely more drama brewing between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family, according to Andersen. Spare went on sale January 10, selling 1.43 million copies on its first day in the UK, US and Canada. The Guinness Book of World Records dubbed it the "fastest selling non-fiction book ever". 