On Tuesday the Slaton sisters returned to screens with season four of their hit reality show, 1000lb Sisters. Tammy opened up about her recent near-death experience which resulted in the 36-year-old being put on life support.  Alongside her sister Amy, Tammy has documented her personal struggles with her life-saving weight loss journey. While Amy looked completely unrecognisable after losing over 100lbs, Tammy struggled to stay on track. A check-in revealed she weighed 717lb, which she admitted was “the most I’ve ever weighed.” Soon after the meeting, Tammy was rushed to the hospital after she began struggling for breath. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Speaking on the events, Tammy revealed: “I don’t remember any of it, nothing. I completely blacked out. “I woke up a week later in the hospital on life support, I don’t remember any of it.” The reality star reflected: “Two months ago I decided to go back to rehab, I weighed the most I’ve ever weighed. “I was here maybe less than 30 minutes and my oxygen level dropped, I had to be taken to the hospital. They put me in a medically induced coma.”  Throughout the series, her siblings have expressed major concerns about Tammy’s weight gain, as an emotional Amy stated she could “end up dead.” While their brother Chris Combs added: “If she doesn’t get the surgery, she’s gonna die because of her weight.” After regaining consciousness, Tammy shared: “I woke up a week later, the first person I text was a group text to Amanda, Amy and Chris, I sent them a picture like, ‘It’s me.’” The medical emergency proved to be a huge wake-up call for Tammy as she returned to rehab and took her weight loss seriously. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Man dating woman trapped inside body of girl hits back at critics [INSIGHT]1000lb Best Friends row erupts as Vanessa blasts sister over fast food [INSIGHT]  Although it’s yet to be seen on screens, Tammy took to Tiktok with a video of herself singing and fans were quick to point out her incredible weight loss. Tammy also shared how she now has a positive outlook on life: “ My near-death experience has taught me not to take life for granted. "I now live my life how I want to and not how others want me to." Speaking to People, she added: "It has also mellowed me out. I try harder to not get mad as easily and try to figure out a way around the situation.  "I'm grabbing the bull by the horns and taking control of my life again and not letting my body defeat me. “I told y'all that this wasn't the end of me. The new and improved Tammy is on the way,” she added. As well as meeting her weight loss goals, Tammy found love at rehab and married Caleb Willingham. In a sweet TikTok, Amy announced her sister’s nuptials and said: “Hey y’all, there is no more Slaton sisters. I would love to present to y’all the Willinghams.”  1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC.