A married couple and their son were convicted of first-degree premeditated murder on Tuesday after being found guilty of fatally shooting a security guard. Their motive for killing the worker was the fact he asked their daughter to leave the store as she wasn't wearing a mask. After a trial that spanned several weeks, Larry Teague, his wife Sharmel Teague, and Sharmel Teague's son, Ramonyea Bishop, were sentenced by Genesee Circuit Court Judge Brian Pickell on Tuesday. The three were found guilty of shooting to death Calvin Munerlyn on May 1, 2020, who was working as a security guard at Family Dollar. Their heinous crime carries a mandatory punishment of life in prison without parole in the state of Michigan, where the family lived. Munerlyn, 43, was working at the store just north of downtown Flint when he told Sharmel Teague's daughter, Brya Bishop, she had to leave because she lacked a mask, Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton said. Two men later came to the store and shot the security guard to death, investigators said. The daughter, Brya Bishop, was charged with tampering with evidence, lying to police and being an accessory to a felony. She was sentenced in November to time served and probation. Munerlyn's wife told MLive.com that her husband had worked in the security profession for nearly three decades and had been at the Family Dollar store for a little over a year.  READ MORE: Sheriff says six murdered in ‘cartel’ style shooting Following the tragic incident, she said: "They didn't have to take my baby. All you people just have to do is listen to the law. Listen to the governor. Just stay home. "If you don't have to come out, then you wouldn't need a mask unless you're out getting groceries or necessities. All my baby was doing was his job working and doing his job." A GoFundMe page created for Munerlyn and his family after the fatal shooting has raised more than $400,000. On Tuesday evening, an update on the fundraising page declared: "Justice has been served!!!"  A similar incident occurred at a Georgia grocery shop in June 2021, which saw an employee dead and two others injured following an argument over face coverings. The gunman, identified as Victor Lee Tucker, 30, fatally shot at a cashier who was working at a Big Bear supermarket outside of Atlanta. In a similar incident that year, a Louisiana police officer, who wouldn’t allow a maskless man into a high school basketball game, was also killed. 