Maternal is airing on ITV this week and it follows three doctors returning to work after maternity leave. Set post-pandemic, they have to heroically balance the demands of the NHS and being a new mother. Jacqui Honess-Martin spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the inspiration behind the series. The drama introduces Paediatric Registrar, Dr Maryam Afridi (played by Parminder Nagra), who is worried about treating sick children now that she has her own. Catherine MacDiarmid (Lara Pulver) is a single mother and successful surgeon determined to stand out in the macho world of surgery. Meanwhile, Dr Helen Cavendish (Lisa McGrillis), a Registrar in Acute Medicine, is seen as the mother of the group as well as a new mother to her daughter. Jacqui said it was her "own return to work" that inspired her to write the eye-opening series. She said: "I went back when my eldest son was six months old, full-time, and I found it really hard. READ MORE: GMB backlash as ITV blasted for giving Shamima Begum 'a platform' "I was working in theatre and I guess I kind of thought if I'm really tired and having a c*** day then I might tell someone to stand in the wrong place or a sound cue might not be in the right place. "I had friends who were working in the NHS and friends who were doctors and I thought god if they are this tired, how are they managing? "I sort of got fascinated by that idea that women are sort of put back into the workplace without an awful lot of support. "They are just left to manage and what if that workplace is about as high stakes as you can possibly be? "Where you are making life and death decisions every two or three minutes? "So that's what inspired it and once I started speaking to my friends and finding everybody was finding it a real challenge, then I knew it wasn't just me. "It was something that was going to feel universally shared by a lot of people out there." In order to prepare for the series Jacqui read medical autobiographies and watched other medical series for research. After the pilot, she got medical consultants on board to check the accuracy of each scenario. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Paddy Kirk isolated from family as Dingles forgive Chas [INSIGHT] Here's the lowdown on the new series of Vera on ITV [EXPLAINER] ITV viewers 'switch off' as fans slam Gordon Ramsay new show [DISCUSSION] She explained: "I started out with some textbooks and I watched a lot of ER to piece stuff together. "By episode two I started to work with three consultant medics: Dr Adrian Kennedy, an acute medic working in Yorkshire, Dr Kiran Rahim, a pediatrician working in London, and Ms Zoe Barber, a Consultant Oncoplastic Breast Surgeon in South Wales. "So I found somebody from each of our protagonists’ specialties. "The medics then went back through episode one and said things like, ‘I hope that’s not the end of the scene, because if she does that procedure, she’ll kill the patient.’ "It was kind of a relief to find out that you can't just read a medical textbook and treat people." Jacqui said she wanted to explore the "taboos" around motherhood and doubts about having children. She said: "I think, honestly, all mothers have that moment where they go, ‘What have I done? I can't do it.’ "I think motherhood puts a bomb under who you are and your relationships; it changes everything. "And nobody can really tell you what it's going to be like for you. "We are told a lot how we should feel about having children, and my experience is that very little of that is helpful. We should be able to go, ‘Really? This is my life now?’"  Maternal airs on ITV from Monday, January 16 at 9pm