The Duke of Sussex was interviewed by host Stephen Colbert about the reactions to the “sensational leaks” shortly after the book’s release. Despite the television audience being heard cheering “Harry! Harry! Harry!” when the royal took his seat for the interview, the atmosphere was rather different behind the scenes. It has been reported that due to security fears, there was a sudden change to the filming, which saw audience members miss getting a glimpse of Harry. The recording of the show usually takes two hours and includes a segment by a warm-up act. However, Mr Colbert abruptly finished the show one hour before advertised, which disappointed fans. The scheduled audience of the CBS talk show was left visibly upset when they were told that the father-of-two would not be appearing in front of them. One audience member reportedly shouted: “Are you serious?”, which prompted Mr Colbert to apologise and claimed it was due to security reasons. Security issues have been a major fear of the Duke of Sussex, with it being given as a major factor in his move stateside with his family. One furious audience member told DailyMail.com: “Security issues? Really? It’s not like he’s Prince William or anything – he’s not properly in line to the throne. “Who is trying to kill Harry? I’ve been to a lot of these, and this has never happened. I’m really surprised.” READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘hold hands’ with CBS host Stephen Colbert Another shouted “f*** Prince Harry” as they walked out of the show, while others asked why the filming had suddenly ended. The talk show is filmed at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City, and the special royal episode brought fans from all over the states in the hope of seeing the royal. Audience members said it “wasn’t worth waiting an hour in the cold for”, and one woman added: “Who needs Prince Harry anyway?' She continued: “They are just creating their own drama for the sake of it. If it’s about your family and your safety, why are you doing the interview in the first place?” DON'T MISS:Brexiteer lists three key benefits of UK's exit from EU  (REVEAL)Should UK adopt an insurance-based health system? – YOU VOTED (INSIGHT)Top 20 steps Brits take to boost immune system - like colon irrigation (REVEAL) Harry entered the television studio on Monday with armed security before leaving several hours later. The TV show, which aired at 11.30pm local time (4.30am GMT), was filmed in front of a live audience who the Duke happily engaged with. As the frenzied audience cheered and clapped his appearance, the 38-year-old quipped: "Thanks for bringing the crowd." He also asked if there were “any veterans in the house”, which received some cheers and offered a cocktail to the front row when Colbert kindly made the royal a Tequila on ice with lime. Express.co.uk has approached Paramount+ and the Duke of Sussex for comment.