Wout Weghorst appeared to wave goodbye to Besiktas supporters after netting what proved to be the winning goal in their 2-1 Turkish Super Lig triumph over Kasimpasa on Saturday afternoon as links to Manchester United begin to intensify. The surprise development emerged amid reports that Old Trafford chiefs are in advanced talks to land the Holland international target man, who is currently on loan in Istanbul from Championship leaders Burnley.  Although the logistics of a potential transfer are not currently clear, it's claimed United are targeting a loan deal for Weghorst until the end of the season to bolster Erik ten Hag's attacking options following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. The 30-year-old centre-forward would bring a real physical presence to United's frontline - something he displayed when netting twice for Holland from the bench in their World Cup quarter-final penalty-shootout defeat to Argentina in Qatar. Ex-Wolfsburg striker Weghorst, who endured a rough six-month spell with Burnley in the Premier League this time last year, has found the net nine times in the Turkish top-flight for Besiktas this season since moving from Turf Moor last summer. And it appears he could now be preparing to wave a premature goodbye to the Black Eagles after he enjoyed an emotional moment with the home crowd on Saturday afternoon at Vodafone Park during the precious victory. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE After finding the target deep into first-half stoppage time, Weghorst paused in front of the fanatical Bestikas supporters and appeared to wave his hands after also blowing them a kiss and making a love heart gesture with his hands. Weghorst also tilted his head and looked as though he was on the verge of tears before kissing the crest on his shirt. The unusual, emotional celebration would suggest that a transfer could be about to materialise in the near future amid reports a deal is advanced. Express Sport has since been told by sources close to Weghorst that they won't be commenting on their client's future as speculation goes into overdrive. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileMan Utd 'submit loan bid for Vincent Aboubakar' with striker to pick between two proposalsMan Utd working on second January signing after completing Jack Butland loan transfer Besiktas boss Senol Gunes did not see Weghorst's celebration and appeared to be none the wiser over the striker's potential departure. The Black Eagles head coach said post-match: "I did not see Wout Weghorst's move and I do not know. I cannot speak what I do not know. Wout plays from the heart. He contributes. "I do not find it appropriate to talk about someone's future, there is no such thing on our agenda. We are focused on the Konyaspor match." In a timely fashion, Al-Nassr are set to terminate the contract of Cameroon striker Vincent Aboubakar following the arrival of Ronaldo in Saudi Arabia.  Aboubakar is a Besiktas icon having netted 35 goals across two different spells in Istanbul. Should Weghorst depart the club, Aboubakar could prove to be the perfect immediate replacement for the Dutchman given he is already popular amongst supporters. United are exploring the loan market for attacking reinforcements with Joao Felix another player of interest to the Old Trafford hierarchy. Arsenal are also in contention to sign Felix but Atletico Madrid will have to lower their excessive demands in order to strike a deal with either Premier League side.