A mother and son stand accused of running a brothel from their home - and paying one work sex worker by how many condoms she used each shift. Officers deployed surveillance and undercover "johns" - a street term for a sex worker's client - to investigate if Amparo Latin Barillas, 52, and Glin Yan Zuniga Latin, 28, were allegedly running the brothel from their Florida home. It followed an allegation of 15-year-old girls being used. The mother was reportedly front of the house, working the door and accepting cash payments, the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office alleged. Through their surveillance operation and undercover johns, detectives believe the son was in charge. The sheriff's office said he'd been suspected in similar situations but was never arrested. An arrest affidavit reportedly states that “johns” would come in and stump up over $50 before they were handed a card. READ MORE: Controversial Justice for Kohberger group theorises how suspected killer was 'setup' Next, they’d choose a commercial sex worker and go into a room where they’d hand over the card and perform a sex act, according to the document. Each alleged sexual exchange was limited to 15 minutes, according to police records. A sex worker interviewed by detectives at the brothel accused Barillas of telling her she had to work three days a week in which she was paid $25 for every customer, authorities said. She reportedly said she averaged between eight and 10 customers each day and would be paid based on the number of used condoms at the end of her shift. DON'T MISSHollywood has 'had enough' of 'toxic' Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Female cop fired after performing wild sex romps on duty [REPORT]Man found alive after two days 'at bottom of sea' [INSIGHT] Bank subpoenas indicated the two made regular cash deposits into their accounts, but there is no evidence they had another income. Latin and Barillas both face charges of making money from prostitution and maintaining a house of prostitution. They were arrested earlier this month. READ MORE: Married police officer ‘had on-duty sex with male colleagues, including at station’ The mother was booked last Thursday afternoon, January 12, and is still being held. Her bond was set at $30,000. The son was booked Jan 6 and spent about eight hours in jail before being released in lieu of a $5,000 bond. 