Joe Biden will not negotiate with Republicans on the debt ceiling crisis after coming close to default in 2011, former staffers have warned. Earlier in January, the US reached its debt limit of $31.4 trillion, triggering a debt suspension period which lasts until June 5. Should the deadline pass without the limit being raised, the US could default on its debt obligations, which risks plunging the US into a recession. Republicans have pressed for spending cuts from the Biden administration as a condition of raising the debt ceiling, but the President has so far refused to entertain offers. “Americans have paid into their Social Security and Medicare every single paycheck since they were 16 years old”, Biden said on Sunday. “I’m strengthening those programs. And if a piece of legislation lands on my desk that wants to gut them, I'll veto it.” On Thursday while in Virginia, he also said: “I will not let anyone use the full faith and credit of the United States as a bargaining chip.” The former Vice President’s refusal to negotiate on welfare programmes has now been explained by former staffers, who say the spectre of Barack Obama’s 2011 fight with the GOP on the debt limit has left its mark. “Nobody can use the threat of default or not increasing the debt limit as a negotiating tool,” a former Obama official involved in the fiscal discussions told NBC News. They recounted the Oval Office meeting and the “lesson of 2011” Obama, Biden and staffers all discussed. “It made you hold your stomach. You couldn’t believe you were in this situation," the official said. During Obama’s time in office 12 years ago, the US reached its debt limit and had just suffered its first credit downgrade. READ MORE: Biden vows to fight Republicans slashing spending At the time, the GOP demanded a complex deal of significant future spending cuts from the Obama administration, which then-House Speaker John Boehner had said would have cut $3 trillion to $4 trillion in spending over 10 years. However, just two years later, the debt ceiling was reached again, with discussions back and forth between the Obama administration and the GOP-controlled Congress lasting another two years. The former official then told NBC that the then-President and Biden agreed the threat of a default alone had taken a toll on the US. “They said: This is the sad lesson we’ve learned,” the Obama official said. “It was an unimaginable self-inflicted wound in 2011.” It comes as Republican Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy said he is set to meet with Biden on Wednesday to discuss the House majority's views on federal government spending, and raising the country's borrowing limit in order to avoid a debt default. "I know the President said he didn't want to have any discussions, but I think it's very important that our whole government is designed to find compromise," the Speaker said during an appearance on CBS' "Face the Nation." "I want to find a reasonable and a responsible way that we can lift the debt ceiling but take control of this runaway spending. "I don't think there's anyone in America who doesn't agree that there's some wasteful Washington spending that we can eliminate." A White House official confirmed that Biden will host McCarthy on Wednesday.