The Our Yorkshire Farm star announced she and Clive would be separating last June, and the pair stepped away from their popular Channel 5 series. While Clive and their son Reuben Owen have been back on screens in a spin-off show, Amanda hasn't yet reprised a new role in front of the cameras. However, the 48-year-old will be back and showcasing her farming skills with a new series, Amanda Owen's Farming Lives. The More4 documentary will see the mother-of-nine visiting other working farms in the UK. She'll be lifting the lid on what it's really like to work off the land and the struggles of the industry. The series was filmed after the couple's split announcement and will finally air this month. "If you’re in farming and agriculture, it’s very easy to feel like you’re unsupported, even vilified," Amanda detailed while talking about her new show. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy She went on to say it was "heartening to see how different people were making it work and how diverse modern farming is." Talking to Radio Times, she explained how she'd been stunned to meet a Welsh hill farmer using renewable energy to run his farm. "He has pretty much closed the loop on his farm by making his own electricity," she told the publication. "While the rest of us are worrying about fuel prices he wanted more electricity. "He had an electric quad bike. He was heating his chicken shed with hydro water power." She added: "For a lot of farmers, their way to be successful was to take what they were producing pretty much to sale point themselves." The new series is set amongst some of the UK’s most breathtaking landscapes, and Amanda discovers what makes each business tick as she immerses herself in six very different farms. These include lands passed down through the generations as well as others that have been taken on by families totally new to rural life. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield tells Prince Harry to 'shut up' about royals [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Dominic admits he 'wasn't meant to be' on BBC series [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice fans 'complain to Ofcom' over Ekin-Su's costume [REACTION] Amanda filmed the documentary through late nights and early mornings as she offered a helping hand to the farmers. From ploughing and milking to sorting sheep and harvesting crops, Amanda wasn't afraid to lend her expertise. Giving her thoughts on the popularity of Jeremy Clarkson's farming series, Clarkson's Farm, Amanda stated she appreciated the popular show for highlighting the struggles farmers face. Amanda and Clive, who were together for 21 years, found fame on the show, which depicts the tough nature of farm work on the isolated Ravenseat Farm. The series started in 2018 and was an instant hit with viewers, who enjoyed being updated on the farm and the large family. The Owen children, including the youngsters of the clan, all participate and do their bit on the Yorkshire Dales land, which was featured in the series. Towards the end of last year, Clive reappeared on screens in Beyond The Yorkshire Farm with the couple's oldest son, Reuben. Amanda Owen's Farming Lives premiers on January 25 at 9pm on More4.