Everton are set to test Chelsea's resolve by launching a £45million bid for Conor Gallagher as Sean Dyche lines up his first signing since taking charge at Goodison Park, according to reports. The Toffees have made an audacious move to land the England international just 30 minutes after former Burnley boss Dyche was confirmed as their new manager. The 23-year-old could be set for a late move in the transfer window after the Blues launched a British record £105m offer for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez. The Argentine's prospective arrival could persuade the west London club to accept offers for Gallagher as it would push him further down the pecking order. And the Toffees have shown they are serious in their attempts to land the Chelsea academy graduate, offering a fee which would make Gallagher their second-most expensive signing in their history, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. Gallagher is also wanted by Newcastle United and Crystal Palace, with the Magpies seeing a loan approach snubbed by Chelsea earlier in January. But the west London club may be tempted into accepting a permanent offer for Gallagher as he has only performed in a bit-part role this season. READ MORE: Everton new boss Sean Dyche could make four signings before deadline Dyche has already begun working as Everton boss despite the fact his appointment was only confirmed on Monday afternoon. The 51-year-old has been tasked with steering the Merseyside club clear of the relegation zone and clearly sees Gallagher as an important part of his plans at Goodison Park. Gallagher has made 25 appearances for the Blues in all competitions this season, scoring once and assisting one goal for his team-mates. However, only seven of his 18 Premier League outings have come from the start, with the central midfielder desperate for regular football at this stage in his career. And the lure of joining a club of Everton's stature, even when they are currently involved in a relegation battle down in 19th in the Premier League, may be too tempting to turn down for the highly-rated midfielder. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Everton will give Dyche funds to spend in the 36 hours before the transfer deadline after reluctantly allowing Anthony Gordon to join Newcastle in a £45m deal last week. And the ex-Burnley manager is also lining up a move for Rennes winger Kamaldeen Sulemana as a direct replacement Gordon. It remains to be seen whether Gallagher would be willing to leave Stamford Bridge, especially after Blues head coach Graham Potter lavished praise on the midfielder for his display in the 1-0 win over Crystal Palace. "I thought he was fantastic; great energy and great quality," said Potter after the game. "He was playing against a team he respects and likes a lot. "He’s been frustrated because he hasn’t had the game time that he would like but at the same time, he’s worked unbelievably professionally to support the team."