Nicholas Lyndhurst is well-recognised as Rodney Trotter for his acclaimed role on BBC’s hit sitcom, Only Fools and Horses. However, the actor has crossed the pond and secured a role in the upcoming Frasier sequel.  A new iteration of Frasier will soon land on Paramount Plus with Kelsey Grammer repairing his role as the beloved radio psychiatrist, Dr Frasier Crane. This time, fans will see him take on new challenges and forge new relationships as relocates to a different city. While bosses have remained tight-lipped about the details, it has been announced Nicholas will appear on the American sitcom. So far, he remains to be the only new cast member confirmed to star in the sequel. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling  According to Variety, Nicholas will star as Alan Cornwall who is described as “Frasier’s old college buddy turned university professor." “British, boozy and larger than life, Alan has an intellect on par with Frasier’s—if only he ever felt like using it. “Alan’s mischievous streak might be just what Frasier could use to shake up his routine, while Frasier’s thoughtful guidance might help Alan find some of the direction he’s been missing in his own life.”  Frasier will reunite Nicholas and Kelsey who previously starred together in Man of La Mancha for the English National Opera at the London Coliseum. Fans were thrilled to hear of the show’s return when it was first announced in 2021. At the time, Kelsey dropped a major tease about what the series would entail and suggested it would be emotional. The actor shared: “The key ingredient for the Frasier reboot is actually Frasier. It was always called that, it’s me… The key is me. I am the key.” DON'T MISS...Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector Mallory [INSIGHT]Kelsey Grammer health: Actor 'lost it' after sister and dad murdered [INSIGHT]Kelsey Grammer's unbelievable 'record' salary [INSIGHT] He revealed: “We’re in the final stages of the final script for the first episode of the Frasier reboot. It looks pretty good. “I’ve had a couple of runs through it, and I’ve cried, so you know, I’m happy.” The last time viewers saw Frasier was in 1993 when the spin-off Cheers, first premiered. It lasted 11 seasons was became an instant hit with fans and critics alike.  It followed Frasier’s return to Seattle where he continued his work as a radio psychiatrist. There he reconnected with his father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) and brother Niles (David Hyde Pierce). Jane Leeves and Peri Gilpin also appeared in the acclaimed series before it ended in 2004. While this news will be welcomed by fans, they will have to stay tuned for more details. 