In a worrying statistic for David Moyes, West Ham’s top scorer this season is Gianluca Scamacca with just three goals. The minor tally justifies why the Hammers are in the market for reinforcements in the final third, though they must avoid signing another flop. West Ham are currently 17th in the Premier League and are sitting outside of the relegation zone on goal difference alone, with arrivals this month needed to spark a reaction at the club. Expectations will be high for any signings this month and strikers have crumbled as a result. The Hammers have signed nine forwards in years gone by that were never able to open their account with the club. Express Sport takes a look at them… Mido After his season-long loan at Egyptian side Zamalek was terminated, Mido was given a chance by West Ham. The striker signed on a four-month loan in 2009 with the desire to prove he was not a ‘has been’, though the move had the opposite effect – he failed to find the back of the net in nine appearances and even missed a penalty. Benni McCarthy South Africa international Benni McCarthy joined West Ham in the summer after Mido departed, but had equally as little success at the club. He arrived at The Boleyn Ground on deadline day in 2010 but struggled from the off, being omitted from the club’s 25-man Premier League squad after three appearances before his contract expired – with McCarthy departing with a record of no goals in 14 games. Marouane Chamakh After Marouane Chamakh was deemed surplus to requirements at Arsenal, West Ham decided to take a punt on the forward and sign him on loan. It was a mistake though, as he made just three appearances for the club and failed to score or register an assist. Mladen Petric Croatia international Mladen Petric arrived at West Ham with hopes of providing solid depth up top following good spells with Borussia Dortmund and Hamburg. However, the target man made only three appearances for the club before it was agreed that he was not up to standard, being released just four months later with zero goals to his name. Marco Borriello After spending his entire career previously in Italy, Marco Borriello decided to leave his comfort zone and head to England. It wasn’t meant to be for the Italy international though, making only two substitute appearances for the club before a major calf injury ruled him out for the rest of his loan spell at the club. Nene Having spent time at Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco previously, Nene wasn’t expected to look out of place in the Premier League despite arriving as a free agent. However, it took the Brazilian just a year to be without a club again after failing to find the back of the net in eight appearances. Simone Zaza West Ham signed Simone Zaza on a loan to buy deal from Juventus in 2016, which would see them have to fork out £17.5million for his services after a certain amount of appearances. That clause was not met though, much to the delight of supporters given that he failed to score in 11 appearances. Jordan Hugill West Ham managed to fend off the challenge of their Premier League rivals to secure the signature of Jordan Hugill in 2018 for £10m. However, it quickly became apparent that he would never justify that fee. Three goalless Premier League appearances was all it took for the Hammers to begin putting plans in place to offload the forward, with two Championship loan spells being sanctioned. Albian Ajeti Another player that never justified a fair price tag was Albian Ajeti, who joined the club from Basel for £8m. The Switzerland international made nine league appearances for the club before being sold to Celtic for £5m.