The clip, which earned thousands of views on TikTok, shows the guard loitering outside the Royal Family's residence at Windsor Castle. The guard, who filmed the clip himself, can be heard saying: "I am currently standing outside Windsor Castle." The guard added: "I'm meant to be looking after the Royal Family. Currently staring at two ducks." He is then heard saying: "Do I care? No." The short video collected a lot of comments on the social media platform, with one user, commenting: "How to make yourself really unpopular at work really quick." The King hosted his first annual Christmas meal for the Royal Family at Windsor Castle last week. READ MORE: King Charles' coronation could be 'invalidated' due to his affair with Camilla The year's annual tradition saw the Royal Family join together for their first festive period since the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September. Due to the Covid pandemic, it was the first time that the traditional gathering had taken place since 2019. Many members of the Royal Family were in attendance, including the Charles' youngest brother, Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The lunch usually takes place on the Wednesday before Christmas at Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Swedish royals to spend most of 2023 celebrating Golden Jubilee of King Carl XVI Gustaf However, the choice to hold the lunch in Windsor, as well as having a new monarch, saw the Royal Family break away from tradition for the 2022 festive period. The first to arrive was King Charles III, shortly followed by the Queen Consort. The Earl and Countess of Wessex were joined by their daughter Lady Louise. DON'T MISS King Charles's coronation backed by Brits as poll shows huge support [REVEAL]Prince Harry offensive is in danger of burnout – EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry use Oprah comment to moan about size of royal cottage [INSIGHT] The 19-year-old, and youngest granddaughter of the late monarch, has spent the majority of her life out of the spotlight, thanks to her parents who desired to give her and her younger brother as normal of a childhood as possible. Notably absent were the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their two children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet, who remained in the US. In keeping with tradition, the Royal Family attended the annual church service, in Windsor, on Christmas Day. The Prince and Princess of Wales were joined by their three children. The walk marked four-year-old Prince Louis's Christmas Day public debut.