Supermarket Tesco recalled the Tesco Creamfields Grated Cheddar due to health concerns as the item "may contain small pieces of plastic". The grated cheese is therefore "unsafe to eat" and customers have been asked to return the product and to "not eat it". Creamfields Grated Cheddar Pack size 500g Best before March 23, 2023 READ MORE: 'Huge' price hike sees shoppers boycott Tesco item 'on principle'  Tesco issued a recall notice to shoppers to explain why the product is being withdrawn from its shelves and advised them not to consume it if they have bought it. Instead, customers should return it to the store for a full refund, and for this, no receipt is required. If shoppers require any further information, they can contact Tesco Customer Services on 0800 505 555. However, Tesco is not the only supermarket recalling food and drinks as Aldi recently issued a warning over its Harvest Morn High Protein Bars.  The supermarket explained that the protein bars are being recalled because allergens "may not be emphasised on the label". The product could contain "milk and/or peanuts and/or soya" which may not be included on the label and this poses a serious health risk. Consuming the protein bar can be very dangerous for those with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, an allergy to peanuts or soya. Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter and Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' Marks and Spencer is another retailer which issued an urgent recall regarding its Belgian Dark Chocolate Bar because of "undeclared milk". The supermarket explained that some packs contain milk and this is not mentioned on the label. The chocolate bar is a possible health risk for anyone who has an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents and should therefore be returned and not be consumed. Marks and Spencer Belgian Dark Chocolate Bar Product code barcode 29087570 Pack size 180g Best before November 9, 2023