  Dancing On Ice presenter Holly Willoughby, 41, still had her hair rollers in when she was forced to evacuate the studios and stand outside in the cold. Rehearsals were interrupted after the fire alarm went off, show officials have confirmed.      The whole cast of the popular ITV show were forced to flee the studio following the fire scare. The show's creative director Dan Whiston explained: "Last weekend, the entire Dancing on Ice cast, production and crew had to evacuate the studio after a fire alarm went off. "Many of the celebrities, including Holly, had to brave the cold weather outside whilst safety checks were carried out. "The alarm sounded, and everyone sped outside into the car park. We were show mid-preparation when it happened, so quite a few of us weren’t even fully dressed, and Holly still had her hair rollers in. READ MORE: Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms     "Luckily it turned out to be a false alarm triggered by some curling tongs… but you could say it was a bit of a hairy situation for a while,” he told The Sun. Holly presents Dancing On Ice alongside her This Morning co-host Phillip Schofield, 60. The star presented the show from 2006 to 2011, before returning to host it again from 2018 up until the present series. This year, the returning judges include Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean, Ashley Banjo and former Strictly Come Dancing professional Oti Mabuse.     Last night, the show’s remaining contestants took to the ice once more in a bid to try and impress the judging panel. However, a twist in the evening’s proceedings meant that there was no skate-off during the episode. Therefore, the stars were largely left at the mercy of the judges' scores and, with the lowest numbers of the night, Michelle Heaton was the latest star to leave the competition. For musicals week, the celebrities transformed into well-known characters from the West End. READ MORE... Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman [LATEST] A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' [UPDATE] James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments     This saw Michelle and her partner Łukasz Różycki perform to All That Jazz from Chicago, which earned them a dismal score of 20. The pair ended up at the bottom of the leaderboard, underneath EastEnders star Patsy Palmer who had the first fall on the ice this series. However, many viewers were impressed by Michelle and took to social media to air their frustrations. In the end, Michelle became the second person to be eliminated after not receiving enough votes from the public or judges behind former footballer John Fashanu.      The Liberty X star told Phillip and Holly she was “gutted” to be leaving, adding: “I’ve loved every second of it. “[Łukasz] has just been amazing and I’m so sorry it got cut short,” she added. Other celebrity skaters who performed this weekend included Hollyoaks actress Carley Stenson, Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and TV personality Joey Essex. Dancing On Ice returns next Sunday at 6.25pm on ITV.   