Chelsea have paid tribute to Gianluca Vialli following his death at the age of 58. The former Italy striker has passed away following a battle with cancer. Vialli joined Chelsea in 1996 and won the FA Cup in his first season in England. He became player-manager in 1998 and won the League Cup and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, combining his roles on and off the pitch. He hung up his boots in 1999 after scoring 40 goals in 87 appearances and continued as manager on a full-time basis. The Italian went on to lead the Blues to the FA Cup again in 2000 before leaving later that year. Chelsea posted their tribute to Vialli on Twitter shortly after his death was announced. The message was accompanied by an image of Vialli and read: "You’ll be missed by so many. A legend to us and to all of football. Rest in peace, Gianluca Vialli." Chelsea chairman Todd Boehly and co-controlling owner Behdad Eghbali said: "This is truly an awful day for Chelsea Football Club. Gianluca’s legend will live on at Stamford Bridge. His impact as a player, a coach and most importantly as a person, will be forever written across our club’s history. We send our heartfelt and deepest condolences to his family and friends." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Vialli was first diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2017. He was given the all-clear three years later but was told in late 2021 that the illness had returned. Another of his former clubs has also paid tribute. Vialli had his most successful spell as a player at Sampdoria and the Italian club have posted an image from his time at the club, with a heartbroken emoji and the message: "Ciao Luca." Vialli won the Champions League with Juventus in 1996. And the Old Lady have tweeted a picture of him lifting the trophy, also writing "Ciao Gianluca." Watford were the only other club Vialli managed. And the Championship side have posted their tribute to him. DON'T MISSChelsea star warned he may 'never play again' for Potter after Man City lossTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out  The Hornets' official Twitter account wrote: "All at Watford FC are saddened to learn of the passing of our former manager Gianluca Vialli. Our thoughts are with his family and friends." Another Italian club, Udinese, have also paid their respects. Udinese tweeted: "A great man, a winner and a fighter on and off the pitch. You left us way too soon but we will never forget your example and your class. Ciao Gianluca." Italian football reporter Fabrizio Romano has also given his reaction to the news. He tweeted: "Italian legend Gianluca Vialli has sadly passed away at the age of 58, after his brave battle with cancer. "A kind guy, a fantastic striker, a real man appreciated by everyone in football and outside sports world. Thoughts go out to his family. RIP, Gianluca."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here