Police have identified a "potentially key witness" in the search for missing mum, Nicola Bulley. Lancashire Police said they are keen to find a man believed to have been in the area at the time Ms Bulley was last seen. The force described the man as aged around 70, white, around six feet tall, who was walking a "small white fluffy dog". In a statement, the force said: "We are especially keen to find a witness we believe was in the area at the time Nicola went missing. "He is described as a man aged around 70, white, six ft tall, well-built who was walking a small white fluffy dog on a lead. "He spoke to a woman in the area before walking in the direction of Rowanwater. If this is you, or if you know who this could be, please get in touch." Mother-of-two Nicola Bulley, 45, went missing last Friday morning - with her mobile phone found on a bench near to where she was last seen on a towpath by the River Wyre in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. Immediately before going missing, Ms Bulley was walking her dog, springer spaniel Willow, who was found loose between the river and bench. Nicola is described as white, 5 ft 3 inches, with light brown shoulder-length hair and speaks with an Essex accent. Police said she was last seen wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellies and her hair was tied in a ponytail. The mum-of-two's family said they have been "overwhelmed" by support, thanking everyone for working to find Nicola. In a statement, they said: “The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. “We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their enquiries.” On Monday police said they believe Nicola had gone missing rather than any crime being committed. It was also revealed that she had been dialed into a work conference at the time of her disappearance, with a passerby finding her phone. READ MORE: Woman mauled to death by eight dogs died from 'multiple bites to neck'  Superintendent Sally Riley said: “We remain extremely concerned for Nicola and we continue to do everything we can to try and find her and to provide some answers for her family who are obviously beside themselves with worry. I must stress at this time that this remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. “We appreciate there is also a great deal of concern in the local community, and we appreciate people want to help. However, parts of the riverbank are treacherous, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised. “If anybody has any questions or concerns, they are welcome to speak to officers in the area.”  A massive search has been launched as specialist search officers were seen on Monday on a small boat trawling on the river. Nicola was last seen near Garstang Road in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire, and police said the search would continue for her. Anybody who has seen Nicola, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 473 of January 27th. For immediate sightings please call 999.