Piers Morgan, 57, has said that Prince Harry, 38, “finally admitted” there was “no racism” against his wife Meghan Markle, 41, from members of the Royal Family. His bold claim follows Prince Harry’s latest interview on ITV, where he fiercely defended his new, tell-all memoir, Spare. The presenter dramatically exited Good Morning Britain back in March, 2021 following an on-air spat about the Duchess of Sussex.  “Now he’s finally admitted there was no racism, two questions,” he continued. “a) Do I get my old job back? b) Why should we believe a word they say?” (sic)    Express.co.uk have contacted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s representatives for comment. Piers’ comments come after Prince Harry surprised some ITV viewers by explaining that he would not describe his family’s behaviour as racist. Sitting down with journalist Tom Bradby for an interview in his California home, he spoke about the infamous incident involving his son Archie as he promoted his explosive new memoir, Spare. “Did Meghan ever mention that they’re racist?” he asked Tom in the interview that took place on December 20. “She said there were troubling comments about Archie’s skin colour,” the broadcaster replied. “There was—there was concern about his skin colour,” Prince Harry confirmed. READ MORE... James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career [INSIGHT]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz [NEWS]Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs [NEWS] “Right, wouldn’t you describe that as essentially racist?” Tom questioned. “I wouldn’t, not having lived within that family,” the royal added before going on to explain his views on “the difference between racism and unconscious bias.” In 2021, the Duchess of Sussex claimed that racist treatment she received while working as a senior member of the royal family left her feeling suicidal in a sit down interview with her husband in her headline-making interview with TV host Oprah Winfrey. Questioning the credibility of Meghan’s claims, Piers told 1.9 million Good Morning Britain viewers at the time: “I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said, Meghan Markle. I wouldn’t believe it if she read me a weather report.” His ITV co-star Alex Beresford went on to suggest during the show that Piers’ response was due to him having some sort of personal vendetta against her. During the exchange, Alex said: "I understand you’ve got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle, or had one, and she cut you off. "She’s entitled to cut you off if she wants to. Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? I don’t think she has, but yet you continue to trash her." When Piers furiously left the studio, Alex was heard saying: “This is pathetic. Absolutely diabolical behaviour.” Meanwhile, Piers told Express.co.uk at the time that he would not speak to Alex again as he reflected on his departure from the programme.