A French hunter who shot a British man dead after mistaking him for a wild boar has avoided prison after being sentenced on Thursday. Morgan Keane, 25, was mistakenly shot dead as he cut wood outside his home in Garrigue, north of Toulouse on December 2, 2020. His death took place on private land and led locals to call for tighter controls on hunting in the area. Hunting supporters insisted it was essential in maintaining deer and wild boar populations. In court, the shooter, Julien Féral, 35, admitted to having accidentally killed Keane after opening fire despite having "not clearly identified" the target. Investigators concluded that he didn’t know the terrain and had been positioned in a poorly chosen spot with no clear instructions. "There isn’t a day I don’t think about it, it’s marked me for life. I’m sorry," Féral told judges in the southwestern town of Cahors at the November opening of his trial for involuntary manslaughter. He was handed a two year suspended sentence and banned from hunting for life. Relatives of the victim were disappointed with the outcome and hoped he would serve prison time.  The court also gave Laurent Lapergue, 51, the hunt leader, an 18-month suspended sentence and a five-year hunting ban for flouting basic safety rules during a “disorganised and intrinsically dangerous hunt”. They said it had been so poorly planned and executed that “this tragic involuntary homicide was a foregone conclusion”. The two men were also ordered to pay €15,000 in damages to Keane’s brother for “moral prejudice”. The sentences were lighter than those called for by prosecutors who had asked for both men to spend six months in jail beyond their suspended sentences.  READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm “The message has been sent that if you kill someone, there are absolutely no consequences,” said Peggy, a friend of Keane’s, who did not give her last name. "I know he isn’t necessarily a danger to the public, but for me you have to send a message that killing someone isn’t nothing,” she added. Ahead of the trial, a lawyer for the Keane family had accused the hunting party of playing down Morgan’s death because of his British roots. “The fact that the Keane brothers’ dad was English appears to have made this homicide less serious in their eyes,” said Benoît Coussy, lawyer for Keane’s younger brother Rowan. In court, he added: “Morgan’s life ended in the forest where he went to cut wood. But the story didn’t start there but several years before when Morgan’s father politely asked hunters to go elsewhere to shoot. He was a foreigner and at the same time not a hunter and the hunting world is quite ferocious. If you are not a hunter it means you are against hunting. “Morgan and Rowan’s father asked the hunt to go further away, but they came back, bigger and better time and time again. Why didn’t they go to the valley where there are kilometres to hunt?”   DON'T MISS:Meet General Gerasimov, Putin's new top commander in Ukraine [PICTURES]MPs blast 'meaningless' new pact with EU as Brexit deal wreaks havoc [INSIGHT]Prince Harry lays bare how fighter jet sent after father Charles' car [COMMENT] In unusually strong words, Willy Schraen, president of France’s national hunting federation, FNC, had called for “an exemplary conviction” for hunters who failed “to respect elementary rules”.  The verdict came three days after Emmanuel Macron’s government pledged tighter rules against hunting under the influence of drugs or alcohol, boosting training and safety requirements. The launch of an application providing real-time alerts to walkers and other countryside dwellers of active hunting zones was also announced. Under the new rules, hunters involved in a serious accident risk losing their licences. 