 The 38-year-old said: “There was a motto, a family motto, of ‘never complain, never explain’ and what people have realised now through the Netflix documentary and numerous stories coming out over the years is that was just a motto. “There was a lot of complaining and there was a lot of explaining and it continues now." Prince Harry added: “But for me, I sit here now, speaking to you, answering the questions you put to me and the words and the truth will come from my lips rather than using other people, especially through the tabloid media.” During his tell-all interview, the Duke of Sussex also discussed the death of his mother Princess Diana, Queen Consort Camilla’s role in the Royal Family and his relationship with Prince William. JUST IN: Prince Harry lays bare why he chose to tell his story now in latest interview Taking aim at the Firm later in his interview, Harry claimed: “No institution is immune to accountability or taking responsibility. “So, you can’t be immune to criticism either. “And you talk about, you know, scrutiny and, you know, my wife and I were scrutinised more than, probably, anybody else. “I see a lack of scrutiny to my family towards a lot of the things that have happened in the last year.” READ MORE: Harry says it 'did not need to be this way' after 'years trying to get through to family' He added: “Though I would like to have reconciliation, I would like accountability, I’ve managed to make peace over this time with a lot of things that have happened. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m just gonna let it go. “You know, I’ve made peace with it, but I still would like reconciliation. “And not only would that be wonderful for us but it would be fantastic for them as well.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION]Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED]   Prince Harry’s interview with ITV comes just hours before CBS’ Anderson Cooper will air a separate conversation at midnight (7pm EST). The Duke of Sussex will also appear on Good Morning America with Michael Strahan on Monday at midday (7am EST). The father-of-two will feature in the three interviews just days before his Megxit memoir ‘Spare’ will hit the shelves on January 10. Segments of his autobiography were leaked earlier this week, including an alleged incident involving his brother Prince William at Nottingham Cottage in 2019. 