Speaking in a new interview, Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen opened up about a recent medical emergency which led to the mum of nine calling an air ambulance to Ravenseat Farm. The reality star lives on the farm with her ex-husband Clive Owen and nine children, although, one of the drawbacks is that they are located far away from a hospital or doctor. Amanda's admission came as she recalled how she has ended up giving birth on the side of the road more than once because she couldn't make it to the hospital. She explained six of her nine children were born at the side of the road. "The problem was that we talked about levelling up, but actually, everything was moving further away from us," Amanda began as she opened up about giving birth to her eighth child at home. "Hospital services and everything else, and I decided that as they'd move the goalposts and the hospital was rather further away, that actually I wouldn't even set off this time. It was great." READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap Discussing the incident which happened at Christmas, Amanda added to Times Radio: "Three weeks before Christmas, we had another medical emergency on the farm. "And that was a scary one whereby one of the children was taken ill and that involved a helicopter coming, the air ambulance coming to pick us up. "People say it must be amazing living rural, living the way you do." "That's one of the drawbacks right," she went on to say. Reassuring that her children were well, the 48-year-old said "Everything is absolutely alright. "But yeah, it was a scary moment." It was recently announced that Our Yorkshire Farm had come to an end and that Clive and their eldest son Reuben would feature in their own Channel 5 farming programme. Amanda is also about to make her debut in her own Channel 4 show. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [VIDEO]Vera sparks frenzy as fans spot Brenda Blethyn's family link in series [REACTION]Dancing on Ice 'double standards' row over The Vivienne's outfit [INSIGHT] When asked whether her children dislike the rural life, she laughed: "Well they haven't said so. "They haven't mentioned it yet. But they're quite within their rights if they decide they want nothing more to do with farming. "We bring them up to be independent, free-thinking kids who have to make their own choices. "When Raven went to university I always pointed out that if she only had a pound in a pocket, not to ever buy sausages. "And she must definitely go vegetarian, or even vegan, I don't mind. "They're their own people. They have their own way of thinking. "We are there literally to lead them and give them hopefully some life lessons that will set them up fantastically for whatever they want to be, not just farmers."