Kelsey Grammer, 76, who was raised in New Jersey, and later relocated to Florida, has been visiting the UK for years and is now moving to his wife's hometown of Portishead, Somerset. Kelsey has been married to his wife Kayte Walsh, 44, since 2011 and they share three children together. Kelsey has announced he has decided to move to the UK in order to be closer to his wife Kayte's family. He told ITV News: "Well I'm actually married to a young woman called Kayte Walsh, now Kayte Grammer of course, and she is the daughter of Alan Walsh, a fairly well-known soccer player. "We spent a lot of time in Portishead because that's where they live." He was then asked about the decision behind the big move, with the Hollywood actor admitting it was because of his wife. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home Kelsey continued: "Well honestly it's because it's close to the family. "We found this lovely little spot driving home last August and we just thought 'This could work, this is nice!' "We like the area a lot, it's a beautiful, beautiful view and a nice little walk down to the beach and I'm looking forward to doing a little writing there." Kayte is the daughter of former Bristol City footballer Alan Walsh and Kelsey has been spotted watching a few matches in the local town over the years. In 2014, Bristol Rovers had a touch of Hollywood in its crowd as Frasier star Kelsey gave his support during their 2-1 defeat to Rochdale. This comes as Frasier was confirmed for a reboot with rehearsals starting in "a couple of weeks", with the show possibly airing as early as July. Only Fools and Horses star Nicholas Lyndhurst has been cast in the reboot after Kelsey branded him as "one of the funniest people I've ever worked with". Kelsey explained that he met the "magnificent" Lyndhurst when they appeared together in Man Of La Mancha at the London Coliseum in 2019. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Julian Sands 'didn't want to be star' when he picked 'grotesque' role [HOLLYWOOD] Screaming Trees' Van Conner tragically dies after 'extended illness' [DEATH] He said of their time working together: "I fell in love. "I adore him and he's one of the funniest people I've ever worked with, and I accuse him of being a bit of a sandbagger because you don't see him coming and all of a sudden he's getting all the laughs." The new Frasier will be Lyndhurst's first screen role since his son, Archie, died at the age of 19 in 2020 after battling leukaemia. Speaking of the British star's new character, Kelsey said: "It suddenly occurred to me when we were putting the show together, we've never really seen Frasier in a relationship where he has a great friend. "He had Niles, of course, but he was his brother and there was a competition underscoring everything they did, and a family connection that got them through some difficulties. "But this real friendship thing is something we've not seen Frasier in... So we're discovering a man who is still discovering himself, and that is what I find interesting to play." Frasier remains as one of the USA's most successful TV sitcoms, having run for 11 seasons between 1993 and 2004. It won a total of 37 Emmy Awards, including five for best comedy series.