Southampton's Premier League game against Aston Villa was forced to be temporarily halted by the referee after a drone was spotted flying over the stadium at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon. Players from both teams were ordered off the pitch after the flying object entered the stadium and hovered above the pitch, giving the referee no option but to take the players off. With the score goalless on the South Coast, the game was interrupted just before half time as referee Michael Salisbury was alerted to the suspicious drone flying around the pitch. Fans were seen pointing to the top of the Chapel End stand above Gavin Bazunu's goal and there was an issue with the digital clock on the big screen too, which may have contributed to the match being halted. The decision was taken to bring the players off the field while security staff attempted to clear the flying object from the arena, with captains James Ward-Prowse and Emiliano Martinez consulted, along with managers Nathan Jones and Unai Emery. READ MORE: Aston Villa ace Leon Bailey in tears after miss of the season The drone hovered high above the ground, making it difficult for security staff to remove it from being a distraction for the players. Eventually, after around 12 minutes of delay, play resumed with a long amount of stoppage time added on at the end of the first half, although only two minutes were officially added on as the clock did not stop while play was suspended. It did nothing to spark the game into excitement, however, as both sides went into the break level with the deadlock yet to broken, as strugglers Southampton desperately aimed to end their poor run of form. LATEST PREMIER LEAGUE NEWSFerguson sends classy message ahead of Klopp's milestoneTottenham may request one of four Man Utd players in Kane swapMan Utd takeover hopeful Ratcliffe given 'advice' over bid It is not the first time drones have proved to be a nuisance in the Premier League after the rise in use of the advanced carrier technology. Only in January last year, Brentford's match against Wolves was also called to a brief halt while security staff attempted to remove a drone from the Bees' stadium. In that game, the referee also took the players off amid safety concerns before play later continued. And on Friday, it emerged that Leicester City had claimed that drones had been allegedly spotted spying on their training sessions ahead of their clash against Brighton and Hove Albion, according to The Mirror.