Lewis Hamilton may be defeated by George Russell for a second season in 2023, warns Mika Hakkinen. The former McLaren star has warned the country may throw its weight behind Russell if he edges the seven-time champion for a second season. Hamilton finished 25 points behind Russell in the standings after failing to close up on the former William’s star’s early season advantage. Russell was only the third driver to beat Hamilton over the course of an F1 season in 15 years, behind Jenson Button and Nico Rosberg. Russell also secured the team’s only win of the season after a commanding performance at the Brazilian Grand Prix. Hakkinen told Top Gear Magazine: “What he did in Brazil, it was brilliant. The team has improved the car massively, so they can win races. Is he able to continue that trend? “If he can keep with that experience what he has in Mercedes, and experience what he has in Formula One in general, he can keep Lewis behind. It’s really impressive. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton complaints forced Mercedes to make factory changes “Because Lewis is incredible. Incredible personality, incredible driver. So if George can go for it, then I think England can look like ‘Wow, what a driver we have.” Russell’s consistency played a key role in his success with the 24-year-old finishing in the top five at almost every race of the season. Hamilton bounced back in the middle of the year but was unable to mount enough of a challenge to surpass his team-mate's tally. Russell stressed he was happy to have beaten Hamilton but admitted the momentum changed mid-season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton 'anger' made F1 rivals believe Brit would retire [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and co warned over F1 ban as FIA send another message [ANALYSIS]Helmut Marko warns of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'fear' [COMMENT] He explained: “If you told me that at the start of the season [I'd finish ahead], I would have been incredibly proud and incredibly happy with that, because nine times out of 10 if you finish ahead of Lewis Hamilton, you're probably going to be World Champion. We've all had our own difficulties. I've no doubt that he's going to be probably back to his normal level next year. "I think he had a very difficult start to the season when things weren't really going smoothly for him, and they were probably going a bit smoother for me. That kind of swung around a little bit [in] the second half of the season, but looking back on the season as a whole, it probably balanced itself out."