Chelsea and Tottenham transfer target Milan Skriniar is stalling on contract talks with Inter Milan, according to reports in Italy. The Serie A giants are keen to keep the defender and have made several attempts to extend his deal, which ends in June. Inter are reported to have made a £5m per-year extension offer to Skriniar. However, the Nerazzurri are ‘pessimistic’ about keeping one of their star players beyond the summer.  There has been frequent contact between the club and the player’s representatives over the last few months. Inter have been desperate to extend the 27-year-old’s contract. But there is now a mutual feeling that the two sides are ‘moving away’ and that Skriniar will depart in the summer transfer window. He has had interest from Chelsea, Spurs and clubs abroad. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Skriniar appears set to leave the club after six years in Milan. Paris Saint-Germain are apparently monitoring the situation ahead of their own pursuit of the Slovakia international. JUST IN: Arsenal fans slam FA and worry about Tottenham after Zinchenko warning PSG want to sign the centre-back in the summer but could have strong competition from Chelsea and Spurs. Both London clubs have previously been linked with the player, who has a wealth of European and international experience. Chelsea have been long-term admirers and were interested in a move when Skriniar was still a Sampdoria player in 2016-17. Spurs have since come into the equation since Antonio Conte’s appointment as head coach. Conte and Skriniar helped Inter win their first Serie A title in 10 years during the 2020-21 campaign. But the 53-year-old coach left soon after and was appointed as Spurs boss in November 2021. The north Londoners have since been linked with Skriniar in each of the transfer windows that Conte has overseen. The Italian is desperate to strengthen his defence and could do so in January and in the summer. DON'T MISS...Four worst debuts in football after Joao Felix's Chelsea horror showFPL injury news - Nunez latest, Chelsea's injury chaos, Man Utd doubtsChelsea’s decision on Mudryk transfer as Felix faces ban However, Skriniar could be put off a potential reunion with Conte as the Spurs boss’ own deal expires in the summer. Talks are ongoing over a new contract but the former Inter and Juventus boss has been linked with a departure just 18 months after taking the job. Conte said on his future in December: "I think I would like also in the future to not speak about this matter in the press conference because I think it is much more important the game we are going to play. "But what I can tell you is I am really happy in the club, to work here and I have a really good relationship with the club. We talk every day with the club and try to find in every situation the best solution. "But I think we have six months to stay together, to enjoy the situation and then we find, I repeat, the best solution. But I am really happy here. This is very, very important for me."