Chelsea's capture of Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk has been voted the best signing of the January transfer window, according to a poll. The big-spending Blues have caught the eye with a flurry of new signings this month and the arrival of Mudryk has proved to be the most popular of the new faces joining the Premier League, with Manchester United beaten to the punch. The English top-flight is set for a record month of spending as clubs aim to bolster their squads before the January 31 deadline, with Chelsea alone spending over £150million to revitalise Graham Potter's squad. And there could be more additions yet as the ambitious west London side chase a midfielder and right-back. With the end of the transfer window fast approaching, Express Sport asked readers to pick their best January signing from a choice of six players. And with 13,290 responses to the poll, over half - 50.2 per cent to be exact - chose Mudryk as the best signing of the window. The 22-year-old arrived in a £88million transfer from Shakhtar on an eight-and-a-half-year contract, with the Blues beating Arsenal to his signature after weeks of speculation. READ MORE: Chelsea ace Mudryk backed to surpass Hazard after exciting debut And that may prove to be a smart choice after the Ukrainian lit up Anfield with a sublime 35-minute cameo from the bench to mark his debut. Mudryk didn't score but he came close on two occasions to finding the back of the net and bamboozled the Liverpool defence with some masterful trickery. Unsurprisingly, Chelsea also edged out United in the battle to be named the best operators in the transfer market after taking 46.1 per cent, ahead of the Red Devils on 40.9 per cent. The two clubs were some distance clear of Nottingham Forest (5.7), Wolves (3.2) and Liverpool (2.1). Clearly, there is some hope that Liverpool's blockbuster January signing, Cody Gakpo, will come good after the Dutchman's slow start to life at Anfield, with 13.8 per cent of the vote choosing the £50m Dutchman as the best acquisition of the window behind Mudryk. DON'T MISS Redknapp disagrees with Ferdinand on Mudryk after winGerrard's Robben comparison for Mudryk may be bad news for ChelseaMan Utd board's verdict on Mudryk transfer after being offered deal It seems like such a long time ago that Chelsea secured the loan signing of Joao Felix, who made an immediate impression on his debut against Fulham before receiving a red card. The Portuguese signed on loan until the end of the season from Atletico Madrid in a costly £9m deal. Still, our readers believe the Portuguese will prove to be a hit with 13.6 per cent of the vote, although he will continue to serve his ban for the next match. Weghorst was the next highest on the list but the Dutchman, despite scoring his first goal for the club in the Carabao Cup semi-final on Wednesday, only attracted 12.3 per cent of votes. Pablo Sarabia and Danilo only received a minor share after joining Wolves and Forest respectively.