Prince Harry has been warned there is a "very real risk" attempts to write a follow-up to his memoir will not be met with the same level of support as Spare. The Duke of Sussex hinted at the possibility of adding to his already-explosive assessment of life as a senior member of the Royal Family when he admitted he saved up on material when writing his autobiography. But memoir-writing expert Rutger Bruining noted readers have a tendency to "grow tired" with a person's story and could snub the Duke's further attempts to present his side of the story. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Bruining said: "The first book of any series is usually the most successful. "There is always the risk that readers will grow tired of reading more of the same, especially if the memoirist doesn't appear to be reaching any point of catharsis or closure and is just airing out grievances or gossip." He added: "Yes, there is a very real risk of the public losing interest in Harry, especially, if as I said before, whatever further revelations he might share in future sequels seem petty, or just a settling of scores. "Despite enormous sales worldwide, there is – at least in the UK – a vocal contingent of people who are highly critical of what Harry has done, who feel he is out of touch with the cost-of-living challenges the average person is experiencing, and that his memoir just further proves that 'people like him' are different from 'people like us'." JUST IN: Royal Family 'delighted' as Princess Eugenie reveals she is expecting second child But the StoryTerrace founder also suggested Prince Harry's choice to delve into his experience as a royal by writing a memoir could have helped him add "more weight" to his claims. He said: "He obviously feels the public has a misconstrued opinion of him (and Meghan) and he's used his memoir and accompanying media appearances to set the record straight, or at least present his side of the story. "Writing is a form of light therapy for many people. It's not surprising that Harry would feel the same way." Despite the success of the book, Prince Harry's popularity has suffered a significant blow, with recent polls showing support both in the UK and in the United States plunged following the release of Spare. READ MORE: Royal Family have 'pulled a blinder' as Harry and Meghan 'plan' fails   The Duke added: "But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. “Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me. Now you could argue that some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway." In a series of promotional interviews ahead of Spare's publication, Prince Harry reiterated his disappointment with the Royal Family over their perceived inability to make his wife Meghan Markle feel welcome following their marriage. He also offered further insight into his ongoing feud with Prince William, branding the Prince of Wales both his "darling brother" and "archnemesis" when discussing him in his book.