When deciding on a gift for his youngest nephew, Prince Harry was inspired by memories of his late-mother Princess Diana. Diana’s youngest son has frequently spoken of his heart-warming memories of his childhood and wished to pass these on in some way. The former Princess of Wales had a passion for collecting the first editions of classic books and decided to carry on this tradition with his nephews and niece. The 38-year-old reportedly spent £8,000 on Louis to purchase an original 1926 copy of A.A Milne’s Winnie the Pooh. In the first publication of the book, only 30,000 copies were made and it is understood the Prince purchased one of these rare books. A friend of the Duke of Sussex said that books played a key part in Harry’s favourite childhood memories. “One of Harry’s happiest childhood memories was being read a bedtime story by his mother,” the friend said. They added: “She loved all the old classics and Harry had the brilliant idea of starting a little library of first editions for Louis, Charlotte and George to enjoy as they get older. “He originally wanted to get Lewis Carroll’s Through the Looking Glass, which was on sale for £24,000, but decided Winnie-The-Pooh would be more suitable for a first tome. “Robinson Crusoe was William’s favourite book, but Harry loved all things A.A Milne.” Harry and Louis have been regularly compared from their similar sense of humour to their passions. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes 'I'll puke' over Harry attending King's coronation During the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June, the youngest Cambridge stole the show with his cheeky personality which was likened to Harry as a child. Meanwhile, the Princess of Wales has also revealed that her son and his uncle share the same passion for sports. Kate met with England’s wheelchair rugby league team to celebrate their World Cup title and discussed her son’s love of the sport. She said: “Louis is mad about rugby." Meanwhile, Harry wrote in his memoir ‘Spare’ that “rugby captured my heart”. “Beautiful game, plus a good excuse to run into stuff very hard,” he wrote. DON'T MISS:US general warns British Army no longer top-level fighting force (INSIGHT)Sixth police officer 'relieved of duty' over Tyre Nichols beating (REVEAL)Abandoned newborn baby found 'screaming' on a hill (INSIGHT) The public are keen to know what roles the Cambridge children will play in the King’s coronation in May. It is said the young royals will feature “more prominently” than others, though it is unclear if Louis will be deemed old enough to take part in the event. Commentator Katie Nicholl said: “The ceremony will likely highlight the line of succession, with William, Kate, and their children featured more prominently than other members of the family.” The three day spectacular will see King Charles and Queen Camilla officially crowned at Westminster Abbey, a major concert at Windsor Castle, and a day dedicated to service.