Chelsea are reportedly in a ‘strong position’ regarding Financial Fair Play (FFP) despite their relentless spending over the past 12 months. The Blues took their spending beyond £445million last week by hijacking Arsenal’s move for Mykhaylo Mudryk, signing him on a deal that could reach £88m. Boehly’s spending spree has left many questioning when Chelsea will receive a slap on the wrist and be forced to reassess their recruitment strategy. However, that appears unlikely to arrive in the near future despite reports of Graham Potter demanding at least two more signings this month. Finance expert Kieran Maguire has told the Daily Mail that the Blues do not need to be fearful of FFP because the club are in a ‘strong’ position and conducting their business in a way that will not damage that. Clubs are allowed to lose approximately £105m (unless adjusted for other spending, such as on the women’s team, etc) over a ‘rolling three-year period’, though recently the Premier League granted clubs allowances due to the Covid pandemic. Fans not being allowed into stadiums mixed with limited memorabilia sales and increasing prices meant that Chelsea were able to claim £190m in ‘Covid-related costs’. Aware that spending big in the short-term would be costly, the Stamford Bridge outfit have also been using amortisation to their advantage – handing players very long-term deals knowing that the transfer fee is spread equally across those years. Thus, Mudryk penning an eight-and-a-half deal and Benoit Badiashile joining on a six-and-a-half year contract means that their do not cause the annual costs to soar. Questions have been raised of why Potter is so keen to plug holes in his squad when Chelsea have such a talented academy, though it is the sale of those players that have struggled to break into the first-team previously that have helped the Blues limit their losses. The Blues are able to cut their losses - quite literally - by selling academy products for significant fees – with Tammy Abraham (£36m) and Fikayo Tomori (£26.5m) recent examples of that. Additionally, selling players whilst their market valuations are incredibly high, meaning that their player sale profit over the past 10 years reportedly sits at a sensational £688m. Finally, Chelsea’s Champions League victory in 2021 – which prompted many to question the sacking of Thomas Tuchel in the following year - saw them pocket a healthy £106m to bolster their revenue, as well as cup runs in years gone by earning the club money through the competition itself and also from hosting matches. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea decide to sell some of their fringe players in the remainder of the transfer window or opt to make use of their strong position until the summer comes around.