Everton are set to appoint Sean Dyche as their new manager, but the former Burnley boss will only have a matter of days to seek squad improvements before the January transfer window slams shut. As the Toffees eye up a second successive relegation dogfight, Express Sport takes you through four signings that could arrive at Goodison Park before the end of the month... The Chelsea wide man has only started four Premier League games this season, and his prospects of gaining a more prominent role in Graham Potter's plans appear slim with left-winger Mykhaylo Mudryk and right-winger Noni Madueke having recently arrived at Stamford Bridge. Everton are among a host of clubs credited with interest in Ziyech, and although Chelsea would supposedly prefer to deal with a suitor from abroad, they have already maxed out their loaned-out quota which means a £17.5million sale is the most likely outcome. Buoyed by Premier League riches, that may tilt the scales in the Toffees' favour. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal' Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Neal Maupay's collective failure to come up with the goods in front of goal this season has sparked Everton into action. Youngster Ellis Simms has been recalled from his loan stint at Sunderland, but Dyche could still do with a more seasoned frontman to make the difference over the second half of the season. Arnautovic was heavily linked with Manchester United during the summer amid a goal-laden spell with Serie A side Bologna. Amid rumours of an Everton bid, the pay-off may only be in the short term for a player who is set to turn 34 before the end of the season, but his age also means a modest transfer fee could do the trick. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss The 20-year-old winger was a regular under Ralf Rangnick last season, but his progress has stalled since Erik ten Hag took charge of the Red Devils. With several stars, both established and emerging, ahead of Elanga in the pecking order at Old Trafford, they are expected to let him leave on loan for the rest of the season. Everton and Borussia Dortmund are both believed to be interested in putting together a proposal, but BVB may hold the upper hand as reports claim that United see little benefit to sending Elanga on loan to a team in the midst of a gritty relegation battle. The youngster was seen as a future star when Rennes poached him from Nordsjaelland in 2021. He impressed during his first season in Ligue 1, but like Elanga, things have slowed down this term with appearances primarily coming from off the bench. Everton are reported to have held extensive talks regarding the winger, who is rated at a hefty £40m, but Southampton are also in the running. It remains to be seen whether Sulemana represents a priority target for Dyche, or if the Toffees hierarchy would prefer to wait until the summer.