Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were a permanent fixture in the headlines over the past few months thanks to their revealing Netflix documentary and the Duke of Sussex’s new tell-all memoir, Spare. Despite receiving plenty of backlash from royal fans, the streaming service has now revealed Harry and Meghan is one of their most successful projects ever. Harry and Meghan has been confirmed as Netflix’s second-biggest documentary series to date. Released in December last year, the six-part interview details Harry’s early relationship with Meghan and their huge fallout with the royals following their marriage in 2018. They made startling accusations against the Firm and levelled criticism against the tabloid press for hounding Meghan and her family. Although royal experts maintained many of their claims were unsubstantiated, the series has become one of Netflix’s most-viewed documentaries ever. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update At the start of 2023, the streaming service divulged its quarterly earnings for the October-December period. It revealed a gain of 7.7 million subscribers in the weeks Netflix introduced an ad-supported option for £5.65 or $7 per month. Upon its release on December 8, it took the record for Netflix’s biggest documentary debut with 81.6 million hours watched in the first four days. This amounted to more than 28 million households tuning in within the first week of release. Released in two parts of three episodes, the series bagged even more viewers when episodes four-six dropped a week later. So far, Buckingham and Kensington Palace have stayed silent on the claims the Sussexes have made in the series. Their long list of accusations includes a shouting match between Harry, his father King Charles and brother Prince William which left him terrified. Meghan also revealed she was stalked by fans and paparazzi and even received death threats when her relationship with Harry was made public. DON'T MISS:Nico Parker ‘cried’ over The Last of Us death scene [INTERVIEW]Wednesday’s Enid star pays tribute to Jenna Ortega [COMMENT]Star Wars’ Lars Mikkelsen on Admiral Thrawn return [EXCLUSIVE] The Duchess recalled the racist abuse she received and also shed light on her estranged father Thomas Markle and other members of the family who sold stories to the tabloids. Harry also claimed the family lied to protect William by denying he had bullied Harry out of the family, and used Meghan as a scapegoat to cover up less favourable stories. More recently, the Duke’s new memoir Spare has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK. According to Nielsen BookData, the book sold a total of 467,183 copies in its first week of release. The memoir contains jaw-dropping revelations about Harry’s youth, his time in the armed forces and his strained relationship with William. He also accused the current King of putting his own interests above those of his youngest son. However, Harry still claimed he "would like nothing more" than his children to grow up with a good relationship with the royals during his string of TV interviews promoting the book. Harry and Meghan is available to stream on Netflix.