Financial advisor Ron Hall is coupled up with make-up artist Lana Jenkins, but she has been left feeling "second best" following 22-year-old Samie Elishi's Love Island entrance. Fans were left warning Lana to "ditch" Ron following Monday night's episode of the ITV2 series - but will she? Heart Bingo’s relationship expert and co-founder of dating site So Syncd, Louella Alderson has shared her thoughts about Ron's behaviour. She said: “Lana should ditch Ron and find someone who treats her with the respect she deserves." Louella felt Ron's behaviour shows he is not ready to commit to a serious relationship and he is "more interested in playing the field". "For someone like Ron, the grass is always greener, and Lana will never be enough," she added. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will "It's time for her to move on and find someone ready to put in the effort required to make a relationship work.” The expert said Lana has given Ron enough chances and advised her to focus on finding a man who will make her feel special. “Ron has lied to Lana already about shutting things down with Ellie," Louella stressed. "He also told Lana that Samie is 100 per cent his type. "This kind of toxic behaviour and dishonesty isn't good for any relationship. "It will likely make Lana feel like she isn't good enough or that she isn't worth Ron's respect and loyalty."  Noting how Lana has mentioned she's been feeling second best, Louella added: "Lana has put too much faith in Ron. She deserves someone who will value her as much as she values them. "Lana should ditch Ron and look for a guy who reciprocates her effort," she exclaimed. "It’s important to have a balanced dynamic in terms of how much time and energy both parties are putting into the relationship.” When asked if Love Island newcomer Samie should be warned about men like Ron, Louella said: “Samie has watched the show long enough to know how Ron behaves, so she should already be warned that he may not be the most reliable and honest guy. DON'T MISS...Maya Jama details 'long journey' she's been on with her make-up artist [UPDATE]Love Island stars forced to dump islander after 'intense' rows [INSIGHT]Love Island's Zara McDermott teams up with Kate Middleton for project [LATEST] "Ron has had his head turned by every bombshell, and if he turns his head for Samie, then she has to prepare for him to turn it again in the future.” On a brighter note, Will Young and Australian beauty Jessie Wynter get whisked away on a romantic date away from the villa on Tuesday night's show. Jessie is quick to compliment Will as she says: “This is so stunning, you’re so romantic.” She adds: “You honestly make me so happy, no guy has ever made me feel like this.”  Will replies: “That’s literally all I want to do, as long as you’re happy and you feel loved and beautiful, that’s all I want to do.” As the conversation flows, Will begins to open up and says: “You’ve got every single trait that I would look for in a girlfriend. "In the outside world I’ve probably been quite shut off, I think that’s why I haven't formed any relationships." The pair share a kiss after Jessie makes a promise to Will during the date. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. 