With Spring just around the corner, now’s a good time for gardening Britons to spend time planning their outside space for the year ahead. Here Chris Bonnett from GardeniningExpress.co.uk explains the things gardeners need to consider and factor in when giving their garden a new look. Unlike decorating a room in your house, redoing the garden isn’t simply about adding a coat of paint and a few soft furnishings. It takes time to plan, work out what needs doing when, determine how to bring the new look in on a budget and design a space suitable for the soil conditions and sunlight in your garden. So where do you start? There are a few garden design elements worth thinking about to help you create a garden for 2023. READ MORE: Cinnamon is a natural method to prevent mould build-up in houseplants Lines in garden design are important and will set the tone. Straight lines tend to be forceful and direct - think of a pathway leading you through a garden. Curves are more graceful and natural creating a more relaxed feel. The lines can be integrated through garden features - think of a curved archway or pergola. These can add a sense of intrigue to a design. The focal point can be whatever you want it to be. In a small garden, it could be a stand-out plant, a cluster of colourful pots or even some eye-catching garden furniture. In a larger space, it could be a water feature, a garden structure or a stylish statue. Your eye will naturally be drawn to the focal point - get this right and you’ll have a great centrepiece to your garden design. DON'T MISSLawn tasks to ‘avoid’ for healthy spring grass or risk ‘bare patches’ [COMMENT]Cinnamon is a natural method to prevent mould build-up in houseplants [INSIGHT]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXPLAINER] The colour you choose for your garden design scheme will influence the flowers and foliage you select and the materials to create your look. And the look you’re going for will help you decide on the colour and plants. A cottage garden is all about the colour - there are no rules - so you can plant almost anything. Contemporary and modern gardens tend to be dominated by structural, green foliage. The texture of plants and hard landscaping materials is another element to factor into your garden design. Think about how you’d feel your way around the garden. Hard landscaping materials alongside soft planting can create an interesting contrast. This can be done in the smallest of ways - slate chippings in colourful pots are a great way to start and see if it works in your garden. Sound and movement Consider incorporating sound and movement into your space. The gentle trickle of a water feature can be very relaxing, as can the rustling of leaves and foliage. Garden Designer Nick Wood from Gardening Express has created a guide on garden design principles, you can find more information here.