Prince Harry has unleashed a wave of bombshell observations and reflections on his life in his debut autobiography Spare, which is set to be released in Britain next week. His relationships with Prince William and Queen Camilla, time in the Armed Services and the impact of his mother Princess Diana's death, were among the topics recalled throughout its pages. But another surprising anecdote the Duke of Sussex detailed was "the best nine weeks of his life" which saw him kissing a page-three model. The 38-year-old originally earned a reputation for his fun-loving lifestyle, earning the nickname the Party Prince. His exploits were well documented, including going to a party dressed as a Nazi, and partying in a jacuzzi in Las Vegas. But one tale of the extravagant fun the father-of-two enjoyed came back in December 2003. As he returned to the UK, Harry recalled going "straight to a club my first night home... and the next... and the next". At the time the press were convinced Harry was still in Australia and so his evening escapades went unnoticed. He continued: "One night I met a girl, chatted to her over a drink. I didn't know she was a page three girl... I wouldn't have minded if I had known. She seemed like a smart, funny girl." But when Harry eventually left the club, wearing a baseball cap to protect his identity, the place was "swarming with paparazzi", and so he had to sneak into a "secret police car". In a terrifying moment, though, the car driving Harry was nearly involved in a horror car crash as the driver of the vehicle was "too busy trying to take pictures" of the young Duke. He continued: "The story in the press the next morning should have been about Prince Harry nearly being killed in an accident by a reckless paparazzi." However, Harry said the story was instead about him allegedly kissing a page-three model, "along with a fiery comment about the horrendous dating of the Spare". JUST IN: Loose Women row erupts as Kaye rages Harry 'should walk away' The overwhelming feeling of anger was understandable considering the circumstances of his mother's death years before, in which she died in a Parisian car crash when being followed by the paparazzi. Harry's time as a bachelor was well documented, and as well as enjoying the fruits of a lavish lifestyle, he enjoyed relationships with a number of women too. His life under the microscope left Harry fueled with "anger and anxiety", which was further exacerbated when he left the military in 2015, returning to civilian life and frontline royal duties. This was documented in 2020's Finding Freedom, the co-authored unofficial biography by royal reporters Carolyn Durrand and Omid Scobie. It noted that the feelings experienced by Harry "started to bubble to the surface, and neither emotion fit into the official persona of a prince". DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle drove wedge between 'three musketeers' Harry, Will, Kate [INSIGHT]Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle touched Diana’s gravestone to ask for ‘guidance' [LATEST] The authors continued: "At royal engagements he suffered panic attacks. In the most proper and officious of settings, such as a reception by MapAction to mark Harry's new patronage of the humanitarian emergency response charity, the flight-or-fight instincts of an Apache helicopter pilot kicked in. "A source remembers that when Harry left the event held at the Royal Society in London, 'He just started taking in deep breaths. "'The people, the cameras, the attention,' the source said. 'He had just let it get to him. He was on the edge.'" And though William and Harry may have struggled to maintain a relationship in recent years, reports say, as he adjusted to his new life, the Duke of Sussex's older brother remained his rock. The book added: "One night in early 2016, they both got 'totally drunk', according to the source. But it wasn't until Harry went outside to smoke that there was a problem. "'He fell into a little bush. Someone tried to take a photo of him on their phone and Harry's protection officer literally jumped to block them from taking it,' the source said. "'Harry was none the wiser. He just went back in to William, so they could carry on drinking.'" Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.