Gwen Stefani is facing a backlash after defending her Harajuku era and explaining how her first visit to Tokyo made her believe "I'm Japanese and I didn't know it". The singer has previously faced criticism for using Japanese culture specifically to promote her music and merchandise. The 53-year-old Italian-American also spoke about her Harajuku Lovers perfume range, which has faced growing backlash since it was first launched in 2008 amid accusations she has been appropriating Japanese culture during different phases of her career. In an interview with American beauty magazine Allure, the Californian-born singer was asked about the perfume line before she referred to her father's job with Yamaha, which saw him make regular visits to Japan where the firm has its headquarters. Gwen said: "That was my Japanese influence and that was a culture that was so rich with tradition, yet so futuristic, (with) so much attention to art and detail and discipline and it was fascinating to me." She would later visit the Tokyo district of Harajuku, telling the magazine: "I said, 'My God, I'm Japanese and I didn't know it'. I am, you know." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman says she has 'five special friends' in dating insight Gwen added she was a "super fan" of Japanese culture, adding: "(It) should be okay to be inspired by other cultures because if we're not allowed then that's dividing people, right?" Social media users have been criticising Gwen, saying she has been "getting away with this nonsense for far too long" and how it was "disappointing" she had chosen to "double-down" on her stance. But others supported the singer, claiming the criticism is "going to stop musicians from exploring different inspirations from other cultures". Gwen who is married to country star Blake Shelton, was previously criticised for how she used Japanese culture around the promotion of her 2004 debut solo album, Love. Angel. Music. Baby. It was during this period she was backed by Japanese-American dancers called the Harajuku Girls. Elsewhere, the star was on a rollercoaster of emotions over the festive period delivering both uplifting and heartbreaking news. The No Doubt singer took to Instagram to share her sadness after news of Vivienne Westwood's death was announced. Gwen shared a photo alongside the iconic designer and wrote: "My heart hurts to hear of the passing of legendary @viviennewestwood who always made an impact in not just fashion but pop culture. DONT MISS: Prince Harry wore Tom Hardy's Mad Max costume for incognito night out (PHOTOS)Piers Morgan claims Harry is 'dumb, deluded or suffering from amnesia'(NEWS)David Beckham jumps fence to escape fans after son’s football match (LATEST) "I'll never forget wearing my first piece of designer clothing and it being a piece from Vivienne Westwood. Vivienne, u were one of a kind, u will always be one of my favourite fashion designers."(sic) Vivienne died on December 29 at the age of 81 and left her family and fans in mourning. She leaves behind her husband, Andreas Kronthaler and two sons Derek Westwood and Joseph Corré, the latter of whom has followed in his mother's footsteps and is the founder of the lingerie brand Agent Provocateur. Gwen's sad update comes shortly after she teased fans with exciting news amid speculation that she and Blake are expecting a baby. The star was delighted to share that she's had something she's had to "hold in for so long," and fans were convinced it was a pregnancy reveal. "I can't believe I was able to hold this in for so long," she wrote in the caption of an Instagram video. However, her news which is revealed in the video above wasn't what her fans were expecting - although they were excited. While Gwen and Blake don't have any children together, the pop singer is mum to sons, Apollo, Zuma and Kingston from her previous marriage.