Novak Djokovic overcame the absence of his father and a grumpy first set to outclass Tommy Paul and reach his 10th Australian Open final. And the Serbian superstar is now just one win away from equalling Rafa Nadal’s male record of 22 Grand Slam singles titles and returning to world No.1. The nine-time champion is back Down Under after getting deported last year and he is also nursing a left hamstring strain. But the build-up to his 44th Grand Slam semi-final was overshadowed by footage of his father posing with a Russian nationalist wearing a Z T-shirt - and Srdjan Djokovic announced earlier today he would not attend this match in the Rod Laver Arena. JUST IN: Russian star addresses Aus Open flag ban after Srdjan Djokovic storm   And the Wimbledon champion said: “The ball kids are not allowed to give me the towel. Tell me how it works. It’s the first time I’m going to the towel this game and you start the clock before I touch the towel. Well done!” Djokovic failed to serve out the set at 5-3 and Paul held to draw the set level at 5-5. But with the American serving to force the tiebreak at 5-6, he framed a forehand long and hit an inside-out forehand into the tramlines to give the Serb the opening set in 59 minutes. Still not happy, Djokovic walked to his chair cupping his hand to his ears to prompt booing - and then beckoned for more. But the former world No.1 was now back in the mood and won seven consecutive games to lead 5-0 in the second set. Paul held serve to trail 1-5 but Djokovic took the quicker second set in only 36 minutes when the American could not return on overhead. DON'T MISSRobson calls out 'inexcusable' Court comments in Aus Open broadcastCoco Gauff comes out swinging after helping Aus Open billionaireRafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take place  Paul ended a horror run of losing 12 out of 13 games by holding to go to 1-4 in the third set but the end was nigh.Djokovic took his first match point with a service winner to end the one-sided contest inin two hours and 20 minutes. He will now contest his 33rd Grand Slam singles final - level with Serena Williams and behind only Chris Evert who reached 34. He also overtook his former coach Andre Agassi to set a new Open Era record of 27 wins at the Australian Open. The Serb has still not lost here since the fourth round in 2018 - 1831 days ago. Paul, 25, has the compensation of breaking into the world’s top 20 for the first time. There will be 10 American men in the world’s top 50 on Monday but Andy Roddick - at the 2003 US Open - remains the last US male to win a Grand Slam singles title.