London Mayor Sadiq Khan has called for the Home Secretary to strip a former Metropolitan police officer of his estimated £22,000-a-year pension. On Monday, January 16, David Carrick, 48, admitted to dozens of rape and sexual offences against 12 women over decades and to using his role to instil fear in his victims. But should police officers convicted of serious crimes automatically lose their pensions? Vote in our poll. Mr Khan will make the application as Carick’s crimes were connected to his job. A spokesperson said: “The mayor’s office for policing and crime will pursue pension forfeiture through an application to the home secretary as it is clear that PC Carrick committed offences in connection with his service as a member of a police force.” Home Office minister Robert Jenrick has said the Government supports Mr Khan’s efforts. He told Sky News: “The forfeiture of the pension is a matter for the Mayor of London but we support his efforts to remove that pension, if indeed that is what he chooses to do. “This is one of the most egregious cases of police misconduct in the history of the Met, perhaps in the history of British policing. This disgusting individual should not benefit from his years serving in the Metropolitan Police.” READ MORE: Ministers demand PC David Carrick’s police pension be stripped However, Scotland Yard said Home Office rules could mean it was unlikely Carrick would be stripped of his pension. Guidelines state forfeiture applications for the removal of police pension can be made when an officer has been convicted of a criminal offence committed in connection with their service which leads to a serious loss of confidence in policing. Former victims commissioner Dame Vera Baird said: “There should be some room for sensible discretion here because in instances like this of course it would be appropriate to take a pension pot away from such a serious offender. What does it matter if he was on duty or not? I hope his victims will be compensated without having to go to court.” So what do YOU think? Should all police convicted of serious crimes automatically lose their pensions? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.