The Office of National Statistics' latest labour market data has shown UK pay increased by 6.4 percent between September to November 2022. However, in real terms adjusted for inflation, total and regular pay both fell by 2.6 percent over the year.  The unemployment rate for September to November 2022 also reflected an increase of 0.2 percentage points in the quarter to 3.7 percent. Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: “While the economy grew by a surprise 0.1 percent in November, raising hopes that the dreaded recession might be avoided, the double hit of persistently high inflation and rising interest rates will take their toll on households and businesses at some point.” Ms Haine said this could mean “a downturn is still very likely”, albeit a “shallower” one that starts a little later than expected. She continued: “For now, however, it seems employers remain intent on retaining workers. Pay growth stayed strong with regular pay, excluding bonuses, and total pay, including bonuses, both rising 6.4 percent in the three months to November – though this was deeply negative in real terms once inflation of 10.7 percent is factored in. READ MORE: Drivers expect next car to be petrol or diesel as EV support drops   “This means real wages dropped 2.6 percent in the three months to October for real and total pay – one of the largest falls since comparable records began.” Ms Haine added: “Yet again, the purchasing power of Britain’s workers is taking a pummelling meaning income simply doesn’t stretch as far. “Not a huge surprise when you consider the many blows to worker pay from the soaring cost of goods and services to rising mortgage and debt repayments and the highest tax burden since the 1940s.” With the pay squeeze intensifying, typical households are likely to be £2,100 worse off by April 2024, according to the Resolution Foundation. DON'T MISS: Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Discount codes for almost everything you buy could 'save thousands' [EXPLAINED]Universal Credit claimants eligible for broadband bill discount [INSIGHT]     This, compounded by the industrial action rapidly becoming a "regular feature" of post-pandemic life as workers fight to secure pay rises more closely aligned to the inflation rate, Ms Haine said the squeeze “is likely to persist.” The Bank of England is worried that the acceleration in pay growth will make Britain's high inflation rate, currently running at 10.7 percent, much harder to bring down. Britain’s unemployment rate remained largely unchanged at 3.7 percent in the three months to November despite talk of a recession. However, Ms Haine noted: “With vacancies falling by 75,000 to 1.16 million over the October to December period - the sixth consecutive quarterly drop - employers appear increasingly jittery about the state of the economy.” READ MORE: Pensioners could be eligible for £775 off their energy bills  Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said that the UK labour market "remains resilient". Mr Hunt said: "Even in the face of global economic challenges, the UK labour market remains resilient with a record number of employees on payrolls. "The single best way to help people's wages go further is to stick to our plan to halve inflation this year. "We must not do anything that risks permanently embedding high prices into our economy, which will only prolong the pain for everyone."  Commenting on the statistics, Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, said: "The gulf between the pay rises being handed to public sector workers, and those in the private sector remains sizeable, but it is not as large as previous months." Stats show average regular pay growth for the private sector was 7.2 percent while the public sector reflected a growth rate of 3.3 percent. Mr Jobson continued: "The disparity in pay is likely attributed to private sector employers offering stronger bonuses to attract and retain talent in the tightest labour market in years." 