Rafael Nadal was left red-faced after struggling in a game designed to test the precision of his shots. The Spaniard is preparing for the Australian Open in Melbourne and might need his accuracy to be slightly better if he has any hope of retaining the title he won 12 months ago. World No 2 Nadal can be seen playing a fun game on the Rod Laver Arena court alongside Greek star Maria Sakkari. Placed on the opposite baseline are two rubber paddling pools. The pair are tasked with hitting as many shots into the paddling pools from 10 attempts. But things go downhill when Nadal struggles with the mini-game. In the clip shared by Eurosport, the majority of Nadal’s shots are long and land well over the baseline. The 22-time Grand Slam did eventually hit one shot into the paddling pools. JUST IN: Kyrgios declared 2022 could be his 'last' season before best results But his attempts were laughed at by the capacity crowd. The court-side announcer joked: “They’ve got to go in, Rafa!” Nadal saw the funny side as he swapped with Sakkari. “I was close, no?” he quipped, but he was shot down by the announcer, who bluntly responded: “Not quite, to be honest, but that’s alright!” Sakkari hardly fared much better than Nadal, hitting her first few shots wide of the paddling pools. The announcer joked: “So we’re supposed to get the balls into the pools!” But the 27-year-old twice shot into the pools to beat Nadal’s measly score. She even attempted to win a point with a speculative tweener on her final go. DON'T MISS...Alcaraz sets return date after injury forces him to miss Aussie OpenStan Wawrinka backs fans to boo Djokovic as Murray also weighs inNick Kyrgios preparing to make big sacrifices to win Australian Open For Nadal, the veteran is hoping to retain the Australian Open having surprisingly won the Slam this time last year. The 36-year-old struggled with injuries in the second half of 2022, with foot and abdomen issues limiting his time on the court. "Well, it's true that the last couple of months I was not able to play much tennis and at the beginning of the season I lost two matches in Sydney, but honestly, I am not unhappy with the preparation,” he told journalists in Melbourne. "I need to win matches for sure. But the preparation is going quite well, practising a lot and I think I am in good shape. Then you need to demonstrate that in the matches, in the official tournaments. But I'm confident that if I am able to have this last week of positive practices, why not?"