Gerard Pique, 35, has taken another swipe at his ex Shakira, 45, as he has gone Instagram official with his new girlfriend Clara Chia, 23. The decision to take their romance to social media comes after Shakira released a diss track earlier this month seemingly taking aim at her ex and his new lover. Gerard took to the photo-sharing app to share a picture of the happy couple in view of his 22.1 million followers with no caption. The pair cuddled up to each other for the selfie, appearing to be sitting in a restaurant. The footballer's post comes after his split from Shakira last year following cheating allegations, with the picture racking in over a million likes. The decision to take their romance to social media comes after Shakira appeared to take a swipe at Gerard's new girlfriend in her new diss track, which has since topped Spotify charts. READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Shakira issued a thinly-veiled dig over the professional footballer's new love as she quipped in her track, Shakira Bzrp Music Sessions 53: "I'm worth two 22's. You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo. You traded a Rolex for a Casio." Shakira makes another allusion to Clara with the lyrics: "She’s got the name of a good person. Clearly is not how it sounds." 'Clearly' in English translates as 'Claramente' in Spanish, which is seemingly referencing Clara, as some fans pointed out on Twitter. Gerard appeared to respond to those lyrics at the time by announcing Casio will become the sponsor of the King's League. In a now-viral clip, he also turned up to a Kings League event in a Twingo car, sparking more than 155,000 likes in less than 24 hours. Pique explained his sponsorship deal with Casio during a live stream, saying: "We have an agreement with Casio," which was followed by laughter. Pique then added: "I'm serious... we have reached an agreement with Casio for the Kings [League], yes, because we have many countdowns and we have many watches... this watch is for life, I'm telling you!" This also comes after reports that Shakira has started constructing a wall to separate her home from that of her former mother-in-law after their split. DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT] Salem's Lot and James at 15 actor Lance Kerwin has died [DEATH] Julian Sands' brother says 'he knows in my heart he's gone' [COMMENT] Shakira allegedly realised her ex-boyfriend had been unfaithful when she discovered a jar of strawberry jam had been eaten while she was away. She then went on to reference the strawberry jam in a music video for her single Te Felicito in April, which featured a clip of the head of her collaborator Rauw Alejandro inside an open fridge. According to ShowNews Today, Shakira knew that neither Gerard nor their two sons Sasha, ten, and Milan, seven, ate jam. Shakira returned home from a period of travelling when she noticed the jam in her fridge had been eaten, and she knew the rest of her family disliked it. Shakira also placed a terrifying lifesize witch doll on the balcony of her Spanish home, which reportedly looks over her former mother-in-law's pad. Residents in the Barcelona area have also reported hearing Shakira "blasting the [aforementioned] song at full volume" from her home. It has been reported that the relationship between Shakira and Montserrat Bernabéu [Gerard's mother] turned sour after she readily welcomed her son's new romance. According to the Sun, Gerard's mum is said to "have stormed over to Shakira's house" and told one of her employees to turn the witch around.