Princess Anne looks absolutely wonderful at age 72, known for her timeless and classic casual style with some modern fusion - hello Adidas sunglasses. She has also sported the same signature hairstyle for several decades. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Milk + Blush hair stylist Nicole Petty about Princess Anne's locks. Should she keep it the same - after all it has become almost part of her royal uniform - or could it benefit from a change-up? Nicole stated: "While her hair isn’t the most sought-after in comparison to other members of the Royal Family, there have been 1,200 searches for ‘Princess Anne Hairstyle’ in the past month alone, a 36 percent rise from previous years. "The late Queen's only daughter has worn her hair in the same signature beehive for over 40 years, and, despite her love for fashion and pushing boundaries, the look will likely be here to stay for many more years to come." READ MORE: Hair extensions could be on the cards for Princess Charlotte The expert suggested that the septuagenarian stay away from hair dye and remain au natural. While Camilla's hair boasts buttery blonde highlights, Nicole advised that Anne should steer clear of these. “Rather than opt for buttery blonde, Princess Anne should embrace her silver strands." She could do this with "lowlights of salt and pepper or charcoal grey to complement and blend", adding a little more dimension to her current more blocky colour. Grey hair is a little more difficult to take care of than blonde, brunette or ginger hair, so the royal must make sure she looks after her locks in the coming years. "It's important she takes care of her locks as she gets older as grey hair is naturally coarser and drier than pigmented hair. "Princess Anne should invest in more moisturising products, such as oils and hair masks, to keep her silver strands looking soft and shiny." As for Camilla, Nicole previously suggested that she could also benefit from some of the same products. READ MORE: Camilla's modern beauty hack costs as little as £8 She said: "It’s important that she takes care of her hair to maintain its shiny glow. "As grey hair is naturally coarser and drier than pigmented hair, it can look unkempt and aged if you don't take care of it. “The Queen Consort can also incorporate more moisturising products, such as oils and hair masks into her routine." The famous Princess Anne hairstyle is achieved by adding lots of volume at the front, whilst fixing the hair into a tight twist at the back. There is a lot of dimension to this hairstyle, but according to the expert, would another look suit her more? Nicole doubts that the Princess Royal will forgo her beehive bun in favour of something else - however "never say never". If she does one day look for a new style, she could opt for a "soft angled bob", Nicole suggested. This would make her hair "similar to her sister-in-law and Queen Consort, Camilla". Nicole suggested that the angled bob has "face-framing features that add texture and volume".