Lack of claims for vital means-tested benefits results in hundreds of thousands of Britons missing out on money due to them. This could be a make-or-break financial decision, especially for those on limited incomes later in life. A new report from Just Group has uncovered the extent of those missing out on important benefits. It found that of pensioner homeowners entitled to receive benefits, some six in 10 were failing to claim anything at all. It means these households are missing out on an average of £1,100 a year in extra income. A total of one in four were claiming support but receiving less than their full entitlement. READ MORE: HMRC expected to get ‘much tougher’ on tax bills in 2023 These individuals are missing out on an additional £600 per year in income. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “Every year the figures consistently show the huge amounts of benefits that are going unclaimed but would make a massive difference to those struggling, especially with the added pressure of soaring living costs. “This year the amounts unclaimed are down a little on recent years, but the proportion who aren’t getting their entitlements has risen. “That’s particularly worrying because it means many could miss out on the extra tax-free Cost of Living Payments next year, worth up to £900, available for those claiming means-tested benefits.” DON'T MISSState pensioners to look out for letter which may mean £3,500 boost [INSIGHT]850,000 pensioners could miss out on £900 cash boost this year [UPDATE]Britons can fight back against Hunt’s tax threshold freeze [LATEST] The organisation broke down key benefits and how much people could be missing out on. Guarantee Pension Credit is the main benefit aimed at helping pensioners on a low income. Out of the four key benefits Just Group looked at, this has the highest take-up rate - with two-thirds of those eligible making a claim. However, those who are failing to claim are missing out on an average £1,153 per year. READ MORE: DWP confirms date Winter Fuel Payment should arrive Savings Pension Credit offers a top-up for older pensioners on a low income with modest savings. It consistently has the lowest proportion eligible, according to Just Group, but also low take-up rates. The organisation asked its eligible clients whether they were receiving the sum - and none were in 2022, missing out on £292 extra income per year. The benefit with the highest eligibility was found to be council tax reduction, however, this also suffers from low take-up rates. Only 35 percent of those eligible people asked by Just Group were claiming - missing out on an average £1,003 annually. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Finally, the organisation looked into Universal Credit, which is gradually replacing six older legacy benefits across the UK. About one in seven of Just Group’s lifetime mortgage enquiries came from households below state pension age potentially eligible for Universal Credit. Although actual eligibility rates were low, the take-up rate was just 50 percent, with £3,692 a year annual income being missed. Mr Lowe has attributed the low take-up figures to a prevailing perception when it comes to benefits. He added: “The reason our take-up figures are a little worse could be that homeowners struggling on low incomes may think the value of their home rules them out of state support. “Our own research in 2021 found 44 percent of homeowners aged 65+ had never checked their entitlement to benefits compared to 16 percent of renters.” Consequently, the expert has pointed Britons towards free, independent, third-party benefit calculators such as Turn2Us and entitledto. These are likely to help Britons find out the kind of support they might be entitled to.