Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag may have to tread carefully around Wout Weghorst as he reported 'clashed with team-mates due to his confidence' during his time at Burnley. United are in the market for a striker this month and Weghorst has emerged as the club's top target.  The Netherlands international appeared to wave goodbye to Besiktas fans on Saturday. He's currently on loan at the Turkish side from Burnley until the end of the season and have the option to make the deal permanent. But United's interest has put a spanner in the works for Besiktas with the Red Devils now looking to steal the striker on loan. Besiktas will likely demand a compensation fee to cut his loan spell short with Weghorst impressing in the Turkish league. He's scored nine goals in 18 matches for Besiktas while also impressing for his country at the World Cup. The 30-year-old is different to what United already have with Anthony Martial in the central attacking position. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But The Athletic hint that the forward may be a potential troublemaker in the dressing room. His only experience in the Premier League came with Burnley before they were relegated last season. Weghorst is said to have impressed Burnley coaches upon his arrival in January last year, but his mood soon changed around the club. He is said to have 'cut a frustrated figure' around the club as he struggled to find his best form in front of goal.  And the report adds he also clashed with several team-mates due to his attitude in the dressing room. Weghorst is said to have rubbed up his team-mates the wrong way for his confidence, with some supposedly taking it as 'bordering on arrogance'. The report does go on to claim United want that kind of personality in their squad, but Ten Hag has only just got rid of Cristiano Ronaldo, who himself reportedly caused a divide in the dressing room. Weghorst is unlikely to be a regular starter at Old Trafford if he does join, but he will likely have a close relationship with Ten Hag. The pair both fail from Twente in the Netherlands and Ten Hag is said to have a close relationship with Louis van Gaal, who coached Weghorst at the 2022 World Cup.