The estate agent ranked some of the most popular retirement locations in England based on factors like transport connections, air quality, crime levels and average house prices to determine the best place for older people to live. The study found the seaside town of Scarborough in Yorkshire is the best place to retire and it's not unusual for people to move away, only to come back again. Scarborough scooped the first place slot due to its affordability - the average house price in the area is £263,704 - almost £100,000 lower than the national average of £362,438. The seaside town is also a popular retirement option thanks to its two sweeping bays, 12th century castle and close proximity to the North York Moors. The train station provides easy access to nearby cities such as York and Leeds. This connects the town to UK-wide services making it easy to travel for leisure, or to visit family and friends. In second place was the scenic district of Craven in North Yorkshire, which is home to several towns and villages like  Skipton. READ MORE: The best locations across the world to work remotely in 2023  Craven is a largely rural area that is famour for its beauty spots including the Yorkshire Dales National Park, Malham Cove and Bolton Abbey. Plus, with good road links across the M65, M6, A1 and more, it’s easy for drivers to navigate the area and travel further afield. While third on the list, Wychavon proved to be one of the UK’s retirement hotspots with a massive 31.5 percent increase in the number of people aged 65 and over living in the area over the last 10 years. Located in Worcestershire, this rural district has three main historic towns within it, each offering much to explore and enjoy. Average house price in the area is £274,453 and the district also boasts good transport networks, with the M5 running through its heart. DON'T MISS:Mortgage payments could drop by 25% a month [ALERT]Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff [UPDATE]Premium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months [INSIGHT]  Lauren Spivey, branch manager at Hunters Scarborough, said: "Scarborough is a beautiful place to live, having lived in Scarborough my whole life I can see why it is a popular location for people to retire in. "We have lovely beaches, lots of amenities and multiple properties that offer stunning views of the sea and castle or if you prefer a more country aspect there are charming cottages on the outskirts with countryside walks and open field views. "Scarborough has multiple retirement properties which offer luxury accommodation, assisted living and the company of other retirees. "Throughout my time working for an estate agent I have spoken with multiple people who were born in the area, moved away and are relocating back to live out their retirement by the sea!" Meanwhile, another study by London estate agent Benham and Reeves, has shown the happiest areas may be the towns with below average house prices. It found Pendle in Lancashire is the UK’s best location for buyers who want to maximise their happiness, while getting the most from their money. Newry Mourne & Down in Northern Ireland was the second happiest place with an average house price of £191,053; while Richmondshire in North Yorkshire came in third with an average house price of £278,074. In contrast, Colchester is home to the lowest happiness score in the UK, while the average house price of £330,435 is also 12 percent higher than the UK average.  The top 10 place to retire in the UK: 1. Scarborough2. Craven3. Wychavon4. Wyre Forest5. Cotswold6. Stratford-upon-Avon7. Hambleton8. Ryedale9. Sedgemoor10. South Somerset.