Eddie Hearn has advised Jake Paul to avoid fighting Tommy Fury as he can make ‘more money from bigger fights’. The Matchroom Boxing promoter believes Paul will be a ‘big favourite’ but sees the long-awaited grudge match as an unnecessary risk. According to esteemed combat sports journalist Ariel Helwani, Paul vs Fury is signed and sealed for February 25 after falling through on two occasions previously. Before their first fight date in December 2021, Fury was forced to pull out of the contest with a broken rib sustained in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout agreement was terminated when the Brit was denied entry to the United States - where the fight was set to take place. With Fury still unable to fly across the pond, The Sun reports that Paul vs Fury will take place in Saudi Arabia with the hosts expected to throw millions at the bout. When asked who he thinks will win the influencer clash, Hearn said: “I make Jake Paul a big favourite in the fight with Tommy Fury. Being around boxing for 35 years, one thing I’ve noticed is [your mentality] is so important. And it is in life. “You can have the greatest camp, you can hit your greatest PBs. If you’re not ready to go to war, then everything can change. I honestly believe – call it delusion, call it whatever – that Jake Paul thinks he’s the best fighter in the world." Despite backing Paul to get his hand raised, Hearn would prefer The Problem Child to face fierce rival KSI instead as he will receive more money for less risk. MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank Jr was once floored in three seconds by bare-knuckle champion Eubank Jr dons LGBT armband at Smith weigh in after fiery presser spat Hearn bites back at criticisms over Joshua's next 'knock-over' foe “If I was advising Jake Paul, I probably would swerve the Tommy Fury fight because he can make much more money for bigger fights,” he added. “The KSI-Jake Paul fight is a massive fight. It’s gonna make a lot of money. But he can lose to Tommy Fury. “So I think it’s a dangerous fight for Jake Paul, and I respect him for taking the fight. I don’t know enough about Tommy Fury. I’ve watched him. You know, he couldn’t win a British title. He couldn’t do a lot of things. But he can fight. He’s an undefeated fighter. So, I like it. I think it’s a good fight. I’m quite fascinated.” 