The rigours of a professional tennis career can take an extreme toll on one's body, and up-and-comer Casper Ruud is doing all he can to prolong his lifespan in the sport. For that reason, the 24-year-old has announced his decision to temporarily step away from the sport after the Australian Open. Or at least in its competitive format following what's been a hectic past year or so for the European hotshot, who made his maiden major finals at the French Open and US Open in 2022. However, rather than opt for the usual end-of-season break during the recent winter period, Ruud then embarked upon an exhibition tour of South America alongside Rafael Nadal. "A normal calendar year in tennis, if you play a tournament every month, then the season lasts for 10 and a half months," the Norwegian told Eurosport. "It's not really healthy for the body at all. "There are no major tournaments in February, and I will therefore use the time to train my physique and actually use that month as a kind of 'pre-season', which I would normally have in December." READ MORE: Novak Djokovic warned 'emotional baggage' may harm chances of Australian Open glory  What is usually the season's grand curtain-raiser in Melbourne will now serve as a crescendo of sorts for Ruud. And the Scandinavian has plenty of reason to pursue a grand finish at this month's Australian Open after he was forced to miss the 2022 edition due to an ankle injury. "A lot happened in December, including the trip to South America with Nadal," Ruud continued. "I have tried to keep it going, and I thought that the Australian Open 2023 will be the last tournament before I take a small tournament break. "When I make the change I'm making now, the season will be shortened to eight and a half months. That's long enough too." DON'T MISSAndy Murray's 2023 starts with disappointment as Brit loses to Sebastian Korda in AdelaideEmma Raducanu explains 'different dynamic' behind win over Linda Fruhvirtova in AucklandBoris Becker lands new job weeks after prison release with Australian Open role    Ruud's outside-the-box thinking may yet produce revolutionary results for the next-gen talent following a breakthrough year on the elite circuit. As well as making major headway in his Grand Slam performances, he also lost deciders in the ATP Finals and Miami Open to Novak Djokovic and Carlos Alcaraz, respectively. That elusive maiden major trophy may still prove difficult to come by in what will be just his fourth Australian Open appearance. However, the notion of some substantial 'time off' when all is said and done in Melbourne may help inspire some unprecedented results.