Prince William and Kate Middleton stepped out on Thursday in Merseyside on their first public outing together since the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare. The couple opted to wear matching colour palettes on their visit to the Royal Hospital in Merseyside, where they opened the new hospital and spoke with staff. Celebrity stylist and 'Feel Good Fashion Coach' Miranda Holder, who shares insights into the intricate styling of the Royal Family, revealed there is a "deeper significance" between the outfits chosen for the Prince and Princess of Wales. In a video shared to her TikTok page @themirandaholder, the fashion guru explained: "Let's explore the deeper significance behind Will and Kate's styling for this Merseyside trip. First of all, we have got all of the matchy-matchy vibes going on. Absolutely essential. "This is something they're doing more and more frequently and it's even more important right now than ever to show a united front in very difficult times following the press reaction from Harry's book release." The couple were both dressed in deep shades of navy and green, while Kate also opted for a tartan coat which Miranda claims may also be a nod towards current tensions the family is facing. READ MORE: Sophie was ‘grim-faced’ at Harry & Meghan’s wedding - 'looked dour' "Kate is wearing her signature stunning Holland and Cooper in Black Watch tartan," said Miranda. "This tartan is significant. The black watch tartan has been used for hundreds of years, worn by soldiers going to battle in Scotland. "It is said that clothes are the armour in which we dress to face the everyday battle of life. We all know what battle this family is going through at the moment. I don't think it is a coincidence." Kate paired her £995 Holland Cooper double-breasted coat with a navy Ceffin Eva rib-knit wool maxi dress, costing £290. She emphasised her waist with a thin navy belt and accessorised with a clutch bag and towering heels. DON'T MISSZara 'creates buzz' over mini dresses [INSIGHT]'Fabulous' at 40 - Facial routine before bed for younger look [COMMENT]Kate Middleton wears Gucci blouse back to front twice [PICTURES]  Similarly, Prince William also opted for a navy suit, with an emerald green jumper layered beneath it. Miranda said: "The dark colours Kate has chosen to wear are perfect for this winter season. "They are also sombre enough with enough gravitas to reflect the serious situation that the family is going through at the moment. "A lighter brighter set of colours would somehow have felt too jarring given the situation." The choice to have blue as the main colour of their outfits could also be symbolic of the institution the duo were visiting. "The choice of blue is very significant," explained Miranda. "Blue invokes communication and professionalism, it calms and invokes trust which is why it is associated so much with the medical profession. "It's fitting then that Kate chose blue as her principal colour to wear for her visit today. It was a subtle move to diplomatically dress and was a sign of respect for the individuals she was visiting." Fans of the royal couple shared their opinions on the outfits in the comments section, with Miranda's video so far amassing over 1,000 responses. One commenter wrote: "Will and Kate are focusing on what’s most important: Their work! Love the colours. Bravo." Another added: "They are showing unity." Others applauded Kate's use of tartan, with one woman writing: "I'm from a long line of Highland Women and I just adore this. Kate always slays."