Helen Skelton, 39, is set to make a return to the dance floor for the upcoming Strictly Come Dancing tour after her debut appearance on Morning Live sparked calls for the TV star to become “permanent” on the programme. The Countryfile presenter spoke to Express.co.uk about her incredibly successful career and being able to fit the rehearsals and preparations for the tour while still working on screen. Asked about her secret to being able to juggle so many things at once, Helen admitted she has learnt to “delegate” and “prioritise” over the years. She said: “I think when you work in telly you just get efficient, and you get good at saying ‘no’ to stuff, and you have to know that ‘no’ is a complete sentence, and you have to accept that you’re never going to be perfect at everything. “Something’s got to give, you know? And I definitely learnt to delegate.” READ MORE:Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' Helen continued: “I’ve got good at delegating, I’ve got good at knowing what to prioritise and I know what’s important. “And you’ve got to not worry about saying ‘no’ to stuff, and you’ve got to not worry about trying to keep everyone happy. “You’ve got to get your priorities in place,” Helen concluded. But Helen is also finding joy in taking part in the live tour and reuniting with many of her Strictly co-stars for one last “celebration” with fans. Explaining how the live tour differs from the TV show, Helen revealed: “It’s very different to the show. “It’s just been fun because the pressure is off, there’s no longer the pressure from the TV and stuff. “This is all the good bits from the show in a good environment.” Helen went on: “I think it’s a celebration and a ‘thank you’, like, we got to have that mad adventure on Strictly because people kept us in every week and people voted. DON'T MISSPrince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards[NEWS]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home[INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death[LATEST] “And I think this is a chapter to go out and say thank you. “This show is all about giving people a good time.” Helen’s reflection comes after fans were left delighted as she presented Morning Live alongside Gethin Jones for the first time. Viewers took to Twitter to praise the star on her “expertise” following her appearance. Anthony53537827 said: “Good morning Helen, I think you're absolutely wonderful.  Downton_helen added: “Wonderful to see you on Morning Live!” David6A9 tweeted: “@BBCMorningLive @HelenSkelton is just a different class Morning Live presenter! Make her permanent.” The Strictly Come Dancing tour will be taking place in January and February and for the first time will see Anton du Beke join fellow judges Shirley Ballas and Craig Revel Horwood.