Sam Smith, 30, admitted they never met Adele, 34, in person as they rejected a “crazy” theory invented by fans. The Stay With Me singer tried to explain the reason some fans believe they are the same person as the Someone Like You star. Sam said: “Everyone thinks I’m Adele. We’ve never been in the same room together.” They added to The Independent: “If you slow down her voice, it sounds a bit like mine.” The Unholy singer said that people think they and Adele are the “same person,” jokingly adding: “I’m just in drag right now.” Fans had previously taken to social media to share their views on the rumours. Twitter user Terpish said: “Anyone notice that Adele isn’t at the Grammys this year? “It’s because Adele and Sam Smith are the same person and you’ll never see them both in the same place at the same time.” AbelPatson quipped: “Like Bruce Wayne & Batman or like Clarke Kent and Superman lol” Remybug38 added: “There’s a few too many conspiracy theories for my liking without this too.” Defnoodles stated: “Sam Smith says the craziest rumor they’ve heard about themselves is that they’re secretly Adele in drag. Never heard that one before.” (sic) Sam’s reaction to the rumours comes after Adele has been taking Las Vegas by storm since mid November on a tour that is set to continue until March. However, her rescheduled concert dates have been far from easy, as she admitted onstage recently. The Set Fire To The Rain singer has been battling a secret bout of sciatica, and is now forced to "waddle" around the stage. DON'T MISSDenise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking [LATEST]Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy' [NEWS]Riley Keough's husband speaks on her behalf at Lisa Marie's memorial [INSIGHT] She let slip the impact that the painful nerve condition has had on her after fans spotted her struggling to walk smoothly. "I’ve got two more, I’ve just got to get over to the other side of the stage," she announced as she attempted to hand out T-shirt launchers to the audience. She added: "I have to waddle these days as I have really bad sciatica.” According to the NHS website, the condition is most commonly caused by a slipped disc which compresses the sciatic nerve, and it causes intense shooting pain that flows from the lower back all the way down to the feet. Adele revealed that she had slipped her first disc due to sneezing aggressively at the age of 15 - and it was the same way that subsequent discs "flew out", too. She lamented that, by the time she had a C-section, her core had become "useless". "I’ve been in pain with [it] for, like, half of my life, really," the singer told The Face. "It flares up, normally due to stress or from a stupid bit of posture."