The widow of footballer Gary Speed has suffered a tragic second bereavement after it emerged that her new husband has lost his battle with brain cancer just seven months after they tied the knot. Property developer Quinton Bird, 53, a divorced father-of-three, helped Louise, 52, overcome her heartache after Wales manager Gary took his own life 12 years ago. Louise and Quinton tied the knot just over a year ago in a lavish ceremony at Peckforton Castle in Cheshire having been business partners for six years in the successful Cheshire building and renovation firm Bow Property Development. But Quinton had spent the previous 18 months fighting the aggressive form of brain tumour that finally claimed his life last summer. His father Roy, 80, said in a tribute that he and wife Jenny were “devastated” to lose their son “at such a young age”. He added that Quinton was a “wonderful” father himself and that they “had been left with a wealth of beautiful and extraordinary memories”. Guests at the couple’s wedding in November 2021 included former England captain Alan Shearer, who was a close friend of Gary's after they played together for Newcastle United. Mother-of-two Louise has revealed that the death of childhood sweetheart Gary - who took his own life in the garage of their family home in Cheshire in 2011 - had left her with many unanswered questions, and in the immediate aftermath she suffered two years of “struggling to get off the sofa”. She recalled: “It was like being in the worst nightmare possible. There were no answers and no Gary walking through the door again. Nothing was ever going to be right again.” But revealing she was in a new relationship in 2021 she added: “It's a cliché but time is a healer even if it takes years. I have learned that life can be good again, can be great again. But I tend to wear a body of armour around me the whole time, if I am honest — so that I cannot be hurt again. “I know as we go through life different things hit us and I actually think that I deal with things OK now. Nothing fazes me or scares me anymore. I just want to protect myself from life. I don't want to feel or go through anything like that ever again.”   A few weeks before Quinton’s death on June 25, his daughter from his previous marriage, Claudia, 17, set up a Gofundme page for a sponsored walk and camp out over several days in the Lakes in honour of her father and in aid of Brain Tumour Research, which has nearly reached its £5,000 target. Dedicating the ‘trek to a brain cure’, Claudia wrote: “We are a group of students planning to complete a long trek in the Lake District in honour of Quinton Bird and his fight against brain cancer. We will be camping and completing a long walk in his favourite place and would really appreciate any donations you are willing to spare! “We will be donating the money to the Brain Tumour Research charity, hoping that we can help towards a cure and hopefully give others a chance that Quinton hasn't gotten.” 