Liverpool are reportedly preparing a £42million summer swoop for Wolves ace Matheus Nunes as manager Jurgen Klopp looks to solve his team’s midfield woes. The Reds have struggled in the centre of the pitch this season and have failed to take control of matches during an underwhelming campaign. Nunes has excelled since moving to the Premier League last summer, with Klopp already paying tribute to the player. Nunes has come up against Liverpool twice this season after Wolves were drawn to face the Reds in the third round of the FA Cup. The first match at Anfield ended in a 2-2 draw earlier this month, with the replay being won 1-0 by Liverpool on Tuesday night. Both teams rested members of their respective squads for the second encounter as Harvey Elliott’s wonder strike after 13 minutes proved enough to see his team into the fourth round. But after the match at Molineux, Klopp admitted his team’s task had become more difficult after Nunes was introduced to the action as a half-time substitute. “We dropped a bit deeper, I didn't like that too much, Wolves came up a little bit,” acknowledged the German as he spoke about the second period. “In the moment when you let [Ruben] Neves in the game and it changes everything pretty much and then when Nunes is on the pitch as well then it's like twice as difficult and we did really well.” Klopp was also asked about whether he had plans to sign a midfield back in the summer when Nunes was being heavily linked with the club. At the time, he said: “Where is the need for a midfielder? I wait for the day when somebody comes to me and tells me why, exactly. Now you tell me what kind of player are we missing? One who is offensive, 1.95m and arrives into the box to head balls in? OK, apart from that!” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Nunes agreed a transfer to the Premier League from Sporting Lisbon last summer after Wolves shelled out a club record £38million to get their hands on the 24-year-old Portugal international before handing him a five-year contract. But transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says a move to Anfield will be on the cards later this year. “I can confirm, as I already said a few weeks ago, there is strong interest from Liverpool in signing Nunes in the summer,” Romano said on his YouTube channel earlier this week. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target   “Liverpool’s top target is Jude Bellingham, and this isn’t going to change as Liverpool are still in the race, and Jurgen Klopp is really pushing for him. But Liverpool will be in a race with Chelsea, Manchester City and Real Madrid for Bellingham, so let’s see what happens. “Nunes isn’t just an alternative, he’ll be one more midfielder in the sense that Liverpool will probably lose Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on a free and, from what I’m told, Naby Keita has a good chance of leaving Liverpool this summer. “This is why Nunes could be a serious option for Liverpool. I’m told that a potential move to Liverpool was already discussed with the player last summer, before he joined Wolves, so keep an eye on this possibility.” 