Kelly Brook, 43, revisited her wedding day as she sat down for a candid conversation with Vicky Pattinson on The Secret To podcast. The model and actress looked back with fondness on her happy memories despite the appearance of “biblical rain”, making it seem like “something out of a sitcom”. Kelly advised her host: “I did have rain on my wedding day, don’t go thinking you’re going to get sunshine. Have a plan B.” Asked whether she got soaked, Kelly admitted: “I got pretty wet, yeah. We all got pretty wet, yeah. It literally rained like about 5-10 minutes before we were about to say our vows… “So we all got ushered into this tower and it was honestly something out of a sitcom. “We said our vows… We were watching a woman trying to carry a harp up five flights of stairs in this ancient tower, it was like… It haunts me still now!" Asked whether anybody helped the woman, Kelly revealed: “Everyone was trying to save themselves. “I’m not talking a shower, I’m talking like biblical rain! Like, you couldn’t see your hand in front of you. “It hadn’t rained in that region for like eight months and I don’t think it has rained since,” Kelly added as she and Vicky burst out laughing. Kelly married her boyfriend of seven years Jeremy Parisi, 37, back in July 2022. The happy couple exchanged vows in Italian port town Civitavecchia, surrounded by family and friends. Kelly looked amazing in the traditional white bridal gown that featured lovely sheer lace detailing on the arms. The dress perfectly drew in the radio DJ's hourglass figure, while Jeremy looked very dapper in black three-piece suit. She wore her long brunette tresses down in soft waves, while accessorising with a veil and floral tiara on the top of her head. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' [NEWS] An inside source told a UK publication about the wedding's star studded guest list including the likes of Kylie Minogue. The source revealed: "Kelly has invited all her friends and stars like Kylie are on the guest list. "The ceremony is going to be really romantic but Kelly wants to give her family and pals a real party afterwards. "She has been in talks with a company to put on a funfair for everyone — and the drinks will be flowing all night", an inside source told The Sun. Kelly began dating her Italian beau in 2014 after watching one of his Instagram videos. Speaking about her private relationship previously, she said: "I just have to protect my partner. He’s not in the public eye and he doesn’t typically like to talk about things that we do privately. "As much as I’m a big mouth and like to tell everything that I’ve got going on, he’s the complete opposite. And I think you have to respect your partner’s wishes", she told Fabulous Magazine. Vicky Pattison: The Secret To is available to listen to on Acast and all major podcast platforms. New episodes are released every Thursday.