London Mayor Sadiq Khan has hinted the Olympic Games could be heading back to London in the next 20 years with a possible bid for 2040 under starter's orders. City Hall and the UK Government are exploring options for submitting a formal bid for a nationwide Olympics centred in London in 2040, according to MyLondon.   Sadiq Khan said they were "exploring a bid", with the potential for it to be "the greenest games ever". The Mayor of London sees the prospect of the games as a post-Covid morale boost which could extend beyond the capital, but also help address some of London's long-term transport and infrastructure issues, similarly to 2012 which gave birth to a host of developments in Stratford. Mr Khan told MyLondon: "We're working with colleagues to get a bid explored. 2032 and 2036 are a done deal. The attraction of a deal for 2040 for London is it would be the greenest Olympics ever - watch this space."  Mr Khan spoke about a potential Olympic bid during a trip to the US in 2022 when he told ITV news the cost of staging the event again in the capital would not be "humongous" because of existing infrastructure in place from the 2012 games. The UK Government also indicated Britain's long and successful track record of staging major sporting events could spur on a 2040 deal especially after the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last year. Sustainability and the environmental impact will be a key feature of any bid and could involve using some of the 2012 venues. A UK Government source said: “The UK has a long and successful track record of staging major sporting events that have the power to deliver wide-ranging economic benefits. These events bring the nation together, inspire greater participation and enhance our global reputation and a future Olympic Games could do just that. We’ve shown the world what we can do with London 2012 with our fantastic sportsmen and sportswomen making our country proud.” Both City Hall and Whitehall's push towards a 2040 bid comes as Team GB got a record 65-medal haul in the Tokyo 2020 games. Team GB matched the number earned during the Olympics in London in 2012, and is only two short of the record Rio total in 2016. There were also 22 gold medals won - the fourth-best performance by a British team. READ MORE: Exact time polar vortex could dump snow and ice blast onto Britain - mapped Last year, British Olympic Association (BOA) chiefs also met with International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach over the process about a possible bid for Britain's fourth Olympics. The IOC recently changed its rules so regions or countries can now bid for the Olympics rather than only one city and this could also allow a four nations games to take place. However, a future Olympic bid would be likely to face competition from other cities. London would become the first city to host the summer Games on four occasions, having hosted in 1908, 1948 as well as 2012. Lib Dem MP for Twickenham Munira Wilson welcomed the prospect of the games returning to the capital. She said: "London is the best city on earth and easily the best place for hosting the Olympics. I know Londoners will rally around the idea of hosting the 2040 games and do an even better job than 2012, which brought the whole country together.” Major sporting icons including Sir Mo Farah and Boxing Legend Amir Khan are also backing the games to return to London. The next Olympic Games will be held in Paris next year, which has spurred the development of four new metro lines, a modernisation programme for one of the city's busiest lines (RER B) and the redevelopment of major suburban transport interchanges all in anticipation. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton paints the town red in stunning scarlet £1,980 suit at star-studded event