Janette Manrara might appear to always be ultra-focused and disciplined, but she has since admitted that there are days when she feels deeply "unmotivated and uninspired". The former Strictly Come Dancing star, who is married to fellow dancer Aljaz Skorjanec, revealed that, for her, the key to dealing with difficulties was to exercise. "Woke up this morning feeling 'meh'. Unmotivated, uninspired (and I have a lot to do)," the Miami born dancer confessed in a candid message on her Instagram account. "So... I put my gym gear on and hit the gym, then came home and dressed up to meet a friend and now I'm back to happier me!" she continued. "Wanted to share this to express how much being physically active and socialising can help when you're having those tougher days." In a bid to encourage others who felt the same, she added: "So next time you feel 'meh,' get moving, call a friend, write, mediate, or pop on something that you love, whatever works for you!" READ NOW: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row She signed off with a heart emoji, urging her followers: "We all have funny days, [but] it's how we deal with them that matters." Janette continued the personal growth theme by posting a photo of a quote from a book assuring readers: "You are so incredibly enough." @nilsh79 wrote back to tell her how inspired she felt by the words, explaining: "Just started believing this after years of being told I'm not." Janette feels so strongly about the sentiment that she has already published it in two separate Instagram posts this year alone. In another message, reposted from @thespirituallyrich.co, she shared that "the habits you choose today will be reflected in the woman you see in the mirror six months from now." The post added: "Choose wisely, sis. You're so worthy." @cazc730 replied jokingly: "Agreed… if only dieting and exercise was quite as easy in January as it is in June!" Last week, however, Janette enjoyed some toastier temperatures during a post-Christmas beach day with her mother and brother in her native Miami.  Followers praised that she "must have her mother's genes" after catching sight of her ageless skin in the snap. She also caught up with her aunt and cousins during her extended festive break. Janette is now back in the UK and admitted earlier that she had been working relentlessly at her computer all day, asking fans jokingly whether it was Friday yet. Meanwhile, she admitted recently that she and Aljaz's decision to step away from working on Strictly full time has massively improved the quality of their relationship with each other. After the 2020 series, Janette announced she was leaving the show to be Zoe Ball's replacement on It Takes Two, while Aljaz was next to bid viewers farewell, telling them he was building an acting career instead. Janette has since admitted this was the right decision for her, as it prevented them from being separated so much. "When [Aljaz] was doing Strictly, I would barely see him because we were on different schedules!" she exclaimed to the Mirror. "It takes over your life [but] now I spend a lot more time with him, which is really nice!"