Each week, Channel 4 Throughout the episodes shown last week, fans saw Jeremy transition his six-bedroom Spanish home in time for a grand party at the end of the week. Deciding to move to the Spanish region of Andalusia with his small Westie dog Hugo, the business owner purchased an unused hostel for €90,000 in Cantoria. Having spent £20,000 to renovate the property, Jeremy’s Casta Dolly has been busy with guests as he revealed his reviews on Booking.com are currently at 9.5. Although viewers saw Jeremy have some concern about breaking even during the show, he admitted to having no regrets.  READ MORE:Amazon 'axe' Clarkson’s Fam and The Grand Tour  Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “It was always a dream to come to Spain, not necessarily open a business, but I wasn't sure at what age or time I would do it. “With Covid and what was happening in the world I just thought, ‘I’m going, I’m going to sell the house.' “I renovated the house and I just thought with what I’ve got, I’m going to go to Spain and do my dream.” Admitting that he hadn’t visited Cantoria beforehand, Jeremy saw what people were able to get for their money which is where he discovered the hostel.     Seeing the potential the property had, Jeremy admitted the location was perfect and decided to put an offer in during June 2021 before making the move in September.  He commented: “It’s been absolutely amazing and very overwhelming. I still pinch myself that I’m here and that I’ve done it. “Doing it on your own, was not going to give me a challenge but it was always going to be like, ‘Well, how is this going to work out?’ DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 2 listeners threaten to boycott as Ken Bruce quits [REACTION] Maya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [VIDEO] Coronation Street viewers spot blunder in Summer Spellman kidnapping [SOAP]    “But I’m quite a determined person and when I set my mind to something I put everything into it.” However, when it came to speaking about the main challenges he’s found since starting up Casta Dolly, Jeremy confessed it was the language barrier. Not speaking fluent Spanish, he detailed how the majority of his guests that visit him are from the country with a small percentage being split between Dutch and British guests. Although he added that since living there for over a year and a half he’s continuing to learn each day, especially with the help of his customers.  jeremy continued: “Most of the guests sort of understand what I’m saying and I use a translator. “They get their phones out and at breakfast, they ask me questions like, ‘How did you come here? We love your house.' “Everyone’s been brilliant so far, my reviews on Booking.com are 9.5. There’s some lovely feedback that’s come back, but it was always going to be Spain for me.” A New Life in the Sun continues weekdays on Channel 4 from 4pm.  