Eagle-eyed fans of post-apocalyptic drama The Walking Dead, which ended its hugely successful 11-season run in November last year, took to an online forum to share a glaring continuity error in episode nine of the final season. The thrilling episode saw Maggie (played by Lauren Cohan) and her group play a game of cat and mouse with the Reapers, killing several. The episode marked a turning point for many characters with the climax fast forwarding six months and showing Maggie and her community having a standoff with Daryl (played by Norman Reedus) and Commonwealth soldiers. The episode, titled No Other Way, is a thrilling one but it does have one big continuity flaw. At one point, Daryl is caught in a classroom and fights one of the Pope’s (Ritchie Coster) men. He has him in a corner by the door as a Walker approaches but is quickly killed by people on the other side of the door. As fans would expect, the glass on the door is noticeably splattered before someone breaks it down. READ MORE: The Walking Dead's Negan star hints at Maggie betrayal in Dead City However, once they get inside the classroom, the splatter appears to have vanished from the glass, the fan pointed out on Movie Mistakes. While the show was hugely acclaimed and beloved by fans this wasn’t the first error to make it to the screen during its 11-season run. One of the most famous errors was the question of Carl’s age. Played by Chandler Riggs, audiences witnessed him grow from an adorable 10-year-old to a strapping 18-year-old even though eight years did not appear to have passed in the show. Indeed, a timeline confirmed by AMC, who produced the show, indicated that only three years had passed in between those seasons leaving his ageing a point of confusion. The character met a grisly end in season eight after being bitten on the torso by a Walker. Another continuity point that astonished fans was the mysterious appearance of a tattoo on Norman Reedus. In real life, Reedus got a new tattoo in 2019 - a small skull on his hand. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead's Eugene star hints at spin-off return 'More to tell'The Walking Dead fans in meltdown over 'new zombie' in Dead City promoThe Walking Dead season 11: Hidden Alpha nod in gruesome Lydia twist While the groups never encountered an abandoned tattoo shop with working equipment, the makeup department never covered it. This left people wondering if they just hadn’t noticed it for the previous eight years. The Walking Dead bowed out after 177 episodes but has spawned several spin-offs. Fear the Walking Dead began in 2015, The Walking Dead: World Beyond ran between 2020 and 2021 and Tales of the Walking Dead proved hugely popular last year. Three further spinoffs have also been announced involving some of the show’s most popular stars. The Walking Dead: Dead City will follow Maggie and Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) as they form an unlikely alliance. Meanwhile, Reedus will reappear in his own spin-off after Carol Peletier actor Melissa McBride had to bow out of the project. Then there’s an untitled spin-off featuring the hugely popular characters of Rick and Michonne played by Andrew Lincoln and Danai Gurira, respectively. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream on Disney+ in the UK now.