Prince Andrew’s attempts to restore his reputation and return to public life have been criticised in recent weeks, with reports suggesting that the Duke of York’s hopes will likely go unfulfilled. It has been claimed that the late Queen Elizabeth II’s second son is looking to overturn the out-of-court settlement he reached almost one year ago with his accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre. In order to do so, Andrew would reportedly have to file a “motion to vacate the stipulation of settlement” and prove such things as a mistake, accident, fraud or duress took place. It has been reported that his brother King Charles III respects Andrew has a right to try and clear his name, but any hopes of paving his way back to official duties are fanciful. With Charles as monarch, Andrew’s stints in the limelight have decreased, contrasting with the Duke’s surprise appearances alongside his mother last year. But according to a royal expert, the “puzzle” of the Queen’s attachment to her second son overshadowed another important opinion. Clive Irving, author of The Last Queen, argued that amid discussions surrounding late Queen Elizabeth’s “attachment” to Andrew, palace watchers “missed something” — the Duke of Edinburgh’s view of his second son. Referring to Tina Brown’s The Palace Papers and writing for The Daily Beast, Mr Irving said: “Brown quotes him [Prince Philip] saying that Andrew was a ‘natural boss’. He also, in 1993, complained that Charles was ‘not king material’. If anything, that assessment is more ominous for the future of the monarchy than mummy’s reluctance to send Andrew to Elba.” In her book, Ms Brown wrote: “Philip liked to say that his second son was a ‘natural boss’. Andrew’s temperament — hearty, robust, disruptive — was more compatible with Philip than Charles. He was less vulnerable to his father’s casual Teutonic insensitivities…” Elsewhere, she recalled the infamous leak of a private phone call between Charles and his then-mistress Camilla Parker Bowles. Nicknamed Tampon Gate, the tape laid bare the couple’s affair and left them “mortified”. READ MORE: Charles may sleep in unique bed at Parliament on eve of Coronation Ms Brown wrote: “The Queen, who had always been restrained about her disapproval of Camilla, was frozen with disgust. Prince Philip ruminated that Charles was ‘not King material’.” There has been much speculation about Charles and Philip’s relationship, with their striking differences in characteristics often being pointed out. Netflix’s The Crown tackled the complications of the father-son dynamic, with their bond often being depicted as difficult and strained. In her 1988 book Charles, royal biographer Penny Junor claimed Philip “had a very difficult relationship with [his son] Charles”. She wrote: “They didn’t speak to each other as normal father and son.” Charles became next in line to the throne when he was three years old. His father took it upon himself to groom his son to become the next British monarch. As a child, Charles was said to have been introverted who preferred art and books over sports, an inclination that reportedly bothered his father, who pushed him to be “less sensitive”. In a 2016 interview with royal biographer Gyles Brandreth, the Duke of Edinburgh said: “Charles is a romantic – and I am a pragmatist. That means we do see things differently and because I don’t see things as a romantic would, I am unfeeling.” In contrast, as Ms Brown mentioned, Andrew and Philip’s temperaments were more “compatible”. DON'T MISS:Kate's heartfelt new project shows Harry and Meghan's problem [LIVEBLOG]Piers Morgan warns Charles against inviting Meghan and Harry [VIDEO]Meghan Markle 'brings out the worst in Harry' after 'charming' prince [CLAIM] According to Nigel Cawthorne, who wrote Prince Andrew: Epstein and the Palace, Philip saw an instant “connection” with Andrew when he was born. In his book, he claimed the Duke and the Royal Family thought of the pair as “identical” with similar mannerisms, something that delighted Philip. Mr Cawthorne went on to reveal that Philip seemed more protective of Andrew, and in return, he “was not put out by his father's commands and bonded closely with him”. However, their relationship did not come without tension. When Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson got divorced in 1996, Philip expressed his discontent: “Everything I have worked for 40 years has been in vain.” Philip was also said to have strongly disapproved of his son’s friendship with Jeffrey Epstein, which Andrew addressed in his disastrous 2019 Newsnight interview that ultimately led to his royal demise. At the time of the Duke of Edinburgh’s death in April 2021, it is understood that Charles’ relationship with his father had grown closer. And Andrew seemingly still had huge respect for him, as he made apparent in a pre-recorded interview for the BBC that aired shortly after Philip’s death, explaining that he used to read to them when they were children. He said: “Like any other family at the time, your parents went out to work in the day. But in the evening, just the same as any other family, we would get together, we would sit on the sofa as a group and he would read to us.” The Last Queen by Clive Irving was published by Biteback Publishing and is available here. The Palace Papers by Tina Brown was published by Century and is available here. 