Whether you're looking to revamp your garden fence or need to make some essential repairs following a bout of windy weather, knowing which side of the fence is rightfully yours is crucial before making any changes. Not least to avoid wasting money on something that isn't yours, but also to avoid unnecessary disputes with the owners of neighbouring properties. Going by what you think, or what has always appeared to be your fence is one way to proceed, but digging deeper into the history of your property is the only way to really know. As most fences built between terraced or semi-detached properties lie between two neighbours, it can be difficult to tell who is responsible for the fence when it comes to updates and repairs. While many people rely on the common rule that each property has rights over the left or right side of their boundary, an expert at AVS Fencing has warned against this popular custom. They said: "Forget anything you've been told about 'left-hand' or 'right-hand' rules - they don't exist. Looking can give you a clue: walls and fences are most likely to have been built on the land that belongs to the boundary’s owner with the further edge of the wall marking the actual boundary. "You can often guess who owns a fence by looking at where the frames are – the builders or property owners should have put the fence up facing away from their own property so their neighbour gets the 'good' side." READ MORE: Plumber’s £1 method to remove toilet limescale - will look ‘like new’ The fencing expert noted that this should be repeated with the neighbour on the other side so each home has one "bad" and one "good" side. However, the use of double-sided fence panels can make this confusing. If you're still unsure about who owns what side of the fence in your garden, it is worth taking a look at the paperwork that documents specific details regarding boundaries. Renters should ask their landlord to check these legalities, though homeowners can access the documents themselves. The AVS fencing expert said: "If you own your home you should find a copy in your paperwork or ask the solicitor who did your conveyancing. "If the information is not listed on the title plans, you'll have to check the plans that are registered with the Land Registry (which may charge a small fee to access). Ensure that you are on the official GOV.UK website as there are several copycats, official-looking websites that will charge you unnecessary fees." DON'T MISS:Homeowner 'blocked' from building extension by neighbour's gate post [INSIGHT]Homeowner threatens court action over neighbour's 'dangerous' boundary [REVEAL]Row over woman for reserving parking spot daily with wheelie bin [INSIDER] Once you have access to the plans, you should look for a "T" mark to indicate who owns the boundary where the fence in question has been built. Sole ownership of the boundary is indicated by a "T" on one side of the line. If this falls on your side, this means you have full responsibility for maintaining it. If two "T's" are joined to create an "H" shape, the boundary is the joint responsibility of both neighbours, also known as a party fence. This requires some communication with the other owner of the boundary as you will need to come to your own agreement regarding the financial cost of decorating, repairing, or replacing the fence. READ MORE: Ring doorbell users urged to check 3 app settings to protect privacy Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to the experts at AVS Fencing, you can buy out your neighbour if you want "claim" sole ownership of the fence in addition to your own boundary. However, this is not a straightforward task and requires applicants are required to go through a proper, legally recorded sale process to make this official. It is important to note that in England and Wales, there is no obligation for boundary ownership to be specified on the title deeds and the rules also differ in Scotland and Northern Ireland. If you find that this is the case for your home, you can try checking the registry of Deeds which holds records of unregistered land. Or, you can strike a boundary agreement with your neighbours. The fencing experts noted that this will "put everything down on paper" and can "officially be recorded as an ongoing legal document", saving future owners the hassle of a fencing dispute. If your neighbour owns the fence but you have one side of it on show in your garden, it is possible to make changes to it - but only if you get their permission first. The AVS Fencing expert said: "This isn't normally a problem between neighbours, but remember that any paint or stain that you apply is likely to slightly bleed through to the other side of the fencing. Hence it's a good idea to coordinate your annual fence treatment day with your neighbour, where any bleed-through can be dealt with while the treatment or paint is still wet." Hanging items from your side of the neighbour's fence is also "not technically allowed" without permission. This also applies to climbing plants which could compromise the integrity of the fence. If your neighbour won't repair their side of the fence, there's not much you can do to change their mind. However, it is possible to erect your own fence alongside theirs, as long as it is within your side of the property boundary. This allows you to conceal the look of an unsightly neighbouring fence without having to liaise with the owners next door.