Big four supermarket Morrisons has recalled a popular pasta sauce due to undeclared milk. The supermarket and Food Standards Agency (FSA) have advised customers with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents not to consume the product. Product details: Morrisons Tomato and Chilli Pasta Sauce Pack size: 350g Use by: January 25, 2023 READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving bread - 'lasts 6 times longer' The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement regarding the recent recall. It stated: "This product contains milk making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." The statement added: "The product also contains pepperoni which is not on the ingredients list." The FSA reassured customers that a lot of steps were being taken to ensure the safety of all affected customers. "Morrisons is recalling the above product from customers and have been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." The supermarket's notice read: "Morrisons is recalling the above date code of this product because there is a risk that some packs may contain milk and pepperoni which don't appear in the ingredients list of its label." READ MORE: You could ripen an avocado in just 10 minutes by putting it in oven It explained that this product poses a risk to those with an allergy or intolerance to milk. However, the supermarket assured shoppers that no other Morrisons products are affected by the food recall. Affected customers should return the pasta sauce to their nearest Morrisons branch, no receipt required. The FSA echoed the supermarket's advice: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." The FSA explained why food recalls occur: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."