Romance scams involve a criminal creating a fake online identity to gain a victim’s love, affection and trust. Scammers will then use this relationship to ask for cash, pulling on the heartstrings of a person, before disappearing with their money. As Valentine’s Day approaches, and many Britons are on the look out for love, it could sadly leave them vulnerable to being targeted in this way. The bank has reported a 43 percent increase in romance scams, which earned the fraudsters £16million in the first half of 2022 alone. Now, Britons are being warned to stay on their guard to protect against being scammed in this way. Baz Thomas, Metro Bank’s head of fraud and investigations, said: “You cannot underestimate how callous and unfeeling these type of scammers are – no matter how charming they initially appear. READ MORE: State pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned “Just like a real relationship, they are prepared to invest time and patience in getting to know you to make you feel that you are in a real relationship, but it is always with a payday in their sights. “The requests for money or support may start small – but they will quickly escalate. “The most common lies can be highly emotive with requests for money for medical treatment or emergency travel. “Our customers who have been scammed would tell you to never give money to someone you have not met.” DON'T MISSState pension age hike could lose Britons £16,902 [ANALYSIS]State pension age hike ‘will make Tories opposition’ [INSIGHT]WASPI women hit out as state pension age set to be hiked [LATEST] Metro Bank unpacked the key warning signs Britons should look out for to avoid being targeted in this way. Firstly, declarations of love or strong feelings after only a few conversations are typically a tactic used by scammers to reel in unsuspecting victims. Similarly, scammers are likely to ask a person lots of personal questions, but not share details about themselves. Scammers often duck video calls or requests to meet in person, as such actions would reveal they are not who they say they are. READ MORE: State pension petition for payment rise due Government response These criminals often use a variety of pressure tactics to target their victims. Victims can often be pressured to move away from dating websites to text, and scammers will often ask individuals to act quickly on their requests. In this sense, any requests for financial support are a huge red flag a scam is taking place. Scammers commonly ask for gift cards, PayPal, or direct money requests via wire services, as some of these can be harder to trace. Mr Thompson concluded: “Fraud is the most common crime in the UK, and there are simply not enough resources to fight it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Consumers need to do more to protect themselves – so if you are being pressured to act quickly, or give money, please be aware that this is likely to be a scam. “Stop, Challenge and Protect yourself from becoming a scam victim.” Sadly, romance scams can lose people substantial amounts of cash, and can have major implications. One woman told the BBC how she was cruelly scammed out of £113,000 by a fraudster who claimed to be in trouble. While another man lost over £50,000 and took out a second mortgage for a scammer he described as a “very convincing liar and actor”.