Britney Spears, 41, has lashed out at some of her fans for making “prank phone calls” and taking things “a little too far” after concerns were sparked over her wellbeing. The Toxic hitmaker took to Twitter to plead with fans to “respect my privacy” after the police arrived at her address, but “left immediately”. She wrote in a statement shared earlier today: “As everyone knows the police were called to my house based on some prank phone calls. “I love and adore my fans but this time things went a little too far and my privacy was invaded.” Britney continued: “This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied once the incident made it to the news and being portrayed once again in a poor and unfair light by the media. “During this time in my life, I truly hope the public and my fans who I care so much about can respect my privacy moving forward.” The pop superstar signed off the message with: “All the love, B.” Britney had recently sparked fears from fans as she deactivated her Instagram profile just days after getting a new tattoo that also sparked speculation. Some fans theorised the new inking was a tribute to her ex-boyfriend, Justin Timberlake. But last week, Britney set the record straight as she explained the real reason behind her latest tattoo. Online users had been speculating whether the inking was a tribute to her relationship with former NSYNC member Justin Timberlake. Britney initially caused a stir by posting snaps to Instagram, showing her getting a tattoo in her hotel room while holidaying in Hawaii. She said on her Instagram story: “I simply did it because I wanted to! “The pic with my ex is a time where there was less confusion on what it meant to be together. DON'T MISS Piers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' [NEWS] “It is what it is!" Britney concluded. Britney married husband Sam Asghari in an intimate wedding ceremony held at their LA mansion in June last year. Fans were also left confused in December when Britney seemingly informed fans about the purported name change while posing naked in a shower video. The mum-of-two re-shared an intimate clip showing her enjoying a shower while posing seductively. Britney accompanied the racy post with a cryptic caption suggesting she had “changed her name” to Brooklyn. In the clip, the singer looked at the camera while cupping her cleavage with her hands. The pop star captioned the post: “Changed my name to Brooklyn !!!” More recently, the singer has also cryptically changed her Instagram name to River Red and posted a picture of Mars while addressing the name change in the caption.