Arsenal are reportedly closing in on signing Chelsea midfielder Jorginho as they turn their attention away from Brighton star Moises Caicedo. The Gunners have seen two bids rejected for the latter and are now prioritising getting a signing through the door rather than negotiating. Mikel Arteta has made it no secret that he is keen to sign a midfielder this month, speaking in press conferences about how he feels his squad lacks cover in the centre of the park. The Spaniard has prioritised acquiring cover for Thomas Partey, with Mohamed Elneny currently ruled out with injury. Caicedo was identified as a top target following his impressive start to the season with Brighton, but the south coast outfit are not willing to part ways with the Ecuador international. They have rejected two bids from Arsenal for his services, as well as one from Chelsea. The Seagulls have insisted that Caicedo will not be leaving the club this month, prompting Arteta to call for other options to be explored. According to Florian Plettenberg, the north London outfit are ‘close’ to securing the signature of Jorginho. Arteta is a long-term admirer of the Italy international and it has been agreed that he would be apt cover in the centre of the park. Jorginho is out of contract at the end of the season and yet to pen a contract extension at Stamford Bridge, with the general consensus being that he would leave the club in the summer. Thus, the Blues may be willing to part ways with their No 5, knowing that it is their last chance to cash in on his services. It will also clear room for new signing Enzo Fernandez, who is expected to join the club form Benfica in a deal worth £115million. Chelsea will be well-aware that they are strengthening a rival in the long-term, despite them currently being 10th and Arsenal sitting five-points clear at the top, which is likely to be reflected in the price. Though they will also be keen to negotiate given that Conor Gallagher is likely to remain at the club. The England international rejected the opportunity to join Everton earlier this week, determined to break into Graham Potter’s first team more regularly. Though he will need to improve markedly if he is to be able to compete with Fernandez, who shone at the World Cup with Argentina.