A house blaze sparked by an e-bike battery has claimed one life and left another person seriously injured, Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service (MFRS) has confirmed. MFRS released a public statement to say they were called to a serious fire at 3am on Sunday, January 8. Four fire engines arrived at the scene eight minutes later and found a semi-detached home well alight on the ground floor. Four firefighters entered the property wearing breathing apparatus and used hose reel jets to extinguish the fire while also searching for occupants. Two people were found in the home and carried out of the property by firefighters, reports the Liverpool Echo. Firefighters and North West Ambulance Service paramedics did CPR on the occupants. One of the residents died at the scene and the other is in a serious condition in hospital. A further person who managed to escape the property and raise the alarm after being woken by smoke alarms was also taken to hospital suffering from severe smoke inhalation. A joint investigation between MFRS and Merseyside Police has revealed the fire was accidental and caused by an e-bike left charging overnight. The fire had rapidly taken hold and spread quickly through open internal doors. Area Manager Mark Thomas said: “This is a devastating incident and our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of those involved. We are also mindful of the impact that the incident will have on the local community at this time and we will be on hand to offer our support in the coming days.  "I would like also to commend the efforts of our fire control staff who offered help to callers, our fire crews who attempted rescues, also working with NWAS who combined made every effort to provide emergency resuscitation for the casualties. This tragedy highlights the very real risks posed by e-bikes, which we have confirmed as the source of the fire. "We would ask that people don’t leave any electrical appliance – particularly e-bikes and scooters - charging unattended and definitely not while you are asleep when we are all at our most vulnerable. Also consider if you are leaving the bike or scooter in the way of your escape route should you need to evacuate in darkness. "I would also urge people to follow the manufacturer’s instructions, only using batteries and chargers which have been supplied with the vehicle or approved by the manufacturer. Make a bedtime routine ensuring all internal doors are closed as this will slow the progress of a fire if one should happen. "In this incident, the resident who raised the alarm was able to do so as smoke alarms had alerted them- please ensure you have working smoke alarms on every level of your home and check them regularly.” Firefighters and MFRS prevention staff will visit the local area to provide vital fire safety advice and complete home fire safety checks as part of a reassurance campaign in the coming days. 