After Juventus were docked 15 points recently, some Manchester United fans on social media were clamouring for the return of Paul Pogba. However, given past comments made by the midfielder, that doesn’t seem to be a possibility. Not even a remote one, either. United brought Pogba back to Old Trafford in the summer transfer window of 2016, believing he could be a ticket to Premier League title glory. However, while he won the EFL Cup and Europa League in his firs season at the club, his Hollywood homecoming never worked out. Pogba left back in the summer after never getting the offer of a new contract that he’d hoped for. But his second stint at Juventus isn’t going too well, either. On Friday, the Serie A giants were docked 15 points after an investigation into their past transfer dealings. That, coupled with the fact Pogba is yet to make a single competitive outing for the Old Lady, has sparked some fans into calling for him to return. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But comments made by the midfielder last year suggests he’d never consider it. First, he took aim at the club for the way they handled his situation - insisting they made him a ‘nothing’ contract offer. Speaking during an Amazon Prime documentary called ‘The Pogmentary‘, Pogba said: “My thought process is to show Manchester (United) that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract. “And to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract.” He also added:  “How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing? Never seen that.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Pogba, in September, made it clear how happy he was at Juventus now he was rid of United. “I like to think and say that it is my heart that made the choice to come back to Juventus. It was also maybe the right time to come back here,” Pogba told GQ Italia. “The last three years in Manchester, also conditioned by injuries, did not go the way I wanted, it’s not a mystery. “Juventus came from two years in which they did not win the Scudetto. It was a good challenge for both of us, and maybe it was the right time to get together and try to take back our rightful place: me and Juventus. “Inside of me I know that this jersey is very special. It brings out my best. We built a good history with this team, which I never forgot even when I left. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Coming back here for me is always a reason to push even harder, to stimulate myself to do well. I never had any doubt that this is were I belong.” United are keen to plan for a brighter future with Erik ten Hag at the helm. And that means one without Pogba, regardless of what’s happening over in Italy. Juventus are planning to appeal their points deduction, aware it would be a catastrophic blow as they look to qualify for the Champions League. And whether the penalty is upheld remains to be seen. Former United star Jesse Lingard, meanwhile, thinks the Red Devils were to blame for Pogba’s failure to produce. “There is no control, no structure or balance. People do what they like. It is like a free-for-all,” he said. “Like what happened with Paul, he’s one of the best midfielders in the world, I have known him since he was 16. “It did not happen at United, so something is wrong.”