Cristiano Ronaldo suffered defeat in potentially the last-ever meeting between himself and Lionel Messi but also suffered a black eye in the process. The 37-year-old started for a Saudi All-Star XI against Paris Saint-Germain in a friendly match, as both he and Messi were on target. The Argentine scored the opening goal of the game, but Ronaldo got a brace while the Ligue 1 giants came out on top 5-4. After the recent World Cup winning captain broke the deadlock just three minutes into the game in Riyadh, the Saudi side swung a cross into the box for Ronaldo as they looked to equalise. Ronaldo’s former Real Madrid team-mate Keylor Navas attempted to punch the cross clear but connected with the 37-year-old striker’s face as he gave away a penalty. Ronaldo clutched his face as he fell to the ground in pain, but got back to his feet and tucked away the spot kick for his first goal in Saudi Arabia. Kylian Mbappe was even spotted taunting Ronaldo for his bruise after colliding with Navas alongside the referee, who later sent off Juan Bernat. The French side re-took the lead with ten men, however, when Marquinhos headed home from a corner. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A second penalty was awarded, this time to PSG, but Neymar’s feeble effort was comfortably saved before Ronaldo then got his second of the day. He connected with a cross but his header hit the post, rebounding back to the Portugal striker to tap home. Ronaldo was in action against several of his former team-mates, another was Sergio Ramos who put PSG back ahead before Jang Hyun-soo equalised at 3-3. There was no chance of a Ronaldo hat-trick, as he was substituted off after an hour. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting' Mbappe also scored from the spot and a goal from young striker Hugo Ekitike gave the visitors a two-goal advantage before Anderson Talisca pulled a goal back. Ronaldo was withdrawn after suffering an appeared bruised cheekbone, having tested it before slotting his penalty past Navas after the goalkeeper had collided with Al Nassr’s newest star. He was all smiles, however, after getting his second goal and pointed his bright red cheek out to Mbappe before the second half. The French star smiled back at Ronaldo in front of the 68,000 fans at the King Fahd International Stadium that came out to watch Messi and Ronaldo battle for potentially the final time in their careers. The pair last met when Ronaldo’s Juventus side defeated Messi and Barcelona 3-0 in the Champions League group stages in October 2020, but the exhibition match over two years later saw both iconic forwards treated to massive applauses as they were both substituted off in the second half.