Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is set to make seven changes from the FA Cup win over Oxford to take on Tottenham in Sunday's north London derby. The Gunners can extend their lead over Manchester City at the top of the Premier League to eight points with a win. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to select. Aaron Ramsdale was given the night off against Oxford on Monday. Matt Turner stood in and was solid in between the sticks. The American continues to push his case as a solid back-up keeper following his arrival last summer. But Ramsdale will come back in for this one, with Nick Pope the only goalkeeper to have kept more clean sheets than his England rival so far this season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Gabriel is the only member of the defence who will keep his place from the game at the Kassam Stadium. Kieran Tierney will be replaced by Oleksandr Zinchenko, who has cemented his spot as the first-choice left-back for Arteta. Ben White will swap straight in for Takehiro Tomiyasu on the other side of defence. William Saliba is still just a yellow card away from suspension and will be wary of getting booked ahead of the visit of Manchester United next weekend, but he will replace Rob Holding.  Arteta has settled on his preferred midfield this season. Thomas Partey has shone in the holding role and no other player in the Arsenal squad can provide what he gives to the team. Partey was absent for Arsenal's only defeat in the league so far this season at Manchester United, which stresses his importance. Ahead of him will see captain Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka return in place of Fabio Vieira and Albert Sambi Lokonga. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag requires Glazers green light on two signings after WeghorstChelsea and Tottenham can sign themselves a warrior after contract talks failMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  Bukayo Saka was substituted with an injury against Oxford. However, Arteta says he should be fine and he trained with the squad on Friday. He and Gabriel Martinelli have started every Premier League match so far this season and that is set to continue. Eddie Nketiah has scored four goals in four games since Christmas and will be aiming to continue his form with a first goal in a north London derby. Arsenal expected XI vs Tottenham in full: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Partey, Odegaard, Xhaka; Saka, Nketiah, Martinelli. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 