The Duke of Sussex's decision to share intimate details about his "todger" in the bestselling book Spare has shocked US commentator Megyn Kelly. Prince Harry, the former Fox News host claimed, revealed a "complete lack of dignity" by speaking candidly about the bitter consequences his trip to the North Pole in 2011 had on his nether region. Appearing in her podcast The Megyn Kelly Show, the commentator said: "This example of the todger is so interesting to me because it reveals a complete lack of dignity." She continued: "No normal person, never mind man, would read a passage that way, the intonation on it, write about it in the first place. "You want to do a tell-all, okay. What kind of a man would share a story like that, that’s about his intimate parts so openly with detail and the word cream associated. "I’m just sorry but most men would have every instinct to say there are some things that are too personal enough for public consumption." In his tell-all memoir released last Tuesday, Harry spoke about his unforgettable trip to the North Pole in the spring of 2011 with members of the Walking with the Wounded organisation, which helps veterans transitioning from military to civilian life. This trip was one of the important steps which led the Duke of Sussex to dedicate much of his work to supporting service personnel and veterans who were left sick, injured or wounded during their time in the Army. The gruesome trip, however, also left him with frostbitten cheeks, fingertips and, as he revealed in the book while discussing the dinner he had with King Charles and Prince William on the eve of the Prince and Princess of Wales' wedding in April 2011, a frostbitten penis. Harry didn't spare details on the treatment he adopted, saying a friend "urged" him to use an Elizabeth Arden ointment on the sore part which, the Duke said, was "oscillating between extremely sensitive and borderline traumatised". READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle issue response to Jeremy Clarkson Speaking about the treatment he adopted, Harry wrote: "My mum used that on her lips. You want me to put that on my todger?" Despite his first reluctance, the fifth-in-line to the throne was reassured the cream worked, which pushed him to find some and use it. He wrote: "I found a tube, and the minute I opened it, the smell transported me through time. I felt as if my mother was right there in the room." Beauty brand Elizabeth Arden has been a favourite for several years among royals, and was granted a royal warrant by Queen Elizabeth II. Despite this bizarre detail, Prince Harry's 416-page memoir is mainly focused on detailing how he lived, and often struggled, under the media eye. Discussing his first tour in Afghanistan between 2007 and 2008, the royal recalled how he felt normal and anonymous for the first time in his life while, as a forward air controller, he was being addressed only by a military nickname by servicemen and women who had no idea who he was. The loss of his mother Princess Diana is also heavily present in the book, with Harry saying how for years he had refused to admit to himself the Princess had died in a car crash but, rather, he preferred to think she had just disappeared. A first degree of closure came to the Duke when, during his first visit to Paris, he asked his chauffeur to drive through the Alma tunnel, where Diana's car crashed in 1997, at the exact same speed her car was going.