Former Arsenal and Liverpool defender Kolo Toure has been unceremoniously sacked by Wigan Athletic after spending just 59 days in charge of the Championship strugglers. The 41-year-old was appointed by the Latics to replace Leam Richardson back in November but failed to win any of his first nine matches and has already paid the price with his job. Wigan are currently rooted to the bottom of the Championship table after a dismal season to date and look set for an immediate return to League One unless their next manager is able to put things right over the coming weeks and months. The news of Toure's exit was made official on Thursday evening via an official club statement, which read: "Wigan Athletic can confirm that they have parted company with First Team Manager, Kolo Toure. "Toure arrived at the DW Stadium in November 2022, but after a run of results that sees the club in a fight for survival in the Sky Bet Championship, the board believe that this is the right time to make a change. "We can confirm that Kevin Betsy and Ashvir Johal have also left the club. First team matters will be taken on by the remaining coaching staff during this interim period, with the club working quickly to identify and appoint a new manager of the football club." JUST IN: Neville being made to look silly by Arsenal duo Arteta and Zinchenko Wigan chief executive Malachy Brannigan added: "Firstly, I’d like to thank Kolo, along with Kevin and Ash, for their efforts during their time at the football club. "Unfortunately, the results on the field have not been as we would have liked and as tough a decision as this was, the Board felt it necessary to give us the best possible chance of remaining a Championship club next season. "We know that this time of year is a key period for any football club, ourselves included. Therefore, we will now work swiftly and effectively to ensure the right person is appointed as the next permanent manager of Wigan Athletic, with the immediate objective of remaining in the second tier for next season." Wigan will likely be hoping to appoint their next manager in advance of their upcoming Championship match against Blackburn Rovers, with the Latics set for a two-week break prior to returning to league action. Toure's final game in charge was a home defeat at the hands of Luton Town last Saturday, which capped off a disappointing record of three draws and six defeats from his nine outings at the helm. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.