WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Love Island.Tuesday night's instalment of Love Island ended on a huge cliffhanger when the Islanders were told one of the girls would be dumped from the villa. ITV2 viewers were raging to be left in the dark about the elimination, with others fearing 25-year-old Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown will be the contestant forced to leave. When Zara found out Tom Clare had kissed newcomer Ellie Spence, she immediately told Olivia Hawkins. “Are you joking?” Olivia fumed. “'I want to explore it again’ my a***, are you serious?” Olivia pulled Tom around the firepit for a chat to hear if he would come clean about the kiss, but she did not get much of a response from him. Zara later confronted Tom in front of most of the Islanders and called him a "community p***s" and questioned if his parents would be proud of his actions. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will As Tom told Zara he didn't want to hear what she had to say, she raged: "Everything which comes out of your mouth is absolute b******s and I feel like you are playing a massive game." She ended her rant by saying: "Bye darling, bye, boring!" Tom was left taken aback by Zara's words, but the drama for the night didn't end there. The Islanders had to gather around the firepit together for a surprise recoupling, meaning one girl left without a boy would be packing her suitcase.  Jordan feared: "I don't want Tanyel or Zara to go home. @LoveIsland please find a way to make them both stay!" Seulxm added: "No one is picking Zara. I need the producers to pull a twist as they did for Anna and Maura!! Please #loveisland." Shan raged: "Really don’t want Zara to go home, this is unfair because they all hate her #LoveIsland." @User10976533 said: "Zara can't leave, I need drama #loveisland." DON'T MISS... Love Island's Ron blasted for 'toxic behaviour and dishonesty'  [UPDATE]Maya Jama details 'long journey' she's been on with her make-up artist [LATEST]Love Island stars forced to dump islander after 'intense' rows [INSIGHT] @Gloglo fumed about the cliffhanger: "Why would the producers do this? #loveisland." Shandizzle penned: "Now they know they could’ve shown us the recoupling, an extra 10 minutes would’ve been lovely #loveisland." Will Zara be sent home during the recoupling or will the model live to entertain viewers for another day? Zara was one of the bombshells who entered the villa days after the original 10 contestants were settling in.  She's had her fair share of drama within the villa, including a spat with Olivia after she called her the most two-faced person during a game of truth or dare. Luckily, the women made up and Zara has been quick to defend the grid girl in recent days. One of the other fan-favourites who appears to be at risk of being eliminated is Tanyel Revan who cut ties with Kai Fagan after newcomer Samie Elishi caught his eye. Love Island continues on Wednesday night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. 