Once again, we have become an independent self-governing democracy, no longer outvoted on crucial matters by other countries. Our new Brexit freedoms allowed us to run our own approval and procurement process for the Covid vaccination, enabling us to deliver jabs and unlock much faster than the EU. Financial service reforms made possible by Brexit will safeguard London as a world-beating financial centre and release billions for investment in UK infrastructure and the start-up businesses which are vital for future economic success. Freeports have been set up, with business-friendly taxes and customs rules to spread prosperity around the country. VAT has been cut for energy saving materials and finally removed from women’s sanitary products. The UK fishing fleet has been allocated a bigger catch now we have regained control of our fishing waters, and we have also introduced tougher protection for the marine environment. A new system of farm support is replacing the rigid complexities and perversities of the EU Common Agricultural Policy and will also help to protect nature and our climate. EU rules have been scrapped which outlawed agri-tech which has huge potential to make our farmers more productive and reduce the need for chemical pesticides. Repealing the European Court’s judgement in the Vnuk case has saved motorists from a potential increase in car insurance bills of up to £450m. We are no longer having to pay a contribution to the EU. Nor have we been dragged into the EU’s 806 billion Euro post Covid stimulus package. We have avoided 7391 new EU laws imposed since exit, and we no longer have the threat of ever closer union and more EU political integration hanging over us. None of this would have been possible if the referendum result had been ignored and we had stayed in the EU or its single market. And although we have been hit by the global economic turmoil caused by the worst health emergency for a century, and the worst energy price shock for 50 years, there are still grounds for real optimism. As the Chancellor of the Exchequer pointed out in his speech last week, we have created more unicorns (tech start-up companies which reach a billion in value) than France and Germany combined. The London/Oxford/Cambridge triangle has the largest number of tech businesses in the world outside San Francisco and New York. Fintech attracted more funding last year in the UK than anywhere in the world outside the US. But there is more to do to capitalise on Brexit. We need to drive forward regulatory reform. We can maintain the highest regulatory standards but tailor our rules to fit our domestic circumstances. Brexit means we can now create modern dynamic flexible regulatory systems for the high growth sectors of the future such as green industries, fintech, life sciences, advanced manufacturing, and artificial intelligence. Doing that will enable us to turn the ideas of the UK’s world leading scientists into economic growth, raising living standards, getting taxes down, and making everyone better off.