The Government announced details for how people in England, Scotland and Wales without a direct relationship to a domestic energy supplier, will receive a £400 discount on their fuel bills through the Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding (EBSS Alternative Funding). The £400 Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding (EBSS AF) is due to be paid to some 900,000 households across the UK, including many care home residents and those living in park homes Over 30 million households were eligible for an automatic £400 discount via The Energy Bill Support Scheme, but it was unclear how certain households would receive it. Some 585,000 households were discovered to be ineligible for the automatic discount when the scheme was first launched however it has been confirmed thousands more people can still qualify for extra support. To secure the EBSS AF, some of these households will need to fill in an application form to get access to the discount. READ MORE: State pension warning: Half a million Britons miss out on benefit increase in April  Once someone’s application has been processed, their details will be shared with their local council, which will send the payment to them directly. Applicants will only be able to submit information through the GOV.UK portal when it opens next month and should not contact their local authority directly as they will not be able to offer any more information. The UK Government also said that the exact date that an eligible household will receive support will depend on when the application is made and when the payment can be processed by the relevant local authority. The Energy Bill Support Scheme is a £400 discount, administered by energy suppliers, which will be paid to consumers over six months with payments starting from October 2022, to ensure households receive financial support throughout the winter months. READ MORE: Pensioners could lose £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP Households will see a discount of £66 applied to their energy bills in October and November, rising to £67 each month from December through to March 2023. The non-repayable discount will be provided on a monthly basis regardless of whether consumers pay monthly, quarterly or have an associated payment card. Those with a domestic electricity meter point paying for their energy via standard credit, payment card and direct debit will receive an automatic deduction to their bills over the six month period – totalling £400. Traditional prepayment meter customers will be provided with Energy Bill discount vouchers from the first week of each month, issued via SMS text, email or post, using the customer’s registered contact details. These customers will need to take action to redeem these at their usual top-up point, such as their nearest local PayPoint or Post Office branch. It should be noted that no household should be asked for bank details at any point. Ministers are urging consumers to stay alert of potential scams and report these to the relevant authorities where they are suspected. Renters who pay their bills included have also been given new protections to ensure that they receive the £400 energy bills discount. A "pass-through requirement" for energy price support is there to direct landlords to pass on some or all of the support they get from the energy bill support scheme. They should do this as soon as they can. Renters should not need to do anything to get this support. Their landlord must tell them in writing within 30 days of getting the support: If people do not agree with the support they have passed on, they can write to their landlord.