Matt Hancock has reportedly donated £10,000 of his £320,000 fee for appearing on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! last year. The politician came third in the ITV show after saying he agreed to take part in a bid to raise awareness of dyslexia. In January, Matt declared his £320,000 fee from Lifted Entertainment, ITV, in documents published by the Houses of Commons. It has now been reported that Matt donated £10,000, which is around three percent of what he was paid for the show, to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association. A spokesperson for the former Health Secretary told the Mirror: "As well as raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign in front of 11 million viewers, Matt's donated £10,000 to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association, off the back of his appearance on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here." The publication also asked if the MP is planning to make any further donations but the spokesperson is yet to respond. READ MORE:Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25  Matt's appearance on the ITV show divided the public and he also lost the Conservative whip. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said at the time he was “disappointed” at his decision to travel to Australia. According to the Guardian, the register of MPs’ financial interests states Matt also received £48,000 for his Pandemic Diaries book. In addition, Matt declared he had received £45,000 for appearing on Channel 4 reality show, Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, which will air later this year. Matt defended his decision to take part on I'm A Celebrity and insisted that his motivation was not financial. He wrote before entering the camp: "I thought long and hard about this, in fact, I turned down I’m A Celebrity twice this summer, but when they approached me for a third time last week, I had a change of heart. "And no, it wasn’t the cheque that changed my mind. I will be making a donation to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and causes supporting dyslexia off the back of my appearance. "I will, of course, also declare the amount I receive from the show to Parliament to ensure complete transparency, as normal," he added in his piece for The Sun. DON'T MISSBBC sparks ‘sexism’ row over ‘misogynistic’ Jacinda Ardern coverage[NEWS]Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman[INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender[LATEST] Matt previously raised almost £8,000 for the charity when he ran the 2021 London Marathon. During Matt's time in the jungle, he received grillings from his fellow campmates including Loose Women's Charlene White and Boy George over the pandemic. Matt infamously resigned as Health Secretary in 2021 when CCTV footage emerged showing him breaking his own rules by kissing his then-aide, Gina. It also ended his 15-year-long marriage to Martha, with whom he shares three children.