If you’re a homeowner aged 55 or over, find out if you could unlock a percentage of the value of your home, tax-free, without the need to make monthly repayments. How does equity release work? How much you can release is determined by the age of the youngest homeowner and the value of your property. The money that you release, plus the interest that you accrue, is repaid when you die or go into long-term care and your property is sold. There are also now plans that allow you to pay off some of the interest each month and you can choose the percentage that suits you. By paying a percentage of the interest, you can reduce the amount of debt that is being rolled up. Protecting your loved ones With the increase in popularity of equity release, there are now eight times more plans available than just five years ago, giving customers more flexibility. There are plans that allow you to safeguard a percentage of your property value so that you can still pass on an inheritance to your loved ones. You may be concerned about passing on debt to your family, but all equity release plans come with a no negative equity guarantee, which means that you can never pass on the debt to your estate, providing the property is sold for a reasonable amount. How do I know if equity release is right for me? If you’re thinking about equity release but don’t know where to turn for advice, Express have teamed up with Age Partnership to offer an equity release service. Their equity release advisors will tell you everything you need to know about equity release and explore all your options to make sure it’s right for you. It’s important to note that equity release is not right for everyone, which is why you seek specialist advice. They will also explain the effect on the amount of inheritance you can leave and if your entitlement to means-tested benefits could be affected now or in the future. Find out more by requesting a free brochure. Through the Express equity release service, you will be provided with a free equity release quotation outlining what equity release could mean for you. You’re under no obligation to proceed with anything that is recommended to you. Only if you choose to proceed and your case completes would a fee of £1,795 be payable. What's involved? Equity release requires paying off any existing mortgage. It may involve a home reversion plan or a lifetime mortgage, which is secured against your property. Although there are no monthly repayments required with equity release, any money released, plus accrued interest, would be repaid upon death or moving into long-term care. To understand the features and risks, ask for a personalised illustration. * Based on volume of plans, ISS data Q1-Q3 2022. Correct at time of publication. The Express Money Equity Release service is provided by Age Partnership Limited, 2200 Century Way, Thorpe Park, Leeds LS15 8ZB. Company registered in England and Wales No. 5265969. VAT registration number 162 9355 92. Age Partnership Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FCA registered number 425432 and is trading as Age Partnership. We offer a range of equity release products from across the market. 