Britain has been experiencing extremely cold weather lately, and for those worried about how much next month’s energy bill is going to cost, should consider investing in Argos’ electric heater. Shoppers say the £32 heater warms up a room instantly and suggest it’s more effective and cheaper to run than turning the central heating on. Argos’ Challenge 2kW Ceramic Fan Heater, £32, has been given a 4.6 out of five star rating online, with 93 percent of customers recommending the product. The fan heater “has fan mode and three heating mode for choice,” as well as a “safety cut out switch to prevent it from overheating as well as a tip-over protection switch”. With a 1.8 metre cord and freestanding design, it can be moved around the house. The thermostatic control lets you manage the desired temperature conveniently and efficiently. READ MORE: Princess Kate’s new £825 gemstone necklace has hidden meaning The product description explains how the fan is “only suitable for well insulated spaces or occasional use”. As for how effective the heater is, more than 600 reviews have been left online. Sue from London commented: “Bought this and lets out lots of heat and portable too well worth the money.” IK from London wrote: “Bought it and it is amazing. Warms up the room very quickly.” Bob from London said: “Purchased for my mother. When her heating broke she informed me this was a lifesaver. Heats small spaces in short space of time, good safety features.” DON'T MISS...Woman shed 5st with diet that also improves hair, nails and wrinkles [PICTURES]Chinese New Year horoscope reading for the three luckiest zodiacs [GUIDE]4 safe and effective methods to stop foxes visiting your garden [EXPERT] Maz from Manchester explained her experience with the product: “Bought this when it was freezing at Christmas, as we didn’t want to put the heating on with energy prices as they have been. Really pleased with it, it heats the room very fast and only really needs to be turned on for five to 10 mins before we can turn it off, and we have a relatively large open plan living room/kitchen (sic).” Windy from the West Midlands said: “Bought this three weeks ago great little heater warms up a room very quickly, you can hear the heater running very happy with it.” Miles from Borehamwood added: “Warming electric heater that is much cheaper to run than the central heating.” READ MORE: King Charles 'won't be our King for very long' due to bad timing Petula from Dunmow chimed: “I purchased this fan heater when our boiler broke down. It kept our lounge lovely and warm in the very cold winter days. Would highly recommend.” enny from Glasgow added: “I bought this to heat up my lounge for when I wfh as I didn’t want to have the gas on constantly given the rising costs at the moment. My lounge is a fairly large room so I was worried that it may not be as effective as I’d hoped - however it is fantastic. Blasts hot air and heats up the room within minutes. No complaints whatsoever!” The only negative feedback given for the heater was the noise it omitted. Many customers commented on how “noisy” the speed of the fan was. Fan heaters provide short-term heat so you'll be able to feel the benefit almost immediately, but once you switch it off the heat will disappear. If you plan on heating a room for an hour or two, then a fan heater is a good option. However if you're working all day in the room and running it all day too, it will not be as cost-effective, This Is Money suggested. Joanna O'Loan, knowledge manager at Energy Saving Trust explained: “You'll get less heat from the electric fan but may be cheaper to use the fan heater sparingly.”