Every so often a picture is published which depicts the realities of royal life with young children and demonstrates to all that, regardless of royalty, children will always be children. On numerous occasions Princess Charlotte has been spotted sticking her tongue out to the crowds or having a tantrum that Kate or William will have to attend to. These images are a refreshing and joyful change from the traditional family portraits featuring well-behaved children.  Royal photographer Zak Hussein reminisces over catching the young royal being her cheeky self on the Isle of Wight in 2019. In July 2019, Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge organised and competed in a charity regatta for eight of charities they are patrons of. However, it was Charlotte who stole the show. Zak described the moment saying: “She was with Kate and suddenly there was this huge crowd there gathered to see them and Charlotte just for a split second stuck her tongue out at the crowd.”  “There’s a great moment where Kate’s just kind of pulling her face laughing and sort of embarrassed by her daughter.” It has been mentioned Charlotte had actually spotted her grandfather Michael Middleton and was pulling faces at him. A year earlier on the day of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding, Charlotte was snapped pulling the same face from the car as she was being driven to St George’s Chapel. It was rather apt for Princess Charlotte to pull such a face at Harry’s wedding as she may have inherited this cheeky side from her uncle. Who's your favourite royal? Let us know in the comments section  There is a similar photo of Prince Harry in Princess Diana’s arms on the balcony at Buckingham Palace sticking his tongue out to the crowd while Diana looks at him unamused. Samir Hussein, Zak’s brother is also a royal photographer and told of the joys and challenges of taking pictures of children whether they are royal or not. He said: “You have that unknown element. It doesn’t matter whether they’re royal kids or any kids, and they could throw a tantrum at any time or they could just do something funny, like stick out their tongue.” He added: “As a royal photographer [and with] photographing kids in general, you’ve got to be ready because this [could] be a really fleeting moment, but it also produces some of the most fun moments and best pictures.” Charlotte's older brother Prince George has been snapped on numerous occasions throwing a tantrum and receiving a few cross words from either William or Kate.  “There’s a great moment where Kate’s just kind of pulling her face laughing and sort of embarrassed by her daughter.” It has been mentioned Charlotte had actually spotted her grandfather Michael Middleton and was pulling faces at him. A year earlier on the day of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding, Charlotte was snapped pulling the same face from the car as she was being driven to St George’s Chapel. It was rather apt for Princess Charlotte to pull such a face at Harry’s wedding as she may have inherited this cheeky side from her uncle. 