The Golden State Warriors have enjoyed a luxury roster for some time, headlined by the talent that is Stephen Curry. But they may have to let go one of their main stars due to rising costs. The Warriors are the reigning NBA Champions, but all good things must come to an end. Last year the Warriors cliched their seventh NBA title, and their fourth in the last seven years as they've continued to dominate the league. However, they've not been as impressive this season, and sit eighth in the west with a 24-24 record. But things could get worse for the future, as according to The Athletic they may have to make a crunch personnel decision. That choice could be as brutal as either letting Klay Thompson or Draymond Green go, both franchise legends. The Athletic claim that due to rising salary numbers and also increased luxury tax concerns, the Warriors may have to cut a big player. That call can't be an easy one to make, especially with how important both Green and Thompson are to the franchise. And telling Curry the news won't be an easy task either, as he's formed a strong partnership with both. Thompson and Curry are one of the best duos in the NBA, and are extremely close off the court too. However, he holds a very similar bond with Green, and it's clear that most of the Warriors roster are all closely linked. Curry, Green and Thompson have played together at the Warriors for 10 years, winning three titles together. Last year, Green even opened up about the bond between the trio, saying: "Our bond stretches far past what we accomplished on the basketball court. Those bonds will last forever. We are linked and connected together forever. "I couldn't imagine sharing this journey with anyone else. We've built this thing from the ground up..." If the reports are true, then it could be a seriously hard call to make for executive Bob Myers, and it may affect the team on and off the court. All teams come to the end of their cycle, but it seems like the Warriors still have more left in their system. However, if a cut is needed, they may have to readdress their situation.