The US is unlikely to solve arguments over the debt ceiling before its resolution deadline and analysts warn this is an ominous sign for the public. Policy expert David Wessel believes the five-month negotiation period between January and June 5 - during which “extraordinary measures” are enforced - will not be enough to please both sides of Congress. Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen announced last week that America had reached its existing borrowing cap of $31.4 trillion, starting the debt issuance suspension period. After this point, the US will begin to default on its debt, which risks plunging the country into recession. Mr Wessel told Express.co.uk: “In the past, there have been agreements to create a commission to find ways to reduce prospective deficits (that’s not likely to fly this time) or agreements to cap certain categories of spending. “If, as I anticipate, Congress will fail to raise the debt ceiling in time for the federal government to pay all its bills, there’ll be a crisis – perhaps a big financial market reaction – and that may push both sides to find some face-saving compromise.” Mr Wessel said he doubts “there’ll be a compromise before June” on how to raise the ceiling, adding: “I think this is going to go down to the wire. “The White House and Treasury argue correctly that the federal government borrows heavily because it spends more than it takes in as a result of spending and tax laws passed by Congress. “This is like running up a credit card tab and then refusing to pay the bill. It’s irresponsible.” Mr Wessel also suggested that should Congress fail to meet the deadline, it is possible the Government will pay "some bills (interest on the bonds, perhaps) and not others with predictable political fallout”. “There could also be a sharp market reaction, plunging stock and bond prices, which could force the Federal Reserve to step in to stabilise the world’s most important market,” he added. “If resolved quickly, this probably won’t raise the interest rate that investors demand on Treasury bonds, but it might…and it’ll certainly further erode public confidence in the functioning of our democracy.” Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, McCarthy demanded conservative policy concessions in the form of spending cuts to lift the debt ceiling. “Let’s change our behaviour now”, the Speaker said. “Let’s sit down. He’s the president. “We’re the majority in the House. The Democrats are the majority in the Senate. “And that’s exactly the way the founders designed Congress to work, find the compromise and find the common-sense compromise that puts us back onto a balanced budget.” READ MORE: Accused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial Accused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial He added debt limit increase with no strings attached was "totally off the table", and suggested federal retirement spending should be curtailed to save those programs from bankruptcy. Former Speaker Nancy Pelosi called her successor’s pitch on slashing federal retirement a "nonstarter”. “It’s almost silliness for Republicans in the House to be putting Medicare and Social Security on the table as a condition for lifting the debt ceiling,” she said. “Hopefully, there will be agreement that we reach in a responsible way to lift the debt ceiling.” Any legislation to raise the debt ceiling would have to pass the Senate, which Democrats control with 51 votes, and where 60 votes are needed to break a filibuster.