Rishi Sunak has confirmed the Government will press ahead with its crackdown on industrial action and will introduce new anti-strike legislation in the "coming weeks". The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) announced the new legislation, while also calling for union leaders to return to talks. BEIS said ministers are "reaching out to unions to invite them to sit down and discuss the evidence that the Government will be submitting to the pay review bodies". During these discussions, the Government called for the unions to cancel their upcoming strikes "in a bid to resolve these disputes constructively through dialogue". Business Secretary Grant Shapps said the Government would still "protect the freedom to strike", whilst also looking to safeguard "life and livelihoods". He said the measures were being introduced to "restore the balance between those seeking to strike and protecting the public from disproportionate disruption". The new legislation will primarily affect fire, ambulance and rail services, for which "minimum safety levels" will be set during times of industrial action. The Bill will also cover "health services, education, nuclear decommissioning, other transport services and border security", for which the Government says it "expects to continue to reach voluntary agreements, and would only look to consult on minimum safety levels should these voluntary positions not be agreed".  A wave of industrial action has affected a large number of sectors, including the health service and train lines. Rail workers in the RMT and other unions have taken part in a series of large-scale strikes over more than six months, with Thursday marking the sixth day of action since last summer by members of Aslef, which represents most train drivers.  Responding to the announcement, the GMB union, which represents ambulance workers, said: "A Government that has presided over 13 years of failure in our public services is now seeking to scapegoat the NHS staff and ambulance workers who do so much to care for the people of our country." Giving a speech earlier today, Sir Keir Starmer said he would repeal the legislation if Labour came to power. The Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." Sir Keir said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it. "And the reason for that is I do not think that legislation is the way that you bring an end to industrial disputes. You have to get in the room and compromise. "You can't legislate your way out of 30 years, 13 years of failure. So, you know, as I say, the government's all over the show. Will we repeal it? Yes, we will." 