Like Wordle on steroids, Quordle challenges players to figure out four mystery words instead of just one - and in just nine attempts. As you can imagine, it's an extremely difficult game to master, let alone build up any kind of winning streak. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of a selection of spoiler-free hints for Quordle 351 on January 10. Good luck, because you're going to need it. Similar to Wordle, Quordle players will need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles in order to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter T. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. A gradual narrowing from top to bottom. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter M. 2. The second word contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. A word you'd associate with teenagers. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter C. 2. The third word contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. Spicy dish (American spelling). Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter S. 2. The fourth word contains one vowel. 3. One of the letters appears twice.