A woman in Ingolstadt in southern Germany has been stabbed to death by her doppelgänger in an elaborate ruse which has confounded police. Last summer the body of a young woman was discovered in the back of a Mercedes, having been knifed more than 50 times. It is believed the victim was tracked down on Instagram by a woman who looked just like her, who then used the body to make it look as if she herself had been killed. The perpetrator allegedly wanted to fake her own death to get away from her relatives. Andreas Aichele, a spokesman for the local force, told the Bild newspaper: "It was an extraordinary case that demanded all the skills of the investigators. "We don’t get a case like this every day — especially not with such a spectacular twist.  "On the day we found the body there was absolutely nothing to suggest things would develop like this." Last August a 23-year-old German-Iraqi woman from Munich, named as Shahraban K, travelled to Ingolstadt to meet her estranged husband and failed to return home. When her parents went to look for her they found her Mercedes abandoned on a street by the river Danube, close to where her Kosovan boyfriend, identified as Sheqir K, lived. Inside the car was the body of a woman who looked so much like their daughter they believed it must be her, presumably murdered by her husband.  READ MORE: Alexa predicts potential World War 3 date if Russia invades Germany However after the autopsy was carried out, the woman was identified as Algerian national Khadidja O, a 23-year-old from the town of Eppingen. When the police investigated Shahraban K's social media activity they found she had set up a series of sham accounts on Instagram and used them to contact women who looked like her. She then allegedly set up a meeting with Khadidja O under false pretences.  DON'T MISS:GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [LATEST]Trump is 'savvier' and a 'more difficult adversary', insider says [ANALYSIS]Charles wants Harry to attend coronation to bring 'peace', says source [SPOTLIGHT] Prosecutors claim that Shahraban K and Sheqir K, also 23, drove to Eppingen, picked up Khadidja O, and took her to a woodland where she was stabbed to death. They left her body in the car outside Sheqir K’s flat in Ingolstadt. The couple were initially arrested on suspicion of manslaughter, but now will face life imprisonment if they are convicted of murder. While no official reason has been given for Shahraban K's motives, German media has reported she wanted to escape a dispute in her family. 