Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag reportedly convinced Wout Weghorst to meet him in the Netherlands during a private transfer phone call between the pair in the aftermath of the World Cup. The Red Devils are pursuing a deal for the 30-year-old striker, who is currently on loan at Besiktas from Burnley. United are looking to bolster their forward options following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. The 37-year-old left Old Trafford in November after telling Piers Morgan that he felt “betrayed” by the club and had “no respect” for Ten Hag. And, according to the Daily Mail, Ten Hag informed the player of United's interest and set-up a one-to-one meeting with Weghorst in Haaksbergen during their phone call. The striker came off the bench to bag two goals in the Netherlands’ World Cup quarter-final showdown with Argentina last month. But his endeavours weren’t enough to keep his country in the tournament as Argentina won the match before later going on to lift the trophy following a penalty shootout victory over France in the final. Weghorst joined Burnley last January as the Clarets desperately attempted to avoid relegation from the Premier League. But after the northwest side dropped into the Championship, the player moved to Besiktas on a season-long loan. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    And Besiktas have released a statement to say Weghorst will be staying at the club for the time being, despite the interest from the Red Devils. “After the match of our Football A Team against Kasimpasa in the Super League, there was a need to make a statement due to speculative news in the media about our football player Wout Weghorst,” the statement read. “The claim that there is an exit clause in our football player's contract, stating that his contract can be terminated with a compensation of 2.5 million Euros in case of an offer from the Premier League, is fictitious. However, the news that the player in question will leave the team on Tuesday is completely untrue. The initiative regarding Wout Weghorst belongs entirely to Besiktas Gymnastics Club. We also state that if there is a development on this issue, our esteemed community and the public will be informed.” DON'T MISS Man Utd could be about to announce their next No 7 after Ronaldo Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Weghorst updates, Ronaldo help Cristiano Ronaldo still has one over Lionel Messi with Golden Foot win    Weghorst scored just two goals in 20 Premier League appearances for Burnley last season but has rediscovered his scoring touch in Turkey and has notched eight goals and four assists in 16 league games for Besiktas. United, meanwhile, have not struggled to find the back of the net in the absence of Ronaldo and have scored 12 goals in five games since the Portugal international left the club. 