Energy bills are set to increase yet again in April, putting more pressure on Britons’ wallets. Britons are currently looking to save money in any way they can which includes in and around the home. To help Britons save cash where they can, Wren Kitchens has shared some simple tips for households looking to reduce their soaring monthly energy bills. Britons can simply reduce their energy consumption by filling the freezer up. So, how does it work? The experts at Wren Kitchens said: “Believe it or not, keeping air cold uses more energy than keeping food cold does, and cold air is denser than warm air, so when you open the freezer door the cold air escapes and is replaced with warm air quickly. “When you shut the door your freezer needs to work to replace all the warm air with cold again, thus using more energy. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ “Filling your freezer with food, or even newspaper to fill in the gaps, there’s less room for warm air. “Careful not to pack it completely full though, you can block air vents, restrict ventilation and burn out the freezer altogether, which could cost you more to repair.” When heating liquids on the hob, swap smaller pans for larger ones. Pans with a larger surface area will heat up faster and distribute the heat more evenly while using less energy. DON'T MISS‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills [INSIGHT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] Using copper pans could also save you cash as they heat up faster than stainless steel and cast iron pans. Copper pans also retain heat more efficiently. Glass and ceramic ovenproof dishes retain heat better than metal which makes them more efficient in the oven, meaning they cook food faster. Less time in the oven means there’s less energy being used, saving you cash in the process. This is a well-known tip by now but if you do have energy-zapping appliances sitting on standby that you’re not using, switch them off. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ steps to keep your home warmer for ‘longer’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Energy-zapping appliances can use 10-15 percent of your energy consumption when they’re not being used and yet, a lot of people forget to switch them off at the plug. Appliances left on standby can cost the average home £80 a year. If it has a light or a digital clock, then it’s likely to be draining energy, so make sure to switch everything off or unplug them completely. Fridges are switched on all year round, 24 hours a day, so it’s worth occasionally checking the temperature of the fridge to see if it’s too high or low. Fridge temperatures that are too low could waste energy and could result in produce like milk and vegetables freezing. However, if they’re not cold enough, your produce won’t last as long. Milk can last up to 10 days at four degrees but only seven days at seven degrees. Fridges should be set between three and four degrees. Put a fridge thermometer in the centre for 24 hours, take a reading and adjust the temperature dial accordingly.