Former aides to Donald Trump are plotting to stop the 45th President from returning to the White House, an ex-adviser has revealed. Gavin Smith, who worked as Trump’s press lead and later as an adviser in the Department of Labor, fell out with his former boss after the ex-POTUS peddled unfounded claims about the 2020 election and MAGA supporters stormed the Capitol. He told Express.co.uk: “I think it is a little early but for me and my former colleagues who have spoken out against him, of course, there will be a concerted effort. “There are a number of us who worked for him who will absolutely not vote for him again but it is still to be seen if other people from the Republican Party will step up, speak out against him and hold him accountable.” Speaking about the early stages of the campaign to dump Trump, Smith added: “I and many of my former colleagues and those who are willing to join us have started by telling the truth. “Telling the truth about what we saw, telling the truth about where we are at right now as a party and being willing to have those hard conversations. “But also being willing to tell the truth about where we want to go and those truths will line up with what voters want.” JUST IN: Trump allies urge ex-POTUS to 'get the f**k out of Mar-a-Lago' Smith also claimed Trump’s “endless conspiracy theories” cost the GOP in last November's midterm elections, which effectively became a “referendum” on the ex-POTUS. However, Smith conceded Trump is “likely” to win the Republican Party’s nomination as the GOP has failed to rally behind a unity candidate. He added: “I think that we could defeat Donald Trump but only if we stand strong together and behind one person.” Florida’s Governor Ron DeSantis, once an ally to Trump, has emerged as a potential challenger after establishing himself as the darling of the GOP grassroots. DeSantis has not officially announced his intention to run but allies of the Sunshine State’s Governor have reportedly been looking at how to modify Florida’s laws to enable the 44-year-old to run for the Republican nomination while remaining in office in Tallahassee. READ MORE: Trump allies call 'b******t' as rivals blame ex-POTUS for Speaker woes In some opinion polls, including YouGov’s recent survey for the University of Massachusetts, DeSantis narrowly leads against Trump in a head-to-head race. Despite DeSantis’ strong position, Smith was lukewarm about whether the Republican Party could stand behind Florida’s Governor. The White House veteran, who indicated he would support ex-South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley if she entered the race, said: “I’m not sure I’m ready to say yes and I’m certainly not ready to say no.” However, Trump could also struggle in the financial battle against DeSantis. GOP fundraiser Noelle Nikpour told Express.co.uk: “Money is still flowing to DeSantis and the big donors are not giving to Trump but the small donors may still be giving to him.” Despite some ex-advisers and donors turning against the 45th President, Trump officially launched his third successive White House bid following his “big announcement” at Mar-a-Lago on November 15. DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis Presidency would prioritise ‘EU over UK [SPOTLIGHT]Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation [INSIGHT]Ron DeSantis unveils manifesto with all eyes on 2024 bid [REVEALED]  Seth Weathers, who worked as Trump’s Georgia state director in 2016, warned it would be foolish to “write off” the ex-President. He told Express.co.uk: “I’ve seen some of the polls and some of them are a bit iffy at best. “If the Republican primary were tomorrow, Trump would win because it’s not going to be Trump versus DeSantis. “There will be other people who are going to jump into this race and the more people that get into this race, the better for Trump because he has a very solid and large base. When asked whether the 45th President’s electability had faded since 2016 due to last November’s lacklustre midterms, Weathers added: “When people say d*****s s**t like that it forces me to jump to defend him. “Trump has nothing to do with us losing the midterms. “It has to do with the people running the Republican Party who refuse to ballot harvest and refuse to put money into those things. “It also has to do with the people running the Republican leadership, Mitch McConnell and Kevin McCarthy, putting money against ‘conservative’ candidates and putting it into unwinnable places like Colorado rather than fighting for Arizona. “There’s a tonne of things to blame it on but you can’t blame it on Trump.” Despite some opinion polls giving DeSantis the advantage, the 45th POTUS looks likely to retain his crown in a more crowded field. According to a recent Morning Consult survey, Trump leads DeSantis by 13 percent and ex-Vice President Mike Pence languishes behind in third place on just nine percent.   Pence, who served as Trump’s running-mate in 2016 and 2020, has not officially announced his bid but could come face-to-face with his former boss after claiming he was “carefully considering” a run for the Oval Office. However, a former adviser to the Vice President appeared to suggest Pence was not ready to take on Trump. The former White House insider, who is now working to block Trump from the Oval Office, said: “He may decide that he’s going to take the high road and maintain decorum but, in the end, he’s going to have to hit back at Trump, pointing out his flaws. “The challenge is figuring out how to push back on him while also touting the successes of the Trump-Pence administration since he was a part of it, so that’s quite the conundrum for Pence.” The GOP veteran also took aim at DeSantis by suggesting the Sunshine State’s Governor was on the same wing of the Republican Party as Trump. They told Express.co.uk: “Given the culture wars that DeSantis has been willing to engage in and the attacks he’s launched against doctors and medical professionals along the way, I don’t see DeSantis as any different than MAGA.”  