Lesley Joseph, who is currently on tour for Sister Act The Musical, has reacted to speculation the TV legend is the face behind the mask on the popular ITV show. It comes after fans were left convinced that a 90s sitcom legend is in fact the true identity of Pigeon. Following a number of clues dropped before Pigeon's performance on last week's show, viewers took to Twitter and speculated it could be the Birds of a Feather star. Fans were convinced it's Lesley, who played Dorien Green on the sitcom, when Pigeon told fans at home: "Don't be shy - you know that I do love a natter! In fact, that's got to be one of my top ten favourite things to do." Viewers took to Twitter, as one fan mused: "I think that Pigeon is Lesley Joseph." Another said: "I do think Pigeon is one of the girls in #Birdsofafeather. I was guessing Lesley Joseph as I think I have heard her sing in the past." READ MORE: George Clooney opens up about Bell's palsy diagnosis The 77-year-old has shut down the rumours and admitted she has not had the time to watch the show because she is busy with her UK tour. "I haven't seen it. No, I haven't seen it because we're doing the show. I don't watch television at the minute," the much-loved actress said. "Oh no. I must look online and see." She added: "I would love to do The Masked Singer. That again looks like great fun but I'm going to have a look at [social media] now that you've mentioned it."   Meanwhile, the Dorian Green actress has opened up about her return to the stage following her successful pantomime run last year. The TV star has returned to her role as Mother Superior for the Sister Act tour 2023. Speaking about the show, Lesley explained: "I started this job last May when we did it for London at the Eventim Apollo. "That was an amazing experience. I have to be honest, I've never really done a show like this, having done so many musicals all of my life, but the reaction this show has is off the page." DON'T MISS... Harry Styles humiliated as trousers rip in front of Jennifer Aniston[LATEST]George Clooney opens up about Bell's palsy diagnosis[US]Emmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointment[INSTAGRAM] "We did it there for seven weeks and then we took it on the road. We had various weeks off and then I went to do panto." Lesley added: "I went straight from the convent into panto land." The Olivier Award-nominated star admitted it was a "shock" going from the world of pantomime - where there's a variety of ad-libbing - back to the "strict" convent world. "It's actually a wonderful show," Lesley said of Sister Act. "At the end when we're singing Raise Your Voices and the curtain goes up, the whole audience, even people on the upper floor, are standing up and waving their arms from side to side." In these post-Covid times, Lesley admitted she is particularly moved by the reaction of the packed audience who come to watch the show. She continued: "Some nights it actually makes me quite tearful actually. Because having been through what theatre has been through for the last few years - which has not been pleasant - the whole lockdown experience. "Now, actually seeing a packed audience all up on their feet. The reaction that we get is actually quite moving." To find out more about Sister Act The Musical Tour visit the website here.