They rented a remote AirBnB together with their dog, Buster, and smiles Matthew: “In the evenings, we cooked and watched TV. It was a bit like a working holiday, actually.” If it all sounds like a slightly dull version of married life, the real-life couple of some two decades could be forgiven. They must be two of Britain’s busiest actors and, from the sound of it, must struggle to find quality time to enjoy together such are their respective workloads. No wonder he described working together as “heaven”, and she said they “had a ball”. Matthew spends months at a time in the US filming Succession – the smash hit satirical black comedy-drama and family saga series in which he plays scapegoat son-in-law Tom Wambsgans. And when he’s not stateside, Matthew is making films like Operation Mincemeat with Colin Firth. Keeley, meanwhile, remains one of our most in-demand stars with recent successful films and TV series including Finding Alice, It’s A Sin, The Midwich Cuckoos, Honour, Bodyguard and, of course, the much-missed Durrells. Not content with appearing in front of the camera, she set up her own company, Buddy Club Productions, and is currently exec-producing and starring in a second series of the BBC thriller Crossfire. Which all makes you wonder how they managed to find the time to play another couple in Stonehouse, currently streaming on ITV X. The gripping three-part dramatisation tells the story of disgraced Labour minister John Stonehouse, who, in 1974, faked his own death in the vain hope that it would write off his debts, stop questions being asked about his dodgy business dealings and allow him to be with his secretary lover, Sheila Buckley. Matthew plays Stonehouse and is as compelling in the role as he was playing another real-life rascal – Major Charles Ingram in The Quiz. Keeley plays Barbara, Stonehouse’s long-suffering wife and the mother of his three children. Keeley has revealed how they laughed when they saw each other on the set of Stonehouse. “Matthew couldn’t have looked more different – coloured contact lenses, wigs, facial hair, false teeth,” she said. “Just about everything that could be changed had been. The characters are completely unlike us or our marriage. “The fact that he didn’t look like himself, may have made it easier to act opposite him. We had a ball.” Matthew agrees. “It was heaven actually,” he tells me. “Really lovely. That’s the boring truth. We have worked together before but not in such close proximity as Stonehouse. We did Spooks 20 years ago – which is how we met. The last time we worked together was Ashes To Ashes, I think. “I did a little guest role on her series quite a long time ago. Stonehouse was really fun. There’s always a bit of a worry when you’re acting opposite your real-life wife – particularly if you’re playing a married couple – that it’ll be a bit naff or feel too cute.Or just be strange. But it wasn’t like that at all. Keeley’s a brilliant actress and we’re both used to being on set. “We’re both actors and that’s where we operate. So, it felt easy and natural from that point of view. “Because we know each other so well, when as Barbara, Keeley interrogated me, it felt like her eyes were boring into my soul. That was good – it all helped. Plus, it was a bonus that we got a chance to be together.” The couple have two children – Maggie, 18, and Ralph, 16 – plus Keeley has a son Myles, 22, from her first marriage. With both Matthew, who starred in five series of Ripper Street, and Keeley working so much, having a regular life must be challenging at times. “Keeley and I each try to have a three-week maximum time that we’re away,” says Matthew. “The kids are older teenagers now, so that’s easier. But you still feel a bit scattered. After I finish Succession, it’ll be nice to have a bit of time at home. “ He smiles: “The dog will be pleased!” Matthew’s character Tom, in Succession is, a fictional character whereas John Stonehouse and Charles Ingram in Quiz were, and are in the case of the latter, real people. There must be added responsibility which comes with that. “Absolutely,” he agrees. “It always feels slightly alien playing a real person but at some point, you have to just jump in. I didn’t do a straight impersonation of Stonehouse, it was more about picking out certain mannerisms that just felt right. "I looked at a lot of photos of him and read a couple of books about him but mostly I took my references from the brilliant script. “We had a fabulous makeup designer Julie who gave me a great wig to wear throughout the 60s and 70s years, and some teeth which helped, and contact lenses. “His teeth were a horror show, the top set were very bad and we had to swap those out as they were ridiculous. It worked well having the contact lenses, as in my head I felt different and that’s enough sometimes. And the wig and the awful teeth helped. “We had a lovely rehearsal period of a week and the mannerisms just came out. It’s good fun to play, there is a lovely element of a caper about it as well. “We talked a lot about it and there’s definitely some sort of pink panther David Niven-esque feel about him. It’s the old adage of making people laugh and if you can do that you can then take it somewhere else.” Matthew knew nothing about John Stonehouse or his story until he became attached to the production. “It happened in 1974 – the year I was born,” he continues. “It’s unthinkable a public figure could get away with it today. It does seem unbelievable that Stonehouse was able to, actually. I was telling my 16-year-old son about it and he couldn’t believe it’s a true story. “By all accounts, Stonehouse was very personable, very lovely to be with, funny and quite charismatic. But he wasn’t without vanity and he liked the trappings of his position. He also liked the power and the sort of aphrodisiac element to it, too.” But, he was out of his depth. “It all unravelled,” Matthew continues. “He got into terrible financial trouble, he was having an affair, moonlighting for the secret service and it all got too much for him. "Later in life, he started writing thrillers and apparently liked listening to movie soundtracks from James Bond and films like Day Of The Jackal. In his own mind, there was definitely a whiff of the secret agent about him.” He adds: “There is nothing heroic about him.” There is something quite brilliant about Matthew’s portrayal of Stonehouse who died of a heart attack in 1988, aged 62. Reviews have been excellent. He won an Emmy last year for playing Tom in Succession and a BAFTA for Stonehouse should be a shoo-in. Like fine wine, he seems to be getting better with age. He’s 48 and says that he didn’t enjoy his 30s much. “It was like, Am I old? Am I young? Why have I put on all this weight? What am I supposed to be?” he chuckles. “It was a relief to hit 40. And I feel quite excited about my 50s as well. It’s a sneaky sense of relief.”