Plants come in thousands of different varieties, and it can be tempting to touch and smell them, especially if you have just moved into a new home. However, an expert has said there are several common but “dangerous” plants which gardeners should be aware of. One of these plants is the oleander, which “can result in death” if ingested. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Fiona Jenkins at MyJobQuote.co.uk, the UK’s leading trades matching site, said: “The Oleander plant is seen as the most dangerous plant due to it being very toxic for humans and animals. “The plant is extremely poisonous and ingesting even just a small amount of the plant can result in death. Contact with the plant can cause allergic reactions and severe skin irritations.” The oleander is grown for its care-free qualities and attractive star-shaped flowers which can bloom throughout the whole year. Britons can also spot an oleander by its long, narrow and dark leaves which are typically four to six inches long and less than an inch wide. READ MORE: Method to ‘deep clean’ mattresses at home for £1 Despite their beauty, it is extremely important to keep these plants away from children or pets if you do have one in the garden or are planning to introduce one. Fiona added: “If you have children or pets in your garden regularly, it’s best to stay away from this plant. This is the safest thing you can do to protect your family and pets. “Whenever you are working with oleanders, it’s important to wear gloves and protective clothing to protect your skin. These plants are easy to maintain. They don’t require a lot of water and thrive in sunny environments.” According to B Well CBD plant experts, this plant is considered to be the top “most dangerous” plant because of its extreme toxicity. They explained: “Death in adults has been reported from eating one small leaf.” DON'T MISS:I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how [PICTURES]Four garden plants to always prune in winter [EXPLAINER]Easy towel method to keep clothes crease-free without an iron [INSIGHT] Another common plant which is toxic are foxgloves, which are a common woodland plant which grow throughout the UK, including in people’s back gardens. Fiona noted: “However, this plant contains toxic cardiac glycosides. Ingesting any parts of this plant can result in serious poisoning. “Symptoms of poisoning from foxgloves include skin irritation, nausea, diarrhoea, and headaches. In more serious cases, it can result in visual and perceptual issues and problems with the heart and kidneys.” The deadly nightshade, a purple and green flower with oval leaves, is another garden plant which is “poisonous” to humans. READ MORE: 7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop The gardening pro said: “It features berries that are green and then ripen into a black colour. All parts of this plant are toxic and the berries are particularly poisonous. “Ingesting the berries can affect the nervous system and also cause difficulties with breathing, confusion, vomiting, sweating, and hallucinations. Severe reactions can result in coma or death.” Some indoor and outdoor plants are toxic to animals too, including hydrangeas which are often found in gorgeous different colours. Pet health experts, Bob Martin, said: “You might not realise that however beautiful the flowers are, this plant contains cyanide. “Your dog will be harmed by consuming any part of the plant, so watch them closely when these bushes are in the area and ensure that your pup is kept on the lead when necessary. “Hydrangea poisoning symptoms include vomiting, loss of appetite, stomach pain, and diarrhoea.” Pet owners should also avoid having azaleas and rhododendrons in their garden as they can cause cats to vomit and drool. If you have this species in your garden, it is important to keep it away from your cat, perhaps moving it away from where the cat likes to climb.