Elon Musk owes $136,260 in unpaid rent on the Twitter headquarters in California after taking over the company. The landlord of the building, Columbia Reit - 650 California LLC, alerted the social media giant that it would default on its rent if payment was not received by December 21. Twitter currently occupies the 30th floor of the Hartford Building, a skyscraper located on the edge of San Francisco's Financial District. /latest/elon-musk Musk started the year as just a prominent Twitter user, but he ends it as its beleaguered owner set to step down as chief executive after a chaotic two months in charge. The Tesla and SpaceX owner launched his dramatic takeover bid in April after buying up enough shares to become the site's biggest shareholder but then rejected a seat on the company's board. What followed was six months of public sparring as the billionaire criticised Twitter's executives, policies, and statistics around spam accounts - at one point walking away from the deal - before a looming court case to settle the issue saw Mr Musk give in and pay the original price of 44 billion US dollars (£36 billion) to take control of the platform. Before taking over, Mr Musk had said he planned to change Twitter's content moderation policies to allow for more free speech, arguing it had too often censored people and said he would allow suspended accounts - including former US president Donald Trump - to return. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan are 'lost souls' after polling blasts docuseries  Those pledges sparked concern about Twitter's future, with safety groups warning Mr Musk's plans would lead to more abuse and misinformation spreading on the site. In the wake of the takeover at the end of October, researchers reported spikes in hate speech and some users began migrating to other social media platforms. Meanwhile, the billionaire set about reshaping Twitter into what he saw as a better platform for discourse and a profitable business. More than half of the company's global workforce of more than 7,000 was laid off, then an ultimatum was issued to those remaining which told them to agree to more "hardcore" working with longer hours or leave - this prompted further departures. And Mr Musk's moderation approach did indeed begin to spark controversy because, as promised, Donald Trump and others were reinstated to the platform, and the COVID-19 and vaccine misinformation policy was scraped. Then there was the botched rollout of a new paid-for verification feature, allowing anyone to get a blue tick badge simply by paying a monthly fee - which led to a number of fake accounts buying verification and then posing as public figures to spread abusive content. The flurry of negative headlines started to make advertisers nervous and many paused their spending with the company, something Mr Musk blamed on "activist" safety groups which he claimed were against free speech. DON'T MISS Idaho murder suspect family breaks silence on Bryan Kohberger arrest [INSIGHT]Hunter Biden's baby mama seeking name change for daughter [ANALYSIS]Highway left submerged after flash flooding in California [VIDEO] Following an incident where a number of journalists had their accounts suspended over their coverage of Mr Musk, for which he was again heavily criticised, the Twitter owner posted a poll asking users if he should step down as head of the platform, adding that he would "abide" by the result. More than 57 percent said he should. After an uncharacteristically long silence after the result was confirmed, the Tesla boss returned to Twitter to question the validity of the poll and suggest that only paying subscribers should be able to vote on policy-related polls in the future, before he eventually confirmed he would step aside as CEO as soon as he found someone "foolish enough" to replace him. It appears Mr Musk will lead Twitter in 2023, but his and the site's reputation has clearly been damaged by a turbulent few months of controversies, U-turns, and fragmented policy decisions.