Pamela Anderson, 55, is known for her work as an actress and as a glamour model. Today she celebrated the premiere of her new tell-all Netflix documentary, looking appropriately like a bombshell in a red dress and diamond earrings at the Los Angeles event. The director of Pamela, A Love Story, airing on Netflix today, told the press he had no idea the star spent much of her life in debt, a fact he learned while working with her on the project. Ryan White said: "She was the most famous woman in the world on the most famous show in the world and she doesn't have a nest egg from Baywatch to rely upon." Anderson told him she is "just not a good financial planner", joking her credit card might be declined when she paid for dinner on one occasion. White said: "It's shocking for how famous she is and how much a part of American pop culture she's been for the last 30-something years that she had been in financial trouble that many times. It was really revealing and really humanizing." READ MORE: Pamela Anderson's son 'wishes she made money' off infamous sex tape with Tommy Lee Before appearing in Baywatch in 1992, Anderson was the February 1990 Playmate of the Month for Playboy magazine. The exposure gave her the opportunity to strike a very lucrative deal with Baywatch creators. However, the actress apparently retained little fortune from her Baywatch pay, despite the fact she was reportedly paid $300,000 per episode towards the end of her run on the show, around $6.6m a season. The actress was reportedly paid $25,000 (around £18,411) for her last nude appearance in Playboy in 2015. Famously, a sex tape made by Anderson and her partner Tommy Lee was stolen from her home in 1995 and distributed. The tape is estimated to have generated $77 million in revenue. Anderson, however, did not make any of that money herself. "I made not one dollar," she said during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen in 2015. DON'T MISSPamela Anderson brands literary agent 'stupid sh**' over concerns [ANGRY] Donald Trump has billions in the bank - how did he make it? [NEW WORTH] Pamela Anderson’s mum warned she'd ‘never have good sex again’ [INSIGHT] In 2009, Anderson appeared in a pantomime in the UK playing the Genie of the Lamp on minimum union wage at the New Wimbledon Theatre in Wimbledon, in southwest London. By 2010 Anderson owed a whopping $493K in unpaid taxes and was declared a "tax delinquent". She also owed $1 million to building contractors, the Mirror found. At the time the star tweeted: "Events occurred outside of my control which caused this temporary but embarrassing situation. All my tax obligations will be resolved in the very near future." Things started to look up for Anderson when she married film producer Jon Peters in 2020, even though they were wed for just 12 days. The producer paid off $200,000 in bills for his wife. And thanks to Peters, Anderson should be fine no matter what happens in the future. Peters, her fourth husband, has revealed he will leave her $10million in his will. In 2002 he told Variety magazine: "I will always love Pamela, always in my heart. As a matter of fact, I left her $10 million in my will. And she doesn’t even know that. Nobody knows that. I’m just saying it for the first time with you. "I probably shouldn’t be saying it. So that’s for her, whether she needs it or not." According to current estimates, Anderson is thought to have a net worth of $20 million.