A British national has been confirmed as among those killed after the Yeti Airlines flight from Kathmandu crashed into a gorge while coming to land at the popular Himalayan resort town on Sunday. Ruan Calum Crighton, a ballet dancer from Brentwood in Essex is now believed to have died in the disaster. Emergency services have been searching the wreckage with at least 69 of the 72 people aboard believed to have died. Nepalis officials now believe the three missing passengers are also dead. The rescue team on the ground has reported that hope of finding anyone alive "is nil." Mr Crighton was among the names of passengers published by the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal, where his nationality was listed as Irish.  It is understood he was travelling on a UK passport. A spokesman for Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs said: "The Department of Foreign Affairs can confirm that an individual indicated in reports as being Irish is a UK national. "The UK's Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) is providing consular support. "Our deepest sympathies go to all those who have been affected by this tragic plane crash."  An FCDO spokesman said: "We are supporting the family of a British man who has died in Nepal and are in contact with the local authorities." Fifteen foreign nationals were among those on board, according to Nepal's aviation authority. It was not clear what caused the crash, Nepal's worst air accident in three decades. The flight data recorder and a cockpit voice recorder have been retrieved from the site. DON'T MISS British aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid [INSIGHT]Russian military planes spotted in Belarus ahead of 'joint exercises' [ANALYSIS]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [INSIGHT] Last year, 22 people died when a plane crashed on a mountainside in Nepal. In 2018, a US-Bangla passenger plane from Bangladesh crashed on landing in Kathmandu, killing 49 of the 71 people aboard. In 1992, all 167 people aboard a Pakistan International Airlines plane were killed when it plowed into a hill as it tried to land in Kathmandu. Nepal is home to eight of the world’s 14 highest mountains, including Mount Everest.