In the UK, a television licence is required in order to watch programmes as they are being broadcast live as well as viewing BBC iPlayer. It is also needed to watch live content on streaming services or online platforms, such as Amazon Prime and BBC iPlayer. As it stands, the cost of a TV licence is £159 but this can be reduced significantly if someone is eligible for a free or discounted one. Britons can claim a free TV licence if they are over 75 and in receipt of Pension Credit. At the same time, if someone’s partner who lives in the same address is 75 or over and claiming Pension Credit, everyone in the household is eligible. Those who are 74 or over and receiving this particular DWP benefit can sign in to their TV Licensing account and apply for a free TV licence. Alternatively, anyone who thinks they are eligible for this freebie benefit can call 0300 790 6117 for guidance. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments On its website, TV Licensing shares advice for those on Pension Credit who are sending over evidence to claim their free TV licence. The TV licence body stated: “When you apply online, you'll need to upload a copy or photo of a document that shows you (or your partner) receive Pension Credit. This doesn't need to show how much you receive. “We will need one of the following: Pension Credit Award letter, Pension Credit Uprating letter, Warm Home Discount letter or Proof of benefit letter from the Department for Work & Pensions.” This evidence must also show someone’s full name and their partner's name if they are living at the same address, the home address and must be dated within the last 12 months. Pension Credit award letters can be dated back 24 months. As well as this, applicants for the free TV licence must show their proof of age in order to qualify for this assistance. TV Licensing added: “You can upload a copy or photo of one of the following: Passport (photo page), Driving Licence, Birth Certificate, EU/EEA National Identity Card. “If your name on your proof of age is different to your name as shown on your TV Licence you will also need to upload a photo or scanned document showing your marriage or deed poll certificate.” Even if someone is not a Pension Credit claimant who is 75, there are other ways people can reduce the cost of their TV licence. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly Individuals who are legally blind, or live with someone who is, will be able to apply for a 50 percent discount on their bill. When this is applied, a television licence for a blind person would cost £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. To be eligible, applicants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they are blind by showing either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Other evidence can include a letter from an eye surgeon confirming someone’s blindness or a certificate from someone’s Local Authority would also count as proof to the assessor. Those residing in residential accommodation and care homes are also entitled to money off their TV licence. An accommodation for residential care (ARC) concessionary television licence comes to £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow. In order to qualify, claimants must be 60 years old or over and, if they are in paid work, they must not be working for more than 15 hours per week. Forms can be downloaded for applications for this discount on the TV Licensing website.