Kate, the Princess of Wales, was left "baffled" by Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, insiders have revealed. The royal featured in several of the book's most revelatory moments as the Prince recounted uncomfortable personal moments between her and Meghan Markle. While she has reportedly moved on to focus on her work, these personal attacks left her initially taken aback. Daily Mirror royal correspondent Russell Myers has claimed that the attacks "baffled" Princess Kate. But he said she was focused on her work, meaning she did not feel unsettled by her brother-in-law's allegations. Ultimately, she noted the controversy but was "too immersed" in duties to "take much notice". Like the rest of the Royal Family, insiders expect she will remain tight-lipped on the contents of Spare. READ MORE: Expert agrees with Kate's comments about 'talking therapy' She was among the Royal Family members who Prince Harry chose to focus on most in his book. The royal portrayed her and Meghan's relationship as fraught, alleging at one point that the Princess left her “on the floor” of their home in tears after demanding via text that Princess Charlotte's dress be remade. Prince Harry also claimed she was initially averse to hugging and refused to share her lip gloss. In public, she has remained stoic since the book's release, choosing to focus on her work. She was photographed driving on January 10 and betrayed no emotion behind the wheel. Now, the Princess is preparing to take her work on early years care and parenting to its natural next step. She has taken a keen interest in the topics since joining the Firm and is a notable proponent of childhood development. Later this month, she is due to launch her “three to five-year programme” built to help children and parents in their most vital early years. A source told the Mirror Kate has spent "several months" working behind the scenes to deliver her campaign. She has spent "a lot of time reading, meeting and speaking with professionals across the entire field" as she takes her campaigning to the medical and academic world. The Princess aims to create "generational change" for children, the source added, with the process employing a "number of creative parts". Both parents and non-parents can participate, with those from the "medical and academic world" also joining.