Customers who signed up to an energy-saving scheme collectively generated enough electricity to power 654,000 homes for an hour. The data, released by Octopus Energy, OVO and EDF laid bare exactly how successful the National Grid's Demand Flexibility Service was on Monday and Tuesday. It was the first time it had been launched, and had been promoted due to a cold snap which has led to an inevitable reliance on peak-time heating. It had been tipped to save participants £10 off their bills in return for switching off energy-guzzling appliances for an hour and an hour-and-a-half on two respective nights.    Aside from helping balance the National Grid at a time when energy supplies have been "tight", the scheme also helps the UK reduce its reliance on burning coal, the most polluting fossil fuel. This tightness in the UK's energy supplies also forced National Grid’s electricity system operator (ESO) to request the warming up of three coal-fired power stations to help keep energy supplies secure. The coal fired power stations are due to be in retirement, but this has now been postponed until after winter. Preliminary data shared with Express.co.uk showed that on both nights, more than 400,000 customers from Octopus Energy had signed up, marking its highest participation rate ever. The energy supplier invited every eligible smart customer to participate in Saving Sessions, with almost half of those eligible (600,000) signing up to reduce their usage for cash.   Initial data shows that on Monday, Octopus reduced the UK’s energy usage by around 200MWh, followed by 250MWh on Tuesday, which is equivalent to the amount of energy needed to power 653,000 homes. The energy supplier added that the average customer was being paid between £1.25 to £2.50 for the hour on Monday, which rose to £2.50 average for the hour and a half the next day. On Monday, the top five percent of Octopus Energy customers were paid over £8.75 for reducing their energy use for an hour, while on Tuesday the highest earners saved an impressive £15. Overall, the energy supplier said that it had shelled out more than £1 million to its customers during Tuesday's event alone, as customers were given an equivalent of £4 for every kWh that they saved. READ MORE: Energy lifeline as firm offers 'lowest priced' heat pump at £499  Other major energy suppliers too participated in National Grid's Demand Flexibility Service. EDF revealed that out of the approximately 34,000 customers that signed up for their Beat the Peak service, 18,000 had participated on Monday, and the number rose to 21,000 the next day. Meanwhile, OVO's data showed that nearly 8,000 customers took part in its scheme, saving a total of 2,834 kWh. They added that the highest earning participants earned £22.41 in credit for one hour of energy shifted. On Tuesday, the figures were higher, with nearly 9,700 customers helping save 4,800kWh of energy. The highest saving customers were able to rack up even more within the 90 minute session, earning £31.47 in credit. DON'T MISS:New dino species with over 400 teeth inside 'duck-style' mouth found [REPORT]Brits to be paid £10 to stop using energy-guzzling appliances tonight [REVEAL]Iceberg twice the size of NYC breaks close to UK Antarctic base [SPOTLIGHT] The UK has been facing freezing temperatures and poor conditions for wind turbines in the past week, which has led to low renewable electricity generation. Following the first live run of the Demand Flexibility Service on Monday, the National Grid noted that natural gas had generated over half (51.4 percent) of the UK's electricity. This was far more than wind, which produced on 15.3 percent due to poor weather, followed by nuclear at 13.2 percent, biomass at 5.6 percent, hydropower at 2.7, while coal produced just 2.5 percent, only beating solar at 1.6 percent. Meanwhile, the UK also imported 7.8 percent of its electricity through interconnections in continental Europe. As the cold snap plunged Britain into sub-zero temperatures on Sunday, National Grid ESO ordered Drax to begin “warming” two of its coal units at its North Yorkshire site and french-owned EDF to do the same for one unit at its West Burton plant in Nottinghamshire to keep energy supplies in abundance on Monday. Forecasts show temperatures starting to recover slightly into February, but for how long for remains uncertain. 