Prince Harry's body language shows the duke is enjoying his life in the US, according to a body language expert. As well as claiming he seems more "relaxed" in a recent interview, body language expert Darren Stanton has revealed that the Duke of Sussex's nonverbal communication shows he is "loving life in California". Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, Mr Stanton said: "While speaking about moving to America, I saw genuine flashes of happiness and joy." He claimed this is something which he "hasn't seen in previous interviews". Speaking of the Duke's emotions, he said: "In my opinion, Harry has been known to mask his emotions over the years. "However, now that his book is published, he’s in a position to openly speak about his views." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s attacks on William would have ‘devastated’ Diana, claims ex butler Harry also spoke about his late mother, Princess Diana, whom he lost at the age of 12. Describing it as a "sensitive topic", Mr Stanton claimed that Harry spoke "extremely open" about his late mother, who died, aged 36, in a car crash in Paris in August 1997. While the interview, especially when opening about about this tragedy, Harry did "flash some expressions of sadness", Mr Stanton add that Harry's body language was "consistent with someone who was speaking from the heart". The body language expert described it as "a great interview", with Harry speaking "to the point" and proving he is "happy" and "relaxed to speak about all areas of his life". READ MORE: Prince Harry told he is ‘missing the point’ after being handed ‘working royal privilege’ Prince Harry's explosive memoir was released, worldwide, on January 10. Harry also appeared in a number of other televised interviews to promote Spare. For another US interview, Harry sat down alongside Anderson Cooper, who grilled the Duke about the difficulties that he and Meghan have faced with the Royal Family. In the UK, Harry appeared in an interview with Tom Bradby for ITV. This interview was aired on January 8, the same day as the one with Anderson Cooper. DON'T MISS Harry's memoir, which highlights his life as a member of the Royal Family, starts from the death of his late mother in 1997, up until the present day as a husband and father. Meghan and Harry currently live in the US with their two children, Archie, 3, and Lilibet, 19 months.