Erik ten Hag was not prepared to give anything away when he was quizzed for an update on Manchester United's transfer pursuit of loan target Wout Weghorst. The Dutch tactician was asked if the move was edging closer after his side thumped League One outfit Charlton 3-0 at Old Trafford to book their place in the semi-finals of the Carabao Cup. But Ten Hag remained coy on the subject, responding: “No, unfortunately, I can’t." A swoop for his compatriot is understood to be edging closer after United reached an agreement with the striker over a straight loan move until the end of the season. There is one final hurdle that needs to materialise before the deal is completed though, as Besiktas focus their efforts on the signing of a replacement. The Black Eagles have now made a contract offer for former striker Vincent Aboubakar as they await the Cameroonian's response. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Aboubakar is currently in talks with Al-Nassr over the termination of his contract following Cristiano Ronaldo's move to Saudi Arabia. Should Besiktas manage to get the 30-year-old on board, they would agree to release Weghorst. The Burnley striker desperately wants the move and is patiently awaiting a positive outcome. He trained with the Black Eagles on Tuesday morning, showing indications he is not prepared to down tools to force through his dream move. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks United do not seem to be exploring other targets as a Plan B either, which would suggest there is confidence a deal can be done. Joao Felix was briefly considered but the Atletico Madrid attacker is now joining Chelsea on loan. The Red Devils have also been linked with the likes of Marcus Thuram but the Red Devils do not appear to be seriously interested. Their excessive spending last summer means they are working with limited finances this month. That is why the loan market appears to be their main area of focus with Weghorst now seemingly close to arriving at Old Trafford. United have now won eight games on the bounce in all competitions since their 3-1 defeat to Aston Villa in the Premier League in November. That was the final game of Cristiano Ronaldo's second stint with the club, which would suggest the club made the right decision to free him from his contract. Marcus Rashford has scored in seven of those matches as he added another two goals to his tally on Tuesday night. Antony was also on target for the hosts.