Australian-Canadian actor David Berry has been part of Outlander since season two when he was the warden of Ardsmuir Prison while Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) was incarcerated there. The actor has become a fan-favourite over the years with people loving his friendship with Jamie as well as the rest of the Fraser family. The star now has a legion of fans with many viewers also eager to know about him beyond the realms of the Starz series. Berry grew up in Australia and originally started out as a singer and violinist before going into acting. His first television appearance came in Miss Fisher’s Murder Mysteries which was then followed up by an appearance in Home and Away as Logan Meyer for 10 episodes. The star also starred in the films Progeny and The Crate: A True Vietnam War Story. But it was his part as James Bligh in A Place to Call Home which saw his star profile return. READ MORE: Diana Gabaldon created Jamie Fraser after watching Doctor Who All of this would have boosted his wealth over the years but Outlander is his most high profile role to date and has brought him international recognition. The show is likely to have contributed the most to his wealth and with each season his salary may have gone up. There are varying figures for Berry’s net worth with an estimated £4.1million ($5million) according to All Famous Birthday and Hollywoods Magazine. While Wikispro suggests the figure could be somewhere between an estimated £821,000 to £4.1million ($1million to $5million). According to Variety’s 2017 report on TV salaries, lead stars Caitriona Balfe and Heughan were paid an estimated £82,000 ($100,000) per episode. Since Outlander has grown in success and factoring in inflation, this figure is likely to have soared. Additionally, they are likely to have boosted their pay packet thanks to now being credited as TV producers. Similarly, Berry is likely to have been initially paid less than this when he started because he was not a lead on the show. But over time, this would have gone up given the amount of episodes he featured in and also his prominence in the story. Outlander has also lead Berry to land other roles including the TV series Barons and he most recently starred in the drama Riptide opposite Jo Joyner. Again, these roles would have boosted his wealth over time and built upon his profile. Berry is now busy working on the show again on season seven with Lord John and Jamie’s love child William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart). DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [VIEWER REACTION]BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [ANALYSIS] Back in November, Berry attended the Scottish BAFTA Awards to present an award alongside his Outlander co-star Sophie Skelton. Berry posted a photo from the event to Instagram and captioned the snap shared with his 492,000 followers: “Dressing fancy and showing up in places to hang out with the Frasers since the 1700s. “Thank you @baftascotland for hosting such an amazing celebration of Scottish talent, and for the honour of presenting the award for best feature film with the wonderful @sophie.skelton. “Special congratulations to @caitrionabalfe and @rikrankin for their nominations and @samheughan for his epic win!” Outlander season 7 will premiere in summer 2023 and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now