Death in Paradise returned on Friday night with its second instalment of series 12. Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was back as he and the team attempted to solve another mysterious murder in Saint Marie. Fans also got a further insight into the detective's budding romance with newcomer Sophie (Chelsea Edge). The episode surrounded the disappearance of doomsday prepper Kit Martin (Elander Moore), who failed to show up for his court appearance. Despite Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) and trainee officer Darlene Curtis' (Ginny Holder) efforts to find their culprit, Kit’s body was found inside a sealed underground bunker. Neville and DS Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) were quickly on the case, and all signs pointed to a murder. The detective spoke with Kit's colleagues, Justin West (Robert Webb), Raya West (Jo Hartley) and Charlie Banks (Joplin Sibtain) about their whereabouts, which is when Neville became suspicious of the trio. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Meanwhile, bad boy turned police officer, Marlon showed his interest in becoming a sergeant and plucked up the courage to ask Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington). But while Selwyn was impressed with Marlon’s work over the last two years, he told the officer that he wasn't ready to step up. This didn't put Marlon off because, by the end of the episode, he told the Commissioner he would continue with the application anyway. Viewers also watched Neville's romance with Sophie come to an end as she finally left Saint Marie to go back to Manchester. Despite it being an emotional goodbye, Neville told Sophie it was better to say goodbye now rather than keep in touch when she arrived home. As the instalment came to a close, Neville finally caught the culprit of Kit's murder. However, as he said goodbye to Sophie, one of the suspects sat watching the detective from a distance. Justin had a glint of anger in his eyes as he drank a bottle of rum. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley puts head in hands as she admits she 'wees in the shower' [VIDEO]Emmerdale exit for Cain Dingle as fans 'work out' murder plot  [SPOILERS] Fans immediately took to social media to share their theories about the upcoming storyline. Many believe history could be repeating itself and that Neville would be killed off by Justin. Neville wouldn't be the first detective to be killed off, as in season three, Richard Poole (Ben Miller) was brutally murdered. Samm Gee wrote: "@deathinparadise Oh please tell me Neville isn’t going to get killed off by that West character???? If @RalfLittle is leaving this series, please let it be a happy ending #DeathInParadise." (sic) Alice shared: "I am not emotionally prepared to go through another Richard." Debbie Blackman added: "@RalfLittle @deathinparadise I was worried Neville was leaving with Sophie now I'm worried he's not going to survive #DeathInParadise." (sic) "IF HE HURTS NEVILLE I WILL SCREAM AND NEVER STOP @deathinparadise #deathinparadise #nevilleparker," @bymbeth13 pleaded. Angela McVey went on to say: "At the start me ‘Oh no don’t you dare leave Neville’ At the end ‘He’s going to kill Neville, nooooo’ #DeathInParadise." (sic) Melody penned: "No no no, I had a feeling about this and now it makes me very anxious. Please do not kill Neville, he's been amazing I'm scared." (sic) While Daniel commented: "If Neville gets killed off, I will be crying for the rest of the year." Death in Paradise returns on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.