Andy Murray has shared his pride after defeating 13th seed Matteo Berrettini in a five-set marathon at the Australian Open. The world No 66 blew his two-set lead and saved a match point as he clawed his way back to a 6-3 6-4 4-6 6-7(7) 7-6(6) victory in four hours and 49 minutes and has now shared what made the difference in the first-round match. It comes as Murray confessed to being his own biggest critic and questioning his own performances in the past. Murray earned his best Grand Slam win by ranking in six years at the Australian Open on Tuesday as he outlasted the world No 14 in a clash that lasted almost five hours and went down to the wire in a decisive first-to-ten-point match tiebreak. The former world No 1 proved he still had the ability to upset the top players and impressed even himself as he admitted that it was a rare feeling after a match. “Yeah, I mean, I think the last few years, like, I've certainly questioned myself at times,” the three-time Grand Slam champion told reporters after the match. “There's certainly a lot of people who questioned me and my ability, whether I could, yeah, still perform at the biggest events and the biggest matches.” The five-time champion in Melbourne also admitted that the work he put in over the off-season likely made the difference as he managed to regroup from losing sets three and four to win the match in a tiebreak.  “Yeah, I felt very proud of myself after the match. That's not something that I generally felt over the years at the end of the tennis matches,” he continued. JUST IN: Ons Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open win   “But, yeah, I think I'm proud of the work that I put in the last few months. I trained really, really hard over in Florida getting ready to play here. I'm really proud of how I fought through that match at the end, like I said, when it could have got away from me, how I played in the tiebreak at the end.” Murray also admitted to giving himself a tough time when it came to tennis but said that wasn’t the case this time around as he basked in the glory of winning the brutal match, adding: “Yeah, I was impressed with myself, which again is not something... I'm hard on myself usually. “Yeah, tonight I need to give myself some credit because the last few years have been tough. I've lost a few of those matches, those type of matches, in the slams the last couple years, whether that's the Tsitsipas match or whatever, Isner at Wimbledon. That one could have gone the other way tonight, but I stayed strong and I deserved to win.” DON'T MISSKyrgios claims he had 'successful Aus Open' thanks to Djokovic'Devastated' Kyrgios shares surgery plans after Aus Open withdrawalNine Aus Open stars pulled out in same round due to horrible heat The 46-time title winner also explained exactly how a training block in Florida with coach Ivan Lendl and physio Phil Hayward helped him up his strength and endurance to last in matches like his first round in Australia, as he set his sights on repeating the routine again later in the year. “I was there for three weeks. We were in Boca Raton at like a country club there,” he explained. “We trained there. Not every day. We had obviously some days off. But, yeah, put a lot of work in on the court. I did a lot of cardio work on the bike and on the Versaclimber. Yeah, just lived a pretty sort of basic life for those weeks. Like, I was just, yeah, get up at the same time most mornings, go grab a coffee, get down to the practice courts, spend two-and-a-half, three hours on the court, have lunch, then head to the gym in the afternoon, or sometimes go back on the court again.” Murray first announced his plans for a gruelling training block at the end of the 2022 season after admitting to training in the gym just twice between the US Open and the end of the year, and was eager to keep it up. “Yeah, just had very, very little distractions. I was totally focused on my training and on my tennis, the things I needed to do to get better. It's something that I'll definitely look to do at times during the rest of this year to make sure I dedicate enough time to the hard work and improving my game,” he said. 