Andrew Bridgen MP is suing Matt Hancock for £100,000 in a row over the Covid vaccine. The former health secretary had accused Mr Bridgen of spouting "anti-Semitic, anti-vax conspiracy theories" after he compared the effects of Covid vaccines to the Holocaust.  Mr Bridgen lost the Conservative whip over comments he made about the vaccine earlier this month. The MP for North West Leicestershire wants Mr Hancock to pay damages to a legal fund for people seeking "collective redress for vaccine harms". The row centres on a Twitter message published by Mr Bridgen earlier this month in which he compared the effects of COVID-19 vaccines to the Holocaust. He wrote: "As one consultant cardiologist said to me, this is the biggest crime against humanity since the Holocaust". Mr Hancock condemned the remarks in a Twitter message on the same day in which he wrote: "[T]he disgusting and dangerous anti-Semitic, anti-vax, anti-scientific conspiracy theories spouted by a sitting MP this morning are unacceptable and have absolutely no place in our society".  Mr Bridgen denied his comment was racist or anti-Semitic. He said he would speak to a legal team who "will commence action against those who have led the call suggesting that I am". In a further Twitter post on January 13, Mr Bridgen wrote that Mr Hancock had still not removed his "defamatory tweet" falsely alleging that he is "anti-Semitic". He added: "I will allow Matt three days to apologise publicly for calling me an anti-Semite and racist or he will be contacted by my legal team". The Telegraph reports that in a letter to Mr Hancock five days later, Mr Bridgen's legal team outlines its claim against Mr Hancock and the demand for damages. READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN'S GAME PLAN BEING DESTROYED  According to the same publication, the letter said: "By inclusion of the phrases 'anti-semitic', 'anti-vax', 'anti-scientific' and 'conspiracy theories' the words are defamatory at common law." The seven-page letter added Mr Bridgen wants Mr Hancock to "retract and delete the defamatory statement contained in the tweet complained of with immediate effect". It said that he should "apologise for the tweet complained of - both orally in the House of Commons - and in writing on Mr Hancock's personal Twitter account". He said Mr Hancock should "acknowledge full and final settlement of any prospective claim in the form of a payment of £100,000 - to be transferred into a legal fund on behalf of persons seeking collective redress for vaccine harms (under the UK Government's Vaccine Damages Payment Scheme)". DON'T MISS: Brexit voters less confident in leaving EU due to economic fears [REVEALED] Tories urged to axe ‘weak’ Sunak to survive as leading party [REPORT] Brexit plan branded ‘baffling’ by M&S chief over trade fears [LATEST]  The legal action is being funded by the Reclaim Party and the Bad Law Project. Reclaim leader Laurence Fox told The Telegraph: "The Reclaim Party and the Bad Law Project is providing its full support to Mr Bridgen and we want a full apology from Mr Hancock. "It’s an issue of free speech, transparency and compassion for those suffering vaccine harms. "I have been approached by a number of people quite keen to put a few quid into this when we pursue the case." A spokesperson for Mr Hancock said: "What Matt said was obviously not libellous and he stands by his comments. Rather than wasting his time and money on an absurd libel case he will undoubtedly lose, let's hope Bridgen does the right thing and apologises for the hurt he's caused and keeps his offensive view to himself in future."  Mr Bridgen was stripped of the Tory whip after appearing to compare Covid vaccines with the Holocaust. He has since apologised for any offence caused, but said he would continue to ask questions about the safety of the jabs. Former Tory whip Adam Holloway said stripping the whip from the MP was part of a "frighteningly totalitarian, woke way of looking at the world". The Gravesham MP said he did not agree with Mr Bridgen's views on the coronavirus vaccine, but he hit out at what he said amounted to a loss of freedom of speech by removing the Tory whip from him. Scientific experts defended Covid vaccines after Mr Bridgen's remarks.  Professor Sir Andrew Pollard, who helped develop the Oxford/AstraZeneca jab, and Professor Adam Finn, a member of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation, both said the benefits outweighed the risks. Sir Andrew said: "It is essential, as part of the scientific process, that hypotheses on vaccine safety and efficacy are tested rigorously in clinical trials, and the data subjected to challenge by investigators and independent experts, and undergoes painstakingly detailed regulatory review, to ensure that we always base vaccine policy decisions on the very best scientific evidence and its interpretation. "The emergence of new data or evidence is welcome in science to ensure that conclusions can be reviewed and revised as necessary so that the most effective and cost-effective use of vaccines continues. Ideological beliefs in favour or against vaccination are not science and have no role to play in making the best policy." Prof Finn said: "Both denying the existence of vaccine side-effects and exaggerating them are very unhelpful to the public, to public health and to maintaining trust in medicine and science. Serious injury due to vaccination definitely does occur but, mercifully, it is very rare while the benefits are near universal."  