Cate Blanchett originally is from Melbourne, Australia, but she’s since swapped the beach for the countryside having relocated to Sussex. The Oscar-winning actress lives in a large manor house just outside of Tunbridge Wells, with playwright and husband Andrew Upton and their four children. Cate moved to the East Sussex town of Crowborough in 2015 and resides in an historic English manor named Highwell House. It's an imposing property believed to have cost around £5million. Once home to Sherlock Holmes creator Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Doctor Who actor Tom Baker, the country mansion boasts seven bedrooms and five grand reception rooms. The sprawling property sits within 13-acres of secluded grounds. It can be found off a quiet country lane via imposing wrought iron gates. But beneath the magnificence of Cate's very impressive estate is a far less glamorous history. Highwell House was left abandoned for at least a decade before it was bought by the Blanchett family. The supposedly haunted manor was even named one of Britain's creepiest abandoned houses the year it was purchased by Cate. In pictures taken prior to the renovations, with debris, rotting walls and broken furniture, the property looks almost unrecognisable to what it is today. As the eerie photos show, it looks like the previous owners left in a bit of a hurry. READ MORE: Jayne Torvill’s quiet life in beautiful East Sussex market town Unmade beds and empty jars remained for years, just as they had been left. All sorts of furniture and rubbish were also still there in what looked a rather bleak house. Prior to Highwell House, Cate and Andrew owned properties across the world, from a waterfront mansion in Sydney to an island retreat in Vanuatu. However they are believed to have closed a chapter on their Sydney life in 2020, selling their last remaining Sydney home. Having conquered the big screen over a career spanning 20 years, Cate has chosen a quiet home life in the countryside. And in 2021, she won planning permission to create a new building on the property. That building came complete with a studio and meditation room, where she likely spends much of her time relaxing away from the glitz and glamour of A-list celebrity status. DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]‘Best’ method to prune your peace lily - ‘nudges it to flower again’ [EXPERT]‘Perfect natural weed eradicating solution’ that works on ‘all weeds’ [COMMENT] Crowborough is located close to Ashdown Forest - the enchanted wood where Christopher Robin and Winnie-the-Pooh roamed. The unspoilt area is in the High Weald Area of Outstanding National Beauty, boasting boundless natural beauty. Although Crowborough is tucked away in the countryside, with plenty of gorgeous private properties, it is by no means cut off. The town is situated on the A26, meaning Brighton is easily accessible and London is only around an hour and a half away. READ MORE: Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district It is also surrounded by many beautiful villages and towns, including Forest Row, East Grinstead - with Tunbridge Wells offering great shopping. In terms of the property market in Crowborough, the town made number six on the list of the top ten places where property prices had increased the most in 2021. According to Rightmove, properties in Crowborough had an overall average house price of £508,748 over the last year. The majority of sales in Crowborough during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £684,396. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £422,864, with flats fetching £239,998. Overall, sold prices in Crowborough over the last year were nine percent up on the previous year and 17 percent up on the 2020 peak of £436,292. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The most expensive property currently listed on Rightmove is a seven bedroom detached house, with a guide price of £3,900,000. According to the listing, it is “one of the finest” luxury eco mansions to be built in Sussex in recent years. This imposing seven bedroom house, boasts the highest of finishes, technology and facilities. The lowest priced property is currently a three bedroom semi-detached house on sale with a guide price of £241,000, located in a “lovely” area. It is not the first time Cate has owned property in the south east. The 52-year-old, previously owned a property at the esteemed Lewes Crescent in the Kemptown area of Brighton in the early 2000s. The townhouse had suede-covered walls in the main bedroom, a home cinema and seven acres of private gardens. She reportedly sold the property to songwriter Richard Stannard who put it on the market in 2009 with an asking price of £3.1 million.