The Royal Family won't openly support the Duke of York's rumoured legal bid to overturn the settlement he reached with Ms Giuffre in February 2022, an expert has claimed. Crisis and reputation management expert Anthony Burr told Express.co.uk: "I think the problem here is that they wanted to draw a line under the whole thing last year and they wanted to keep it that way, and although maybe some people may support Andrew's bid, I think they will be advised not to publicly support it but to say if he wants to go down that channel by his own volition than that it's obviously his legal right and he should do so. "But they won't want to see it, because I think the issue here is that there is, I believe, a gagging order which was only for a year, so we could see a lot more details coming out over the next few months, salacious details which I don't think any part would like. "For me, I would have said the Royal Family probably wanted to draw a line under that and keep it there, but obviously you have to look at Andrew's state at the moment, and he has been an outcast and he wants to change that." Mr Burr, founder of BurrMedia, added: "I think personally what the Royal Family would do is telling him do what you want, but outwardly they will not be supporting it." King Charles would not bar his brother from going ahead with this legal bid if he wished to, it was reported earlier this year. Prince Andrew hasn't yet confirmed whether he is seeking ways to overturn his settlement with Ms Giuffre. The agreement was reached months after Ms Giuffre, who claims to have been one of the victims of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, had launched a civil lawsuit against Andrew in the summer of 2021. She accused the Duke of sexually assaulting her aged 17 when she was being sex-trafficked by Epstein. Andrew has vehemently and repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, and prior to the lawsuit, in November 2019, he had told Newsnight's Emily Maitlis he had no recollection of ever meeting his accuser. The settlement reportedly included the payment from Andrew of an undisclosed sum as well as a year-long gagging order. READ MORE: King Charles asked Archbishop for a deal allowing Harry and Meghan at Coronation The legal statement announcing a settlement had been reached also stated Andrew had "never intended to malign Ms Giuffre’s character" and that he recognised she had "suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks". However, this settlement did not represent an admission of liability on his behalf. Reports regarding the Duke's rumoured desire to overturn the settlement also claimed the royal may have been inspired to launch a new legal bid after Ms Giuffre dropped her defamation lawsuit against US lawyer and professor Alan Dershowitz in November. At the time, the campaigner said she "may have made a mistake" in identifying him as one of the men Epstein had trafficked her to. Mr Dershowitz, who had launched a now dropped counter-defamation lawsuit against Ms Giuffre, has always vehemently denied allegations against him. Discussing reports of Andrew's possible new legal bid, Felicity Gerry KC, an International Kings's Counsel barrister specialising in homicide, terrorism, war crimes and modern slavery law told Express.co.uk: "This appears to be as a result of the collapse of proceedings against Epstein’s lawyer Alan Dershowitz which suggests there may be fresh information to explore which is relevant to the case against Prince Andrew." The co-author of 'The Sexual Offences Handbook' added: "It is important not to speculate about possibilities but let the legal process take its course. Much may depend on the terms of the settlement and what was known at the time (of the settlement)."