In his forthcoming memoir, Spare, which has already been spotted on sale in Spain, Prince Harry has shared several insights into the Royal Family. In one part of the explosive new read, the Duke of Sussex revealed the reaction that his brother, Prince William and sister-in-law, Kate had to news that he was dating former Suits actress, Meghan Markle. Prince Harry has revealed that both his brother and sister-of-law appeared shocked when finding out about the woman he was dating. He joked that he had no idea that the couple, particularly Kate, were big fans of the US drama that Meghan previously starred in. Harry also opened up about his desire to be seen as an equal with a partner at his side. He hoped that the four would be seen as a team, something that William had tried downplaying his hopes around. In the memoir, Harry explained that couple ended up upsetting him, despite their initial reaction. READ MORE: Harry claims Camilla 'didn't care' about impressing him on first meeting as he wasn't heir They had both reportedly cautioned the Duke to not get his hopes up about the union. It was previously reported that William had expressed his fears over how fast Harry's relationship with Meghan was growing. Harry revealed that Kate wasn't present when Meghan first met his elder brother. Despite Kate's absence, Harry revealed that the meeting went well. Following a successful meeting with William, Harry claimed that Meghan impressed King Charles III and the late Queen too. READ MORE: POLL: Should the Royal Family respond to allegations in Spare? To their meeting, Meghan wore her hair down, a style that both approved of. Meghan met Harry during the summer of 2016, and got engaged just 16 months later, in November 2017. The couple got married in Windsor on May 19, 2018, and welcomed their first child, son Archie in 2019. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] The couple announced, via Instagram, their desire to step down as senior working royals in January 2020, less than two years after their wedding day. Aside from his upcoming memoir, Harry is set to appear in two televised interviews this weekend. On January 8, two days before the release, Harry's interview with Tom Bradby will air on ITV. The second interview will air on NBC's 60 Minutes.