A seven-year-old girl was mauled to death by a neighbour’s pitbull that ran into her family’s yard. Sadie Davila was playing outside her Louisiana home at 6:30 pm Friday when the dog stormed the property and “viciously attacked her”, according to arrest documents obtained by the Advocate. A family member tried to repel the dog by hitting it with a walking cane, but the animal couldn’t be deterred. The child was taken to the hospital with multiple dog bites to her face and severe skull damage. She later died from her injuries, police said. Investigators found the dog after the incident with blood around its face and mouth, the affidavit states. A “substantial” amount of blood was found in Sadie’s yard. READ MORE: Horror as five, including three minors, found dead in ‘murder suicide’ massacre The dog was euthanised the night of the killing, the city’s animal control director told the Advocate. The dog's owner, identified as 20-year-old Erick Lopez, was taken into custody on allegations of negligent homicide. He told officers he wasn’t home during the attack and regularly lets the dog roam the neighbourhood unrestrained. The 20-year-old’s home, roughly 150 yards from where Sadie was killed, is not surrounded by gates or fences, the arrest documents noted. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan 'hurt' as Netflix show backfires in US [REPORT]Richard Branson says he found Elon Musk in his kitchen [INSIGHT]Police officer sentenced after wife put his semen in cupcakes [LATEST] The owner was later charged with negligent homicide for failing to confine or restrain the animal. "This is an awful, heart-breaking tragedy," East Baton Rouge Sheriff Sid Gautreaux said in a statement. "My heart goes out to this family, and they will remain in my prayers." A spate of pitbull attacks have been recently reported across the country. READ MORE: Man in his 60s dies of sepsis after bite from his much-loved pet dog Three pitbulls mauled a 43-year-old woman to death last month. The owner will remain in custody until his status in the country is confirmed, and for his formal bail application, it was reported on Thursday. It comes after a seven-month-old baby has been left with horrendous injuries after he was mauled by two pitbulls while in the care of a babysitter. According to his grandfather, Dajuane Goode, 46, the babysitter left Semaj, from Washington DC, with her daughter while she ran errands on November 3. Dajuane said that Semaj was in the babysitter's house when her daughter opened their cellar door, which led to the pit bulls escaping and going straight for the little boy, who was in his walker, biting his head, face and torso. According to Dajuane, the baby suffered a broken nose, fractured skull, lacerations to his face and torso, and loss of previous motor skills. He will have future brain damage and is currently unable to breathe on his own. According to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA), some pitbulls have been selected and bred for their fighting ability. That means that they may be more likely than other breeds to fight with dogs. "It doesn’t mean that they can’t be around other dogs or that they’re unpredictably aggressive," notes the ASPCA. The dog charity continues: "It is likely that the vast majority of pit bull type dogs in our communities today are the result of random breeding—two dogs being mated without regard to the behavioral traits being passed on to their offspring. "The result of random breeding is a population of dogs with a wide range of behavioral predispositions."