Tallulah Willis, 28, shared a heartwarming image alongside Bruce Willis of the pair looking happy and having fun as they danced together on her Instagram page. The former action man, 67, looked well as he posed with his daughter - whom he shares with GI Jane star Demi Moore, 60. Dressed casually the pair looked relaxed as they made funny faces to the camera. Tallulah captioned the post: “High drama club - fingers crossed I eat a veggie this week. LMAO," followed by a laughing face emoji. (sic) READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' The fun snap comes after Bruce’s family announced that the Die Hard star was suffering from a rare brain condition called aphasia. The disease affects the sufferer's ability to speak and understand language. Speaking to RadarOnline a source revealed that the family are spending every moment together. They said: “They know he won't be around forever so they are cherishing every single moment.” The source also revealed that Bruce has been in regular contact with his ex-wife Demi since he was diagnosed with the life-changing condition. They told the publication that she has been in constant contact with Bruce and his wife Emma Heming. She said: "She [Demi], takes every opportunity she can to spend time with him.” Adding: “If she’s not there by his side, she’s calling on the phone, just so Bruce can hear her voice.” Fans flocked to Tallulah’s page to comment on the snap. One follower simply posted a series of red love heart emojis Another wrote:” Wynona Rider looks alike. On a serious note… Thank you for sharing our dear Bruce the actor and Bruce your father, we love this. Thank you so much.” DONT MISS: Hollywood has 'had enough' of 'increasingly toxic' Harry and Meghan Meghan ‘could be writing own book’ as ‘other dramas’ may yet come Meghan and Harry 'not welcome' at Los Angeles BAFTA party in new snub  While a third posted: “Cuties." The snap comes after it has been revealed that since his diagnosis Demi and Bruce have very much become a blended family. Bruce shares three daughters with Demi, including Rumer, 34, Tallulah, and Scout, 31. The star has two more daughters, eight-year-old Evelyn Penn, and Mabel Ray, 10, with his second wife Emma. The blended family are now spending as much time together which includes the holidays and quality time together. "It was always a special time," the source said. "The family traditions they loved continued, like their pajama parties and game nights." Just last Christmas the blended family posed for pictures together which Demi posted on her Instagram page. She captioned the image: “'We are FAMILY!! Getting into the holiday spirit!” Bruce’s wife Emma concurred, commenting on the post she wrote: “What a fun evening followed by the red love heart emoji.”