Prince Harry has described the moment he was told Prince Philip had died while also reflecting on his turbulent departure from the Royal Family. In an excerpt from his new book 'Spare', to be published on January 10, Harry describes turning up to Frogmore Gardens in Windsor after the funeral of Prince Philip. The Duke of Sussex says it was at this moment, alone, that he reflected on "how sad" it was that Frogmore Cottage was to be his and Meghan's "home for life" before they left royal duties behind. Prince Harry said in a Spanish version of Spare seen by Express.co.uk he and his wife "fled" royal life in January 2020 because they feared for their " mental health and physical integrity." Just days before Philip's funeral, Harry added that he woke up to "32 missed calls" before having a brief conversation with the Queen, in which she informed him of Philip's death. Harry recalled the "harrowing" conversation, in which the late monarch said: “Harry… , grandfather has passed away." Following the death of his grandfather, Harry paid a touching tribute to Philip, branding him the "legend of banter". In a statement, he said: “He was authentically himself, with a seriously sharp wit, and could hold the attention of any room due to his charm – and also because you never knew what he might say next. “He has been a rock for Her Majesty the Queen with unparalleled devotion, by her side for 73 years of marriage, and while I could go on, I know that right now he would say to all of us, beer in hand, ‘Oh do get on with it!’" 'Spare' is available to buy here from January 10.  READ MORE: Love story my foot! Harry's book is an all out attack  While Harry has been scathing when talking about a number of Royal Family members, he and Meghan have not been critical of the late Queen. Following her death in September, Harry paid tribute to his grandmother, saying he is "forever grateful" for her support. He added: “Granny, while this final parting brings us great sadness, I am forever grateful for all of our first meetings – from my earliest childhood memories with you, to meeting you for the first time as my commander-in-chief, to the first moment you met my darling wife and hugged your beloved great-grandchildren. “I cherish these times shared with you, and the many other special moments in between. You are already sorely missed, not just by us, but by the world over. And as it comes to first meetings, we now honour my father in his new role as King Charles III. “Thank you for your commitment to service. Thank you for your sound advice. Thank you for your infectious smile. We, too, smile knowing that you and Grandpa are reunited now, and both together in peace.”