Zara Tindall fans have praised the granddaughter of the late Queen Elizabeth II and her dazzling look last year for the Service of Thanksgiving for The Queen’s reign. The service took place on 3 June last year, during the the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II celebrations. Fans claimed the daughter of Princess Anne, who does not hold an official royal title, "outshone" other royals at the event and they praised her hardworking ethic. Zara attended with her husband, former rugby player Mark Tindall, who matched her in a pink tie. She wore a bespoke coat dress from Laura Green London. The gorgeous dress featured a belt cinching in the equestrian's waist, voluminious sleeve details and a quirkly platter collar. Laura Green is a British designer with a history at Vogue, before working in luxury clothing. She launched her eponymous line in 2018, focusing on hand-crafted, sustainable clothing. READ MORE: Zara Tindall could make change to her appearance to be the 'hottest right now' The company requires a £250 per session for its bespoke service, which can be carried out in their showroom, at your home or in a hotel. Prices for the couture bespoke service start at £1,500. Prices for ready-to-wear coat dresses start at £2,600. Complementing the bright Fuschia of the coat, Zara opted for the Micro Lottie bag, £395, from Aspinal, in "English Lavender Pebble". The royal opted for LK Bennett shoes that perfectly matched her bag. They appeared to be the Fern Lilac Suede Pointed Toe Courts, £249. Finally, Zara added a Juliette Botterill hat in lilac, the Hydrangea Bow Percher, £650. DON'T MISSZara Tindall divides fans with another 'too short' dress [DEBATE] Zara and Mike come face-to-face with Harry friend from Netflix show after [ROYAL] Zara Tindall has 'outdone herself this time' [STYLE] Royal fans went wild for the bright and bold look. One, Joanne Bell, wrote: "Pretty in Pink. The most underrated royal lady!" Sammy Lou added: "She’s so ace, hard-working mum and wife. One of my favourite royals, her and Mike are just adorable." Royal fan Nadine Harrison said: "My God, I'm in love with this dress. Zara is one of my favourite royals." TikTok user "Littlebee" said: "She looked absolutely beautiful. A true royal. Her mother must be very proud of her." Polly said: "She outshone everyone. What a superstar she is. Just love the summery colours she chose. So appropriate." Another royal commenter wrote: "Doesn't need a title to be respected and a star." Most recently Mike and Zara Tindall have been enjoying a loved-up holiday in Australia. Mike posted pictures with his wife on his Instagram, sharing a walk they took in Byron Bay. He wrote: "Great way to start the day! Little walk with the crew." The couple has been enjoying the Aussie sunshine on their holiday and attended the glitzy Magic Millions festival where they mingled with film star Chris Hemsworth.