Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity among the British public has plummeted following their bombshell Netflix documentary series, according to a new poll. Redfield and Wilton surveyed 1,500 adults for The Spectator at the end of November, which showed 45 percent had a "favourable" or "very favourable" view of the Duke of Sussex. This compared to less than a third (29 percent) who said it was "unfavourable" or "very unfavourable". But following the release of the couple's documentary series on Netflix, which saw them make bombshell claims against the Royal Family, their popularity has dramatically slumped. At the beginning of January, only three in 10 (30 percent) said they had a "very favourable" or "favourable" view of Harry compared to 45 per cent who think the opposite. Less than two months ago, more than a third (36 per cent) of the public had a positive view of Meghan Markle versus 38 percent who thought negatively of her. However in a bitter blow, her UK popularity has also gone into reverse since the Netflix documentary series, with those figures plummeting to 23 percent and 52 percent respectively. During one of the earlier episodes in the Netflix documentary series, Meghan joked about having to curtsey to the late Queen after Harry recounted the conversation he had with his wife when he first introduced her to Her Majesty. The couple use large parts of the six-part series detail how they are now able to live a much quieter and happier life with their two young children in California and not be harassed by the British press. In one clip, Harry made reference to "institutional gaslighting" before it cuts to Meghan telling the camera: "I wasn't being thrown to the wolves, I was being fed to the wolves." Meghan opened up about their move to the US and says: "Our security was being pulled. Everyone in the world knew where we were." Harry added: "I said, 'We need to get out of here'." READ MORE: Charlotte 'burst into tears' over bridesmaid row with Kate and Meghan The sixth and final episode sees the Duke on board their private jet at 6am on March 14, 2020 and saying: “We are on the freedom flight. We are leaving Canada and we are headed to Los Angeles." During the documentary series, Harry alleged Kensington Palace "lied to protect" Prince William when it issued a joint statement in both their names the same day which he claims was without his permission, denying a story his brother had bullied him out of the Royal Family. Harry also claimed his brother left him terrified when he screamed and shouted at him, while the Duke also accused his father King Charles III of saying untrue things when the Queen gathered them together at Sandringham in January 2020 to solve the 'Megxit' crisis. The Duke of Sussex also accused his father King Charles III of "saying things that just simply weren't true" while claiming his plan to partially exit royal duties was rejected. DON'T MISSPrince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed [REPORT]William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' [LATEST]Prince Harry says he had frostbitten penis at Wills and Kate's wedding [COMMENTS]   Last month, Meghan was accused of "projecting disdain" for the UK and "openly mocking" British people during her bombshell Netflix documentary series. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, told Express.co.uk: "When Meghan talks about their security being pulled and being fed to the wolves, what we are seeing is the projection of victimhood by her. "This whole idea that she is a victim of mistreatment by the Royal Family, but also she is a victim of treatment by the British people. "She has a clear vendetta against the British media, but she is also projecting disdain for Britain. Some of the clips are hugely insulting, not only to the British monarchy, but also to the British people. "This idea of fleeing oppression in Britain is completely laughable. She is portraying this as some sort of 'freedom flight' and this is a clear and open mocking of Great Britain and the British people."  But the bombshell claims against the Royal Family have continued in Harry's book, Spare, which was leaked early when it was mistakenly released in Spain on Thursday. One bombshell extract see Harry reportedly claim he was physically assaulted by his brother William in a heated argument over his marriage to Meghan Markle. It is alleged the Prince of Wales grabbed Harry and ripping his necklace before knocking him to the floor. The Duke of Sussex also claims "Willy" called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry has filmed three television interviews in the lead up to his book's release: ne with ITV's Tom Bradby, which will air on Sunday at 9pm; one with CBS News's Anderson Cooper, which is out on Sunday evening in the US; and a Good Morning America interview due to be broadcast on Monday morning. 