Legendary NFL quarterback Tom Brady has played down reports linking him with a move to either the Miami Dolphins or Las Vegas Raiders ahead of the offseason. Brady is gearing up to lead the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the playoffs after they won the NFC South. Brady’s 8-9 Buccaneers are remarkably preparing for a postseason run after they clinched the hapless division title, but questions have lingered over the quarterbacks future. The seven-time Super Bowl champion is preparing to enter free agency for just the second time in his illustrious career with his Bucs contract set to expire after the season. Speculation has been rife regarding what Brady could do in 2023, with retirement mooted along with finding a new team. The 45-year-old has been linked with a sensational return to the New England Patriots, the franchise where he won six Super Bowls, as well as move to the Raiders. Brady’s links to the Raiders are not unfounded as his long-time offensive coordinator with the Pats, Josh McDaniels, is the head coach in Las Vegas. However, the Dolphins - Brady’s long-time rivals in the AFC East - could enter the fray with the franchise set to rekindle their interest in the veteran amid complications surrounding their quarterback Tua Tagovailoa. READ MORE: Carr posts heartbreaking goodbye to Raiders as Brady plan begins Tagovailoa has not played since entering the NFL’s concussion protocol once more after his side fell to a 26-20 defeat to the Green Bay Packers on Christmas Day. The news that Tagovailoa had entered concussion protocol rang alarm bells as he was hospitalised in September due to a second head injury in successive games. With uncertainty surrounding Tagovailoa’s future, the Dolphins could move for Brady. When asked about potential suitors in his press conference, Brady said: “I don’t know. You guys have to write something new everyday so just trying to show up and do my job.” Last year, the Dolphins were ready to sensationally drop Tagovailoa and bring in Brady along with coach Sean Payton. It fell apart as Miami were found to have violated tampering regulations, costing the team a first round pick as well as a $1.5 million fine. DON'T MISSNFL star Damar Hamlin released from hospital and 'heading home'NFL legend JJ Watt breaks down after emotional retirement videoPatriots owner Robert Kraft set for 'hard call' over Bill Belichick The league conclusively found the Dolphins had ‘impermisssable communications’ with Brady between 2019 and 2021, while he played for both the Patriots and the Buccaneers. According to ProFootballTalk’s Mike Florio, Brady to Miami is still ‘definitely on the table’. It’s unclear whether the Dolphins would keep Tagovailoa or move on from him as he enters the final year of his rookie contract. He could be traded amid availability concerns or even remain on the roster as Brady’s backup, should he join. For now, Brady will look to go on a postseason run as the NFL GOAT eyes an eighth championship ring. The Buccaneers welcome the Dallas Cowboys to Raymond James stadium on Monday night.