Chelsea boss Graham Potter has warned Manchester City that Raheem Sterling could reach another level on Thursday. Potter admits the England international is yet to hit his top form since switching the Etihad for Stamford Bridge last summer. Sterling scored 131 goals in 339 appearances for City between 2015 and 2022. He saw it as the right time to move back to London, the city where he grew up. But he has just six goals and three assists in 21 outings for Chelsea so far. Sterling came off the bench in the second half of the Carabao Cup defeat to City in November. However, it will be his first league appearance against his old side on Thursday. Potter is adamant there is more to come from the 28-year-old, who has scored just three times in his last 13 club appearances. READ MORE: Chelsea need two things to happen to hijack Mudryk Arsenal move  Potter said: "I think it has been a challenge for him. It has been a challenging period for everybody. "There is a lot of change and a lot of things have happened. In that regard it is never easy to completely settle and hit the ground running. "There is more to come from Raheem I am sure. But he gives his best every day and we need to help him get to the level we know he can get to." Chelsea head into the clash with City sitting 10th in the table. They have scored just 20 goals in 16 matches and have won just one of their last seven in the top flight. DON'T MISSLiverpool suffer Vn Dijk hammer blow as injury 'worst than feared'Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signingTottenham missed trick with £35m Newcastle signing after Arsenal showing  Potter says he has been through difficult moments before in his managerial career and they have made him who he is today. He added: "We see Manchester City as a chance to play against a team who are one of the best in the world. "It will be complicated and tough but you need these ones. As much as we want to win and it is not acceptable to lose, part of the game is dropping points. "It is not succeeding and you have to suffer and try to get better. When I think back to how I have got to this point, a lot of the things that have got me to this point are the setbacks and moments of struggle. "It is not like the people who are criticising you are 100 per cent wrong, you get that. But people in the game who have played against my teams and know the work I have done, there is a general level of respect."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here