Punk guitarist Tom Verlaine's death at the age of 73 was announced by the daughter of his ex Patti Smith, 76. Jesse Paris Smith paid tribute to the musician on her Instagram on Saturday.  She emotionally wrote: "Dearest Tom. The love is immense and forever. My heart is too intensely full to share everything now, and finding the words is too deep of a struggle. "The feeling is inside is so heavy, though your spirit is light and lifted, it is everywhere, completely and truly free. "I love you always and forever, and will always remember and hold close the touch of your hand - hands of a beautiful creator and of a love more warm, tender, delicate, and true that one can ever dream. "There has never been another like you and there never will be. What a blessing and gift I was given to share my time on earth with you. READ MORE... Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 "I will be grateful to the end of my life, and we will see you again beyond that, meeting you there wherever you’ve gone. Thank you leading the way." Jesse's mother Patti Smith, who is an American singer, songwriter, poet, painter, and author, had been involved in a romance with Tom in the past. Both Patti and Tom were hugely influential as part of the New York punk rock movement. Their relationship reportedly was sparked after meeting on the punk scene in the city. The artists also collaborated on severeal projects together during their romance. Despite not being together romantically at the time, Patti sent a sweet birthday message to Tom on her Instagram page last month. She wrote: "There is none like Tom, synthesizing Coltranesque improvisation, surf music and Sufi like mysticism, to form his unique style, highlighted by masterful use of the tremolo bar on his Fender Jazz. Master." Tom took on the stage name of Verlaine after being born Tom Miller in Denville, New Jersey on December 13 1949. DON'T MISS:Strictly 2022 stars reignite romance rumours after cosy bar visitEmmerdale’s Charley Webb in warning after dreading medical appointmentGemma Atkinson on claims baby is ‘not Gorka's' amid marriage rumours Tom's stage name was inspired by French symbolist poet Paul Verlaine. He provided lead vocals and was the guitarist for the New York City-based punk band Television from 1973 to 2023. Outside of his work with the band, Tom also released eight solo albums between 1979 and 1992. Tom's solo albums inspired David Bowie to cover one of his songs, Kingdom Come, on his Scary Monsters album. As a band, Television found more success in Britain than in the US. They achieved three UK Top 40 hit singles and received acclaim for their albums Marquee Moon and Adventure. Many musicians and fans paid tribute to Tom following the sad news of his death. Mike Scott of The Waterboys, tweeted: "Tom Verlaine has passed over to the beyond that his guitar playing always hinted at. "He was the best rock and roll guitarist of all time, and like Hendrix could dance from the spheres of the cosmos to garage rock. That takes a special greatness." 