Andy Murray made a joke about Matteo Berrettini's "bad" backhand on the Italian's match point as the Brit managed to scrape through the five-set thriller in four hours and 49 minutes 6-3 6-3 4-6 6-7(7) 7-6(6). It was the 35-year-old's best victory by ranking in six years as he upset the world No 14 and saved a match point en route. Murray came through a monumental battle to earn his best Grand Slam win by ranking since the 2017 French Open. The world No 66 looked to be cruising to a victory over the 13th seed when he led by two sets but suddenly found himself embroiled in a five set battle for almost five hours, saving a match point during the final set before taking it in the decisive first-to-ten-point tiebreak. “I will be feeling this this evening and tomorrow. But right now I am just unbelievably happy and proud of myself," the five-time finalist at Melbourne Park told the crowd after the match. "I have put in a lot of work into the last few months with my team who are here to give me the opportunity to come out and compete in arenas like this and against opponents like Matteo and it paid off tonight." The former world No 1 also played one of the ten-point match tiebreaks for the first time in his career at the final set of a Grand Slam, and admitted he got lucky on his own match point after winning the four-hour-and-49-minute clash on a net cord. "That’s the first time I’ve ever played one of those ten point tiebreaks and it’s a bit different when you're up 6-1 or 7-1 or whatever, it feels like you’re still quote far away and he came back strong and I was quite lucky at the end with the net cord." JUST IN: Coco Gauff took up boxing and trained with Tyson before Raducanu clash  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.