Liam Smith has apologised for his 'homophobic comments' after his ugly exchange with Chris Eubank Jr at Thursday's press conference. Smith came under fire for homophobic comments directed at Eubank Jr prior to the fight which led the British Boxing Board of Control to investigate the incident. Speaking during the post-fight presser, Smith said: "I apologise to anyone offended by what I said. I'm not homophobic in any way, shape or form, I'm far from it. That's not me as a man. If anyone's offended and I've come across that way, I apologise." Smith's apology comes after his controversial back-and-forth with Eubank Jr earlier this week. "You go on about girls, has anybody in this room ever seen you with a girl? You got something to tell us? You are 33 and you said on the programme you want kids," Smith shouted. "This is for no laughs I am just asking, do you want to tell us something? You are putting up pictures with Neymar in limousines. No one in this room has seen you with a woman. If you are happy just tell us; it isn't a dig. You have to have a woman to have a kid." In response, Eubank Jr fired back: "Listen, my private life is my private life. That is irrelevant to the boxing but I am happy and comfortable. What would you like to know Liam? If you want to get personal, talking about being gay? I've been told you cheat on your wife. I'd rather be gay than a cheat. If you would like to ask me a question just slide into my DMs." Smith went on to stop Eubank Jr in the fourth round to settle their domestic grudge match. Once the dust had settled both men showed immense respect to each other and embraced in the centre of the ring after the fight's conclusion. MORE BOXING NEWS... Smith coach praised for last-ditch intervention after Eubank Jr fight Eubank Jr tried to punch Smith after fourth-round loss confirmed Eubank Jr breaks silence after Smith KO loss with classy message Eubank Jr was also keen to put the pre-fight exchange behind him as he apologised for bringing Smith's family into the argument. "Listen, big congratulations to him," he said. "I felt like I could have gone on but he caught me with a great shot. The build-up was the build-up, it got a bit ugly in the end, I regretted that and I respect you and I respect your family. "I will return. If the fans want a rematch we can get it on at Anfield but big respect man, I appreciate it." The Brighton boxer is now expected to exercise the rematch clause in his contract with Smith.