On Thursday, leaked extracts from the Duke of Sussex's memoir, Spare, made headlines. In the book, he described being "physically attacked" by his brother, Prince William, in 2019. On Friday, another trailer from an upcoming televised interview was released, and Good Morning Britain hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway led discussions on the controversial claims made. However, as the debates continued, many tuned into ITV complained the royal coverage was too much and pleaded with the programme to "make it stop". Discussing the future of the royals and Prince Harry with royal editor Jack Royston, Ben remarked: "Crucially, the Coronation is coming up in just a few months' time. "He doesn't commit to whether he will be at the Coronation in the interview with Tom Bradby. What's your expectation? What do you think?" "It's obviously not completely up to him whether he's at the Coronation," Jack replied. He continued: "He can't turn up as a king of bystander or kind of stand in the Mall with everybody else. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage "So he's got to have an invite. Obviously, William is going to be furious about everything Harry's put in this book. "I actually have some sympathy for Harry in relation to that relationship, but William will be furious, and I cannot see William wanting Harry at the Coronation after everything." "But does William have the power to say to his dad, 'I don't want Harry there?'" Ben asked. Jack responded: "I think it's a decision that will be made jointly after discussion. I mean, Charles obviously is the King and the Prince of Wales does not trump the King. "But William is Charles' son, Charles and Camilla are both mentioned as well. "I think this will be discussed by the three of them together and probably Kate as well, but William's voice does count within that conversation. "Whether there's a way back for Harry and Meghan, it would have to be a long road because public opinion swings slowly. "One thing we've seen is that every time they go for the royals, every time they take a swing at them, it damages their reputation in Britain. DON'T MISS... EastEnders heartbreak as Lola Pearce gives update [SPOILER]Lorraine Kelly insists 'enough now' after Prince Harry's memoir leaks [VIDEO]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [LATEST] "However, one positive thing about the memoir is that Harry is really putting detail to his allegations now. That has been one of the problems in the past, hasn't it? "That he's told half stories, and names have been removed, no quotes from the person who did this terrible thing. So now we are getting the full detail." The conversations sparked a reaction online, with many asking for other stories to be focused on. Twitter user @shiv3000x wrote: "Ffs enough now I can’t deal with Harry anymore this feels like torture now make it stop #GMB." @patchdennizen penned: "#GMB Trivial stories usurps important news." @ScullyScully73 fumed: "Harrys Wants a reconciliation..!!! what #HarryWants Harry Gets?? Every Day @GMB you are shoving this over-privileged boy who is doing NOTHING but Slate the royals as a whole." (sic) "Please stop talking about Harry and Megan.  Bored to tears here #GMB," @yogica12 shared. joanne_l_t added: "Media needs to stop talking about brat Harry… just ignore him, like he wanted and will eventually just go away, it’s becoming a joke now! #GMB." (sic) @MancTotter posted: "Interesting strategy for press and media to talk about terminal decline of the Royal Family so they don’t talk about the terminal decline of the Tory Party." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 