Rishi Sunak's “short-sighted” and “stupid” economic policies are keeping Britain is a state of "Covid inertia", one of the country's most prominent businessmen has argued. Writing in The Daily Telegraph, billionaire entrepreneur Sir James Dyson argued that "growth has become a dirty word" during Mr Sunak's tenure in Downing Street.  Sir James criticised the increasing tax on companies, claiming that the Conservatives believe “penalising the private sector is a free win at the ballot box”. The billionaire also argued that the failure of ministers to get workers back to the office following the ending of Covid restrictions has “badly damaged the country’s self-belief and work ethic”. Sir James added that "not too late for Britain to shake off its Covid inertia" but that ministers seem "intent on moving in the opposite direction" with regulations that stunt business growth. It comes as battle lines are starting to be drawn among Tory MPs ahead of the budget on March 15. READ MORE: Sunak tears Starmer over Brexit in rebuke of free movement pledge  Treasury insiders have said that no major tax cuts are due to be announced as Mr Sunak's priority continues to be on halving inflation this year. The Prime Minister is under pressure, however, to reduce the tax burden on individuals and businesses amid more positive signs that the UK could avoid the recession predicted by the Bank of England last year. In November, the economy grew faster in November while official data showed that price rises slowed for the second successive month failing from 10.7 in November to 10.5 percent in December. However, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland this week there were others critical of the British Government's economic policies which reflected the concerns raised by Sir James. Tony Danker, director-general of the Confederation of British Industry, said that global investors were reluctant to invest in the UK because ministers had no coherent economic plan. He said: "Money is leaving the UK. Investors are freezing up and the heart of the problem is that we don’t have a strategy." Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is attempting to reach Mr Sunak's target of halving inflation in 2023 on the basis that cutting inflation will help with economic growth. However, dissent has already started amongst Tory backbenchers and in Parliament on Wednesday evening two dozen supporters of former Prime Minister Liz Truss formed a group that has been dubbed the "Conservative Growth Group."  DON'T MISS: Sunak 'doubles down' on plans for a bonfire of EU laws [REVEAL] Trade union claims they ‘haven’t heard back’ from Rishi Sunak [INSIGHT] Labour in-fighting erupts as MPs 'heckle and sneer' at each other  [SPOTLIGHT]  Ms Truss attended herself and the group met in the office of former communities secretary Simon Clarke. Despite the dramatic implosion of Ms Truss's premiership following the unraveling of her Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng's minibudget, the group appear determine to defend the former Prime Minister's tax cutting principles. Speaking to The Daily Telegraph, one former senior minister who attended the event said it was "a conversation about the importance of growth". 