Mason Mount has been left out of Chelsea's matchday squad for their match against Manchester City after picking up an injury in the latest blow to Graham Potter. The England international has been an ever-present in Chelsea's squad this season with only Thiago Silva playing more minutes than him.  Mount has also proven to be central to Chelsea's attacking play as he's played his part in nine goals in all competitions. Most of those have come as assists with Mount acting as the main playmaker in Potter's side. Raheem Sterling has the second-highest amount of assists this season with just three. But Chelsea will have to find a way to cope without Mount this evening against the reigning Premier League champions. According to The Athletic, Mount has picked up an injury and it's 'unclear' how severe the knock is. It's claimed that Chelsea are hopeful the injury is 'relatively minor', but he now faces a race against time to be fit for the club's next few fixtures. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Chelsea face off against City for a second time in just a few days this weekend in the third round of the FA Cup. They then return to Premier League action in a week against Fulham before hosting Crystal Palace just a few days later. Mount grows a worrying injury list at Stamford Bridge with Reece James, Ben Chilwell, Armando Broja, N'Golo Kante, Wesley Fofana and Edouard Mendy all unavailable at the moment. Hakim Ziyech takes Mount's place in the starting line-up against City while Mateo Kovacic comes in for Jorginho in the two changes from Chelsea's draw with Nottingham Forest. Chelsea have already moved in the January transfer window to try and help with the mini injury crisis. Benoit Badiashile has completed his move from Monaco and the defender could be availabel in time to make his debut against City in the FA Cup. The central defender put pen to paper on a seven-and-a-half-year contract, keeping him at Stamford Bridge until the next decade. He's Chelsea's second signing of the January window following David Datro Fofana's move from Molde. But the striker could reportedly be loaned out at some point this month with Chelsea also looking for more experienced attackers. 