Manchester United are running the risk of missing out on Joao Felix as they're reportedly hoping to save a small fortune by waiting until the end of January to make their move. The Red Devils are still scouring the market to sign a striker this month, although finances are tight and the loan market may be the only viable way for them to do so. Felix fits the bill for what United need and can afford right now, but there's still big costs involved in the potential loan deal. Atletico are supposedly expecting an upfront fee of around £10million while they also want all of Felix's wages covered during the loan spell. United aren't alone in showing an interest for the Portugal international with both Chelsea and Arsenal also being linked. Felix was left out of Atletico's matchday squad for their Copa del Rey match against Oviedo on Wednesday night, sparking further rumours about his potentially impending exit. But the January transfer deadline is already fast approaching with just a few weeks for teams to get their business done. Most managers ideally want to make their signings early in the window for an easy transition into the squad.  That's not always possible with negotiations often dragging on, as United found a few years ago with Sporting Lisbon for Bruno Fernandes. United ran the risk back then of another team swooping in to sign Fernandes, but ultimately got their man. And the Premier League side may once again hold out until the end of the window to try and sign Felix, according to transfer expert Ben Jacobs. It is claimed that 'none of the suitors' see any value in the current deal put on the table by Atletico.  The Spanish side's huge loan fee and Felix's wages are said to be the main sticking point with Atletico currently refusing to budge on their demands. But it's suggested their stance will weaken towards the end of the month with United also hoping the overall cost will be significantly cheaper. It's pointed out that by signing Felix at the end of the month, as opposed to January 1st, United will essentially save themselves around £400,000 from his weekly wages. And they could save even more if Atletico end up dropping their initial asking price for the loan fee. But United, like other teams, will run the risk of someone coming in and meeting Atletico's demands before that.