Chelsea have continued to press on with their January transfer business after gazumping Arsenal to a move to 22-year-old winger Mykhaylo Mudryk for £88m on Saturday evening, as they have attempted to loan West Ham striker Michail Antonio for the remainder of the season. The Blues are without several key forwards in a vital part of the season, as January signing Joao Felix is suspended for the visit of Crystal Palace on Sunday, adding to boss Graham Potter's growing list of concerns at Stamford Bridge. The Observer claims that Potter's side enquired about a cheap loan for the 32-year-old, though their offer was quickly rebuffed by the Hammers who would only entertain a permanent sale for Antonio. Antonio has fallen down the pecking order under David Moyes this season following the summer acquisition of Gianluca Scamacca and he has also attracted interest from Wolves over a January move, as Julen Lopetegui's side have lacked firepower in the first half of the season. The Jamaican international has been first choice under Moyes in the Hammers' recent successful seasons, but has made only eight starts so far this campaign and found the back of the net just twice in the Premier League. After adding Mudryk to their forward options, Chelsea are still without several key men up front which led to the Antonio enquiry. The Blues brought Felix to Stamford Bridge on a temporary basis after paying Atletico Madrid a £9m loan fee and covered the entierty of his hefty salary, but the Portuguese star's red card on his debut in the 2-1 defeat to Fulham has left him suspended for Chelsea's next three games. While Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic were both forced off in the 1-0 Premier League defeat to Manchester City with injuries and face spells on the sidelines. The England man should only miss a few weeks, but Pulisic could be out of action for several months. While summer signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been unable to make the required impact under Potter, as he was substituted both on and off the pitch against Pep Guardiola's outfit and then was not asked to come off the bench against Fulham, despite the Blues chasing an equaliser. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'put on UEFA watchlist' as they sign Mudryk for £88m feeArsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medicalChelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to move  Aubameyang will likely be named as a substitute once again as Crystal Palace visit on Sunday, following Potter's praise for Kai Havertz as the lone forward against Fulham. The boss, however, has few options either side of the German as Mason Mount, Carney Chukwuemeka, David Datro Fofana and Hakim Ziyech were the only forwards in the squad at Craven Cottage. Mudryk has not been registered in time to face Patrick Vieira's side, though Chelsea will be hopeful that he can make an appearance at Anfield when the Blues travel to Liverpool on Saturday. 