A rogue tissue tucked into a pocket, stuffed in a coat or jacket or balled up in a hoodie is enough to wreak havoc in the washing machine. The tissue will likely cause what looks like a mini snowstorm in the washing machine with tissue sticking to every single item of laundry in the machine. Some people will put their clothes in the tumble dryer in order to remove the tissue particles. This does work as the tissue particles end up being sucked into the tumble dryer filter. However, for those without tumble dryers, or if you simply can no longer afford to use your dryer, this isn’t a helpful solution. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, has suggested using aspirin to banish tissue residue from washed items of clothing. He said: “After giving the affected items a little shake outside to gently dust some of the tissue off, dissolve four aspirin tablets in a bucket of hot water, and place the affected garment to it. READ MORE: Home where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years “Leave the concoction for two hours before giving the items a quick rinse in the washing machine. To your delight, they ought to be as good as new.” Aspirin can be found in most homes or can be bought from supermarkets or chemists for less than £1. Boots Aspirin 300mg Tablets cost 40p, Lloyds Pharmacy aspirin tablets cost 70p, Tesco Dispersible Aspirin costs 55p. Before trying the aspirin method, ensure you shake off your clothes outside to remove excess tissue debris. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Six ‘quick and easy’ natural remedies to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ [UPDATE]Best washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings [ANALYSIS] Next, fill a bowl or bucket of water with warm water and drop your aspirin tablets in. Perform a small patch test with the solution to check there are no adverse effects on your clothes. This may be necessary with certain materials. Put all your clothes in the water and ensure they are completely submerged. It’s best to group similar colours together so there’s no discolouration in pale items. For example, putting a red jumper in with a white t-shirt could leave your white t-shirt with a slightly pink tinge. READ MORE: Britons should be washing bedding 'at least' once a week Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Leave the clothes in the water for two hours then drain the water bucket or bathtub. You also need to ensure you remove any tissue debris from the washing machine drum otherwise you will end up with another tissue-y mess in your next wash. Remember to remove any tissue from around the door and under the seal too to avoid more tissue on your clothes. Clean the washing machine filter too as it’s likely there’s some tissue stuck in there too. If you don’t clean the filter on a regular basis, it will become blocked up, and this can impact how efficiently the appliance works. You should also check the drain, just in case some tissue is caught up there. Once the clothes have been removed from the bucket, put the clothes in your clean washing machine and start a rinse cycle to remove any remaining tissue debris. If there are still a few flakes of tissue on the clothes, brush them off with a lint roller or sticky tape. Once clean, dry the clothes outside, if possible or in a dryer.