Harry and Meghan's company Archewell have lost another two key members of staff - bringing the total number of workers lost since 2018 to 16. Fara Taylor, who is head of the Archewell Productions marketing team, and internal content head Ben Browning are said to be both leaving their roles at the company. Ms Taylor oversaw the marketing team during the release of Harry's memoir, Spare and the couple's Netflix docuseries. The Telegraph reported that the Duke and Duchess are "hugely grateful" for the pair's support, as well as their "vital look-back projects". The report also said that the couple believed Ms Taylor and Mr Browning "exceeded expectations". Despite not officially launching Archewell until late 2020, the Duke and Duchess have reportedly lost sixteen members of their staff since 2018. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'keeping her head down' after release of Prince Harry's memoir The firm's head of communications told the newspaper that the pair were leaving after having "made their mark within the cultural zeitgeist". Mr Browning, who is an Oscar-nominated producer, plays an "integral" part in the production of the Harry and Meghan Netflix series. The series has been dubbed Netflix's most-streamed documentary series debut. Reports claim that Mr Browning's departure will be followed by a "period of focus on scripted content production". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' after 'enjoying sympathy' from public Ms Taylor's departure comes to light after the Sussexes were planning to "streamline the company’s marketing arm". Following her departure, it has been announced that Ashley Hansen, who is the head of communication at Archewell, will now lead the marketing team. After the departure news, Ms Hansen praised Ms Taylor and Mr Browning for the "creation and execution of many critically and commercially acclaimed projects" and noted that both played "critical roles" in helping the couple tell their stories to the public. DON'T MISS Stripping Meghan and Harry's titles seen as 'aggressive move' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'on same path of destruction' as Edward and Wallis [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'should apologise to world' [VIDEO] Last month, less than 18 months after assuming her role, Mandana Dayani stepped down from her role as Archewell's president and chief operating officer. Like Mandana, Rebecca Sananes, who was head of audio at Archewell, quit after just 18 months. Ms Sananes was hired to produce the Duchess's Spotify podcast Archetypes.