A new year marks a new beginning, and as we head into 2023, it is worth looking to the year ahead. For instance, with the new year, comes a series of new laws that are set to come into force within the UK. These laws will reportedly affect everything from the cost of receiving care to the ability to protest. Here are some of the laws set to change in the following months: At the next election, you won't be able to vote without showing photographic ID at polling stations. It is claimed the plans will tackle fraud, but there were only 34 reports of fraud at the polls in the whole of 2019, reported YorkshireLive earlier this year. A limit on being able to vote abroad is being scrapped as well, while the government also voted to give itself control over the Electoral Commission. A cap of £86,000 is being introduced on social care in old age, starting from autumn 2023. However, the law will force people who have assets worth between £75,000 to £150,000 to pay more. Because houses are worth less in the north than the south, northerners will be forced to give up a bigger slice of their own assets to pay for their old age care. The Police, Crime, Courts and Sentencing Bill will allow police to put more restrictions on 'noisy' marches that could cause 'serious disruption'. Someone who 'resides on land' while causing noise could also be committing an offence. Offshoring asylum claims - such as to Rwanda - and making it a criminal offence to knowingly arrive in the UK 'illegally' are part of a new Nationality and Borders Bill. It allows the UK to treat people differently depending on how they got into the UK, such as by boat. While controversial, the measures are mostly not designed to hit people already living in the UK - but others in the Bill might. The Bill allows the Home Office to deprive a British citizen of their citizenship without prior warning. Owners of unsafe flats will have to pay up to £15,000 to have them fixed under the Building Safety Bill. While the government has drummed up an action plan for cladding, many flat owners have "non-cladding" defects too. These are not covered by many government schemes and there is a legal cap of £10,000, or £15k in London. The House of Lords had tried to introduce a £250 cap per leaseholder, but this was defeated by 22 votes by the government. New restrictions will stop landlords from not only granting new leases but also continuing existing leases of non-domestic properties with an energy rating below E, which come into force from 1 April 2023. Options for landlords are either to make ‘relevant energy efficiency improvements’ to their commercial properties or to register exemptions for them on the PRS Exemption Register. Exempt properties include industrial sites, workshops with low energy demands, and temporary and religious building. The Judicial Review and Courts Bill will, campaigners fear, restrict their ability to persuade courts to rule against the government. The Public Law Project and Liberty spoke out against the plans, as did the Joint Committee on Human Rights. The Income Tax additional rate threshold (ART) will be lowered from £150,000 to £125,140, the income level at which an individual will not have any Personal Allowance, because £1 of the Personal Allowance is withdrawn for every £2 of income above £100,000 from 6 April 2023. More information about changes to legal policies in the UK can be found at gov.uk