  The 2024 presidential bid for the White House seems to have begun among Republican party candidates. Florida’s Governor Ron DeSantis appears to have begun hiring campaign workers but has not officially announced a presidential bid just yet.      The Washington Post has reported that Florida’s Governor Ron DeSantis is now preparing to run in the 2024 presential election. The newspaper has cited two Republicans as sources who said, Mr DeSantis has begun to seek out multiple potential candidates for his presidential campaign in New Hampshire and Iowa. Both states usually have an influence on the presidential race as they traditionally hold their primary election earlier due to being less populated than other states. One of the Republicans also stated that Mr DeSantis has met with advisors to discuss the 2024 election.    The news comes at a time former President Donald Trump has begun campaigning for his presidential run and held events in both New Hampshire and South Carolina. Mr DeSantis is currently speculated to be Mr Trump's biggest challenger. On Saturday, Mr Trump spoke of Mr DeSantis, and took credit for the Governor’s success as he helped elevate him during Mr Santis’ 2018 campaign for Florida. He said: “Ron would have not been governor if it wasn’t for me.” “So when I hear he might run, I consider that very disloyal.” READ MORE: Trump claims 'zero chance' Putin would've invaded Ukraine under him Last month a poll by the Hinckley Institute of Politics showed that Republican voters in Utah, who overwhelmingly supported Mr Tumrp in both his 2016 and 2020 presidential campaigns, are now more likely to vote for Mr DeSantis. A poll released by WPA Intelligence also showed that 60 percent of Republican voters, believed Mr Trump was responsible for the Republican party not doing as well as predicted in the midterm elections, and the same poll showed Mr Trump’s favourability rating was extremely low at -64 percent. It was previously predicted that Donald Trump would be the most influential Republican presidential nomination and would run unopposed but after the November midterm elections, it seems more Republicans will enter the race. Mr Trump has appeared to approve of Nikki Hale’s presential bid, who was previously the US ambassador to the United Nations during his presidency. During the weekend, Mr Trump said to CNN: “I talked to her for a little while, I said, ‘Look, you know, go by your heart if you want to run’… She’s publicly said that ‘I would never run against my president, he was a great president.” However, he added he believed that Ms Haley “should do it”. DON'T MISS:Trump calls for supporters to cough up cash to 'crush' Biden [REVEAL]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [INSIGHT]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [REPORT]   Earlier this week, John Bolton, who is Mr Trump’s former cabinet member and was his national security advisor, confirmed he was considering a 2024 presidential run. Mr Boston also criticised Mr Trump’s presidential campaign, calling it “poison”. He said: “I think Republicans, especially after the November 8 elections last year, see that he’s poison to the ticket. “He cannot be elected president. If he were the Republican nominee, he would doom our chances to get a majority in the Senate and the House. “I don’t think he’s going to be the Republican nominee.”   