A mother-of-two has defended her decision to keep breastfeeding her five-year-old son as "completely normal" despite critics. Lauren McLeod, 29, breastfeeds Bowie, five, two times a week while providing milk "on-demand" for her two-year-old daughter Tigerlily. While she views the practice as perfectly normal, vicious trolls have hurled abuse at the mum. Ms McLeod, a doula, provides professional assistance for expectant and new mothers and believes the children will eventually self-wean themselves off her milk. She said breastfeeding beyond infancy (up to one year old) is "completely normal", but said she "never thought" she'd breastfeed her son until he was five. She told the SWNS news agency she is "like any other mum doing the best I can for my children". The mum added that later breastfeeding is "not weird or sexual" and has vowed to "keep going until they want to stop". READ MORE: Matalan worker stops mum breastfeeding in store But online trolls have lashed out at her nontraditional methods, and Ms McLeod has spoken about the kind of abuse directed her way. In an Instagram post, she said people have called her a “sick nut”, and branded her "disgusting, weird, gross, selfish" and "abusing my children". She clapped back at her critics, stating their "really mean" words come from a "lack of education". Ms McLeod - who breastfeeds in public - said no one has "ever said anything to my face". The mum-of-two added that she believes she is "doing the right thing" for her family and that breastfeeding has helped her bond with her children. Her daughter finds "comfort" in the "on-demand breastfeeding during the day", she said. The act is a "beautiful thing" to Ms McLeod, who said it also helps them "bond and reconnect after a long day". She explained that she has boundaries with her two young children and has partially weaned Bowie. She said she "had to set more boundaries" after Tigerlily was born, which forced her to reduce her eldest's feedings. Having two children meant that she focused most on her youngest, who later required fewer feeds. Her daughter showed signs of becoming "touched-out" - when an infant expresses their desire for less physical intimacy. Bowie now breastfeeds only a few times per week, as, like other five-year-olds, he primarily eats solid foods. Most doctors recommend mothers breastfeed for the first six months of their child's life. But breastfeeding beyond this point is not harmful to children, with benefits extending for years beyond the recommended period. The NHS states that mothers and their children can "carry on enjoying the benefits of breastfeeding for as long as you like". The health service adds that breastfeeding into year two "or beyond" while the child eats other foods is "ideal".