Jake Paul and Tommy Fury are expected to come face to face tonight at the Anthony Yarde vs Artur Beterbiev fight night and Tyson Fury has arrived at ringside, ready to shake on his bet with The Problem Child. The Gypsy King claims that he will force his brother Tommy to retire if he loses to the YouTube star in their upcoming February 26 contest and Paul intends to make that promise official this evening. Taking to Instagram, on Friday to announce the fight, Paul wrote: "After multiple failed attempts to get Tommy Fury in the ring, the moment of truth has finally arrived. Fumbles has no excuses now. Baby is born. Money is massive. Immigration is not an issue. Sunday February 26, Paul vs Fury is live on ESPN+ PPV in the US and BT Sport Box Office in the UK. "Tyson Fury has promised he and Papa John will make Tommy retire from boxing and change his last name forever if he can’t beat the YouTuber. Saturday (tomorrow) I’m coming to London to look at all three Fury’s in the eye and shake on that promise." This comes after Tyson told Boxing Social: “If Tommy can’t splatter Jake Paul, I’ll retire him from boxing myself. If he can’t beat Jake Paul, forget about boxing. Because he’s got ambitions of being a world champion, never mind beating some YouTube guy." Tommy’s dad John, made similar remarks when asked what would happen if his son was to lose against Paul. "There is no more boxing for him if he loses. But, I am 100 per cent confident he will knock him out," he told talkSPORT. “It’s a big ask for Jake Paul, because Tommy is much better than what he’s faced before, so fair do’s to him. It’s a foregone conclusion that Tommy will win. MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson to 'shake' on Paul bet as Tommy breaks silence on grudge fight Paul vs Fury eye-watering PPV price released as fans express disgust Paul vs Fury officially announced with new date and venue “We are not leaving a stone unturned and are training as if this were against a world-class fighter. He’s working really well." Tommy recently confirmed that he is on his way to London to meet Paul, sharing a picture from the back of his taxi, with the caption: “Press conference. MCR-LDN,” accompanied by a microphone emoji. It is presently unclear what Queensbury Promotions’ plans are to promote the show but expect fireworks with John likely to be in the building as well.