Eyebrow styles vary greatly from person to person and even your own can change over time. Adjusting the way you apply makeup to suit a more mature complexion is worth doing to avoid a heavy or cakey finish, but it's not easy to know how to maintain lighter, thinner eyebrows without overdoing them. Pencils, gels and pomades are all popular choices for filling in sparse eyebrow hairs, but according to one makeup artist, all you need is a touch of powder to "transform" your face. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, professional makeup artist Selena (@selenamup) shared a quick tip for those with mature skin, adding that it can make you "feel amazing". She said: "As you age you end up losing brow hairs and probably gaining a few white hairs. Filling in your brows with a brow powder is one of the most transformative things that you can do for your face." Demonstrating the makeup technique on a female with sparse, light brows, she used a small angled brush to apply some light brown powder to the fine hairs. Selena recommended using "little strokes" in an upwards motion to follow the direction of the hairs and enhance their natural shape. READ MORE: Hairdresser's 'it' haircut for 2023 will 'highlight your eyes' After applying the powder product to the model's brows, the makeup artist noted "what a difference" it had made, adding that "it's literally an instant facelift". As part of her "mature makeup 101" series on the popular social media app, Selena shared other tips for people with mature complexions who want to improve their beauty skills. She focused on the eyelid to demonstrate how to apply eyeshadow without enhancing wrinkles around the delicate skin. Selena started by applying a light layer of concealer over the lid before going in with a bronze powder product. She said: "This preps the eye for eyeshadow but it also helps get rid of any veins or discolouration, so I would start adding this into your makeup routine." DON'T MISS:Mum people mistake for 14 shares six techniques to look younger [REVEAL]'Best' nighttime skincare tips for women aged 20-50 [INSIGHT]Beauty expert’s 5-step routine to reverse ‘sagging jawline & jowls’ [EXPERT] When it comes to eyeliner, the TikTok users' professional tip was to "throw out" liquid products and switch to a powder instead. To apply it, she lifted up the corner of her eye and gently swiped the line of the eyelid as close to the lashes as possible, in an outward motion. While you can use any colour for the liner, Selena noted that a chocolate brown shade is best as it won't look too heavy, unlike black liners. For the face, the makeup artist used a CC cream rather than a foundation for a natural finish with enough coverage to conceal signs of rosacea and discolouration. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures She said: "While you're at it with throwing things in the bin, you can also get rid of any foundation packs that you have that are kind of powdered or cream." Selena noted that instead, you should really focus on liquid cosmetics to avoid enhancing fine lines and texture on the skin. She added that this avoids your face "looking cakey". To finish the base complexion, the makeup artist used a "sheer" amount of concealer under the eye. The TikTok user explained that the look was "all about lifting the face", and enhanced the model's face with a dusting of pink blusher. According to Selena, those with mature complexions should "start on the apple of the cheek" and "go up towards the temples" to create a youthful definition. She said: "We are not going back towards the ear. We are lifting the face." The video was a hit with other TikTok users, one of which commented that the model "looked 20 years younger" after the products had been applied. Another wrote: "This is the only makeup look I've seen that doesn't age the person and actually enhances the features."