Manchester United star Eric Bailly has visited Almike Moussa N'Diaye in hospital following his horror challenge in the Coupe de France on Saturday. Bailly, who is currently on loan at Marseille, left N’Diaye with broken ribs and lung and liver pain after striking the player in the chest with his studs in the early stages of the match. Bailly moved to France on a season-long loan after being deemed surplus to requirements at Old Trafford. But the 28-year-old’s Marseille career has failed to ignite and he has appeared in just 12 matches following a string of injury problems. On Saturday, he was handed just his second start since mid-October as Marseille travelled to fourth-tier side Hyeres 83 in the third round of the French Cup. But just 15 minutes into the encounter, Bailly was shown a red card following his reckless challenge. N’Diaye required urgent medical attention and was soon whisked away to hospital for further treatment. And on Monday, Bailly posted a picture of himself standing beside N’Diaye in hospital to his Instagram page. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Despite going down to 10 men, Marseille regrouped to defeat Hyeres 2-0 and progress to the fourth round of the Coupe de France. And they are scheduled to go head-to-head with Rennes in the competition later this month. United shelled out around £30million to prise Bailly away from Villarreal in 2016 as he became Jose Mourinho’s first signing. And the Ivory Coast international helped the Red Devils win the League Cup and the Europa League in his first season at the club. DON'T MISS Man Utd could be about to announce their next No 7 after Ronaldo Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Weghorst updates, Ronaldo help Cristiano Ronaldo still has one over Lionel Messi with Golden Foot win    But Bailly has dropped down the pecking order at Old Trafford in recent seasons and played just seven times for United in the last campaign, despite penning a new contract in April 2021. And after joining Marseille, the ace said: “The club (United) should avoid favouring English players and give everyone a chance. [The club should] encourage competition in the dressing room, not just look out for some. I’ve always had the feeling that the national player was prioritised. “I was Mourinho’s first signing and I also had good moments where titles were won. I played important games and in some I was chosen as the best player. I think when I was given the opportunity I rose to the occasion. I just lacked consistency, because I think I deserved more minutes.” Bailly is set to return to United at the end of the campaign and will have one more year remaining on his Red Devils contract by then. 