Chelsea have been told PSV Eindhoven will sell Noni Madueke in this window if the Blues return with an improved offer. Reports claim the Dutch club are willing to let the player leave despite already selling Cody Gakpo to Liverpool. Chelsea have made five signings in an extremely busy first couple of weeks of the January transfer window. Owner Todd Boehly has taken his spend on incomings to over £400m since last summer. Mykhaylo Mudryk, Joao Felix and David Datro Fofana have all joined to bolster the attacking resources. Defender Benoit Badiashile signed from Monaco and made an impressive debut in the 1-0 win over Crystal Palace, while Brazilian Andrey Santos is seen as one for the future. But Boehly is not prepared to stop there. Brighton's Moises Caicedo is a top midfield target after a deal fell through for Enzo Fernandez earlier this month. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But England under-21 international Madueke is also firmly on the radar. The Mail claimed last week that Chelsea had made an offer of around £26.5million for the attacker. PSV rejected the opening proposal outright. However, it appears they are not that against selling the 20-year-old. Dutch football reporter Marco Timmer says if Chelsea return with an improved offer, PSV would likely accept. He told VI: "If Chelsea add some money, PSV will proceed to sell. (It depends) how deep the pockets of the new owner are." Timmer does not mention how much Chelsea must increase their offer by. But a few more million may well be enough to secure a deal. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaSancho 'gets Man Utd return date' as Ten Hag's title charge handed fresh boostFour options to replace Marsch at Leeds with chiefs 'considering sack'  Madueke had time in the Tottenham academy before joining PSV in 2018. He has 20 goals and 14 assists in 80 senior appearances. PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy admitted last week he was worried over losing Madueke. PSV sold Gakpo to Liverpool at the beginning of the window and losing Madueke would be a blow in a similar area of the pitch. Van Nistelrooy said: "I know there is interest. This is due to its qualities and performance. It’s worrisome. We need to see if we can keep him. I very much hope for that. We must do everything we can to do that. "You also know that things can take off, if the purse is pulled hard. Then you have to be ready with several options, because then you would lose the second player in the winter. But as a coach you would rather keep your best players."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here