Mr Hunt is determined to avoid future bouts of market turmoil and has all but ruled out “significant” tax cuts. But we hope that when the economy allows he will take action to unlock the growth this country sorely needs. The Chancellor understands that Britain’s hard-working and skilled population is the nation’s greatest natural resource. A hidden army of people are not on the dole but not in work; many would seriously consider paid employment again if they had the chance to gain skills and could balance a new position with family responsibilities. If Mr Hunt can create the conditions for a mass return to the workforce then the country’s productivity will soar, incomes will rise, the labour shortage will ease and millions of people will enjoy wealthier and likely healthier lives. He is also correct to argue that prosperity must not be limited to the richest parts of the country. Our economy would be transformed if poorer regions that are blighted by low pay were truly levelled-up. A Britain wired for growth will be a land where all of us have a chance to succeed. Britain is shamed by how many pensioners and older people need handouts to help them through the cost-of-living crisis. Food bank co-ordinators have described how the majority of people using these crucial services are in their later decades. These same men and women may well be struggling to heat their homes and pay for other essentials. The shocking rise in inflation has pushed people into the red and filled their lives with fear. We should be thankful for the heroic volunteers who run food banks – but they need more than gratitude. The Trussell Trust, which supports more than 1,300 food bank centres, says it is at “breaking point” with need outweighing demand for the first time in its 25-year history. All of us can support local food banks in their work to liberate Brits from the fear of hunger. The passing of Sylvia Syms is a milestone for British cinema. Not only did she play the Queen Mother in The Queen, she was acting royalty. Her performance as nurse Sister Diana in 1958’s Desert War drama Ice Cold In Alex has secured her place in film history, and younger audiences will remember her TV role in 2019’s Gentleman Jack. As her children put it, she “lived an amazing life”.