GoDaddy research has shown the cost of living crisis is creating a new generation of entrepreneurs with many turning to side hustles to help make ends meet. When choosing a side hustle is important to choose one that builds on existing skills and a new website, My Baker, could help talented bakers turn their passion into an extra income. One couple told Express.co.uk how they have ditched their jobs and turned their hobby for baking into a full-time career.   The research found when it comes to the top 10 side hustles for Britons, baking came in at number eight, but it might not have crossed everyone's minds to use their skills in the kitchen to make extra money. Hayley Comiskey, 36, and her partner Bradley Harwood, 33, turned their back on working for others and switched a hobby for baking into a full-time career. As a side hustle, people could earn around £5,000 extra a year baking cakes depending on how many hours they have to spare. Hayley and Bradley's business, Comiskey’s Cupcake Creations, is now their full time business with the couple baking up to 45 large cakes per week. READ MORE: Date when Universal Credit claimants will get cost of living boost  Hayley was previously an account manager for a local company selling gas and electricity and Bradley worked 15-hour shifts as a chef - but the couple found it hugely stressful, particularly with young children aged three and five-years-old. During lockdown, Hayley spent three months at home with the children, and started to wonder if she could turn her hobby for cake baking into a full-time job. She told Express.co.uk: “Spending time with the kids during lockdown made me realise I just didn’t want a traditional nine to five job anymore. I chose baking partly thanks to my father-in-law as he loves my lemon drizzle cake and told me it’s better than the shops, so it gave me that confidence boost I needed. "I resigned from my job and my best friend thought I was mad! We were accepted as bakers for My Baker, the online cake delivery service, in 2021 and they were great at offering us business advice. Starting our own business was a big risk but it’s paid off, I really enjoy what I do and now Bradley and I are delivering cakes all over Manchester."  Baking also comes with a dollop of job satisfaction - the couple love helping others and fulfilling some rather random recipe requests such as one for a customer's dog. Hayley added: "We even helped a young couple whose supplier let them down for their wedding with less than two days’ notice and we baked a beautiful cake for them in time.” While Bradley loved his job as a chef, he was fed up with the long hours and is much happier working alonside his wife. He said: “Being a chef was rewarding but very long hours and highly pressured. Now that we have our own business it gives us the flexibility to work around our own schedule with the kids."  Bradley continued: "Hayley and I have a great set up, I bake the cakes and Hayley decorates them. We’ve done all sorts, from a mock-up of an Amazon delivery box to a cake made with entirely dog-friendly ingredients for a pampered pooch’s birthday!” Mark Sinjakli, joint owner of My Baker, said: “We take the leg work out of finding the right baker for the specific needs of the customer, such as dietary restrictions, as we cater for most major dietary requirements. "We carefully vet bakers and only accept those that meet our high standards and that means the customer is always assured of alovely looking and tasting cake. "My Baker is free to join with no monthly fees. And it’s totally flexible, our bakers work with us, not for us: each one is a valued partner, and many have become friends. We’re always on the lookout for talented bakers so do get in touch via the My Bakers website if you’re interested.”   If baking isn't part of one's skillset, there are plenty of other side hustles people could look into. GoDaddy found the top 10 side hustles were: