Emmerdale's David Metcalfe (played by Matthew Wolfenden) was furious in the episode to discover Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) was moving to London with their daughter, Amba (Ava Jayasinghe). After later pretending he had forgiven Priya for keeping the news from him, he ominously drove off with Amba in the car and hinted he wouldn't be allowing the move to happen. However, fans quickly spotted a blunder with the major storyline - David isn't supposed to have a driving licence. David found about about the plans because Leyla Cavanagh (Roxy Shahidi) was venting her frustrations about Priya getting the job she had been after. "Didn't get the job, then?" David asked as Leyla fumed about not leaving. "No, they gave it to Priya," she replied, rolling her eyes. "Thought the job was in London," David responded, to which Leyla said: "Yeah, it is." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' Realising her mistake, she added: "Oh my God, Priya hasn't told you..." "Are you absolutely sure about this?" a worried David asked. "I'm so sorry David, I thought she'd have told you by now," Leyla continued. "I'm losing Amba and I get no say in it?" he raged. "When are they going?" Later, when David's anger seemed to have subsided, Priya went along with their previously arranged childcare plans. David assured her he was "over" his annoyance as Priya waved him and Amba goodbye, not knowing he was in fact planning to kidnap their child. Amba excitedly told her dad that Priya was taking her on "a forever adventure," to which David responded by suggesting they go on an adventure of their own. He drove away suspiciously as the episode ended, leaving Priya oblivious. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan wants final showdown with Meghan and Harry [LATEST]EastEnders' Jay Brown star pays tribute to 'fantastic' Lola actress [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [VIDEO] Viewers hadn't forgotten though that David recently lost his driving licence. David was recently caught speeding and he named Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins) as the driver in an attempt to protect his driving licence, meaning she would receive the points instead of him. However, his deception soon backfired when he received a letter from the police addressed to Victoria which contained all of his lies. Remembering the plot, which took place in late November, fans soon took to social media to point out the lack of continuity in the recent driving storyline. Twitter user @sallyjane90 wrote: "Thought David lost his licence?! Are we meant to have forgotten this already? #Emmerdale." Replying, fan @leahallen77 remarkeD: "Oh aye that’s right, forgot about that one #Emmerdale." "Didn’t he lose his licence?? #Emmerdale," @funkygibbons asked, as @BerniKennedy echoed this, also asking: "Didn’t David lose his licence? #Emmerdale." @Zombiechick1967 made another point, sharing: "David's going to do a runner with the kid, let's remember he never had a penny a few weeks ago, had to sell the business cos he's up to his eyes in debt. Not gonna get far on a fiver! #Emmerdale." Meanwhile, @Jamal06122771 penned: "And like the idiot David is, he's gonna make more problems for himself...you have now lost shared custody bruv. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on ITV.