Manchester City star Jack Grealish is reportedly being targeted by sports manufacturers Puma as they look to build upon their high-quality roster. The England international is set to be offered a record-breaking deal that would surpass any fees earned for a boot deal by a British player previously. Grealish has started to find his feet at the Etihad Stadium recently, having failed to impress in his debut campaign at the club following his £100million move from Aston Villa. The playmaker has scored two and assisted three in 13 Premier League appearances for City so far this season, beginning to look more familiar with Pep Guardiola’s system. The 27-year-old has been vocal about how it has taken him longer than he had hoped to adjust to life at the Premier League title holders, though that period of alteration could be behind him if he continues in this rich vein of form. Despite some jumping to label Grealish as a ‘flop’ due to some sub-par displays, he has retained the faith of his manager through the tough spells and is now reaping the benefits. So much so that according to The Telegraph, the forward is set to be offered a ‘blockbuster boot deal’ by Puma. Grealish has worn Nike boots since he came through the ranks at Villa but is now set to be offered a contract that will see him become one of the faces of their rival. Nike have claimed that they are ‘still in talks’ with the player and are hopeful that he will extend his contract with the company, though they were removed from Grealish’s social media profile recently which has fuelled further speculation. He has also deleted Nike-related posts and has been spotted wearing Puma boots in training. The report goes on to state that Harry Kane and Gareth Bale were previously cited as the highest earners from boot deals, earning approximately £4million-per-season. Puma appear to be focusing on increasing their roster with top players in order to spark business growth. They recently signed Bayern Munich star Kingsley Coman and Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar, with Manchester United and France international Raphael Varane signing deals with the Germany-based manufacturer. It remains to be seen whether Grealish opts to move away from Nike for the first time in his career or be loyal to the company. Given that City are sponsored by Puma, the company may feel that they have an advantage in negotiations – especially if he continues to improve at the club.