ITV is set to air an exclusive interview with Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex, next Sunday in which he will talk in-depth to Tom Bradby about a range of subjects including his personal relationships, never-before-heard details surrounding the death of his mother, Princess Diana, and a look ahead at his future. During the 20-second preview clip, Prince Harry made an emotional plea to King Charles, admitting: "I just want my father back." He told Tom: "It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting, I want a family, not an institution. "They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. "They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile." He added: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back." The 90-minute programme, produced by ITN Productions for ITV, will be broadcast two days before Prince Harry’s autobiography Spare is published on 10 January, by Transworld. The book has been billed by publisher Penguin Random House as “a landmark publication full of insight, revelation, self-examination, and hard-won wisdom about the eternal power of love over grief." Filmed in California, where Harry now lives, Harry: The Interview, sees the Prince go into unprecedented depth and detail on life in and out of the Royal Family. Speaking to Tom Bradby, who he has known for more than 20 years, Prince Harry shares his personal story, in his own words. Speaking about the tell-all interview, Michael Jermey, ITV Director of News and Current Affairs, said: “It is extremely rare for a member of the Royal Family to speak so openly about their experience at the heart of the institution. “Tom Bradby’s interview with Prince Harry will be a programme that everyone with an informed opinion on the monarchy should want to watch." Ian Rumsey, ITN Productions Managing Director and Executive Producer, added: "Harry's version of events contains many elements we've never heard before, as viewers will see. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' newcomer Caleb's an 'undercover cop'  [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist [SPOILERS] "It is a raw and intimate perspective on his relationships with the people closest to him and the moments that have shaped him." The Duke of Sussex is also set to appear in a prime-time US TV interview with Anderson Cooper ahead of his memoir's release. In a trailer for the show, the CBS interview was described as "revealing and explosive". During the 60-second clip, Anderson asked the royal: "One of the criticisms that you've received is that well, okay, fine, you want to move to California and you want to step back from the institutional role, why be so public?  "You say, you tried to do this privately." Prince Harry claimed: "And every single time I've tried to do privately, there have been briefings and meetings and planting of stories against me and my wife. "You know, the family motto is, 'Never complain, never explain'. It's just a motto." "There's a lot of complaining and a lot of explaining," the presenter pointed out. Harry: The Interview will air on ITV1 and ITVX at 9pm on January 8.