Tottenham have been told that they will not need to persuade Brentford goalkeeper David Raya to join them at the end of the season as he would be keen to make the move. The north London outfit are currently assessing their options to replace Hugo Lloris, who is coming to the end of his time at the club. The France international has let his standards slip with Spurs over the past few seasons, with finding a long-term successor for the 36-year-old quickly becoming a priority. The 36-year-old’s contract with Tottenham expires at the end of next season and Brentford star Raya is among those being considered. According to talkSPORT journalist Alex Crook, the Spain international would jump at the chance to make the move to work under Antonio Conte and join Spurs. He told Give Me Sport: “With the greatest respect in the world to Brentford, I’m sure if he could make the step up to Spurs he’d grab it with both gloves. “Again, I think probably one to keep an eye on in the summer, as opposed to now.” Spurs are willing to persist with Lloris until the end of the season and feel that the summer is a better chance for them to bolster their ranks. The former Lyon star was at fault for Arsenal’s opening goal in his side’s 2-0 loss to Arsenal in the north London derby on Sunday afternoon, palming the ball into his own net after Bukayo Saka broke free down the right and attempted to deliver a cross. Speaking about the error to talkSPORT, former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara said: “Lloris is a shadow of the player that he was. He just gives away so many goals. What is he doing? He just costs us so many games. “I just don’t know what he’s thinking, I don’t know what he’s seeing. Obviously, he’s hit the ball at him and it’s a reaction. But a goalkeeper’s reaction always is to keep the ball out of the net. He just makes so many mistakes. Honestly, it was comical.” Raya is one of several goalkeepers that have been linked with Tottenham over the past few weeks, with Everton shot-stopper Jordan Pickford also a consideration after he refused to extend his stay at Goodison Park. Brighton goalkeeper Robert Sanchez has also been linked with the potential vacancy, though Tottenham appear to be prioritising signing Leandro Trossard from the south coast side rather than the 25-year-old.