February is shaping up to be another strong month for PlayStation Plus free games. The February 2023 free PS4 and PS5 games will be officially revealed on February 1 at 4.30pm GMT UK time. The PlayStation Plus freebies will be available to download less than a week later, on the morning of February 7. However, if the latest reports are to be believed, the Essential monthly games may have leaked early. According to the leak, OlliOlli World will headline the February line-up, alongside Mafia Definitive Edition and The Evil Dead Video Game. In addition to the free PS4 and PS5 games, Destiny 2's Beyond Light expansion will also join the line-up for free. Beyond Light introduces players to Jupiter’s frozen moon of Europa. That's on top of the Stasis power and the Deep Stone Crypt raid. "A new power is born out of the ancient Pyramid Ship above Europa's frozen frontier and a dark empire has risen beneath," reads the Beyond Light description. "In Destiny 2: Beyond Light, join your fellow Guardians and bring down the empire at any cost – even if it means wielding the Darkness itself." OlliOlli World, on the other hand, is the third entry in the 2D skateboarding series. The game features a much larger world to explore, and a deeper story. "OlliOlli World is a bold new skateboarding action-platformer that’s bursting with personality. Flip and flow through the vivid and vibrant world of Radlandia, meeting colourful characters as you grind, trick, and air your way to discover the mystical skate gods on your quest for Gnarvana." Mafia Definitive Edition is an open-world crime sim set in the 1930s. It features new and improved visuals, an expanded story and new musical score. Finally, The Evil Dead Video Game is a multiplayer action game, featuring co-op and player-vs-player elements. Players must work together to find key items on order to seal the breach between the world of the living and the dead. As a reminder, the free games replace the January line-up of Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order, Fallout 76, and Axiom Verge 2.