Who did Meghan Markle have a special relationship with in the Royal Family, and who was she keen to get closer to? Body language expert Judi James made her claims to Express.co.uk. Having analysed the Duchess' body language with the Royal Family "pre-fractures and rifts", Judi observed four important friendships. She previously told Express.co.uk: "Camilla has often been seen looking very friendly with Meghan in public and the relationship did seem to start well, with some prolonged hand-holding during a greeting at Ascot to suggest genuine warmth. "And closer analysis of Meghan’s super-friendly body language when she was in group poses with Camilla hints at what might potentially have been the real closest and warmest relationship of the lot." However, despite this apparent friendship, Judi guessed that the relationship has since been ruptured. READ MORE: William has new 'wingman' after Harry 'incinerated' relationship  She explained: "It’s unlikely that the super-loyal Camilla would have had much sympathy or empathy for Meghan once she felt her husband to be under attack with the criticism from Harry and Meghan though." According to the expert, Meghan and Charles had the potential to form a very strong dynamic. "Charles and Meghan could possibly have forged a very deep relationship, according to their body language rituals. "In a group setting Meghan tended to single her father-in-law out with her eyes and her facial expression seemed to light up when he spoke to her. "She would be seen dipping her head slightly to suggest both respect and a desire for some deeper conversations than just the level of small talk and it is possible that the pair might have found a lot of common ground in their passionate approaches to global problems." Judi pointed out that Charles assumed a fatherly role at Meghan and Harry's wedding in 2018, particularly when he walked her down the aisle. When the Royal Family celebrated Charles' birthday later that year with some official photos, Meghan's love of her father-in-law was also apparent. Judi stated: "We can see Meghan leaning forward as though keen to communicate with the group on the bench where Charles is sitting and her eyes pick out the moment that baby Louis leans forward to grab Charles’s face." READ MORE: 'Toe-curling' moment for royals caught on camera - video  On another occasion where the family were observed on the balcony, "Meghan appeared to lift her hand to her face as Charles turns to chat to Harry and she looked keen to seek his attention with this gesture". The Duchess also sought out the friendship of the Princess Royal pre-feud, according to the expert. Judi claimed that Meghan "looked very attentive and equally keen to promote some relationship bonds with Princess Anne, using similar eye-engage rituals and even the shared joke signals". "Anne’s eye-gaze tended to be slightly more distant though, although Anne does tend to keep a more formal demeanour during public events." Finally, Judi suggested that Meghan was keen to form a close, familial relationship with Queen Elizabeth II. She stated: "The late Queen did leave a greater legacy in terms of some more heart-warming body language poses with Meghan. "Meghan was clearly very keen to define an almost grandmother-granddaughter relationship, sitting next to her on their small trip together looking attentive and affectionate. "Both women were photographed laughing together and Meghan’s eye-attention, her eye-wrinkled smiles and her trait of giggling behind her hand suggested a collusive and even secret-sharing relationship."