William Saliba has turned down Arsenal's most-recent offer of a contract extension, according to reports. The two parties are described as being 'significantly' apart when it comes to the player's demands and the club's proposal. Saliba has been one of the players of the season in the Premier League so far. It is his first full campaign in English football after spending the previous three seasons on loan in France. He has established a strong partnership at the back with Gabriel Magalhaes at the Emirates. Saliba is also a regular in the France national team squad and was at the World Cup in Qatar. His current contract expires at the end of next season after Arsenal triggered a one-year option in December. However, the Gunners are desperate to tie down his future long term. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  ESPN reports that Arsenal will step up talks with Saliba's agent next week in an attempt to secure a long-term deal. The latest offer the Premier League leaders made has been rejected by the 21-year-old and his representatives. The report says sides want an extension to happen but there is currently a 'significant difference' between what Saliba wants and what Arsenal are offering. There is still a confidence on Arsenal's side that a deal will be struck with the defender. Saliba has stated in several interviews this season that he is happy where he is and wants to extend his deal. Speaking after Sunday's north London derby win over Tottenham, he said: "I am so happy here. "The club is speaking with my agent and me, the only thing I can do is [focus on my football]. I am so happy here." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failureSancho 'gets Man Utd return date' as Ten Hag's title charge handed fresh boost  Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta reiterated at the end of December that Saliba is happy at the club and that talks were ongoing over a new deal. He said: "That’s more to Edu and the board to be discussing with him. "What I know is that the player is really happy, the player wants to be here and that’s the main thing. We have a few of those that we are willing to extend the contract. "Willy is one of them. I think he’s shown in the months that he’s been with us the quality and the personality he has to play at the level that we want. We are trying to do that because we know he can be a really important part of our plans." Arsenal are also in talks over new deals for Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli. Both of their contracts also expire in 2024. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  