Jack Draper gave Rafa Nadal a scare before going down in four gruelling sets in the heat of the day at the Australian Open. The British No.3 played a superb second set and broke Nadal twice to draw the match level. But after getting on-court treatment at the end of the second set, Draper went down 7-5 2-6 6-4 6-1 to the top seed and defending champion in the Rod Laver Arena. Nadal was not at his best in an error-strewn performance after admitting he had been vulnerable coming in after losing six of his last seven matches. The Spanish superstar said: “It is great to be back. If we put in perspective of all the situations I have through in the last six months, it is a very positive start against one of the most difficult opponents I could have faced in the first round. He is young and I think he has a great future ahead of him. I think we are going to see a lot more of him. Hopefully this victory will help me.” But Draper, 20, has more work to do with his new fitness coach Dejan Vojnovic to properly compete at the top level.  Draper had matched the 22-time Grand Slam winner for most of a first set most memorable for a ballboy taking the wrong racquet to be restrung at the changeover at 4-3. "I need the racquet back!” Nadal said. “It is not this one!” The first 11 games went with serve but at 5-6 30-40, Draper attempted an ill-advised drop shot which Nadal whipped cross court for a winner after 54 minutes. Draper responded superbly by breaking the Nadal serve twice to draw the match level at one-set all.   But clearly struggling in the heat, Nadal took advantage by going 4-1 up in the third set before Draper fought back to 4-4. The world No.40 saved one set point with an ace down the middle but Nadal took his second with a backhand crosscourt winner after another Draper drop shot. The British No.3 changed his kit from white to turquoise after the third set but not the course of the match. Nadal took his first match point when Draper pushed a forehand long after three hours and 41 minutes- and the Spaniard celebrated in relief at returning to winning ways. Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+, and Eurosport 