Nick Kyrgios has shared his plans after pulling out of the Australian Open. The world No 21 was forced to withdraw from his home Grand Slam on Monday after learning that he had a cyst in his knee and is now planning to go under the knife as early as next week with a goal of being ready for Indian Wells. A “devastated” Kyrgios announced his withdrawal from the Australian Open on Monday, while his physio Will Maher confirmed that the 27-year-old underwent an MRI scan after suffering with knee pain, which showed that he had a “parameniscal cyst growing in his left meniscus”. The Wimbledon finalist attempted to be ready for the first Major of the year but felt he would be unable to hold up for seven matches to try and win the tournament, and ultimately pulled out. But the 27-year-old is remaining positive as he enjoys his time in Melbourne before returning home to Canberra for surgery, as he shared his upcoming plans after pulling out of his home Grand Slam tournament. “I said that with my team yesterday, it was obviously a very hard decision but we've made some tough decisions in my career before,” the top-ranked Aussie told 9 News. “We have a plan moving forward. My eyes are already set on the next time I step on court. I'm just enjoying being in Melbourne.” Kyrgios had planned to watch friend and doubles partner Thanasi Kokkinakis on Tuesday, though he may have had to give up after the match was delayed due to rain. JUST IN: Netflix Break Point may have already been confirmed for second season   He continued: “Obviously a lot of good friends playing, Thanasi is playing today. So I'll try and get behind him.” But the seven-time title winner was still gutted to not be out on a match court himself as he added: “Look it's devastating seeing some of the young Aussies getting wins and knowing I was one of the legit favourites but definitely made the right decision. I still feel like I'm part of it, being around Melbourne and supporting my friends, being a part of it, it's still special.” After enjoying his time at Melbourne Park as a spectator, the world No 21 will head home later in the week ready for a surgery on Monday as he eyes a comeback at the Indian Wells Masters in March. “I'm going to go to Canberra for a consultation on Friday then have surgery on Monday and get straight into the recovery and rehab pretty much every day and just look after my body and get ready for Indian Wells,” he explained. DON'T MISSBrit Dan Evans shares how Roy Keane helped him overcome Aus Open heatDan Evans avoids question in fear of being 'thrown out of Davis Cup'Andy Murray's brother Jamie has three-word response after Aus Open win “I think it's pretty straightforward, nothing super complicated or complex so I don't think there's anything that can go too drastically wrong.” Kyrgios is already full of motivation for his comeback as he reflected on his 2022 season, where he fell out of the world’s top 100 before making his maiden Grand Slam singles final at Wimbledon “I'm as motivated as ever. I've been training super hard and playing so much tennis all of last year and I was ready for that. I'm going to use this as fuel,” he said. “My year was flipped down last year. At AO to where I ended up in the year was amazing, I basically did a full 360. My ranking is still No 20 in the world and I'm still in a great position to play all these events that I want to play and I'm still in a great position.” 