 Consumer price growth rocketed to a 40-year high of 11.1 percent in October, in a devastating blow to pensioners. Thanks to Rishi Sunak's decision (when still Chancellor) to scrap the state pension triple lock for the 2022/2023 tax year, some 12 million retirees got a pay rise of just 3.1 percent instead. This put millions of pensioners on the front line of the cost-of-living crisis, as their income plummeted in real terms. Prices have been rising three-and-a-half times faster than the state pension, although the actual damage was much worse than that. Pensioners are hit harder by today’s inflation than almost any other group in society. That's because they spend a higher proportion of their income of energy and food, which are rising fastest of all. Energy prices have more than doubled while food costs jumped 13.3 per cent in the year to December, according to the British Retail Consortium. Scrapping the triple lock was always unpopular, but Sunak could hardly have chosen a worst year to do it. Pensioners have been furious at the damage inflicted to their spending power. Many swear they will never vote Tory again. Yet in the 2023/24 financial year starting in April, the situation could go dramatically into reverse. Whisper it, but things are looking up for pensioners.    The triple lock has been restored, and the state pension will rise by a hefty 10.1 per cent from April. That's the largest ever increase, and will lift the maximum new state pension by almost £1,000, from today’s £9,627 to £10,600 a year. The latest inflation figure, for December, shows inflation is still higher than than at 10.5 percent, but the outlook is much, much brighter. By the end of this year, accountancy group PWC reckons the inflation rate could have fallen as low as three per cent. I've seen predictions that it could drop to two percent, but I believe that's overly optimistic. Inflation of three percent would still be a huge help for pensioners, as it means the state pension will have increased by more than three times that sum. The triple lock acts with a time lag, as the inflation element is based on September's figure, but the increase doesn't start to arrive for another six or seven months. That time lag is now working in favour of pensioners. Yet before politicians start spinning this as an inflation busting pay rise that will make up for recent hardship, we should remember a few things. READ MORE: State pension age fear - ‘Wait until 70 and get less cash than today'   First, state pension income lost when the triple lock was axed will never be restored. This will reduce everybody’s state pension forever, by almost £500 a year. Also, the UK state pension will remain one of the worst in the developed world, barely enough to fund a basic standard of living in retirement. Worse, millions will get nowhere near the maximum new state pension of £10,600 a year. Those on the basic state pension currently get just £7,376.20 at most, which will rise to a maximum £8,121 in April. Some get even less, because they did not make the required number of National Insurance contributions. Finally, the triple lock remains under threat. It could be axed for good one day, if politicians decide we can't afford it. So life will still be hard as hell for many, many pensioners, unless they have other sources of retirement income, such as company and personal pensions, or tax-free Isas. Yet with electricity bills expected to start falling by Easter, and inflation generally plummeting in the second half of the year, things are going to get a little better. Provided pensioners can hold out that long.  