Eddie Hearn has revealed who his favourite influencer boxer is, and it isn’t Jake Paul. The Matchroom Boxing chief is a big fan of TikTok star Salt Papi who has been gunning for a fight with The Problem Child. Papi is widely considered to be one of the best fighters in the influencer sphere. Last time out, he improved his record to 3-0 with an emphatic second-round knockout win over YouTuber Josh Brueckner on the KSI vs FaZe Temperrr undercard in London. Impressed by his display, Hearn admitted that the Filipino puncher has all makings of a solid professional and is keen to turn him over under his promotional banner. "Salt Papi can fight. Salt Papi's my favourite. I wanna turn Salt Papi professional,” Hearn told the DAZN Boxing Show. “Leave him [at his current weight class], he's a man of the people, he's got a belly like me, we love him." Papi recently revealed that he received a direct message from Hearn following his latest victory reading "You the man Papi,” as fans speculated about whether Matchroom would make a move for the social media sensation. Hearn is not the only admirer of Papi’s work, however, the 28-year-old received a glowing review from Chris Eubank Jr, who was on the broadcast for his second fight against Andy Warski. “When I was watching him licking his lips in front of his opponent before the fight, I was like, ‘This kid’s got something,'" said Eubank Jr. "It became very clear early on with the foot movement, the in-and-out, that he’s been practicing his footwork. And then he hit him with the two-piece combo and the guy went to sleep, incredible. MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank left 'whinging' by Smith body shot as sparring details emerge Joshua 'rejected' fight with McKean due to troublesome quality Transgender boxing division to start with 'tester event' - EXCLUSIVE “If you look at him, he looks like he works a nine-to-five at a cheese factory. So, to see him come out there, moonwalk, dance, lick his lips and then knock a guy out, that’s box office right there.” Papi is actively pursuing a fight with the consensus number-one crossover boxing star, Paul, and recently uploaded a comparison video of Manny Pacquiao‘s knockout of Ricky Hatton, alongside his KO of Brueckner to drive home the point. Papi captioned the video: “Jake Paul’s Kryptonite, The Real Final BOSS, THE PHENOM, THE BOOGEYMAN SLAYER… THE ONE WHO KNOCKS!! SUPER… SALT… PAPI!” Much to the surprise of Papi, Pacquiao quickly commented on the post, saying: “Pwede Na,” which translates to ‘go for it’ from Filipino to English. Excited by this acknowledgement from the boxing legend, he shared a screenshot of Pacquiao’s comment, adding: “The GOAT approves.”