Almost half (48 percent) of Britons are considering taking on extra work or starting a side hustle in 2023 to help with the cost of living. New research by GoDaddy found three in five aspiring entrepreneurs would not be able to afford their bills without this extra income.  GoDaddy research has revealed the cost-of-living crisis is creating a new generation of entrepreneurs with many turning to small businesses and side hustles to help make ends meet. Almost half (48 percent) of Britons are considering launching one in 2023, with 85 percent saying they need more income to pay for rising costs. It's estimated there could be up to 1.8million small business websites launched in the UK in January 2023 alone. One entrepreneur is Gordon Dowall-Potter, 43, from Fife, Scotland who created MANtenatal in January 2021, to help expectant dads prepare for fatherhood. READ MORE: 'Top rate' account is offering 'market-leading' 4.50% interest rate The GoDaddy research found that: DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT]  Gordon said: “In the midst of the pandemic we faced many of the same challenges presented by the cost-of-living crisis: economic instability, uncertainty about the future, loss of control. "Launching MANtenatal was, for me, a way to regain control and plan for the future. “January is the best time to launch a new business. Many feel re-energised and have a new outlook for the year ahead, so grasp it! "Much of the success of MANtenatal was achieved through early planning. Take advantage of the energy and calm of January to build your 12-month plan.”   James Eadie, Senior Director of Brand Marketing at GoDaddy, said: “Our research clearly shows that the cost-of-living crisis is having a direct impact on the growth of the microbusiness sector: people are turning to side hustles to generate extra income and help them get through tough economic times. "The UK will see a big surge in these ‘necessity entrepreneurs’ across 2023. “In January alone, tens of thousands of microbusiness owners launch new websites as they look to grow. The important thing now is that they are supported and can flourish. "After all, microbusinesses are the engine of the British economy. When they thrive, we all do.”   According to the study, the top vocations for side hustles are: 1. Pet sitter (13 percent) 2. Jewellery maker (12 percent) 3. Dog groomer (11 percent) 4. Social media influencer (10 percent) 5. Handyman/tradesperson (nine percent) 6. Gardener (nine percent) 7. Private tutor for primary school students (eight percent) 8. Baker (seven percent) 9. Fashion designer (seven percent) 10. Private tutor for secondary school students (seven percent) 