Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is set to recall Darwin Nunez to the starting XI for their FA Cup fourth round clash with Brighton on Sunday. The Reds boss is likely to rotate his squad with six changes, even after an eight-day gap between their last fixture, and the Uruguayan is in contention to start after a brief spell out injured. The German knows that his side could do with a morale-boosting victory with wins hard to come by at the moment after their goalless draw with Chelsea last time out. But the Merseyside outfit looked difficult to break down after coming away with a narrow 1-0 success over Wolves in their third-round replay. They face a Brighton side who have found their feet in front of goal under Roberto De Zerbi, scoring 19 goals in their previous six matches, and the Seagulls thrashed Middlesbrough 5-1 away from home to breeze through into the next round. With that in mind, Klopp may avoid wholesale changes to reduce the risk of an early exit in a winnable competition - and Express Sport looks at who the 55-year-old could select for the clash at the Amex Stadium. Another cup tie marks another opportunity for Republic of Ireland international Caoimhin Kelleher to prove to Jurgen Klopp he is a capable deputy for Alisson Becker. The 24-year-old played in goal for both the FA Cup final and Carabao Cup final last season as the Reds scooped both trophies by winning penalty shootouts against Chelsea, with Kelleher playing a key role. He has had less of a chance to impress this season, however, with only four appearances for his club. But after keeping a clean sheet against Wolves and generally performing his tasks well, the back-up goalkeeper has earned his chance in goal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A change of full-backs may be necessary to keep Andy Robertson fresh and give Trent Alexander-Arnold some more minutes after starting on the bench for the game against Chelsea, having been hampered by an injury. And that means Kostas Tsimikas may be handed a chance to prove his worth on the opposite flank, with James Milner dropping out. With Virgil van Dijk expected to be out for a while longer and Nat Phillips struck down by a cold, Joe Gomez and Ibrahima Konate are expected to continue at the heart of the backline. Rhys Williams may be included in the squad as a reserve option after being recalled from his loan spell with Championship outfit Blackpool. Stefan Bajcetic signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool this week and the 18-year-old is poised to continue his recent run in the side with another outing in midfield. The only question that remains is whether Klopp goes for experience or youthful exuberance. The Liverpool boss has Curtis Jones available for selection and these are the games that the academy graduate tends to thrive in as he aims to earn more playing time. And for the final spot, Thiago Alcantara has played in both FA Cup ties ahead of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson this season, so expect the Spaniard to keep his spot. Arthur Melo is still out injured, so the Brazilian will not be involved again. Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino are all out injured, while Fabio Carvalho has been ruled out of the clash after Klopp's most recent press conference. That should make for a strong frontline for Klopp, with Mohamed Salah and Cody Gakpo in need of goals after a recent dry spell. The biggest boost will be the expected return of Nunez after spending weeks on the sidelines. The 23-year-old has looked a huge threat in attack recently and he is set to lead the line with Salah and Gakpo providing support. Harvey Elliott's recent mixed spell on the pitch could see him drop out of the starting XI, with teenage starlet Ben Doak providing back-up on the bench. Liverpool's possible XI vs Brighton: Kelleher; Alexander-Arnold, Gomez, Konate, Tsimikas; Thiago, Bajcetic, Jones; Salah, Nunez, Gakpo.