Prince William has remained silent over his brother's claims so far, as a close friend claimed "revenge is not how William rolls", according to the Times. The news outlet reports that the friend said the Prince of Wales "won't retaliate" and "never would" to the accusations leveled at him by his brother as he is "dignified and unbelievably loyal". They added: "William is a sitting duck because Harry knows he isn’t going to retaliate. How many shots can you take at a sitting duck? It’s cruel, cowardly and so sad for William to keep taking the punches. He’s keeping quiet for the good of his family and the country.” The friend went on to say that despite remaining silent, William is "burning" inside over his brother's accusations. He said: "He’s concentrating on his wife and his children, that’s what he has. He has to focus on them, and look out for the rest of the royal family. He’s handling it so well on the outside — inside he’s burning.” Another friend is quoted as saying the Prince of Wales is "going through a range of emotions" for his family and the institution. It added: "We know how closely he followed his grandmother’s example, and the institutional response may win the day over the personal. But he is staunchly protective of his own family, and he’s not just going to roll over.” READ MORE: Prince Harry’s book revelations ‘like those of a B-list celeb' In his memoir Prince Harry made the bombshell claim his brother attacked his over his relationship with Meghan Markle. Describing the confrontation the Duke claimed William branded Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and knocked me to the floor".  He alleges his older brother urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but Harry refused and William left before returning and apologising. Harry claims William and his then-girlfriend Kate Middleton encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005. The move sparked outrage after a photo appeared on the front page of a newspaper. 