A fast food fanatic has consumed an eye-watering 250,000 calories after eating 124 kebabs in just 31 days as part of efforts to raise money for charity. Des Breakey, a 36-year-old dad-of-two from Manchester, gobbled down an astonishing four meat wraps each evening as part of his "Kebabathon". He even went without a roast dinner with all the delicious trimmings on Christmas to make space for kebabs. In 2020, he had also scoffed 60 kebabs in one month, raising nearly 5,000 for Nerve Tumours UK. The engineer said the latest challenge has hurt him both "psychologically" and "physically" but also felt a huge sense of "accomplishment" when he ate his final kebab on New Year's Eve after raising more than £1,000 for Francis House Children’s Hospice. Des spent hundreds of pounds of his own money on the popular fast food, which cost from £5 to £15, while many others donated to his challenge throughout last month. But despite often feeling the effects of the challenge late on in the 31 day period, the 36-year-old is already planning to go out with friends next weekend and vowed to "never stop eating kebabs". He said: "It’s very much an accomplishment. I appreciate the support. But I’m not doing it again. This is my final dance. I’m now retiring. "I have enjoyed it, but it’s hurt me physically. I’ve felt like c***. I’m not getting any fruit, no vegetables, and no nutrition. I couldn’t eat anything else. "It was a breeze for the first two weeks. But the last two weeks it got a bit messy, not just physically but psychologically as well. "There was pressure on getting there – I had to do it. I couldn’t let them down. But to be honest, I’m already planning to go out with my mates next week. I’ll never stop eating kebabs." Des began the daunting "Kababathon" on December 1 and each day of the challenge ate one from a different takeaway shop. Every evening he wolfed down four kebabs. READ MORE: GP surgery waiting room 'trashed' by patient in rampage The dad-of-two even said he even ate kebabs for Christmas and was "gutted" when he was forced to turn down prawn cocktails for starters at his mum's. However, he was determined to continue with the challenge until the very end. Des continued: "I was starving myself all day at work. I would finish at 5pm, and then I would be eating four kebabs. Sometimes I would be eating them in my mate’s car, some on the fly. The quickest I did it in was an hour and a half. "I had kebabs for Christmas. I went to my mum's. I love prawn cocktails as a starter, so I was gutted. But I didn’t want to give in. I was always going to do it." The engineer rotated between lamb, donor, chicken and mixed meats for his kebabs, and pinpointed two shops located in Oldham and Bolton as the ones where he enjoyed a kebab from most.  DON'T MISSSunak told to focus on cost of living as UK heads for 'groundhog day' [COMMENTS]Baba Vanga who predicted Brexit and 9/11 makes 2023 predictions [REPORT]Heathrow chaos as passengers claim 'Border Force staff didn't turn up' [PICTURES] He said: "It’s not an easy question, but Simply Fresh in Oldham is great. Basically, it’s in the name – simply fresh. They literally have an ‘OG’ charcoal grill. Literally, it’s just fire. "They do everything, but the lamb is grand, but everything there is amazing. He added: "I had the best shawarma of my life the other day at Istanbul Shawarma in Bolton. It’s absolutely next level. It blew my socks off.” Des is still collecting money for Francis House Children’s Hospice after completing his epic challenge. You can donate to his cause by clicking here. 