A mother has told of a horrifying encounter with a "glaring" stranger on a flight who asked her and her husband to leave first class because they were travelling with their three-year-old daughter. Despite her assurances the kid had always been a "good flyer" who "didn't misbehave or even cry," the angry passenger accosted her in the middle of the flight, while the child was soundly dozing off. He reportedly instructed them to transfer to their "true" seats and claimed that youngsters "weren't allowed" in first class. The annoyed mother said that she and her husband had chosen to "splurge" on first-class tickets since her husband had recently received a "nice pay rise," according to The Mirror. She said: "My toddler has always been a good flyer and has flown a lot throughout her short life. "She's good at staying in her seat and tells us when she needs to go to the toilet, [or when she wants] food and toys. She stayed seated and quietly played throughout the flight, only getting up when she had to go to the toilet." The man, though, was furious with the child from the minute he boarded the aircraft.  The girl's mother said on Reddit: “We boarded early since my husband is disabled and when another first-class passenger saw us he started glaring." According to the woman, two flight attendants approached them as they were boarding and requested to see their boarding cards to make sure they were seated properly. After takeoff, the young girl and her father were both dozing off when the mother got a poke on the shoulder as she was enjoying some music. She said: "It was the guy that glared at us as he boarded and before I could even get a word out he told me that children weren't allowed in first class and that we needed to move to our 'real' seats. I realised he was probably the person that complained before take off that we were in the wrong seats and decided before I got upset I wanted the flight attendants to deal with this." READ MORE: EU delay to fingerprint checks welcomed by flight industry She continued: "I told him that I did not feel comfortable talking with him and that I was calling a flight attendant to come handle this. He got flustered but ultimately stood awkwardly next to me in the aisle until a flight attendant came to clear things up." A flight attendant came to the family’s rescue, telling the angry passenger they were seated properly and requesting him not to bother them again. As the family got off the plane, he called her a "fat ****" and complained that he paid "too much for first class to be surrounded by kids", the mother claimed. She added: "My kid was the only kid in first class and she didn't misbehave or even cry so at first I felt like I was in the right. But after talking to family, many of them told me that we should book economy next time because people pay extra to relax in first class." DON'T MISS:Snow to trigger power cuts and travel chaos in UK [REPORT]Flight attendant shares 'must follow' holiday 'rules' for air travel [REPORT]Cruise expert explains reason to ‘book travel separately’ [REPORT] Reddit users came out in support of the mum, saying she had every right to remain seated after paying for first-class seats. General_kb said: "Even if your child did cry, it wouldn't have mattered because you paid and are entitled to the seats you paid for. There is no age limit or policy that children can't be in 1st class (that I am aware of) if they don't want to be around children/other people that bad - they should fly private." Hard_tyrant_dinosaur responded: "Agreed. Whether or not the kid is a good traveller is irrelevant. OP paid for those seats." While B_A_M_2019 posted: "And even if the kid cried in economy... You can still hear it?" READ NEXT:One in three Brits already planning a package holiday for this yearTourists could save by flying on a ‘wonky weekend’UK passengers unlikely to get compensation after US flights turmoilPassengers describe chaotic scenes as US flights groundedWhite House denies 'cyber attack' as flight investigation launched