JJ Watt may have only just retired from the NFL, but fans are convinced he may soon return to the league as a coach. The former defensive end posted a picture alongside former team-mate DeMeco Ryans, who is heavily linked with taking on the head coach role at the Houston Texans. It's looking like Ryans could leave the San Francisco 49ers as defensive coordinator and take on the HC role at the Texans, according to reports. According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, Ryans is the favourite to land the role after being interviewed, meaning the former Texans star may return as a coach to his old side. Ryans played with Watt at the Texans, and the two share a close bond. Watt posted a photo of himself with Ryans while at the Texans on Monday, and fans are convinced that there is a hidden message. Not only may it confirm that Ryans is set to return to the Texans, some are speculating that Watt may join him later down the line. Watt confirmed his retirement at the end of this season, playing his final game for the Arizona Cardinals against the 49ers. His former team-mate and buddy Ryans was there for his final game, but while calling the shots as defensive coordinator for the 49ers. Ryans has held the role since 2017, and the 49ers defence has been one of the best in the league. Their season came to an end on Sunday as they were thrashed 31-7 by the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship game. It may be Ryans' last game with the 49ers, as he's tipped to join the Texans. Many have interviewed for the vacant HC role, but Ryans is considered to be a standout amongst the field. Given Watt is now retired, Ryans could convince him to join his coaching staff, and the Texans would be given a huge defensive lift. Texans fans are starting to get excited about the future, after another shocking season. One excited fan replied: "JJ!!! So when do you plan on joining him?" Another added: "No way, if we get Ryans and then Watt becomes defensive coach then I'm going to freak." Watt has previously said that he's not expecting to coach, but things do change especially after calling time on your playing career. But it's got the Texans fans excited, although it doesn't take much at this moment in time.