The Met Office has issued yellow weather warnings for snow and ice all week, with millions of motorists affected by the freezing temperatures. With these warnings in place, many drivers have woken up to frozen or frosted windows, resulting in an increase in frost-clearing tips being needed. One expert is urging drivers to never put boiling water on their car to defrost it as it could crack the screen and lead to expensive costs. He instead suggests using a clever towel hack that will make their lives much easier in the cold mornings. Olly Jones, co-founder at elmo, said: “Putting boiling water on your windscreen is a really bad idea. “Putting boiling water on any type of glass can cause little cracks to form and can worsen existing cracks - and windscreens are no exception. READ MORE: Elderly drivers must renew driving licence or face massive fines “If your windscreen has been hit by a stone you are at risk of massively worsening that crack. Cracked windscreens can be expensive and take time to fix. “The best way to defrost your windscreen is by not allowing ice to form in the first place. If you know a frost is coming, you can take steps to prepare your windscreen.” There are still four weather warnings issued for today, with northern Scotland, parts of Northern Ireland, northeast England and most of Wales affected. The ice warnings are set to create “challenging travelling conditions”, with the expectation of some icy patches on untreated roads. DON'T MISSElectric car owners warned to stop charging their EV at 80 percent [WARNING]'Emissions-based parking' can charge drivers alongside ULEZ expansion [INSIGHT]'Reincarnation of a classic' Volkswagen ID Buzz wins Car of the Year [FULL LIST] Drivers are being encouraged to avoid some common frost clearing hacks, especially ones which could damage their car. Mr Jones added: “A great hack is to put an old towel over the windscreen which you can remove in the morning and it should stop ice forming. “If you do wake up to an unexpected frosting, you can use lukewarm water, de-icing spray or water and rubbing alcohol mixture to help remove the ice while scraping gently. “It’s important to be patient and to remove all the ice from all windows as any remaining ice can reduce your vision and lead to dangerous driving. READ MORE: Electric car running costs rising as fuel prices plummet “Try and set aside extra time in winter mornings in case you need to defrost your car, so you’re not rushing through the job - and remember to wear gloves to protect your fingers. “Try and think of it as a great free winter workout and a way to warm up.” With the yellow weather warning in order, the Met Office has given drivers some tips to remain safe when travelling out on the roads. When driving in snow and ice, drivers should always be aware of black ice as it may not always be visible. It can be an even greater hazard for both motorists and pedestrians than regular ice. Black ice may be formed when rain or drizzle falls on a road surface which is at a temperature below zero. The Highway Code lists a number of ways people can stay safe including being safe around gritters, slowing down when driving and using the highest gear possible to avoid wheel spin. People should also ensure they are careful when walking or driving on compacted snow as it may have turned to ice.