Manchester United and Chelsea have been rumoured to be interested in Bayern Munich’s Marcel Sabitzer, as the two Premier League rivals are chasing midfield signings before the transfer deadline closes at 11pm on Tuesday. Erik ten Hag’s outfit are chasing the Austrian after an injury to Christian Eriksen that will keep the playmaker out of action for several months. United have been forced to act in the window and Sabitzer is reportedly open to leaving the Bundesliga giant, as he is behind both Joshua Kimmich and Leon Goretzka in the pecking order. Chelsea are also on the lookout for midfield signings and as a result have been linked with Sabitzer, having let Jorginho move to Arsenal on the same day for a potential £12million fee. Jorginho only had six months left on his contract but Graham Potter is set to lose a valuable part of his squad for the remainder of the season. The club’s chiefs are desperately attempting to bring in Enzo Fernandez from Benfica, though they have been repeatedly told they need to pay the Argentine’s £105m release clause in full. Negotiations are ongoing with the Portuguese side as Chelsea attempt to pay the full fee but in instalments, as they look to comply with Financial Fair Play. However, the more time goes on a deal looks increasingly unlikely and they may have to consider alternatives such as Sabitzer. Though the London Evening Standard have claimed that Chelsea are yet to express any interest in the 29-year-old, while United are working on a deal to sign him on loan from Bayern Munich. The Blues appear to be putting all their eggs in one basket with Fernandez, who does want to make the move to Stamford Bridge if a deal can be struck. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute The World Cup winner is not in Benfica’s squad for their away trip to Arouca on Tuesday, as he did not train earlier in the week in hope of a move to Chelsea. The two clubs have been in talks for several hours at the deadline but according to Sky Sports there has been no breakthrough in negotiations and the two parties have been unable to agree on the structure of the deal. Conor Gallagher also looks set to stay at the club despite interest from Newcastle, Everton and Crystal Palace according to reports as Chelsea do not wish to loan him out again and permanent offers have been well below their asking price according to The Athletic. If Chelsea are indeed not interested in signing Sabitzer and fail to secure a deal for Fernandez, coupled with the sale of Jorginho then they would require Gallagher to stay to help fill the void in midfield.