When Elvis Presley died on August 16, 1977 at just 42, The King of Rock and Roll was buried by his mother Gladys at the Memphis Forest Hill Cemetery. However, following plans to steal his body, his father Vernon had both coffins exhumed and reburied in Graceland’s Meditation Garden. To this day, this peaceful private graveyard is the last stop on the Memphis mansion’s tour, right by the swimming pool. Buried by Elvis and his mother are Vernon, who died in 1979 and The King’s grandmother Minnie Mae, who followed a year later. Since then, the next member of the Presley family to be buried there was Lisa Marie Presley’s only son. Tragically, Elvis’ grandson Benjamin Keough died by suicide at just 27 in 2020 and is now buried opposite The King on the other side of the fountain in the Meditation Garden. Lisa Marie used to be haunted by the Presley family graveyard when visiting Graceland, as reflected in the lyrics of her 2003 song Lights Out. One of the verses says: “Someone turned the lights out there in Memphis, That's where my family's buried and gone. Last time I was there I noticed a space left, next to them there in Memphis, In the damn back lawn.” Asked about the lyrics, she once said: “[I said ‘damn’] because I couldn't say 'motherf***ing back lawn.' It didn't work melodically. The back lawn of Graceland is a graveyard, basically. How many people have a family grave in the backyard? How many people are reminded of their fate, their mortality, every f***ing day?” Elvis’ daughter went on to talk about whether she would also be buried there by her father. Speaking of where she’d like her final resting place to be Lisa Marie said: "All the graves are lined up and there's a spot there, waiting for me, right next to my grandmother.” Minnie Mae is buried on the left of Elvis, so it’s possible that The King’s daughter’s grave could be on her left. Another possibility is that she’ll be buried next to her son on the other side of the fountain. Although Lisa did add back in 2004: “I don't plan on anything. I'm sure I'll end up there.” She joked: “Or I'll shrink my head and put it in a glass box in the living room. I'll get more tourists to Graceland that way.” As for the Memphis mansion’s fate, she has previously said what will happen to the second most visited house in the USA after The White House. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's final social media post leaves fans heartbroken Speaking previously with USA Today: “Sometimes there are rumours about [Graceland] being sold. And that is NEVER going to happen. There's always a rumour. It is NOT getting sold. Graceland was given to me and will always be mine. And then passed to my children. It will never be sold.” Lisa Marie had three daughters. The eldest is 33-year-old actress Riley Keough, who she had alongside Benjamin with her first husband Danny. The late only child of Elvis also had 13-year-old twins Harper and Finley Lockwood with her fourth husband Michael. Following the tragic news of Lisa Marie’s death last night, Graceland made a statement, which read: “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie. They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” During her final week, she made a speech outside the Memphis mansion on what would have been her father’s 88th birthday. DON'T MISSElvis grandson: Lisa Marie shares 'eternal bond' photo with late son [LISA'S SON]Elvis movie: Lisa Marie 'heartbroken' son isn't alive to see tribute [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis Presley’s only grandson Benjamin Keough buried next to The King [ELVIS GRANDSON] The 54-year-old then flew back to Los Angeles for a private party with Riley and Elvis movie star and director Austin Butler and Baz Luhrmann. She then attended the Golden Globe awards with her mother Priscilla, as they both held back tears watching the man who played The King win the Best Drama Actor award. And who knows, maybe he’ll pick up the Oscar for Lisa Marie, as she predicted, in a few weeks' time? For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch. SOURCE SOURCE