It’s been quite the year for Elvis Presley fans with not only the 45th anniversary of his untimely death at just 42, but also the release of Baz Luhrmann’s big-screen biopic. In fact, Elvis star Austin Butler is odds on to win Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama at the Golden Globes tomorrow evening, which could well foreshadow an Oscar win further down the line. Yesterday marked what would have been The King’s 88th birthday with his daughter Lisa Marie Presley paying tribute outside Graceland, but that wasn’t the only news.  Netflix posted a new poster and title for their upcoming Elvis show that was originally called Agent King. The streaming service said: “HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ELVIS. Agent Elvis, a new original Netflix animated series is coming soon.” The accompanying poster depicted Elvis with his iconic sunglasses on, holding a huge golden gun. A synopsis reads: “Elvis trades in his jumpsuit for a jetpack when he joins a secret government spy program to help battle the dark forces that threaten the country.” The adult animated show is presumably somewhat inspired by The King’s love of law enforcement and desire to be something of an agent, having collected various honorary police badges over the years. When he met President Richard Nixon at the White House in 1970, the singer even requested a federal agent badge from the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs. Incredibly this was arranged and the star was ecstatic. Interestingly, although Elvis’ ex-wife Priscilla Presley is an executive producer on Agent Elvis, she has clashed with the creative team over the project. Speaking at Elvis Week 2021, Priscilla said: “I read the scripts. I worry about the scripts because it’s an adult animation. So you’re leaving it to Sony and Netflix because that’s who has it. Sometimes the script comes in and I go, ‘God, Elvis never would say that!’” The 77-year-old gave an example where Elvis is meeting with a Commander of a spy agency during the sixties, wanting to be made an agent. She said: “[The Commander’s] assistant is really tough and she’s saying things to Elvis like, ‘Get it yourself!’ Oh my god, he would never have any woman or anyone just say, ‘Get it yourself’.” So Elvis’ ex-wife went to the Agent Elvis creators and asked them to cut the lines out. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's true feelings about Ann-Margret came out after he died Priscilla continued: “I said, ‘You can’t put that in there!’ So it’s me trying to change everything that Elvis would not do. But they said, ‘Come on, give us some slack.’ And I go, ‘I’ll give up on this but you’ve got to take this out.’ They had this part where she says, ‘Yeah, you and that black hair on your head’ or something like that. I go, ‘Don’t make fun of his hair! His hair is really cool! This is so not okay with me!’” Agent Elvis will presumably hit Netflix later in 2023.