Before becoming King Charles, the then Prince of Wales had a huge portfolio of impressive properties. They ranged from Tamarisk House on the Isles of Scilly to the Castle of Mey at the other side of the UK in the north of Scotland. But following the Queen's death, all these residences are controlled by the Crown Estate. Some of the properties, such as Sandringham House and Balmoral Castle, where the Queen sadly died in September 2022, are privately owned. Throughout his long tenure as heir in waiting The King lived in several of these royal residences - but always had his eye on one home in particular. While he has lived at Buckingham Palace in Central London, Clarence House and St James' Palace, he also cherished a property on the Mall, My London reports. He was reportedly desperate to call it home, according to diarist Kenneth Rose. The late society columnist's stories were published after his death. They include revelations on everything from Charles' doomed marriage to Princes Diana to the Queen conducting a religious ceremony in Sandringham after spooked staff thought it was haunted. Among the revelations were Charles' deep desire to live at Marlborough House on the Mall, but was refused this wish as it had been leased to the Commonwealth Secretariat back in 1965.  After meeting Charles in 1985, he recorded: "Prince Charles would love to live in Marlborough House. ‘I grit my teeth with rage whenever I go to some Commonwealth event there. But what can one do? Once the people get inside a building, it is impossible to throw them out.’" Originally built for Queen Anne's key adviser Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough in 1711, it later became a Royal Palace. Over the centuries Dowager Queens, Princes, Dukes and Duchesses have stayed in the house, including Queen Mary who died there in 1953. It became the Commonwealth’s headquarters in 1959 at the late Queen's request. It has been the venue for independence negotiations and many Commonwealth conferences, including Commonwealth Heads of Government meetings. 