Two retired Metropolitan Police officers have been charged with child sex offences and will appear in court next month. Jack Addis, 63, of no fixed address but from Perthshire, Scotland, and Jeremy Laxton, 62, from Lincolnshire will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Thursday, 9 February. The two retired officers have been charged as part of an investigation into a serving Met chief inspector who was found dead before he was also charged. Addis was arrested in November 2021 and has been charged with conspiracy to distribute or show indecent images of children. He was arrested in November 2021. Laxton was arrested two months earlier and has been charged with conspiracy to distribute or show indecent images of children, three counts of making indecent photos of a child, possession of prohibited images of a child, possession of extreme pornographic images and intentionally encouraging or assisting an offence (misconduct in public office). The alleged offences took place during a three-and-a-half year period between January 1, 2018 and September 20, 2021. Both men left the force over a decade ago. The Met said in a statement the charges followed a "lengthy and complex" investigation into 49-year-old Richard Watkinson. He was a serving Chief Inspector for neighbourhoods policing at the West Area Command Unit but was found dead in Buckinghamshire on January 12. This was the same day he was due to answer bail to be charged with conspiracy to distribute or show indecent images of children, three counts of making indecent photos of a child, voyeurism and two counts of misconduct in public office. Wilkinson's death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious. An inquest has opened and adjourned.  Commander Jon Savell, who leads the Met’s professional standards team, said the Chief Inspector was facing "extremely serious and concerning charges as the result of a painstaking and thorough police investigation". He made clear the police force had no previous information about the allegations made against Wilkonson or tro indicate he "posed a risk to the public". The Chief Inspector had not faced any other criminal or conduct matters during his time in the Met, but had been suspended from duty following his arrest. Commander Jon Savell said: "Chief Inspector Watkinson was facing extremely serious and concerning charges, as the result of a painstaking and thorough police investigation. "Before this matter came to light, we had no previous information about these allegations or to indicate the officer posed any risk to the public. "He had not faced any other criminal or conduct matters during his Met career. He had been suspended from duty since his arrest. "Two other men were also arrested during the course of the investigation and have been charged. Their matters will now progress through the courts."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 