However, Michele wasn’t the only big name on the NBC show that evening as The Whale and Stranger Things star Sadie Sink also joined Fallon on the sofa for a chat. But when the prime-time talk show host invited the two to take part in a game of charades, some eagle-eyed fans claim to have spotted a rather awkward moment where they think the former Glee actor “pushed” Sink out of her way. The moment came when Fallon and Tariq Trotter teed up the classic parlour game towards the end of the show during an episode earlier this month. “Joining my team, she stars in The Whale which is in theatres right now, please welcome, Sadie Sink!” Fallon announced to rapturous applause from the studio audience. A beaming Sink emerged from behind a curtain before shaking Trotter and Fallon’s hands and taking a spot next to them. Fallon then introduced Michele, announcing: “And joining Tariq’s team, she stars in Funny Girl now playing at Broadway’s August Wilson Theatre, please welcome Lea Michele!” READ MORE: Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenes Once again, the audience erupted into applause as Michele emerges waving at the crowd before placing a welcoming hand on Sink’s arm and shaking Fallon and Trotter’s hands. “I’m apologising in advance,” she shouted before she slipped into the spot where Sink was initially standing. Sink spotted Michele slowly walking back into her spot and took a step to the side to allow her fellow actor to stand beside Trotter. “I think you’re gonna be great,” Fallon replied as he tried to calm Michele’s fears before he reeled off the rules for the game. As they all went to take their seats, Michele also ended up walking across Sink’s path to get to her sofa before the Stranger Things star could. In the end, Sink and Fallon emerged victorious after the game, prompting a celebratory dance from the talk show host. However, it wasn’t the outcome of the game which had fans at home talking. Clips of the introduction have since gone viral on TikTok and other social media outlets with fans slamming the way Michele took Sink’s spot on the stage. DON'T MISS: NCIS fans 'work out' Nick Torres exit twist as 'replacement' joins [REACTION]Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk leaves co-star ‘crying’ with sweet tribute [TRIBUTE]Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston in tears as he recalls tough death scene [VIDEO] "I watched this live and it was sooo cringe, disrespectful, and it's actually extremely immature move," wrote a TikTok user to the clip [via Unilad]. A second went on to comment on Michele’s behaviour: “Dang Lea knows where the camera is at all times.” YouTube user @SayTheWordImAnIdiotOutLoud reacted to the clip shared on The Tonight Show’s channel: “Okay, Lea was being so rude, but like did you see how protective Jimmy was with Sadie? I loved that so much.” While on Twitter, user @SceneByAshlix fumed: “36yr old Lea Michele RUDELY pushed 20yr old Sadie Sink out of the way for what?! “She's really not changing my opinion that she's a t**t,” they added. Elsewhere, @ninathedad also blasted the Glee star: “Was watching the charades video w sadie sink and lea michele and y’all…miss lea gave sadie the shadiest, fakest smile i’ve ever seen like…omg.” But others were quick to defend Michele, as Paul Southall argued: “Just watched Lea Michelle push Sadie Sink out the way. “Are people actually for real? Like, do people actually think that happened? #leamichele #sadiesink #glee #StrangerThings.” The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon airs weeknight on NBC in the USA.