The National Grid has just confirmed that another live Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) event will take place tomorrow, as well as tonight. This is an initiative designed to avoid blackouts and reduce the pressure on energy suppliers by incentivising people to reduce their usage during certain hours. It has been confirmed by the National Grid that this scheme will run between 4.30pm to 6pm tomorrow on January 24, 2022 Households on average usage are currently experiencing a 27 percent hike to their energy bills even with the Government's price guarantee in place. With inflation still at a 40-year high, families are facing unprecedented financial pressure during the cost of living crisis with the National Grid scheme offering much-needed relief to those eligible. Yesterday, it was confirmed that the Demand Flexibility Service will be made available to households today on January 23, 2022 between 5pm and 6pm. Households whose energy supplier is part of this energy scheme and have a smart meter installed in their home may be able to take part - although not everyone can. POLL: Would you sit in the dark to save money? Vote in our poll on the National Grid scheme According to the National Grid’s ESO website, the service stated: “If you have signed up to take part in the DFS scheme your electricity provider will contact you before a demonstration test or live event and ask if you want to participate in the following day’s event." Earlier last year, the energy regulator Ofgem approved the energy scheme running from November 3, 2022 to March 31, 2023. Through the Demand Flexibility Service, households and businesses can be paid to reduce or move their electricity usage out of peak hours after getting a signal from National Grid ESO. The BBC reports that households can save anywhere between a couple of pounds to £20 during one of these events. Here is a full list of the energy suppliers who take part in the Demand Flexibility Scheme on a domestic basis: READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Fintan Slye, the executive Director of the ESO, broke down why this scheme is a useful tool for households after it had been approved by the regulator last year. Mr Slye said: “We are delighted that Ofgem have approved the use of our Demand Flexibility Service this winter. “It will help mitigate the potential risks that the ESO has outlined in its Winter Outlook and will allow consumers to see a financial return for reducing their electricity use at peak times. “As a responsible operator of the electricity system we have developed this innovative Demand Flexibility Service to compliment the robust set of tools we already use to balance the electricity system every day.” Martyn Allen, the technical director of Electrical Safety First, encouraged households to be aware of what appliances they have on at night while the scheme is running. He explained: “Households will understandably be considering all their options during a financially challenging time. Yet it is essential that anyone considering using appliances at night do all they can to mitigate their risk of a fire with a few simple spot checks. “Ensure your appliances are not subject to a recall, that cables are not damaged and that filters are regularly emptied to reduce a build up of lint. “Finally, ensure you have a working smoke alarm on every floor in your house, it could save your life.”