A junior doctor has shared how he sometimes "doesn't have time to eat" during 13-hour shifts, as thousands of doctors consider going on strike over pay and conditions. Dr Shivam Sharma is one of many who will be voting in favour of industrial action saying this was a "defining moment for the NHS". A strike ballot of 45,000 junior doctors opened on Monday with a result expected for the end of February, reports BirminghamLive. If the BMA votes in favour of industrial action, a 72-hour walkout would take place in March - during which they will 'not provide emergency care.' The BMA says 'overworked' junior doctors in England have seen a 26 per cent real-term pay cut over the past 15 years and have urged the government to meet and negotiate a solution. Dr Sharma - who has been a junior doctor in Birmingham for four years - said the NHS was 'haemorrhaging' staff and admitted he had thought about leaving the profession. "I’ve absolutely thought about leaving - why would you not?," said Dr Sharma, a BMA rep in the West Midlands. "Junior doctors have had a 26 per cent real terms pay cut over the past 15 years - but we don’t see 26 per cent fewer patients, we don’t do 26% less work. Junior doctors are leaving in their droves and if we don’t manage to reverse the pay cut then I probably will too. I worked throughout the Covid pandemic and junior doctors really put themselves in the firing line. "We were working ridiculously long hours with little to no PPE and no vaccines. The government clapped for us but has rewarded us with further pay cuts - at a time when half of junior doctors are struggling to pay bills." A March strike would be the second time in history junior doctors have taken industrial action. The BMA is calling for better pay after junior doctors were excluded from a pay rise this year because their contract is subject to a multi-year pay deal.  Speaking of the reality of life on the ward, Dr Sharma said: "When you’re working a 13-hour shift, you hardly have time for any kind of break to get something to eat or drink. The best you have time for is a quick toilet break. "You feel like you’re being put in a situation where you’re set up to fail because you don’t have the resources and help around you to succeed. I'm doing the job of 3-4 doctors at once - we’re all burnt out, tired and undervalued."