Casemiro caught the attention of many Manchester United fans on Twitter when he posed for a mid-match selfie with a pitch invader in the second half of Wednesday's game against Crystal Palace. The Red Devils went into the fixture looking to continue their impressive run of recent form and were a goal to the good at the time of the incident after Bruno Fernandes finished off a sweeping team move with a cultured finish shortly before the half-time whistle. The match took a bizarre turn in the 56th minute as Casemiro was speaking to referee Robert Jones when a fan sprinted over to the Brazil international with a phone in his hand in preparation for a picture. The man was not chased down by security before lining up next to Casemiro and asking him for a selfie, with the 30-year-old duly obliging before the supporter walked over to the touchline and was led away. A number of people on Twitter poked fun at the incident as a result of Casemiro's apparent willingness to pause his conversation with the referee in order to take a picture with the pitch invader. He was seen posing for the snap for several seconds, which prompted many responses from baffled viewers including @DaveMac1974, who tweeted: "Casemiro just casually not causing any fuss by posing for a selfie with a pitch invader! How did the guy get that far? I'm sure he had 2 or 3 takes at it too!" One United fan by the name of @Saddam_KE took the opportunity to aim a dig at Sunday's opponents Arsenal by posting: "I’ve never seen a fan enter the pitch and ask to take a selfie with [Thomas] Partey. All I’m saying," while @ijustwannabemii added: "Casemiro posing even LOOOOOOOL i love him." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag and Bruno Fernandes reaction telling as Casemiro banned @WayneSBarton also joined in with a tongue-in-cheek response, which read: "Casemiro becomes the first player in Premier League history to be so in control of a game he can pose for a selfie with a fan in the middle of the pitch." Meanwhile, other viewers raised questions about the levels of security in place at Selhurst Park, with the pitch invader given plenty of time to take the perfect selfie with Casemiro before walking off the pitch. @rocket_ronnie7 wrote: "How has that pitch invader been able to make it that far untouched?! Pathetic security." @Bob2TheO shared a similar view on the incident by adding: "That was most casual pitch invader. Dude was able to run up and take around five selfies with Casemiro then walked to the sideline to meet the security staff." Casemiro went on to receive a yellow card for a full-blooded challenge on the edge of the area before Michael Olise struck a last-gasp equaliser for Palace with just minutes remaining at Selhurst Park. The former Real Madrid midfielder's fifth booking of the campaign means that he will miss Sunday's trip to Premier League leaders Arsenal, who were beaten by United in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford but will have the benefit of home advantage when the two sides meet on the weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.