NFL icon Tom Brady finished the regular season with a losing record for the first time in his illustrious 23-year career. Brady’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers have struggled in 2022 but still have a home playoff game to look forward to after clinching the NFC South crown. Brady is certainly used to winning and reaching the postseason with relative ease, but the 2022 season saw the seven-time Super Bowl champion falter following a tumultuous offseason in which he reversed his decision to retire. Last offseason, Brady originally retired but sensationally returned just 40 days later amid much fanfare. The 45-year-old instead returned for a 23rd season in the NFL and the move threatened to be a poor one but he recovered to reach the playoffs for the 14th consecutive year. The division title was also the 19th of Brady’s remarkable run in the NFL. On Sunday, Brady’s Buccaneers battled the Atlanta Falcons in a meaningless game given Tampa had already secured the fourth seed in the NFC. However, the Bucs - who pulled Brady midway through the game - fell 30-17 to the Falcons to ensure they finished 8-9. READ MORE: Houston Texans complete ultimate blunder and lose top draft pick It means Brady completes a losing season for the first time. He started in Atlanta but was pulled in the second quarter with the game tied 10-10 to avoid injury ahead of the playoffs, with backup Blaine Gabbert replacing him in vain. Earlier in the year, the Buccaneers dropped to 3-5 which condemned Brady to another unwanted milestone, as it meant he fell two games below .500 for the first time in his lengthy career. Regardless, Brady and co. stayed the course and claimed the division title to make the playoffs with a paltry losing record. Against the Falcons, Brady eclipsed his own record for most completions and Matthew Stafford’s record for most passing attempts in a single season. Even in the worst season of his career, Brady managed to secure a pair of NFL records. DON'T MISSHamlin's emotional hospital post as Buffalo Bills score on first playNFL star Damar Hamlin thanks fans for supporting him Patrick Mahomes in emotional Damar Hamlin message after cardiac arrest Brady certainly won’t let the regular season frustrations affect his preparation for the imminent playoffs. After securing the fourth seed as the division champion with the lowest record, the Buccaneers have been rewarded with a home tie against the Dallas Cowboys. The Cowboys finished with a 12-5 record and enter the playoffs amid lofty expectations, although they were soundly defeated 26-6 by the 8-8-1 Washington Commanders on Sunday. Quarterback Dak Prescott struggled immensely while defensive star Micah Parsons appeared to pick up a knock. Dallas travel to Florida to face the Buccaneers in the Wild Card round at the Raymond James Stadium on Monday Night Football next week.