Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has confirmed the club are close to unveiling Jack Butland as their first January signing. The Crystal Palace goalkeeper, who has been providing support for Vicente Guaita and Sam Johnstone in south east London is now set to become David De Gea's understudy for the rest of the season ahead of an imminent loan switch.  Ten Hag confirmed a deal was close after Butland underwent a medical on Thursday following Martin Dubvravka's return to Newcastle. He claims that while De Gea will remain No 1, United needed another experienced goalkeeper ready to slot in, should the Spaniard pick up an injury. The Dutchman said: "Martin [Dubravka] was recalled and now to set up we need three experienced goalkeepers, we have some young ones and they do well. "But we have so many games, so you need three good goalies in training but also when problems are coming you need experience in goal to get your goals, what you are aiming for." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Elaborating on United's decision to move quickly for Butland, Ten Hag added: "Last year I had a situation with Ajax we had three goalies injured, and you don't want a position that you play for trophies, and you have to put in a young keeper, you can't expect it, and also kill your season." Butland will work alongside De Gea and Tom Heaton between now and the end of the season, when he will return to Crystal Palace. It is understood that there is no permanent transfer option included within the agreement. Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has since revealed that Dubravka told the Magpies he wanted to return to Tyneside. The Slovakian shot-stopper only featured twice in the Carabao Cup for United before his loan was cut short. Butland moved to Palace in 2020 after leaving Championship side Stoke City. He made nine appearances in the Premier League last season but is yet to feature this time around for Patrick Vieira's side. The 29-year-old was considered to be a hot prospect before suffering a serious ankle injury during his time with Stoke. The goalkeeper was forced to miss Euro 2016 with the problem before he later returned to the Three Lions fold for the World Cup in Russia. United are not expected to be overly active in the winter transfer window but they are open to more opportunities. Funds are expected to remain limited this month which is why any striker that does come through the door could be on loan. Atletico Madrid attacker Joao Felix is a player of interest to United but the current demands of the deal must come down before United make their move.