King Charles is set to do as many engagements as possible this year but is likely to pull back on some commitments, according to a royal expert. Former BBC Royal Correspondent Jennie Bond revealed that the King and Queen Consort Camilla will “take a leaf out of the Queen’s book and step up their engagements”.  She told OK magazine that the King, well known for his passionate devotion to various causes when the Prince of Wales, would now increasingly pass his campaigning baton to his son Prince William. The former BBC News presenter explained that this was because of the heavier workload he now faces as King, as opposed to his time as the Prince of Wales. She said: "They will be working very hard as long as their health permits. "With the larger workload, he won’t be able to concentrate on the causes he has so vehemently in the past, so I don’t think we’ll see him out campaigning for the environment.  "But when the opportunity arises, he will try to get his message across. "I think he has handed that baton on to William now. "2023 will continue for Charles and the Royal Family with getting on with the job." Mrs Bond added that the Camillia the Queen Consort was a "vital part" of the King's ability to do his job.  READ MORE: Royal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims The former Woman's Hour producer added that the Queen Consort saw her role as a "job share" as well as a "guardian angel" to the monarch. She said: "Camilla will be working as hard as she possibly can alongside Charles and on her solo engagements. "She’s very aware that this is a shared job, a job share! She is such a support to Charles. "She’s a vital part of his ability to do his job.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed by Bethenny Frankel over latest interview [REVEAL] Prince Harry's glaring double standards on 'leaks' laid bare [INSIGHT] Royal aide who accused Meghan of bullying is given New Year Honour [SPOTLIGHT] "She’s not just tagging along, she is a very important part of those engagements – she is his guardian angel, his strength." In a statement Buckingham Palace said that the King's coronation will reflect reflect traditions while looking towards the future. They said: "The ceremony will see His Majesty King Charles III crowned alongside the Queen Consort. "The coronation will reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in long-standing traditions and pageantry." 