Chinese zodiac, or shengxiao, is represented by 12 zodiac animals. In order, they are the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig. The year 2023 is the Year of the Rabbit, which starts from January 22 this year until February 9, 2024. Ahead of the Chinese New Year celebrations, astrologers took a closer look at each of the zodiac signs, explaining their personality traits in detail and predicting what's in store for them this year. The Dragon is the fifth of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals. The next dragon year is 2024, starting from February 10, 2024, and ending on January 28, 2025. Past years of the Dragon have included 1940, 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000, and 2012. According to astrologers at Chinese Highlights, the Chinese dragon is the most vital and powerful beast in the Chinese zodiac. However, Dragons also have an infamous reputation for being a hothead and possessing a sharp tongue. READ MORE: Meghan's gesture 'totally goes against what she's saying' says expert Personality traits The Dragon is the sole imaginary animal among the 12 Chinese zodiac animals and, in ancient times, people thought that Dragons were best suited to be leaders of the world with their character traits of dominance and ambition. Chinese Highlights' astrologers continued: "Gifted with innate courage, tenacity, and intelligence, Dragons are enthusiastic and confident. They are not afraid of challenges, and willing to take risks. "However, Dragons are sometimes regarded as aggressive, and angry Dragons are not open to criticism. "They don't consider themselves irritating and arrogant. Instead of following tradition, they strive for a smooth future." Lucky numbers and colours The Dragon's lucky numbers are one, six, and seven, while their lucky colours are gold, silver, and grayish white. According to astrologers, Dragons should avoid the numbers three and eight, as well as the colours blue and green. Predictions Looking at the year ahead, astrologers have predicted what's in store for Dragons as the year progresses. READ MORE: Princess Charlene is a 'permissive parent' unlike 'authoritarian' Kate They said: "Dragons, your fortunes will be affected by some opposition to Tai Sui (the Age Star), but there is no need to worry too much, because you will also be taken care of by lucky stars this year. "With the help of lucky star Yue De, your career development will be smooth sailing. "Your zodiac-ordained financial path will develop in a good direction, especially in the area of earnings, which will be significantly improved. "Single Dragons, you will encounter many setbacks in the process of interacting with the opposite sex, and you will easily feel disheartened about the prospects of marriage. Dragons who have a romantic partner, your relationship will be relatively flat this year, especially between husbands and wives, and there will often be quarrels over small things in life." Love Each animal sign has its unique characteristics and some signs get on with each other better than others. The Dragon is most compatible with the Rat, the Monkey, or the Rooster, while it is least compatible with the Dog. Careers Astrologers have listed the best suited careers for Dragons, including: journalist, teacher, teacher, lawyer, engineer, architect, broker, and sales person. They added: "Dragons like to embrace challenges and take risks. Jobs that allow them to test themselves are good choices."