The estranged half-sister of the Duchess of Sussex blasted Prince Harry during an interview with GB News' Dan Wootton, describing the Duke as "emotionally underdeveloped" following the release of his new explosive memoir, Spare. It comes among several scathing remarks made by Samatha Markle on the show. In his new book, Prince Harry made several explosive revelations about himself and members of the Royal Family including detailing a physical altercation with his brother, Prince William. Appearing on GB News’ Dan Wootton Tonight show on Wednesday, Samantha Markle, 58, accused Harry of not being able to “think like an adult”. She said: "‘I think he [Harry] is lacking in empathy, remorse, and shame. “He is showing a clear disconnect with reality and is so emotionally underdeveloped that he can’t move on from this stage where he has resentment over a whole host of issues".  She said she doesn't believe Harry can "act like an adult" as she doesn't think he "emotionally is one". The Duchess' estranged sister went on to accuse Harry of playing “an attention game” before calling him a “loose cannon”. She added: “It’s really par for the course that he’s behaving in this bitter and delusionary way." Host Mr Wootton probed Samantha's opinions of Harry's book, claiming that he didn't seem to shown any "compassion" towards Meghan's family. READ MORE: Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice back to work days after Harry book  Samantha replied: "You know, that’s water under the bridge. “Coming from someone who would treat Her Majesty the Queen when she was in failing health and Prince Philip and the entire British Royal Family with such disregard, I wouldn’t expect any sympathy or compassion towards our family." She also claimed Harry should go to therapy as he is "under-developed" and stuck at an "adolescent stage of resentment". Her scathing remarks come following a tirade of other comments made in the past about the couple.   Following its release in December, Samantha told Channel Seven's Sunrise: "It is so much rhetoric at this point, and so many lies have been thrown out there, debunked, and yet still there is this repeated need to push this narrative." Samantha also previously had her Twitter account suspended after being accused of having 12 accounts that directed trolling messages towards Meghan. At the time, Christopher Bouzy, the founder and CEO of Twitter analytics Bot Sentinel said: "Samantha had her account suspended and then we sent Twitter a list because she had, like, 11 additional accounts. And we were baffled by this. How can the half-sister of Meghan be part of a hate group?" Samantha's attorney, however, claimed she never had her account suspended but instead "hacked," resulting in "imposter accounts" made by third parties to defame his client.