Novak Djokovic has been accused of “playing up” his hamstring injury at the Australian Open. The Serb has reached the second week despite needing multiple medical time outs across his first three matches. Aussie tennis legend Todd Woodbridge accused the fourth seed of using some theatrics in relation to the ongoing issue with his thigh, while claiming that he had appeared “agitated” on the court at times. Djokovic has been carrying a hamstring injury for more than two weeks after he first tweaked the muscle during his Adelaide International semi-final. The world No 5 recently revealed that the problem had been so significant that he was almost forced to withdraw ahead of the Aussie Open but didn’t want to, and has since continued to fight in the draw while requiring treatment on his thigh. The nine-time champion in Melbourne raised concerns when he claimed the issue was “not good at all” following his second-round match and reiterated that there were times that his hamstring felt “really bad” in his third-round tie, but Todd Woodbridge appears to disagree. The 16-time men’s doubles Major champion admitted that he thought Djokovic was dramatising the injury at times as he said the Serb was moving just fine during rallies. “It looks a bit dodgy between points but once he starts running there is absolutely no problem with how he is moving,” Woodbridge told WWOS. The retired player-turned-pundit did believe that there was an injury but didn’t think it was more than a “niggle”, claiming that it was what Djokovic did to get fired up. JUST IN: Ben Shelton brushes off awkward Aus Open question after historic win   "I'm not saying it's gamesmanship, it's pretty obvious he has a bit of a niggle, but at times it looks like it's about to snap off, so he's playing it up nicely here and there, but you know, that's Novak,” he continued. “Novak uses that type of energy to focus, to fire up and we've seen him use the crowd in the same way sometimes. And that's just the way he does it and we've been watching it for a long time now.” The 21-time Grand Slam champion’s campaign continues with a fourth-round clash against home hope Alex de Minaur. The pair have never met on the match court, and Woodbridge thought the 22nd seen could capitalise on what he thought were signs that Djokovic had been left feeling troubled in his previous rounds. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios shares rude photo as star undergoes knee surgeryRaducanu's ex-coach thwarted by old charge as another row kicks offEmma Raducanu 'reviewing her body' and draws up six-month plan “That hamstring and the concentration of Novak, that's the one thing that hasn't been absolutely perfect," he explained. “He has dropped a set, he has been getting agitated, and so, how do you get him agitated? Well that will be up to Alex to work it out. “It's a great opportunity for Alex to go out and make a huge name for himself in front of his home audience. It's going to be really hard though ... [Djokovic is] not playing as well as we've seen him play but he's still playing very well. For Alex, he's just got to take a chance, you've got to go for it, you've got to put everything on the line. There's nothing to lose.” 