During the winter months, skin can become dull and dry, but skincare expert and enthusiast Scott McGlynn has a secret weapon to combat the cold weather. Scott, who shares his skincare tips and tricks on Instagram with an audience of 265K followers, said he often turns to fake tan to add a "lovely glow". However, he advises against using your usual body false tanning solution on your face. Scott said: "Fake tan for the face will keep your skin glowing this winter." He continued: "A question I get a lot is what fake tan do you use on your face? I do not put body fake tan on my face. "I use separate products for the face for fake tan that means you don't break out, your skin doesn't go dry, it doesn't go green or pink, it gives you that lovely glow." His top recommendation is the Tan Luxe Illuminating Self-Tanning Drops which won a Best in Beauty award from the Allure Beauty Experts. READ MORE: Dermatologist’s ‘anti-ageing’ tip to take 'eight years off your face' "What you would do is you would add these drops into a moisturiser and depending on how many drops you want to put in the darker you go," explained Scott. "I love this." The Tan Luxe Drops can be purchased in a light to medium shade or a medium to dark shade, and are described as "a revolutionary tailor-made tanning system that works in synergy with your existing skincare routine, transforming your favourite moisturiser, serum or oil into a custom self-tanner." The face tanning drops retail for £36.00 on the Tan-Luxe website, although a 15ml bottle is currently on sale for £14.25 from Cult Beauty. If you prefer to use a fake tanning cream on your face, Scott recommends the Tan-Luxe The Créme. DON'T MISS'I'm a skin expert and I absolutely love this £4 high street cream' [INSIGHT]Eating oily fish will take years off your age and transform your skin [EXPLAINER]'How I aged in reverse - four essential anti-ageing tips' [COMMENT] "This is a new product I've been trying for a few weeks now. It is a moisturiser," he explained. "So, a lot of people don't like serums or mixing it up with serums. It is an all-in-one product and I absolutely love this one right now." The Créme is described as an "intensely hydrating self-tanning moisturiser powered by proprietary Penta-Cell Complex of amino acids, antioxidants and skin-identical lipids that help support daily barrier function, fight the effects of environmental aggressors and leave skin with a sunkissed glow." The product retails at £39.00 for a 65ML bottle, but Cult Beauty is offering a discounted price of £29.95 at the time of writing. Finally, Scott recommends the GLOW20 Facial Tan Serum from James Read. The product is vegan and claims to use "100 percent naturally derived products". Scott said: "This one is a face serum and it has got vitamin C in here as well." A 50ml bottle of the GLOW20 Facial Tan Serum is available for £27.50 from Jamesreadtan.com. Scott also recently revealed his favourite winter skincare treatments include two high street bargains which both retail for less than £5. Scott recommended Primark's Nourishing Face Moisturiser, which costs a purse-friendly £4. Scott said: "This Primark one, a very rich and thick moisturiser, this is what the skin needs." He similarly recommends Lidl's Cien Q10 Anti-Wrinkle Day Cream, which he dubs his "trusty friend". The supermarket face cream costs just £1.49.