Camilla is undertaking her second visit of the day in the village of Lacock in Wiltshire - her home town - where she is visiting the 12th century St Cyriac's Church, the venue of her daughter Laura's wedding in 2006. The Queen Consort's rescue dogs, Beth and Bluebell, made a surprise appearance on the visit - much to the delight of royal fans. A video captured the two Jack Russell Terriers appearing overly excited as they caught a glimpse of Camilla leaving the car. The dogs yapped and attempted to bound towards her as she greeted community representatives from the town, something royal fans were quick to point out on social media. "They are so happy to see their mum," one person wrote, while another added: "They are soo sweet!!" Camilla adopted the two dogs from the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London in February 2017 and are much-loved members of the household, with King Charles also being a self-confessed dog lover. She previously spoke to BBC Radio 5 Live about her love of dogs, and said: "The nice thing about dogs is you can sit them down, you could have a nice long conversation, you could be cross, you could be sad and they just sit looking at you wagging their tail." READ MORE: Harry warned 'oversharing' in Spare has spectacularly backfired in USREAD MORE: Camilla makes emotional visit to support 'devastating' illness READ MORE: Harry warned 'oversharing' in Spare has spectacularly backfired in US In July 2022 the two rescue dogs appeared on the cover of the Country Life wearing Camilla's own pearl necklaces. This afternoon, Camilla is meeting community representatives at St Cyriac's Church and will then plant a tree as part of The Queen's Green Canopy, an initiative launched in October 2021 to mark the late monarch's Platinum Jubilee with a lasting and eco-friendly memento. She will then proceed into the village to visit local shops and speak to local residents. The Queen Consort has strong links with Lacock. Her private home - Ray Mill House - which she bought after divorcing from her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994, is located in the Wiltshire village. Moreover, Camilla's beloved daughter Laura Lopes got married at St Cyriac’s Church in 2006. Earlier today Camilla headed to Bath to visit the newly-opened offices of the Royal Osteoporosis Society (ROS), an organisation the royal has been championing for years. She appeared in high spirits as she met with staff, volunteers and people in the helpline team. READ MORE:Harry warned 'oversharing' in Spare has spectacularly backfired in USCamilla is elegant in chocolate brown as she steps out in Bath Sarah Ferguson offered royal olive branch by Camilla  The ROS, the largest national charity in the UK dedicated to improving bone health and beating osteoporosis, was formally known as the National Osteoporosis Society, with which Camilla has a long history. The now Queen Consort became involved with the organisation in 1994, after her mother died with osteoporosis. In 1997, she became patron of the organisation, a role she retained until 2019, when she launched the ROS and became its president.