Following on from the phenomenal success of The Traitors last year, the BBC has now acquired the rights to the American version. The entire series of The Traitors US recently landed on the BBC iPlayer with fans now able to get their fix of another edition of the his reality series. The American series features a mixture of members of the public and reality stars from the likes of The Bachelor, Below Deck, Big Brother and The Real Housewives of Beverley Hills. The concept remains the same with the Faithfuls trying to find and banish any Traitors to stop nightly killings. Along the way, there will be tasks with the contestants all collecting money to go towards a cash pot with all of the Faithfuls and Traitors having to work together or risk missing out. Some of the tasks between the two versions of The Traitors appear to be the same with the contestants put through the wringer both physically and mentally. Here’s a look at who is taking on hosting duties for the Stateside version of the programme. READ MORE: We looks the future of hit BBC reality series The Traitors Hollywood actor Alan Cumming is hosting The Traitors US and is no stranger to screens thanks to his roles across blockbusters such as the James Bond movie Emma, GoldenEye, X-Men 2 and the Spy Kids franchise. More recently, the 57-year-old actor has appeared in TV Shows including The Good Fights after starring as a regular in The Good Wife, Solar, Prodigal Son and Briarpatch. During his career, Alan has won an Olivier Award and a Tony as well as a slew of nominations including Emmys, Golden Globes and Screen Actors Guild Awards. The actor started off his acting career back in the 1980s in shows such as Taggart, Shadow of Stone and Take the High Road.  According to IMDb, he will next be appearing in Run, which is in post-production as well as Rhonas Who Lives by the River and Bright in a Hollow Sky which are both in pre-production. Hailing from Aberfeldy in Scotland, Alan is returning to his roots for The Traitors US which is shot in the 19th century Ardross Castle and located north of Inverness. The castle is also the home of the British version of The Traitors but there wasn’t any crossover in filming. The show is airing on Peacock in America as well as being on BBC One and BBC Three at the moment. Alan recently shared some behind-the-scenes snaps from filming on The Traitors US with his 478,000 followers. He uploaded a series of snaps and videos from the shoot, captioning the post: “The Traitors drops today in the US and the UK and so here are some moments from behind the scenes. “Becoming a psychological reality competition show host was not on my radar but I am sooo [sic] glad I was asked to do this.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [THEORY]Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy [INSIGHT] He added: “Thanks to my faithful assistant @judithglue and everyone at @studiolambert and @peacocktv for making it the best time!” Alan also shared a trailer from the show and posted the tongue-in-cheek caption: “The campest thing you will see on television this year! “Trust no one! Coming to @peacocktv on January 12th I give you…The Traitors!!!” He is currently Down Under with his cabaret show Alan Cumming Is Not Acting His Age, which started in Brisbane this month. The Traitors US is streaming on the BBC iPlayer now