The One Show host Alex Jones explained how the incident caused a mild panic when people thought King Charles and his aide had disappeared.  Recalling the hilarious yet embarrassing gaffe, she said: “I was working for an independent television company. They won a grant to become something that helped the youth in that area. “It was a very deprived area in the valleys in South Wales. The grant to create this place would help to train people in the media to give them a step up and an opportunity. “King Charles - Prince Charles at the time - was coming to open it. We were all on our best behaviour and they said, 'Right, you are to stand in reception when they come in and line up', and all the rest of it.” She continued on the How to Fail Podcast with Elizabeth Day: “This particular building was by a river and the river had a bit of a stench to it and the stench from the river would come in through the men's loo.” READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' Feeling confident and not wanting their royal guest to be uncomfortable, Alex decided to resolve what she felt was an embarrassing problem. She said: “I took the initiative and thought I'm going to lock the door because we don't want him going in there because it’s a bit smelly. “Off I went to get their key and came back and looked at the door. I thought it was fine.” On her return, Alex quickly realised something was amiss. She told the podcast host that the atmosphere changed and there was a massive sense of panic. The confused BBC one TV favourite said: “I was like, 'What's wrong?' and they said, 'We don't know where [King Charles] is, he has disappeared, Prince Charles has actually disappeared'." In their search for the then-Prince, Alex revealed that he was eventually found when they heard a tapping on the men’s loo door. She said: “I heard this knocking and I thought oh s**t! That knocking is coming from inside the men's loo. And of course, there he was in the loo. I’d locked it when he’d obviously gone in when I'd gone to get the key." Alex then recalled that the king saw the funny side of the inside of the incident, and that she felt awful because of it. DONT MISS: Dancing on Ice fans 'complain to Ofcom' over Ekin-Su's costume Stacey Solomon dons matching outfit with daughter Rose Stacey Dooley fans ‘convinced’ Strictly star has given birth She said of his reaction: “He was lovely to be fair, I mean now I’ve always got his back. He is a very nice man and he just saw the funny side of it." Alex’s hilarious revelation comes as she recently feared she was "losing" her husband as he battled with his mental health. Alex said her husband Charlie Thomas fell into a depression after becoming seriously ill with Lyme disease and viral meningitis. The mum-of-three said her partner went "downhill fast mentally" as she struggled to cope as the main breadwinner in the family. She said there was a time when she couldn't recognise her bubbly, fun husband. Alex opened up: "I was looking at him and I'm thinking, 'I'm looking and hearing somebody who's not my husband'." The TV star explained she has struggled to understand her other half's mental health struggles and has been honest with him during lengthy conversations. She commented: "He tries to explain it, and I said, 'Do you think I'm a terrible person because I don't quite get it?' "And he says, 'No, but because you're trying to get it, I love you for that'. But he said it is hard to fully understand it."