A Ukrainian teacher has described the horrifying moment a low-flying helicopter carrying top government officials crashed, killing at least 18 people and causing a “roar”, near her kindergarten as she was welcoming the children on Wednesday morning. The female teacher, while clutching the hand of one of the children from the school, told WeUkraineTV that she heard the sound of “something flying” before hearing an “explosion”. National Police Chief Ihor Klymenko said nine people on board the rotorcraft had been killed, including two children, while a further nine people on the ground were also killed.  The teacher said she had just been welcoming the children in when she saw the light emitted by the exploding helicopter. She said: “At first it sounded like something was flying. We quieted down, and then after a roar we heard an explosion. “Everyone lay down and evacuated to the shelter quickly. We managed to receive four children, and immediately their parents took them away.” The tragedy in the suburb of Brovary has caused widespread upset across Ukraine with dozens more receiving treatment in hospital.   Footage of the immediate aftermath of the crash showed the area around the kindergarten engulfed in flames as residents screamed for help. Other videos suggest the kindergarten was damaged by the crash with sections of the abandoned building disturbed by the explosions. Among those killed were Minister of Internal Affairs Denys Monastyrskyi, First Deputy Minister Yevgeny Yenin and State Secretary Yuriy Lubkovich. A further 22 people are reportedly in hospital, including 10 children. Witnesses described hearing a “strong explosion” before several buildings burst into flames. The incident occurred in Brovary, a small city 20 miles to the northeast of Kyiv, with the death toll expected to rise. READ MORE: Ukraine MP warns Putin could start 'new offensive' or seize east [REPORT]    Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the incident a “terrible tragedy” and said the pain of the losses was “unspeakable”. The Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said the crash was “a great loss for the government team and the entire state”. An investigation into the cause of the crash is now underway with the help of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU). DON'T MISS: Ukraine war 'will go on for some time' amid 'ferocious' fighting [INSIGHT] Iran branded 'accomplice' to Putin as UK and US vow to help Ukraine [REVEAL] Biden risks special relationship as Blinken says no change on Brexit [REPORT]  