Princess Beatrice, 34, has worn many exciting and memorable hats during her lifetime, with one of the most talked about hats being the one she wore to Kate Middleton's wedding in 2011. This hat was dubbed the "toilet" hat on social media and even spawned its own parody Facebook account. However, three years before this wedding, Princess Beatrice wore an even more eccentric style of hat. Princess Beatrice stole the show at the wedding of her cousin Peter Phillips and his ex-wife Autumn Kelly in 2008, wearing a bold butterfly fascinator. This hat was designed by Philip Treacy and caused quite a stir at the time among royal commentators. The blue, red and orange butterfly hat was massive and matched the colours on Beatrice's dress perfectly. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims The arrangement of multicoloured monarch butterflies in a hat had never been worn at royal weddings before, with royals normally choosing dainty and eloquent fascinators. Princess Beatrice had already shown a love for wacky hats because, in 2005, then-17-year-old Beatrice wowed royal fans when she wore a gigantic, dome-shaped purple hat to the Christmas Day church service in Sandringham. Then, famously it was at the royal wedding of Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales in 2011 that hat fever around Beatrice reached its peak. Princess Beatrice's nude Philip Treacy headpiece looked more like a sculpture than a hat.   The accessory was one of the most talked-about details of the day and saw Beatrice subjected to ridicule by some. Milliner Philip Treacy later told BBC News: "Thousands and thousands of people hated Princess Beatrice's hat! "It was an iconic hat in history. It's one of my favourite hats, it's changed perceptions of hats all over the world." While social media users mocked the piece for looking like an octopus and a Turkey Twizzler among other things, Beatrice was not perturbed by the negative feedback. READ MORE: Two very different royal homes show 2023's biggest interior trends  Instead, the Princess managed to use the hype surrounding the garment in her favour to do something good for charity. Following the royal wedding, Beatrice put the iconic piece up for auction on eBay. The hat sold for an extraordinary £81,100.01 and Beatrice donated the proceeds to charities Unicef and Children in Crisis. Beatrice commented on the auction page: "I've been amazed by the amount of attention the hat has attracted." The royal added: "It's a wonderful opportunity to raise as much money as possible for two fantastic charities. "I hope whoever wins the auction has as much fun with the hat as I have." In recent years, Beatrice seems to have toned her style down and was lavished with praise for the stylish dress she wore at her royal wedding in 2020. The dress was a 1960s Sir Norman Hartnell gown belonging to the late Queen which was tweaked to serve Beatrice on her big day. The dress was such a success with fans that it went on public display at Windsor Castle. 