Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's children will not be granted their HRH titles following the Duke's explosive media campaign, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams believes. The Duke of Sussex, 38, has made a string of allegations against the Royal Family in recent interviews and his new memoir, Spare, has shattered this prospect, claimed Mr Fitzwilliams. Harry recently told People magazine he wanted his children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, to have a relationship with the Royal Family. Mr Fitzwilliams wondered how a reconciliation would be possible at this point. "The issue of Archie and Lili and whether they see their royal cousins and if so, when, is another imponderable in this destructive circus," he told Fox News Digital. "Under the protocols laid down by George V in 1917, they should automatically be given HRHs, but it is up to the new monarch. This surely cannot happen now and not only because of a ‘slimmed down’ monarchy". READ MORE: 'Would love nothing more': Prince Harry reveals dream for Archie and Lili after royal row Since they stepped back in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex no longer hold the HRH titles. A protocol established by King George V in 1917 should mean the Sussexes' children automatically inherit the coveted titles. However, the King has the ultimate power to confer the HRH titles. A rapprochement with the Royal Family would allow his children to have a stronger relationship with his father King Charles, his brother Prince William and the rest of the royals. DON'T MISSAll flights 'grounded across US' after system failure [LATEST]Bolsonaro flees to Florida 48 hours before term ends [REPORT]Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged [INSIGHT] Harry told People magazine: "I've said before that I've wanted a family, not an institution — so of course, I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family, and they do with some, which brings me great joy." But there is increasing speculation that Harry has burned bridges with the Royal Family and that this estrangement could mean his children are not given HRH titles. In his memoir, which went on sale on Tuesday, the Duke of Sussex makes a number of controversial claims about his brother, William. He claims William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about wife Meghan, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. READ MORE: Prince Harry responds to claim he 'sold out' family by making money from private struggles Kate, Princess of Wales, does not come out unscathed either. Harry alleged Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to Meghan in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke also writes about infamous tension between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout. Buckingham Palace officials have declined to comment on any of the allegations. Prince Harry and Meghan's children have met their royal relatives in person only a handful of times over the past few years. Archie was born in May 2019 and lived for a few months at Frogmore Cottage, just a short drive away from the late Queen's Windsor Castle. He was last on British soil in June last year, when he travelled with his family across the pond to celebrate the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee. With Harry, Meghan and Archie on that occasion was also Lili, who was born in June 2021 at a Santa Barbara hospital.