Felipe Massa has claimed losing to Lewis Hamilton was “not difficult” despite missing out on winning the F1 title in heartbreaking fashion. The Brazilian added he was “disappointed” by missing out in 2008 but stressed he “couldn't do anything” to change his fate. He told Polish site Swiat Wyscigow: “It's not difficult to be honest. That message, it was normal. I mean, for sure, it was not the message I was expecting to receive. But by everything that was happening in the race, it was raining at the end, I thought everything could have been possible. “And I understood that. I mean, Lewis was in the middle of the fight, so maybe it can be good, it can be bad. Then, when he said that message, I was disappointed, but I won the race. it wasn't depending on myself; it was depending on the position behind. I couldn't do anything. I did my job in the perfect way I could." Massa was on course to secure the 2008 world championship after Hamilton struggled in the final race in Brazil. READ MORE: Mercedes admit Lewis Hamilton's car was 'bordering on dangerous' The McLaren driver appeared to lack pace and was unable to get past Sebastian Vettel to secure the points needed to win the title. However, a late rain shower turned the race on its head and gave Hamilton a lifeline. The youngster pitted in the closing stages while others stayed out. It was a gamble that eventually paid off with Hamilton passing Timo Glock for P5 on the final corner of the last lap. However, Ferrari were unaware of Hamilton's overtake and started celebrating in the garage in jubilant scenes. In a shock twist, engineers stopped partying as they realised Hamiton had achieved the points needed to pip the Ferrari star. DON'T MISSToto Wolff suggests Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's next boss [INSIGHT]Hamilton's 'contract proposal to Mercedes' sums up Verstappen view [ANALYSIS]Wolff provides update on new Hamilton contract - 'put heads together'  [COMMENT] Massa admitted the race in Brazil was the one thing he would change about his career but said missing out on the crown “didn’t change his life”. Massa added: “Actually, I don't need to change anything. I've learned a lot. Anything that happens, it happens for my learning. “I'm really enjoying many moments. I learn with the difficult moments. I enjoyed many good moments, and I think it was a great experience in my life. Nothing really I can change. For sure, if the only thing I can ask to change is one more point in 2008. But that didn't happen for a reason, and in the end, it didn't really change my life.”