The bank is sounding the alarm that fraudsters are increasing their operations on a messaging app and are successfully conning people out of their hard-earned cash. Specifically, scammers are using WhatsApp to falsely impersonate celebrities who are supposedly in difficulty. A Seal superfan lost £2,000 in a fake romance scam after an online con artist posed as the British pop legend. Réka Halasi, 41, was left bankrupt after the fraudster claimed he was in financial difficulties, despite the real artist reportedly being worth £30million. She told The Mirror: “I feel foolish. But I enjoyed our conversations and believed there was a romantic connection developing.” The fraudster had set up an Instagram account with a profile picture of the celebrity, which included a link to his genuine website. READ MORE: Virgin Money launches ‘new market-leading’ savings account offering 4.25% Réka, who is single, fell victim to the scam for over two months before realising something was wrong. She continued: “We decided we wanted to meet up in person, but he said there was a tariff of £10,195 that he needed me to lend him. “I paid £2,000 and explained that was all I could afford – but he then demanded I sell my apartment, take out a mortgage and borrow money from friends.” When she declined, the fraudster bombarded her with messages, pleading: “Sell some jewellery to get the money… my love, you have options, I know it.” READ MORE: Pensioners could save up to £282 through free NHS dental treatment - can you claim? Réka was unemployed at the time and said the experience left her “with nothing”. She added: “It was horribly difficult – I had no money left and couldn’t pay my bills.” Chris Ainsley, Head of Fraud Risk Management, Santander UK said: “We’re seeing a worrying rise in ‘celebrity-endorsed’ scams, where familiar faces are being misused on social media in order to con people out of often life-changing sums of money. “People are losing significant sums after being duped by these highly sophisticated criminals. “Always do your homework and thoroughly research any investment opportunity before moving any money - irrespective of who it is.” If someone thinks they’ve already been the victim of a WhatsApp scam, they should report it to their bank straight away. With fraud on the rise it’s vital that people are aware of the warning signs and how to stay safe. Scam victims can report questionable WhatsApp messages that have received but not acted upon, by forwarding the original message to 7726.