While inflation remains high and energy bills continue to rise, research increasingly shows pensioners to be one of the most impacted groups by the rising cost of living. However, there is help available to those who may need it and with millions worth of benefits going unclaimed, Britons are being urged to check if they may be eligible. While commenting on the state pension shortfall day, which worryingly marks the date when single retirees’ average yearly spending exceeds the annual state pension amount, Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group who carried out the research said: “Any retiree struggling for income should make sure they are claiming their full state benefits entitlement as large amounts go unclaimed every year. “Our data shows that nearly half (49 percent) of homeowners eligible for benefits are failing to claim any benefit missing out on £1,197 a year, while two in 10 (21 percent) homeowners are underclaiming with an average loss of £1,220 extra income.” There are several benefits and discounts issued by the Government that many state pensioners could be eligible for, and here are three of them. READ MORE: Pensioner, 72, boosts income by £156 per week with top-up  Attendance Allowance is a benefit for people over the state pension age who need help with personal care or supervision due to illness or a disability. This can include learning difficulties, sight or hearing impairments, mobility issues such as arthritis, or mental health issues such as dementia. People could also apply if they have difficulties with smaller, personal tasks, experience pain or need physical help. The amount eligible claimants receive is calculated based on how much help is required, not any current help the person does or doesn’t get. However, the funds don’t need to be spent on care - they can be put towards other things like bills. Attendance Allowance is paid at two rates, the lower rate and the higher rate. People who need help during the day or at night could be eligible for the lower rate, which amounts to £61.85 per week. DON'T MISS: Full list of groups eligible for £900 cost of living payment [INSIGHT]A third of Brits fear they can't afford to pay for loved one's funeral [ANALYSIS]Woman pays £10 a month on energy bills after following simple hacks [EXPLAINED]    Whereas people who need help during both the day and at night, or have a terminal illness, could be eligible for the higher rate amounting to £92.40 per week. However, from April this year, the rates will rise by 10.1 percent to £68.10 per week for the lower component and £101.75 per week for the higher component. If people think they may be eligible, they can either call the helpline on 0800 731 0122 or download a form from the Government website, here. Carer’s Allowance is a benefit distributed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and is worth up to £3,624 a year, providing significant support to those eligible. Claimants must spend at least 35 hours a week caring for someone who receives one of the following certain means-tested benefits: READ MORE: Man, 85, caring for wife with dementia charged £3k at respite centre  The claimant must have been in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years, must not be in full-time education, and cannot be studying for 21 hours a week or more. They have to also be living in England, Scotland or Wales and earn £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance, and expenses. Currently, Carer’s Allowance is paid at £69.70 per week for April 2022 to 2023 and is usually paid every four weeks. Like with Attendance Allowance, the rate will rise by 10.1 percent to £76.75 a week from April this year, equivalent to £332 a month. However, it should be noted that claiming Carer’s Allowance means the person cared for will usually stop receiving the severe disability premium paid with their benefits, as well as the extra amount for severe disability paid with Pension Credit. It may also stop them from getting reduced council tax. To check the impact that Carer’s Allowance might have on the severe disability payment, claimants are advised to contact whoever pays this benefit, which is usually the person’s local council, Jobcentre Plus, the Pension Service Helpline, or Universal Credit. If people think they are eligible to claim, they can start an application on the Government website here, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Britons aged over 60 are entitled to free prescriptions from the NHS, as well as free eyesight tests.  Depending on the person’s circumstances, they may also be entitled to NHS dental treatment, the cost of glasses or contact lenses, NHS wigs and fabric supports, as well as travel costs to receive NHS treatments. According to charity Age, people may qualify for these additional free health treatments if they or their partner is in receipt of the following benefits: To claim the free support, the person eligible will just need to show their benefit award letter to health care staff when they book or attend an appointment. To get the free prescriptions, those aged over 60 may need to show proof of age to the pharmacist. 