The Met Office has pinpointed an area of Scotland which will be caked in heavy snow today - causing major difficulties for people living and travelling in these regions. In a rare move, the forecaster has put Angus, Perth and Kinross, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, Moray and Highland areas under an amber warning which comes into force this afternoon. Residents are warned from 3pm to midnight of the chaos that may be caused by a cluster of different weather conditions - including storms, blizzards and extremely cold conditions.  It says: "Snow showers will turn heavy and prolonged at times across north Highland through Tuesday afternoon before extending southwards into Grampian on Tuesday evening. "Accumulations of 10 to 15 cm are possible in places in a short space of time and snow will be drifting in the strong to gale force north to northwesterly winds. Isolated thunderstorms are possible with lightning strikes an additional hazard. "Showers will turn more to rain or sleet around coasts later with ice developing on untreated surfaces." In terms of what to expect, it says travel delays on roads are likely - with a chance of some vehicles becoming stranded due to conditions. Cancellations to train and air travel is likely, and there is a "good chance" some rural communities could be cut off.  It also adds that power cuts are likely - with difficulty extending to mobile phone coverage too. In its advice to motorists, the forecaster adds that anyone who does plan on driving today should take extra care on the road. Meanwhile Traffic Scotland has urged people to plan ahead for journeys. Due to the time of day this snow deluge is predicted, it is not clear whether or not gritters will be able to target main routes in time. Forecasters at NetWeather say conditions will deteriorate at dusk. It said: "Snow for northern Scotland this afternoon and evening as small low pressure moves down from the Shetlands. "Conditions on the roads will deteriorate as it falls dark. Heavy snowfall with strong to gale force north westerly winds, blizzard conditions and ice." READ MORE: Double-decker bus filled with passengers crashes and flips over Looking at the bigger picture, north east Scotland is not the only region to be blighted by snow and icy conditions. There are a series of weather warnings in place throughout much of the country today, too. Rain, sleet and snow has been expected this morning in Cornwall, with the Met Office adding: "Rain, sleet and snow followed by clearing skies leading to icy stretches and some disruption to travel." Another snow and ice warning will remain in place for 12 hours - starting from noon - covering; Blackpool, Cheshire East, Cheshire West and Chester, Greater Manchester, Halton, Lancashire, Merseyside and Warrington in the north west. Then, in Northern Ireland it'll cover County Antrim, County Armagh, County Down, County Fermanagh, County Londonderry and County Tyrone. In Wales Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Isle of Anglesey and Wrexham will also be affected.  Among the advice given, people are urged to carry a winter kit in their cars to prepare for a worst case scenario of getting stuck in cold and wintry weather. Along with a spare phone charger, it says a torch is also essential. "A phone light won’t really give you visibility if you’re stuck by the side of country road in winter. A large torch with spare batteries or a wind-up torch which doesn't require battery power is essential for your vehicle," it says. Among the other items needed, the Met Office says an atlas could come in handy if the car battery dies and a smartphone does not get signal, or has limited charge. Warm clothes and blankets are essential, along with jump leads, high visibility clothing and a flask. A shovel is also recommended, with experts adding: "Unless the weather is very snowy you shouldn’t usually find deep snow on treated roads, but if you’re driving on smaller roads or there is a snowstorm or blizzard you may be surprised. With a shovel you can dig yourself out." 