Many Arsenal fans will be gutted by the news that Mykhaylo Mudryk will be joining Chelsea instead of their club. Some thought it was almost a foregone conclusion that the Ukraine star was going to sign for the Gunners and they were looking at who Mikel Arteta could sign next. You can't blame Arsenal fans for getting carried away. It has been clear since the end of the summer window that Mudryk has been the top target. The 22-year-old has repeatedly flirted with the idea of a move to the Emirates in interviews and on social media. He wanted to join Arsenal, that much is clear. Being top of the Premier League table almost halfway through the campaign will only have made his stance clearer. But the north Londoners were never prepared to pay what Shakhtar Donetsk were asking for. To be fair to Shakhtar, they have asked for £88million right from the start. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Whether that is too much of an asking price for a player who has fewer than 50 first-team appearances for the club is immaterial. Shakhtar stuck to their guns and Todd Boehly has blown Arsenal out of the water by matching those demands. There is no doubt that Mudryk would have been a top signing for the Gunners. They need reinforcements in attacking areas and cannot rely on Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka to be fit for every game. The 0-0 draw with Newcastle earlier this month showcased the clear lack of options off the bench available to Arteta. But is it wise to smash the club's transfer record on a player who is nowhere near a guaranteed starter? Martinelli and Saka are two of the most exciting young wingers in Europe. Many teams would move heaven and earth to have one of them at their club, and Arsenal have both. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in privateMan Utd have signed another Nani as chiefs come to transfer realisation  If and when their contract situations are sorted, they are set to be guaranteed starters for the foreseeable future. What is remarkable is that Saka already has over 150 first-team appearances to his name, and Martinelli surpassed 100 earlier this season. They are both 21, younger than Mudryk, but are already relatively experienced in the Premier League. They have been two of the standout players for the Gunners this season, contributing high on both the goals and assists charts for the club. Arteta knows he needs further depth up top and will be hoping to secure a late addition or two. But Arsenal will stop short of spending £88m on a player who wouldn't even start in this current side. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 