Prince Harry has been warned his bitter rift with Prince William is "beyond repair" after being accused of a "direct attack" against his brother and wife Kate Middleton. The Duke of Sussex's controversial book, Spare, is now on sale and sees him launch a series of accusations against the Royal Family, including bombshell claims against the Prince and Princess of Wales. He claims William physically attacked him during a heated argument in 2019 about his wife Meghan Markle, before his older sibling returned a short while later and apologised. Harry alleged Meghan upset Kate by saying she must have "baby brain" in the days leading up to his wedding to Meghan in 2018, adding the Princess of Wales demanded an apology and William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her "rude". The Duke of Sussex also writes about the infamous fight between Meghan and Kate during a bridesmaids' dress fitting for Princess Charlotte, claiming he found his wife "on the floor" in tears after the fallout. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, believes William will see his brother's book as a "knife in the back" and that there is "no going back from this". He told Express.co.uk: "Prince William will feel hugely betrayed by this book. This memoir is not only an attack on the monarchy and Royal Family, but also a direct attack on William and Kate. "Harry has behaved in an absolutely shocking manner. This is an astonishing betrayal of Prince William, who will see his brother's book as a knife in the back "The relationship between Harry and William is now irreparably damaged and there is no going back from this." But despite what Mr Gardiner claimed are "relentless attacks" from Harry, he believes William and Kate's popularity and standing will be further "enhanced" as the British public rally around the couple. He continued: "Harry's memoir will make William's young family even stronger. These relentless attacks from Harry have further increased and enhanced the popularity and standing of the Prince and Princess of Wales, as well as their young family. READ MORE: William shrugs off Harry's claims as he's seen for first time in 2023 "They will be in an even stronger position in the wake of the memoir and the British public has rallied around the Prince and Princess of Wales. "If Harry's intention was to undermine his brother, it has massively failed in every respect." Mr Gardiner also believes the late Princess Diana would have been "absolutely horrified and appalled by Harry's accusations and attacks against his own brother". He added their mother would have been "deeply disappointed in the stance Harry has taken" with the claims in his book. DON'T MISSLoved-up Zara and Mike Tindall 'living the dream life' in new photos [PICTURES]Police rage at Harry as they order him to 'stop slagging off' Wills [LATEST]Harry advised Meghan wear 'little make-up' to meet King Charles [COMMENTS] In the days leading up to the global release of his book, Harry has appeared in a series of interviews which has seen him speak about his book, the British press and his relationship with the Royal Family. During an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby that aired on Sunday evening, the duke claimed it would be "fair" to say William and Kate did not hit it off with Meghan from the "get go". Asked for the reason was, he responded: "Lots of different reasons ... I had put a lot of hope in the idea that it'd be William and Kate and me and whoever. "I thought the four of us would bring me and William closer together, we could go out and do work together, which I did a lot as the third wheel to them, which was fun at times but also, I guess, slightly awkward at times as well. "I don't think they were ever expecting me to get ... into a relationship with someone like Meghan who had a very successful career." Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have both so far not commented on the claims made by Harry over recent days. Earlier today, William shrugged off the claims from Harry and showed he is focused on his royal duties after being spotted leaving the grounds of Windsor Castle in a car he shares with his wife Kate. This marked the first time the Prince of Wales has been seen in public since his younger brother's bombshell book went on global sale on Tuesday. The pictures show William, sitting next to Kate in the back seat of the car, looking relaxed and smiling as he is seen through the window of the vehicle. Kate also appeared in high spirits, as she was photographed smiling softly, after she was pictured for the first time on Wednesday since the release of Harry's book. The outing came just two days after she celebrated her 41st birthday, although the big day was not marked by Kensington Palace with the release of a new picture nor with a public statement.