The UK is reportedly considering sending the Ukrainian military a shipment of Challenger-2 tanks to bolster the resistance against Russian forces. The move would be the first of its kind and significantly increase western support which could prompt NATO allies to step up. But do you think the UK is doing enough to support Ukraine? Vote in our poll. Discussions about delivering British tanks have been taking place “for a few weeks” according to a western source with knowledge of the conversations reported by Sky News. A former colonel in the British Army Philip Ingram MBE said the move would likely encourage other western militaries to donate tanks to Ukraine. He told Express.co.uk: “The UK stating they could supply Ukraine with up to 10 Challenger 2 tanks is a game changer for Ukraine's military capability. It is as much a political measure as it is provision of military capability as it will likely stimulate other NATO members to contribute Main Battle tanks and in particular Leopard 2.” He continued: “These combined with the recently announced Marder and Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles will give the Ukrainians a real capability that has a proven ability to overmatch anything the Russians have and will be taken by Russia as a significant escalation. Whilst the UK has very few tanks they are one of the most capable platforms on the battlefield.” READ MORE: Britain sending 'game changer' Challenger 2 tanks to fight Russia The UK Government has already committed to match or exceed last year’s aid to Ukraine's military in 2023. This means at least £2.3 billion will be given in support in addition to hosting a programme with allies to support the training of 10,000 new and existing Ukranaian fighters every 120 days. A Government spokesperson said: “We will continue to build on recent donations with training and further gifting of equipment.” The next meeting of the Contact Group for the Defense of Ukraine led by the US involving some 50 nations including the UK is due to meet on January 20 to discuss the military situation in Ukraine and the coordination of further support. Decisions about sending tanks could be announced at the same time. So what do YOU think? Is the UK doing enough to help Ukraine? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.