Manchester United have agreed a deal with Cardiff City for youngster Gabriele Biancheri, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is keen to plan for the future over at Old Trafford. But while the youngster is poised to move to the Premier League, fans shouldn’t expect him to be starting matches right away. Manchester United have signed two players so far as the close of the January transfer window creeps closer. Jack Butland was the first to arrive, with the goalkeeper touching down from Crystal Palace on loan following Martin Dubravka’s return to Newcastle. And United then moved to land Wout Weghorst, with the striker joining on loan from Benfica having spent the first half of the season on loan at Besiktas in Turkey. Now, according to The Athletic, United have agreed a deal with Cardiff for striker Biancheri. The 16-year-old has played for Wales at under-17 international level and is also eligible to play for England and Italy. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s claimed the teenager conducted a medical at the club over the weekend and is poised to pen a scholar contract. He’ll then proceed to pen a long-term deal when he turns 17 in September, too. And while United don’t need to do a deal before Tuesday’s transfer deadline, it’s claimed they’ve ‘acted decisively’ to secure a player who was ‘on the radar for a number of leading clubs’. As things stand, it looks like United won’t be signing anybody else before the transfer window slams shut. There’s been talk of a midfielder potentially arriving, especially in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury blow. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Eriksen limped out of their 3-1 win over Reading on Saturday night, at a time where the club are already without Donny van de Beek. Marco Reus and Youri Tielemans, of Borussia Dortmund and Leicester City respectively, have been linked with moves to United. However, the report adds no more incomings are likely within the next 24 hours or so. Speaking at the start of the month, meanwhile, Ten Hag slammed United’s recruitment in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. “Manchester United didn't exactly have the fear factor last season,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There was no spirit. I saw no team dynamic in the squad. “The mental resilience was very low. I saw that as an outsider - and also noticed it in my first weeks at the club. “I looked at the culture of the club. I asked: 'How did Manchester United become great?’ “The club has bought an unimaginable number of players in recent years who have not been good enough. Most purchases have been average - and at United average is not good enough. “United's shirt weighs heavily. Only real personalities, who can perform under great pressure, can play here.” And Ten Hag, before the win over Reading, said United must ‘go for it’ should any late transfer opportunities arise. "In the coming days, should we have an opportunity, I would go for it but it's not only up to me,” he said. “I think that always has to be the approach at this club. “Every day you have to get better so if there are opportunities to get better then you have to strike, that's my approach. I'm looking, doing research, I have an idea and have profiles to strengthen the squad."