The kindest thing anyone can say about Prince Harry is that he has gone mad. His sad inability to get over his mother’s death and his preoccupation with mental health tend to confirm this. It has left him utterly self-obsessed, hypersensitive, shameless and incapable of seeing the damage and danger he is doing to himself, his immediate family and the wider Royal family. Unfortunately, he has fallen in with a bad lot who are bent on exploiting his affliction for filthy lucre. They know they are on to a good thing because gossip and scandal – especially of the Royal variety – are what makes the world go round for many people. It could be argued that In this way we are all guilty of a form of cruelty. There ought to be a law against it. Never was a truer word said than when someone uttered “Some mothers do ‘ave ‘em”. They do indeed. After all, Queen Elizabeth II had the Duke of York. It is only fair to say that “Randy Andy’s” activities, though still damaging, were as nothing compared with Prince Harry’s compulsion to hurt his family. He is supposed to have therapists in tow. All I can say is that the time is long overdue for them to prove their ability to heal the sick and persuade the Duke forever to hold the peace they are supposed to bring him. I live in hope. I think I have rather higher expectations of the Government if only out of political necessity, to remedy the yawning gap in its credibility, though whether it will do it in time is another matter. I refer to Rishi Sunak’s pledge to reduce spending. As I understand it, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt intends to get things back on an even keel in five years. That may be optimistic since a Tory Government had not quite tidied things up after the 2008-09 crash and Gordon Brown’s £153bn budget deficit when hit by the £400bn pandemic 10 years later and then Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. But until we have our finances back under control we are at the mercy of world events, limited in the response we can afford and handicapped in putting right all the defects in our social fabric.  We are, in short, a nation crippled by debt. The national debt is now running around £2.5trillion (thousand billion), roughly what the nation produces in a year, and costing around £100bn a year to service – twice the defence budget. Without drastic cuts in spending and a vigorous economy campaign to eliminate waste, you can kiss goodbye to any responsible tax cuts. We all have a vested interest in a balanced budget. But so far – and this is the sore on the fair face of Government – we have heard precious little as to how the Government proposes to economise. Without a clear public understanding as to how it intends to cut its cloak according to the available cloth, it might as well be talking to the birds. Public pledges are meaningless without explaining how they will be achieved. Let me remind you that Boris Johnson proposed to cut the Civil Service by 91,000 over three years. And that was the last we heard of it. Meanwhile, the Civil Service’s response had been to show a marked reluctance to return to normal working after the pandemic even though public services are the subject of continual public complaint. And then there is “The Blob” – the mandarinate – widely reported to be frustrating Ministers’ policies, especially over Brexit de-regulation. The machine needs – and deserves - a sharp kick up the backside just as the people need 91,000 fewer layabouts.  It is not as though Mr Sunak does not know where to start. It is claimed that the total staff in No 10 is now 400, more than three times the size of Margaret Thatcher’s team at her busiest. Until we see a drastic pruning of that monstrosity – how do they fit them all in? – accompanied by other bloated Ministerial teams incredulity rather than credibility will greet the Government’s every pious pledge. This is urgent. A general election approaches. If the Government goes into it without any credibility about its economic plans, it will surely lose, even if the Opposition is in reality just as vacant. My message to No 10 is practice what you preach. Mrs Thatcher did with great effect. 