On board, the doomed flight were 72 people, including 15 individuals from foreign countries and four crew members. Emergency services are searching for any last survivors amid reports authorities on the scene are "losing hope" of finding any more passengers alive. Nepal’s civil aviation authority has reported at least one infant among the fatalities. Hundreds of Nepalese soldiers are currently at the crash site, located near the Seti River, to assist with rescue efforts. READ MORE: Bloody standoff in Bakhmut branded 'masterclass in war'   The aviation authority reported the plane made contact with the airport from Seti Gorge at 05:05AM GMT. "Then it crashed." The Prime Minister of Nepal has called for an emergency meeting with his cabinet and for state agencies to focus on rescue operations. Among the passengers were 53 Nepalese citizens, Five Indians, Four Russians, Two Koreans, and one person each from Ireland, Australia, Argentina, and France. A local eyewitness told Reuters: "Half of the plane is on the hillside "The other half has fallen into the gorge of the Seti river." "The plane is burning," added police official Ajay K.C. Pokhara, located 125 miles west of Kathmandu, is the gateway to the Annapurna Circuit, a popular hiking trail in the Himalayas. It was not immediately clear what caused the plane to crash. Nepal has had a spotty air safety record. DON'T MISS British aid workers in Ukraine vanish in rescue bid [INSIGHT]Russian military planes spotted in Belarus ahead of 'joint exercises' [ANALYSIS]Putin warned Russia's only aircraft carrier in 'state of emergency' [INSIGHT]  Last year, 22 people died when a plane crashed on a mountainside in Nepal. In 2018, a US-Bangla passenger plane from Bangladesh crashed on landing in Kathmandu, killing 49 of the 71 people aboard. In 1992, all 167 people aboard a Pakistan International Airlines plane were killed when it plowed into a hill as it tried to land in Kathmandu. Nepal is home to eight of the world’s 14 highest mountains, including Mount Everest.