The BBC Breakfast meteorologist had just finished giving a weather update when presenters Jon Kay and Sally Nugent started chatting to her about the show's 40th anniversary on Tuesday. Admitting she was "excited" to join her colleagues in the studio rather than via video link, the 60-year-old asked Jon if he'd managed to track down the old BBC sofa he'd been trying to find, but was refused an answer. After updating viewers on the latest forecast, Jon told Carol: "I hope it's not too chilly for you as you head to Salford for our party tomorrow!" "I know," the weather presenter replied. "I can't wait, it'll be lovely to be with you in the studio!" "Have you got a party hat?" Jon asked, to which Sally added: "She's got several." "Yes," Carol confirmed, laughing, as Sally demanded: "Bring it, Carol, bring it!" READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy "Looking forward to it very much," Carol enthused. "And Jon, did you ever find the sofa?" As Sally commented: "Ooohh," Jon admitted: "Well, I'm not going to tell you right now." Carol seemed surprised as she remarked: "Oh, tease!" Jon whispered: "But it's looking good!" which left Sally as taken aback as Carol had been.  "Have you really?" the co-host asked, shocked. "Hang on, so you've just told Carol and everybody at home and I've been asking you for days if you've found the sofa!" "I said it's looking good," Jon pointed out. "I didn't tell her anything." Clearing things up for BBC viewers, Jon explained: "What are we talking about? Well, tomorrow is Breakfast Television's birthday! "40 years ago tomorrow, the 17th January 1983 was the day when Breakfast Time, as we used to be called, was first aired." DON'T MISS... EastEnders return for Robbie Jackson as fans spot telling clue [LATEST]Alan Sugar confirms future of The Apprentice after 20 years [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders fans baffled over major plot hole as Harvey moves in [REACTION] Sally continued: "Now, to celebrate our 40th birthday, we'll be taking a trip down memory lane." As archive footage of the early episodes were shown, presenters could be seen sitting on a red leather sofa as they presented in the 1980s. "Look at that!" Sally gasped. "With some special guests and a large dose of nostalgia." "And you know that red sofa? The original red leather sofa," Jon stated.  "I said on air a couple of weeks ago, 'I wonder where it is, where did the sofa end up?' "And lots of you got in touch with me on social media to ask, 'Haven't you got anything better to do in your life,' but..." A photo then depicted Jon placing his hand on a similar-looking sofa. "That's my hand," he confirmed to Sally. "I'm not going to confirm yet whether we found it, but we've found something and I'm going to explain tomorrow morning," he teased. BBC Breakfast airs on weekdays from 6am on BBC One.