Chelsea and Manchester United have both been active in the January transfer market as they look to aid Graham Potter and Erik ten Hag by bolstering their forward options. The Blues announced that Joao Felix would be moving to Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, while the Red Devils are close to sealing a deal to bring Burnley’s towering forward Wout Weghorst to Old Trafford. With both clubs boosting their frontlines, Express Sport has looked at which team is getting the better deal. Felix has struggled recently, as the Portuguese forward has scored just four times in 20 appearances in all competition for Atletico Madrid, though he has had a fractured relationship with Diego Simeone and the boss is notoriously a defensive-minded coach. On loan at Besiktas from Burnley this season, Weghorst done better, scoring eight goals in 16 Super Lig games, and he also had a stellar goalscoring rate at Wolfsburg before making the move to England. The Netherlands striker moved to Burnley a year ago to replace Chris Wood, but scored just two goals in 20 appearances and struggled to adapt to the Premier League. Felix got 15 league goals in 26 games in his breakthrough Benfica season, but has failed to score double-digits in La Liga in his four seasons. Felix may have more of an all-around game, but Weghorst’s time in Germany and Turkey has shown that he has the capability to score goals. VERDICT: Weghorst While Weghorst may have the upper hand in pure goalscoring, Felix has more to his game than simply finding the back of the net. The 24-year-old can play in multiple positions across the frontline while Weghorst can only line up as the number nine and Felix is able to create more chances for his team-mates. Not to discredit Weghorst’s ability to open up the game through his aerial ability, as his towering nature forces defenders to watch him closely and the game can open up for his team-mates, as the likes of Marcus Rashford and Antony will benefit from his presence. However, Felix’s creativity on the ball sways this category in his favour. VERDICT: Felix Weghorst got his chance to shine on the big stage as recently as last month, as he came off the bench in a World Cup quarter-final to score twice against Lionel Messi’s Argentina and send the game to a penalty shoot-out. But besides that cameo for his country, Weghorst has struggled in the Premier League and never played a Champions League game. Felix, however, has been playing European football throughout his career and has often made a positive impact in those games for Atletico. He has seven Champions League goals for the Spanish side and Chelsea will be hoping he can continue in the same vein this season. VERDICT: Felix READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues worrying Man Utd prediction after Southampton humbling Chelsea have reportedly paid a mouthwatering £9million loan fee to bring Felix to Stamford Bridge and also covered his entire salary of £250,000-a-week, without an option to buy in his contract. Felix will need to make a huge impact and potentially carry the Blues from mid-table to top four in order to make that spend for four months of the forward to be worthwhile. United, meanwhile, are set to pay in the region of £2.7m to cancel Weghorst’s loan with Besiktas and bring him to Old Trafford, and even if they do cover his entire wage it would be significantly less than Felix’s. The 30-year-old is more likely to pay back the fee than Felix and has the edge in this category. VERDICT: Weghorst Already into his thirties, Weghorst is unlikely to make a long-term impact at United even if he is signed permanently following his loan. Felix on the other hand is 24 and although there is no option for Chelsea to buy the forward, has a chance of becoming a mainstay at Stamford Bridge for several years. Atletico may be willing to sell Felix at the end of the season depending on their situation, and he could spearhead Potter’s attack, while there is more of a chance that Weghorst at United is just a stop-gap to see United through until the end of the season. VERDICT: Felix While both signings have their merit, Felix is more likely to come into the Chelsea side than Weghorst is at United, where he would need to displace Anthony Martial. The Blues have paid an extortionate fee for Felix that neither United nor Arsenal were willing to spend, but he does have more of a chance at succeeding in the Premier League this season than his Manchester counterpart. VERDICT: Felix