Elena Rybakina paid tribute to the president of the Kazakhstan Tennis Federation during her Australian Open runner-up speech after he flew in to attend the final. The 23-year-old has previously been held to her Russian roots after being born and raised in Moscow before she switched allegiances back in 2018. But she silenced those who continue to claim she is Russian with a shout-out to Kazakhstan. Rybakina reached her second Grand Slam final in less than seven months at the Australian Open but was unable to get the win this time around, having been crowned the Wimbledon champion last year. The world No 25 was defeated by Aryna Sabalenka 3-6 6-4 6-3 but was in good spirits after her victory as she congratulated the 24-year-old and also paid tribute to her supporters. "First I would like to congratulate Aryna," the three-time title winner said in her speech. "Of course with a title and with a great start of the season - Adelaide and here. I know how hard you've worked for that and also your team so congratulations and good luck for the rest of the season, hopefully we're going to have many more battles." The Aus Open finalist then turned her attention to her own team as she thanked her coach, family and sponsors before turning her attention to her nation. "The president of our Kazakhstan Federation is here so thank you so much for the support," she added. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos Tsitsipas  Watch the Australian Open men's final live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport from 8am on Sunday It comes as something of a significant comment given the fuss made over Rybakina's Russian roots when she won Wimbledon. The world No 25 lifted the trophy last year after Russian and Belarusian players - including Sabalenka - were banned from competing by the All England Club. While Rybakina has represented Kazakhstan for almost five years and decided to switch long before the war in Ukraine prompted any sanctions for Russian players, a lot was made of the 23-year-old's roots given the backdrop of the All England Club's ban while Russia attempted to claim her as their own. But the Wimbledon champion had previously explained her decision to switch allegiances in the years before her run to the title at SW19, explaining that the Kazakh federation gave her huge support compared to her country of birth. DON'T MISSNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retireAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioningNovak Djokovic makes Aus Open request to father after controversy  "For me, as I said on the previous interviews, I'm playing for Kazakhstan very, very long time. I represent on the biggest tournaments, Olympics, which was dream come true," the three-time title winner said during Wimbledon, after Russians attempted to claim her victory as theirs. "I don't know what's going to happen. I mean, it's always some news, but I cannot do anything about this. From my side I can only say that I'm representing Kazakhstan. I didn't choose where I was born. People believed in me. Kazakhstan supported me so much." The Kazakh tennis president's gesture of flying in for the Australian Open final proves Rybakina's point of the level of support she has received since changing allegiances, and her shout-out to her new home nation will silence any doubters who believe she represents Russia. 