What looked eminently edible to the untrained eye of an infant as it crawled around playgrounds or gardens was sometimes, at best, an insect. Sometimes, in parks frequented by busy dog walkers, it could be much worse. Fast we learnt not to eat stuff of the floor - bugs or otherwise. However, in our fast changing world and out of nowhere seemingly, what would have seemed outlandish only a few years ago is now on the menu. Indeed, only last week, the European Union passed regulation 2023/5. It allows partially defatted powder of the house cricket (Acheta domesticus) into the food chain for human consumption. From this month, the regulation makes clear that cricket powder can be added to the following: “multigrain bread and rolls, crackers and breadsticks, cereal bars, dry pre-mixes for baked products, biscuits, dry stuffed and non-stuffed pasta-based products, sauces, processed potato products, legume- and vegetable- based dishes, pizza, pasta-based products, whey powder, meat analogues, soups and soup concentrates or powders, maize flour-based snacks, beer-like beverages, chocolate confectionary, nuts and oilseeds, snacks other than chips, and meat preparations, intended for the general population”. The regulation is effective inside the European Union and, unforgivably, Northern Ireland due to the treasonable eponymous protocol. The first thing to note is that at a European Union level, regulation can be passed without being ratified by any of the 27 national parliaments remaining in the benighted organisation. Regulations are imposed (not debated) by the European Commission. In this case, the powdered bug was imposed into the food chain of around half a billion people without debate. Of course there would have been some discussions but these would have taken place behind closed doors, between regulators, lobby groups, eco-warriors bent on stripping man of his meat-eating habit, and bureaucrats, ever ready to test the boundaries of their unaccountable power. There was however no open debate in parliaments about whether full-fat or even partially defatted vermin powder was what the peoples of such a varied continent really wanted to find in their daily consumables. That would have required a Directive, thereby granting every parliament the ability to discuss and pass laws applicable within their national territory on the issue of “Bugs on the Menu”. Which elected government would have dared pass such a law? Few who had any ambition to re-election. As the European Union and its backers have found out over time: the less democracy, the less time is wasted.  Best by-pass the ballot box and impose via regulation what cannot be passed by consent in parliaments or via referendum. Steven Barrett, a barrister, notes that “it has been clear for a number of years that the EU wants you to have the choice to eat bugs. The first bugs it decided to let you eat were dried yellow mealworms.” He notes that “the choice about whether we allow bug eating or not was not made by our government – which may be why it got so little media attention”. This new European Union regulation notes that there are risks to eating cricket powder. It might cause “cases of primary sensitisation” and its scientific paper notes a risk of anaphylactic shock, defined by the National Cancer Institute as “a severe and sometimes life-threatening immune system reaction to an antigen”. But the “Commission considers that no specific labelling requirements concerning the potential of Acheta domesticus to cause primary sensitization should be included in the Union list of authorised novel foods”. In short, no warning needed for the common European Citizens. Graciously, the European Commission does accept that you, as a consumer, ought to be told that you are eating powdered bugs so it recommends that products need to be “appropriately labelled”. What does “appropriately” mean in this case? European Union citizens will just have to find out in due course. To make things even more interesting, the European Commission has given a monopoly to Cricket One Co. Lt, a group based in Chi Minh City, Vietnam, to procure the house cricket powder for the hapless EU consumer. As the regulation says “only the company Cricket One Co. Ltd is authorised to place on the market within the Union the novel food referred to in Article 1, for a period of 5 years from 24 January 2023.” Investigative journalists, you may think, might have a field day looking into what led to such a deal, who invested and when. Be that as it may, two important points need to be made: firstly, having left the European Union, we, in the United Kingdom, are not subject to such European Regulation; secondly, the granting of a monopoly for such a large geography to one corporation would have struck most of us in the United Kingdom as, at very least, eye-brow raising. For the bug eating law to be passed in our country, the issue would have to be debated in parliament and referred to our very own Food Standard Agency. Few governments would have the presumption to try to pass such a law. For those looking to the upside of our celebrated Brexit, here is one standout example of what it means to be sovereign. Unless the law changes, and this will require, parliamentary debates, we in the United Kingdom should be free, for a time, of the terrible thought that we are being fed powdered (defatted) house crickets - for the amusement of our elites. As Steven Barrett, the barrister, added “inside the EU, the political decisions were being taken, they just weren’t being noticed – and they weren’t being taken by you.” That is what “taking back control” means. Let’s have more of this.