Agent Dale Sawyer (played by Zane Holtz) was first seen in NCIS in season 18 before making a return in the previous series. He clashed with friend and fellow Agent Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) during an undercover mission but CBS fans were keen to see him become a regular character in the police procedural. Now, Agent Sawyer is back for another mission and is once again going to need Torres' help. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Agent Dale Sawyer is portrayed by Canadian actor and model Zane Holtz. Bar NCIS, he is probably best known for playing Richie Gecko in the El Rey Network series From Dusk till Dawn: The series and KO Kelly in The CW's now-cancelled Katy Keene. Some of his other roles have been in The Perks of Being A Wallflower, Hunter Killer, Make It or Break It and Beyond the Night. Most recently, Holtz was Tyler Pierce in the legal drama All Rise and Connor Avery in the TV movie Twas The Night Before Christmas. READ MORE: My 600lb Life's Erica Wall looks unrecognisable in swimsuit snap NCIS star Zane Holtz is married, having tied the knot with Chelsea Thea Pagnini back in 2014. It isn't clear how they met or how long they were together before getting hitched. Thea Pagini has her own jewellery business called Sea By Chelsea, which was "inspired by motherhood and love for the sea", according to her Instagram bio. The couple prefers to keep their family life private most of the time but it is known they share four children together. Holtz has shared a few pictures of his children and it is believed they have two boys and two girls together. His eldest daughter was voted Homecoming Queen at her school, going by his Instagram page, and his eldest son Ryder James is a musician. When it was his 16th birthday last year, Holtz described him as "talented musically". Last year, Holtz paid tribute to his wife on Mother's Day, sharing a picture of his other half wearing a "mama" necklace. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Alex and Cassandra split ‘sealed’  [THEORY]NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled [CAST] The 36-year-old wrote: "Happy Mother's day to the best MAMA I know. "Love you @sea._bychelsea "Thank you for the greatest gift of our family. "Our kids are so blessed to have you as a mother and I am just lucky I get to witness it. "Proud of you and your accomplishments!" Season 20, episode 12, Big Rig, which will feature Holtz, airs on Monday, January 23. The synopsis reads: "When an old pal of Torres' comes to him - dishevelled and bloodied - for guidance amid an undercover FBI operation and then disappears, NCIS helps track him down. "McGee prepares to be a contestant on a popular game show." NCIS season 20 is available to watch in the USA on CBS and Disney+ in the UK.