In recent months, Emmerdale's Cathy Hope (played by Gabrielle Dowling) has clashed with her dad, Bob Hope (Antony Audenshaw) on more than one occasion. It began when the youngster broke down in tears and stormed out after she auditioned to be in the village choir at Christmas. Bob is unsure of what to do with his unpredictable teenage daughter, but things will come to a head in upcoming scenes. In official spoilers released by ITV, Bernice (Samantha Giles) tries to help Cathy with her revision in the cafe. Although, Brenda (Lesley Dunlop) is left furious when Bernice leaves upset after being taunted by Cathy about the menopause. Bob is at the end of his tether as he confronts Cathy about it, but when Heath (Sebastian Dowling) tries to intervene, the schoolgirl loses it. She ends up smashing her brother's guitar before storming off confused and embarrassed. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now The next day, Bob and Brenda are shocked when they receive a call from Cathy’s school explaining she’s run out of her mock exam. Despite upsetting her, Bernice decides to help as she clocks Cathy hurrying towards Connelton. Deciding against telling Bob, Bernice catches Cathy washing her skirt in the sink. This forces Cathy to come clean about her health, telling Bernice she is suffering from really heavy periods, which is why she missed her exam. A pensive Cathy is relieved and grateful for Bernice’s support and promises to talk with Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) about ways to help manage her symptoms. Cathy also feels ashamed, and while she wants to tell her dad the truth, she ends up lying to hide her embarrassment. The following day, Cathy is honest with Manpreet about her heavy periods and relieved to have got the help she needs when the GP issues a prescription for the pill. Bob later informs Cathy she can re-sit her mock exam but she keeps her health battle a secret. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [VIDEO]Ken Bruce quit Radio 2 'over fears he was too old' [INSIGHT]Vera fans distracted by Holby City star’s appearance  [REACTION] Cathy is relieved to finally put an end to her nightmare as she swallows her first pill. But, how will Bob react when he finds out his daughter is on the pill? Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson discussed Cathy's upcoming storyline. "You get to an age with the young cast where you suddenly realise they're growing up," Jane began. "They've been off-screen for a few weeks and they appear and they're a foot taller, they're voices are deeper and you go, 'Oh my god, we need to start growing them up in the show'. "Cathy, we kept her at 15 for about three years and she eventually went, 'You do know my character is 18 now'. "And I said, 'Oh gosh, yeh, we need to grow you up'. So, you'll see a really big storyline for Cathy, Bob's daughter. "It is really emotional and it's her first big story really and it's a challenging one." "I think a lot of the parents will connect with it," she added. "And it's one I've never seen a soap do before, so Cathy has got a big one coming up." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7am on ITV.