Netflix dropped season four of Fauda recently with the show following the Israel Defence Forces in their battle against terrorists. The show is led by Mista'arvim commander Doron Kavillio (played by Lior Raz) with him and his team constantly thrown into danger. Fauda - which means ‘chaos’ in Arabic - focuses on the real-life Israel-Palestine conflict in the Middle East. The show first debuted in 2015 on the Israeli channel YES, before globally coming to Netflix. Fast-forward to 2023 and season four of Fauda has dropped on Netflix across the world with viewers binging the show. Fauda has built up a firm fanbase which eagerly follows each development and twist in the tale. Following the season four finale, which left things on a cliffhanger, viewers are clamouring for another outing which has yet to be confirmed. READ MORE: Fauda fans are worried about Gabi after he was left close to death Fauda takes its cue from reality with lead star Raz, who is also a co-creator on the show with Israeli journalist Avi Issacharoff. Speaking about the conception of Fauda, Raz appeared on Late Night With Seth Meyers in 2021 and said: “You know when I wrote it, me and Avi, my co-creator I thought - we didn’t know that I would be the actor. “Then Netflix called and asked me to be there and it was great.” Raz’s background before Fauda was a military and security one. READ MORE: Fauda fans were left on a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 4 He later decided he wanted to go into the creative field and became a writer and an actor. The star said: “I was in security, I was in the Special Forces in Israel. And then, I worked in a technology company in Israel. “One day, I met a girl, Katya, and she looked at me and and she said, ‘Why are you so sad when you’re going to work?’ “And I said, ‘I’m not sad. I’m very happy.’ And she said, ‘No, I can see in your eyes that you’re very sad. What would you do if I were to give you a billion dollars?’” Raz went on to say: “I said, ‘Of course, I’m going to be an actor.’ And she said, ‘Okay.’” He outlined how he then called the best acting school in Israel and attended it to become an actor. The actor also said he wanted to create something realistic after watching shows previously covering the conflict and was eager to tell his own story with accurate fighting and action scenes. He said of the other shows: “When you see it, it’s not right. In real life, if you have a fight it’s supposed to end in 30 seconds. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar as Angela Levin claims Meghan left Harry 'to the lions' [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [VIEWER REACTION] “But in all those shows, you have like two-minute, three-minute fights. And [when] we have it - and we tried to do it as real as we can. Also, how they do all the - how the Special Forces actually act.” Raz continued: “When I was in the Special Forces in undercover units, you have to an actor over there as well. “But you don’t have [a] second take or a third take or fourth take. You have just one take and that’s it. You’re acting for your life. It’s crazy.” Raz also told CBC in 2017 about the parallels between Doron and himself, he said: “And I was in the special forces, of course, and I did a lot of stuff in my military service that affected my family, my mother, my father. And it's the same with Doron. When you're in a war zone, you pay the price.” Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now