Arsenal are interested in signing Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby, according to reports. The Gunners have been linked with the Frenchman in the past and could reignite a potential move for the player in this window. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta still wants to sign a winger before the end of January. He missed out on top target Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea over the weekend. A host of players have since been linked with a move to the Emirates. Barcelona star Raphinha has been touted as a potential option. However, a deal for the Brazilian appears to be expensive and the player wants to stay at the Nou Camp. Sky Sports Germany claims there has been no concrete negotiations made with Barca over a deal for Raphinha, who Arsenal were keen on signing from Leeds last summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  But the same report says Diaby is a topic that is being discussed at the north London club. The 23-year-old France international would not come cheap as he still has two-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at Leverkusen. Diaby started his career at PSG before moving to the Bundesliga club in 2019. He can operate on both wings and has 43 goals and 41 assists in 146 matches in all competitions for Leverkusen, but is yet to score for his country since his debut 18 months ago. Sky do not speculate on how much Arsenal could have to pay to get Diaby in this window. However, they mention it would be an expensive deal. Clubs know Arsenal are desperate to sign a winger and were prepared to offer around £80m for Mudryk. Arteta spoke following the disappointment on Mudryk on Sunday. DON'T MISSArsenal star Jesus sends three-word message to fans after injury updateArsenal target confirms interest and opens up on dream transfer - 'I'd love that'Man Utd star Sancho’s next course of action after watching Man City win  He insists the club must remain disciplined in the transfer market. Arteta told Sky Sports: "I am happy with the players we have. "We always try to improve the squad. We have to be consistent with the targets we want. The club is the first one that is trying, but I think as well we have to have some discipline. "We can get those players [that we already have] better so let's focus on that. We had injuries which are not helpful but we go [again] tomorrow, we go day by day. "The window is open and we try to improve the team. The club is willing, they have my support and we'll try and do it together."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here