The Last of Us is just about to launch on HBO and Sky and the post-apocalyptic series stars Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey as main characters Joel and Ellie. They are travelling across the US on a mission to escape from a quarantine zone. Nico Parker plays Joel's daughter Sarah and she comes from a famous family. Joel had his 12-year-old daughter Sarah when he was in his late teens and she is the game's first playable character. Actress Nico Parker is known for her roles in The Third Day and the live-action Dumbo film. The 18-year-old watched videos of the game years before landing the pivotal role. She said she was keen to stay away from the game version of the character and interpret her in her own way. Actor Pascal said he felt an instant bond with the young star as they filmed their first scene. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums Parker is no stranger to the limelight as her parents are screenwriter Ol Parker and actress Thandiwe Newton. Ol Parker is a director, producer and screenwriter who wrote at directed the film Mama Mia! Here We Go Again in 2018. His directing credits include Imagine Me & You and Now Is Good, he also wrote The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. Thandie Newton, 50, is an award-winning actress who was appointed OBE in 2019 for her services to film and charity work. She is recognised for the films Beloved, Mission: Impossible 2, Crash and Run Fatboy Run. For her TV roles, she is recognised for starring in Westworld and Line of Duty. She and her husband have three children: two daughters, including Parker, and a son born in 2014. Newton was included in the 2019 edition of the Powerlist, ranking the 100 most influential Black Britons. DON'T MISS... The Last Of Us' Ellie star admits she thought she was 'terrible' [INTERVIEW] The Last of Us episode schedule on HBO and Sky Atlantic [EXPLAINER] Here's a look at The Last of Us star Pedro Pascal's age [INSIGHT] Parker opened up about how often viewers will see her character in the new series. Speaking to Inverse she said: "I know that we filmed stuff where it's like, you never know, but I have no idea. "I know that there's continual reminders, and I think there's a reminder that isn't in the game that's prevalent. "It sounds like I'm lying, but I have no clue.” In another interview with Variety, she admitted she would not fare well in a post-apocalyptic world. She said: "There’s an element of bravery and a grown-up aspect of her that we get to see more of in the show than we do in the game. "That makes it so upsetting because there would have been a chance of survival for her. "It gets shot down pretty quickly, pardon the pun. I think she’d actually do quite well. I’d do terribly."  The Last of Us will air on HBO from January 15. Fans in the UK can watch on Sky Atlantic and NOW.