A Russian Pantsir-S1 air defence system has been installed close to one of Putin’s private dachas near the Russian resort of Lake Valdai between Moscow and St Petersburg. Increased military hardware being installed in the area is thought to be a sign that the Kremlin is worried that resilient Ukraine could strike at the site between Moscow and St Petersburg. Russian opposition website Agentstvo said: "These air defence systems protect Putin personally and his family from a possible Ukrainian strike." Neither Russia nor Ukraine have provided up-to-date causality figures from the battlefield, with Kyiv suffering some 100,000 losses according to Norway's army chief.   On Sunday, the Norwegian army chief concluded that Russia's mobilisation and arms production capacities could keep the Kremlin in the fight for a long while. Mr Kristofferen pointed out that while the Russian airforce has played a limited role in the conflict "thanks to Ukrainian anti-aircraft defences", he is concerned that this may change. He said: "What worries most is whether Ukraine is going to be able to keep the Russian air force out of the war." Meanwhile, Poland said Monday it would ask Berlin for permission to send German-built Leopard tanks to Ukraine as its Western allies move to supply Kyiv with more powerful military hardware to thwart Russia’s invasion. DON'T MISS: Major delay in new travel system may mean holiday boost for Britons [INSIGHT]Gemma Atkinson announces baby news with Gorka in adorable pictures [PICTURES]Putin ally faces 'cruel end' as knives sharpen for 'evil' Wagner boss [COMMENT] Poland said Monday it would ask Berlin for permission to send German-built Leopard tanks to Ukraine as its Western allies move to supply Kyiv with more powerful military hardware to thwart Russia’s invasion. Germany has hesitated to approve sending tanks to Ukraine. But Polish officials took heart from remarks Sunday by German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock that Berlin wouldn't seek to stop Poland from providing Leopard 2 battle tanks. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki didn’t specify when the request to Germany will be made. He said that Poland is building a coalition of nations ready to send Leopard 2 battle tanks to Ukraine. Germany has hesitated to approve sending tanks to Ukraine. But Polish officials took heart from remarks Sunday by German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock that Berlin wouldn't seek to stop Poland from providing Leopard 2 battle tanks. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki didn’t specify when the request to Germany will be made. He said that Poland is building a coalition of nations ready to send Leopard 2 battle tanks to Ukraine.