A former model who snogged a teenage Prince Harry has refused to say if she was the older woman who took his virginity. The Duke of Sussex, 38, reveals in his bombshell memoir Spare that he lost his virginity in a field behind a pub in 2001 to an unnamed older woman who liked horses and treated him like a "young stallion". The revelation has sparked frenzied speculation over who the woman in question is. One woman Harry, then 17, was linked with around that time was Suzannah Harvey, who was 23 and described as a keen horsewoman. But when approached by the Daily Mail on Thursday at her home in the Cotswolds, the 44-year-old ex-model refused to confirm if she was the woman who took the royal's virginity. Ms Harvey previously told how a teenage Harry hit on her at the Beaufort Hunt Christmas Ball held in a marquee in the grounds of Badminton House in Gloucestershire. Speaking in 2002, she said they danced and drank champagne together before Harry suggested they "get some air". She said: "It was very nice, but as we were kissing I started to get worried that his bodyguards would be looking for him. "I didn't want to get him into trouble. He's a wild child and William was helpless to stop him. Outside he handled me like a grown man." Ms Harvey added: "I tried to keep my hands to myself but I was tempted to let myself go. It was so heated, steam was rising from us into the freezing cold air. He was definitely experienced in handling a woman." The Duke of Sussex goes into excruciating detail about losing his virginity in Spare, which is out next Tuesday but was accidentally put on sale early in some Spanish bookshops. The book, which has plunged the Royal Family into crisis, describes how one of the Royal Family's bodyguards Marko paid him a visit when he was still a pupil at Eton College in Windsor in late 2001 and said he had been sent to "find out the truth". Harry says he mistakenly thought the press had found out about the al fresco romp, which is thought to have taken place outside the Rattlebone Inn in Wiltshire. But the bodyguard was in fact checking up on him because his father Charles's press office had been informed that a newspaper had evidence of him taking drugs, which Harry said was "all lies". He writes: "I suspected he was referring to my recent loss of virginity, a humiliating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and who treated me like a young stallion. "I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my ass and sent me away. "One of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub. No doubt someone had seen us." It comes after actress Liz Hurley, 57, last month denied she had taken Harry’s virginity. In an interview with The Times, she said: “Not me. Not guilty. Ha. Absolutely not.” Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.  