Inaccuracies in Prince Harry’s memoir Spare have been defended by the book’s ghostwriter. J.R. Moehringer insists it is normal for recollections to vary years after events have happened and pointed out that the Duke of Sussex did say he was unsure of some of the details.  Factual errors in the book include Harry’s claim that he was a descendant of King Henry VI, and his statement he was given an Xbox before they were manufactured.  And he said that Meghan Markle’s father bought an Air New Zealand ticket for a trip to London from Mexico, but the airline does not fly that route. Mr Moehringer posted a series of tweets yesterday about memory, as he defended his collaborator. One quote he tweeted, from Mary Karr, author of The Art of Memoir, said: “The line between memory and fact is blurry, between interpretation and fact.  “There are inadvertent mistakes of those kinds out of the wazoo.”  And another quote from Ms Karr that he tweeted said: “Neurologist Jonathan Mink, MD, explained to me that with such intense memories as David's, we often record the emotion alone, all detail blurred into unreadable smear.”   In Spare, the Duke said his aunt Lady Sarah McCorquodale gave him an Xbox for his 13th birthday in 1997. This could not have happened because Microsoft’s games console was not released in the UK until March 2002.  In the book, Harry writes: “I tore at the wrapping paper, the ribbon. I peered inside... It was an Xbox. I was pleased. I loved video games.  “That's the story, anyway. It's appeared in many accounts of my life, as gospel, and I have no idea if it's true. Pa said Mummy hurt her head, but perhaps I was the one with brain damage?”  Responding to criticism about this factual inaccuracy, Mr Moehringer retweeted commentator Ellie Hall who wrote: “It's worth noting that IN THE BOOK when Harry talks about the Xbox (which hadn't been released yet in 1997) he explicitly states that he has no idea if this particular memory is true and explains that his mother's death messed with his memories.”  The author, who has also ghostwritten autobiographies for Andre Agassi and Nike co-founder Phil Knight, pointed out that Prince Harry has admitted that his recollections were at times hazy.  READ MORE: Uranium seizure at Heathrow indicates ‘dry run for a dirty bomb’  To back this up, Mr Moehringer tweeted a passage from the book where Prince Harry talks about his memory.  He writes: “Whatever the cause, my memory is my memory, it does what it does, gathers and curates as it sees fit, and there's just as much truth in what I remember and how I remember it as there is in so-called objective facts.  “Things like chronology and cause-and-effect are often just fables we tell ourselves about the past.”  But Mr Moehringer does not address all Harry's claims in the book, which eagle-eyed readers have scrutinised.  They include Harry saying that Meghan Markle purchased a first-class Air New Zealand ticket from Mexico to the UK for her father so he could get away from “a whole new level of harassment” in his adopted homeland.  An Air New Zealand spokesperson told New Zealand Herald that the airline has never had flights between Mexico and the UK, and they only have Business Premier rather than first class.  In Spare, the Duke also writes about his “great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather” King Henry VI, who founded Eton College and died in 1471.  This is despite the fact that Henry VI's direct lineage ended after his son, Edward of Westminster, died as a childless teenager at the Battle of Tewkesbury in May 1471.  Prince Harry's actual great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather was King George III.  He reigned from 1760 and 1811, more than three centuries after Henry VI died.  DON'T MISSPolice rage at Harry as they order him to 'stop slagging off' Wills [REPORT]Marbella marina up in flames as boats engulfed by blaze [PICTURED]Woman catches husband in 'disgusting act' with teenage babysitter [REVEALED]  Mail Online reports that there have also been questions raised about how he learned about the death of the Queen Mother in 2002.  The Duke of Sussex wrote about a call he received while studying at Eton College telling him his great-grandmother had died on March 30.  He writes: “At Eton, while studying, I took the call.  “I wish I could remember whose voice was at the other end; a courtier's I believe.  “I recall that it was just before Easter, the weather bright and warm, light slanting through my window, filled with vivid colours.”  But photographs from that time show Harry posing alongside his brother William and father Charles in Klosters skiing on March 29, having shaken off a bout of glandular fever in time to hit the slopes.  Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told MailOnline: “It seems from the evidence, that he was undoubtedly in Klosters at when the Queen Mother died.  “This portrait of being at Eton, ‘the weather bright and warm, light slanting… vivid colours'’ is therefore inaccurate.” 