Boreham Wood FC continue to confuse football fans ahead of their FA Cup third-round showdown with Accrington Stanley on Saturday afternoon. The National League outfit bizarrely separate their team name into two words when the town from which they hail is called Borehamwood. A succession of respectable FA Cup runs have put Boreham Wood FC into the spotlight. With it has come confusion over their team name, which doesn't match the town that it represents. Based in the town of Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, the club have had a range of different names since their inception in 1919. The first time they adopted their current name was in 1947 when, it is believed, the town itself was also called Boreham Wood - separated into two words. Like the club, the Hertfordshire town has also been referred to by numerous titles over the decades including 'Boram Woode' and 'Barham Wood', before finally landing on its current format. READ MORE: Man Utd could 'unleash next Wayne Rooney' as Cristiano Ronaldo exit sparks a change While the town name changed, the club's didn't, which solves the curious discrepancy that has left fans perplexed. Among them is @Owainbro, who wrote on Twitter: "Anyone know why Boreham Wood FC is two words while Borehamwood, the place is all one word?" Others have taken issue too as @atjg__ wrote: "Got absolutely zero time for Borehamwood the town being all one word but Boreham Wood the football club being two. Making a mockery of the great Football Association Challenge Cup with this nonsense." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Boreham Wood FC, who currently sit 13th in the National League - the fifth tier of English football - will fight for a spot in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday. They face relegation strugglers Accrington Stanley, although the Lancashire outfit are two divisions higher in League One. That's unlikely to stifle Boreham Wood's belief after a stellar FA Cup run last season put their name on the map. Big wins against AFC Wimbledon and Bournemouth, who sat a huge 74 league places ahead of them at the time, booked an unforgettable trip to Goodison Park to face Everton. The non-league outfit held out until the second half when a brace from Salomon Rondon settled the scores and Boreham Wood were sent packing with a 2-0 defeat. That was their deepest FA Cup run in history and they will naturally hope to emulate it this time around after winning three consecutive matches from the fourth qualifying round to the third round proper. Goals could be a problem for The Wood, having scored at a rate of just over one goal per game in the league this term, but top scorer Lee Ndlovu could come up trumps in that regard with the 28-year-old sitting on seven goals for the campaign.