An ominous message scrawled in red pen was left by a mother of three to her husband just hours before she mysteriously vanished. Police continue to investigate the case of Ana Walshe, who went missing on New Year's Day.  The note, transcribed by the New York Pose, read: "Wow! 2022…What a year! And yet, we are still here and together! "Let’s make 2023 the best one yet! We are the authors of our lives…courage, love, perseverance, compassion, and joy. Love, Ana." The note was written in red pen on the side of a Lanson Noble Cuvee champagne box, believed to be worth about $175. It stood on the counter of the couple's dining room in their home in Cohasset, Massachusetts. Another side of the box reads: “Gem Ana Brian 2023!”  The New York Post's photos show three bottles of A.H. Hirsch Reserve Whiskey lined up near the champagne box, which cost at least $3,000 per bottle. The couple are believed to have hosted a New Year's Eve party on the night before Ana went missing. Gem Mutlu, a friend of the couple's, rang in the New Year at their home. He told Fox News he last saw Ana at around 1:30am when he hugged her and said goodbye, claiming that there was no indication of any problems in the household. Her husband Brian Walshe told police Ana left in a ride-share taxi to the airport to catch a flight to Washington DC, where she works throughout the week as a real estate agent. Police have said they have no record of Ana getting a ride share or leaving on a plane that morning and claim her phone still pinged from cell towers near her home on January 1 and January 2. READ MORE: Ana Walshe investigation: What we know so far about the chilling case Mr Walshe, 46, a convicted art fraudster, has been arrested for misleading police in the investigation into his wife's disappearance. He appeared in Quincy District Court, Massachusetts, on Monday. He initially told police that he was asleep when Ana ordered a rideshare from their home to the airport but police allege he gave them a false timeline of his activities. He also told prosecutors he had gone to get ice cream with his son the day after Ana went missing, but CCTV footage instead places him at Home Depot where he bought $450 of cleaning supplies in cash including mops, a bucket, tarps, dropcloths and various types of tape, all while wearing a surgical mask and gloves, according to reports.  During his court appearance, Prosecutor Lynn Beland said: "These various statements caused a delay in the investigation to the point that during the time frame when he didn’t report his wife and gave various statements, that allowed him time to either clean up evidence, dispose of evidence, and causing a delay" The investigation took another grim turn on Monday when it was revealed the husband and father-of-three Googled "how to dispose of a 115-pound woman's body", and how to dismember a body, law enforcement told CNN. Police also searched the property and found blood and a broken knife in the basement, according to an affidavit for Brian’s arrest. The investigation took another grim turn on Monday when it was revealed the husband and father-of-three Googled "how to dispose of a 115-pound woman's body", and how to dismember a body, law enforcement told CNN. The couple’s three children, aged between two and six, are in the custody of Department of Children and Families. Brian is being held on $500,000 bond and pleaded not guilty to charges he misled police at an arraignment Monday. He was already under house arrest and awaiting sentencing for selling two fake Andy Warhol paintings on eBay for $80,000.