Samantha Markle hit out at her half-sister, the Duchess of Sussex, and Prince Harry, claiming they both “need counselling”. Speaking on Dan Wootton’s GB News show, she sparked uproar as she launched a fresh attack on the pair and insisted they had “no credibility”. Dan began: “What did you make of Harry’s book Sam because there was no compassion, there’s actually lots of misogynistic statements made throughout the book - I read some of them out earlier. “And also, he didn’t seem to show any compassion to the Markle family. Yet again, you were dismissed.” “You know, that’s water under the bridge,” Sam replied. “Coming from someone who would treat Her Majesty the Queen when she was in failing health and Prince Philip and the entire British Royal Family with such disregard, I wouldn’t expect any sympathy or compassion towards our family. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz “I think he is lacking in empathy, remorse and shame. “I think he is so under-developed and introspective that he needs to get counselling in my opinion because I think he is stuck at an adolescent stage of resentment over a while host of issues. “I think that’s his blockade, I don’t think he can think like an adult because I don’t think emotionally he is one.” Dan later added he believes both Harry and Meghan should have their titles stripped for King Charles’ coronation. “What did you make of this threat that there might be another book and that your sister might be writing her own autobiography?” asked Dan. “Samantha I wonder how worried you are about that because obviously you and your father and your brother and your family are likely to be focussed on much more in Meghan’s book than you were in Harry;s.” Samantha replied: “No, I think it is established from Megyn Kelly to world noted psychiatrists, there is a clear disconnect from reality. “There is a clear problem with the truth. She has been noted as a compulsive liar, so I don’t think anything she says has any credibility. DON'T MISS...Harry issued plea over Lili and Archie after airing royal dirty linen [LATEST]Harry memoir 'absolute PR disaster' as Sussexes's popularity sinks [INSIGHT]Hollywood elite mocking Harry must be 'hard to swallow' [UPDATE] “I don’t think it’s just Harry, I think both of them should seek counselling.” Many GB News viewers took to Twitter to beg Dan to “move on” as they claimed he is “obsessed” with the royal couple. TezzaShep posted: “Poor Dan can join them in counselling as he’s fixated with them! Every damn night… sooooo boring!” Moo and Drew added: “Change the record, Dan. How many weeks are you going to keep on banging on about this?” Debs shared: “Oh dear god is he still banging on about them.” “Give it up! My God! There HAS to be something else going on in the world,” Janette begged. Ramsey tweeted: “Is that not the same half-sister who had no relationship with Meghan? You are grasping at straw and it's pathetic.” @PirataHrvata posted: “What's the matter with you brits, don't you have enough real problems to deal with?!” Dan Wootton airs on GB News at 9pm.