The Duke of Sussex's book has "backfired" for Harry and Meghan, as well as leaving "divisions" in their camp, a royal commentator has claimed. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, Nile Gardiner said: "I think the British public have turned Harry really into a pariah, as a result of this very nasty book." He added: "Also, in the United States as well, the popularity of Harry and Meghan has fallen significantly. "I do think Harry and Meghan definitely underestimated the level of backlash there was going to be." He described the book as a "disaster", particularly in terms of the "image" of Meghan and Harry. READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped to skip King's coronation to take up commentating deal in US Speaking of the couple, he added: "I think we are seeing divisions in camp Harry and Meghan because this book has been absolutely disastrous. "I think there will be fallout from this." Speaking of Meghan, he called he would "not be surprised" if the Duchess was "unhappy" with backlash from Harry's book, Spare. He added that Harry, in some respects, is a "holy owned subsidiary" of Meghan Markle. READ MORE: Meghan's silence suggests she is not 'happy' with Harry 'undermining her brand' Harry's book, titled Spare, was releaased on January 10, having just missed out on the popular Christmas market. Despite this, the book was deemed the UK's fastest-selling non-fiction book within 24 hours of its release. The book, which was first revealed in 18 months prior, explores Harry's life and starts from the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana in 1997. The book also delves into his life as senior working royal, as well as documenting his current life as a husband and doting father-of-two. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan's four-book deal shows 'trashing' royals profitable [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew can 'tell every pigeon' he's His Royal Highness [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry warned Spare threatens to backfire and push support back [VIDEO] The couple, who got married in 2018, left the Royal Family to begin a new life in the US in 2020. They moved with their young son Archie, who was less than a year old at the time, and welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet, in June 2021.