There has been plenty of discussion surrounding MOTs. And to help new drivers, experts at Bill Plant Driving School studied Department for Transport data to find out which car models have the highest MOT pass rates. Total MOT Tests: 54,700 | Total MOT Tests Passed: 46,986 MOT Pass Rate: 85.9 percent Coming in first place is the Peugeot 108, frequently mentioned as a good first car for new drivers. There haven’t been any obvious recurring problems with this car and it uses a lot of the already proven components from the Peugeot 107, which should give further confidence for its reliability and longevity. READ MORE: Drivers encouraged to use a 'magic' one-button tip to defrost car As for safety, the 108 comes with six airbags, and anti-lock brakes to prevent skidding when abruptly braking, as well as electronic stability control. Drivers are likely to find this car used too, which presents the opportunity for a real bargain. Total MOT Tests: 114,467 | Total MOT Tests Passed: 96,988 MOT Pass Rate: 84.73 percent Next up is the rather iconic vehicle in the Mini Cooper, which managed an 84.73 percent pass rate in the UK in 2020. DON'T MISS Drivers can defrost cars using little-known items such as onions [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge car ownership changes as ULEZ expands [WARNING] EV drivers should charge cars to at least 90 percent to boost range [REVEAL] This car can be found quite frequently on the used market, as people outgrow this compact car as their needs change, meaning drivers can get it for quite a bargain. As for reliability and safety, while the older Minis had reliability issues, the quality of the newer models has drastically improved, so those from 2014 onwards are the best bet. These also come with six airbags, a passenger airbag deactivation switch and electronic systems to help improve grip and stability on those winding British roads. Total MOT Tests: 41,978 | Total MOT Tests Passed: 35,240 MOT Pass Rate: 83.95 percent READ MORE: Inside the car collection of Dragons' Den investor Steven Bartlett Skoda is wholly owned by Volkswagen, a car manufacturer known for its quality of build and reliability, so it’s no surprise that the Skoda Citigo makes the top five. Many liken the Citigo to a more affordable version of the Volkswagen up as it shares a lot of the same internals and the same spacious boot. Not only does the Citigo boast high reliability, but it also has low running and servicing costs. Originally, the Citigo had a high safety rating from Euro NCAP, though, it was lowered upon the removal of the autonomous emergency braking system. However, the Citigo still has seatbelt warning lights for the front and rear seats and a lane support system to prevent drifting, which also intervenes in more dire situations. Rated as the safest used car for new drivers in 2017, it would seem that statement still holds. Total MOT Tests: 95,632 | Total MOT Tests Passed: 80,253 MOT Pass Rate: 83.92 percent Using tried and tested Volkswagen parts there should be no real issues with reliability and the high MOT pass rate would seem to support that. Furthermore, if drivers buy new, the up! comes with a three-year warranty or 60,000 miles, which isn’t amazing, however, it should offer some extra comfort. Like the Citigo, the up! comes with a host of safety features, such as six airbags, seat belt reminders and electronic stability control, but it’s let down by its lack of newer features, namely autonomous braking and lane-keeping assist. Total MOT Tests: 14,758 | Total MOT Tests Passed: 12,029 MOT Pass Rate: 81.51 percent The SEAT Mii rounds out the top five, and it enters as the only car that is strictly electrically powered. A single charge will get you around 161 miles as per the WLPT’s testing and can be charged in around one hour with fast charging or four hours from a Wallbox charger, with a single charge costing around £5. The electronics in the Mii should be reliable, as they are similar to the already tested Volkswagen e-up! and the interior of the Mii is relatively simple, with little chance of serious issues. The Mii comes with a few modern safety features, such as lane assist to help prevent drifting, especially handy on motorways, and traffic sign recognition, which uses a camera fitted to the front of the car to detect speed limits and road signs, such as school and construction zones.