Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is designed to help with extra living costs for those who have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability. Respiratory conditions can impact people in various ways, but it could make it difficult to get out and about. Furthermore, it could limit what a person is able to do within the home without support. PIP should be able to help, and it can assist even those who are working, have savings or are in receipt of most other benefits. There are two main parts to PIP: the daily living element which helps with everyday tasks, and the mobility part for those who need help getting around. Whether a person receives one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find everyday tasks and getting around. READ MORE: Good news for pensioners as 2023 set to be ‘better’ than last year Each part is split into two weekly rates, a higher and a lower rate - but the sum is tax-free. The lower rate for the daily living part is £61.85 and for the higher, it is £92.40 per week. When it comes to the mobility part, the lower rate is £24.45 per week, while the higher is £64.50. For those in receipt of the higher rate of both parts, it could mean a monthly payout of some £627. DON'T MISS‘No current plans’ to increase £10 Christmas Bonus [LATEST]Frozen pensioners unable to return to UK due to ‘cost’ [EXCLUSIVE]Pensions ‘on the slab for changes’ as Britons ‘unaware’ of benefits [ANALYSIS] The amount a person gets is not impacted by their income or savings. PIP is usually paid out to eligible individuals every four weeks. They should expect to receive a decision letter which clearly outlines: All benefits, pensions and allowances are paid directly into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account. Before claiming PIP, it will be important for Britons to check if they are eligible. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den cast ‘impressed’ as ‘inspirational’ man turns life around Individuals can get PIP if all of the following apply: For those who have not received PIP before, they must be under state pension age. Once eligibility is checked, a claim can be set into motion by calling the PIP new claims line on 0800 917 2222. People will then be sent a form they need to complete and return based on their condition. When claiming, people will need to provide important information such as contact details, date of birth, National Insurance number and bank account number and sort code. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They will also need to share the information of their doctor or health worker. The list of 24 respiratory conditions for which PIP could help are as follows: People can also get support from charities and groups such as the British Lung Foundation, Asthma UK, and the British Thoracic Society.