A young entrepreneur from Sheffield has shared how she has turned her 99 pence side hustle into a profitable business turning over £30,000 a year. The 27-year-old has also managed to step onto the property ladder despite only working part-time. The savvy Briton has shared her story, disclosing how she saves and makes money. A side hustle that utilises someone's existing skills is often the best option for those thinking of generating a second income. Emma Jackson, 27 from Sheffield, managed to buy her first home by saving a £36,000 deposit in five years after writing about her smart spending on her blog Bee Money Savvy. The blogger told money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk: "I was very much on a budget when I founded beemoneysavvy.com. I bought the domain name for 99p and paid £30 for 12 months of hosting. "It was three months before my website made its first £10 and within six months it had its first £100 month. In my first year of blogging, I earned £1,500. That’s grown each year and this year I have earned £30,000 as a blogger." READ MORE: Universal Credit recipients could get over £1,000 boost to savings   Emma detailed how bloggers can make this kind of cash: "The majority of the income generated from my blog is from sponsorship deals – this usually involves me writing a blog post where I review a brand, service or product. "It’s only recently that I’ve started to get paid from affiliate networks. I also have adverts on my website that generate a regular monthly income. "I definitely started out populating the site by writing posts when topics came to mind, but as my blog has grown I’ve revisited old posts to see how I can improve the SEO. It’s not my biggest strength, but SEO is something I’ve had to learn along the way." There are some lucrative freelance opportunities for anyone with a creative skill such as writing or design as well as plenty of other options for people with other skills. DON'T MISS:Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [NSIGHT]Households may be able to claim refund on their TV Licence [UPDATE]Benefit payments for pensioners to increase in 2023 [ALERT]   Emma says although blogging has been an incredible side hustle for her it can take years for it to start generating income and is very time-consuming. She added: "A side hustle that puts your existing skills to use is often the best. Talk to colleagues and friends to see if they can put you in touch with some additional work in your field of expertise." Blogging isn't everyone's cup of tea, and alternatively, Emma recommends doing the part-time work she used to do as people don't necessarily need experience or references. Emma explained: "In the past I would babysit for my next-door neighbour so they never asked for references but they knew that I regularly worked with children – I used to coach sports in a primary school. The cleaning job was through a website called RedWigWam, they offer temporary work and I saw that the cleaning job was local to me so I decided to give it a try – again I wasn’t required to provide a reference and I didn’t have any qualifications."   For those who aren’t able to work, or want to focus more on cutting back financially, Emma has some other tips. She continued: "A great place to start is reviewing your current spending. Print out your monthly bank statements and highlight any non-essential spending to see where you could cut or reduce the cost. "The cost of food is an area I try to keep as low as possible but this is increasingly more difficult with rising inflation and the cost-of-living crisis. "I buy unbranded food, I meal plan, I freeze leftovers and I claim free food to top up my supplies. I use a few different apps to find free and discounted food, including Shopmium, Green Jinn and CheckoutSmart."  The thrifty influencer also said it's worth trying to haggle with your broadband and mobile providers to save money. She added: "Most of these providers will move you onto a more expensive deal once your contract ends but if you take a look at a comparison site you can often find a better deal elsewhere. I usually find the best deal available to me then call my current provider and tell them I want to leave as I’ve found a better deal. Often they’ll try to match the deal I’ve found or offer me something else to get me to stay with them.’ Tom Church, Co-Founder of LatestDeals.co.uk, said: "I think there are many people out there who believe they will never get a mortgage because they’re working part-time or have a low income. "Emma will be an inspiration as she shows it’s possible to get on the property ladder despite these factors. Plus, I’m glad to hear about a fellow haggler. Never be afraid to negotiate prices, whether it’s food, bills or anything else. The worst anyone can say is no!" 