On episode six of Season nine of Below Deck, the superyacht crew hosted a 75th birthday party for their primary charter guest. But the day didn’t go entirely to plan. After some of the ship’s furniture and kit blew overboard in the last episode, Eddie, the ship’s first officer was fed up. Eddie started the shift by warning the deck crew that they couldn’t have anything else go overboard. He said: “The wind here is too strong, I’m sick of it all. From now on, we do not give Captain Lee the go-ahead until everything is secured. “I want things covered, I want this never to happen again. I need the deck staff to step it up. I don’t want another thing falling off this boat.” READ MORE: Cruise couple ‘outraged’ about confiscated item Unfortunately the wind had other ideas and the ship’s trampoline blew away almost immediately. One of the ship’s deckhands had to leap on a jetski and chase it as it flew away from the yacht across the sea. Captain Lee said: “In 35 years, I’ve never seen wind with such intensity for an extended period of time like it is. Mother Nature giving your ass a wakeup call!” Later on, as the crew prepared for the 75th birthday party, one of the balloons also went overboard. The guests were served a huge Mexican buffet at lunch which included their favourite, lobster quesadillas. The guests were extremely pleased with the food and one even exclaimed: “This chef is a freak of nature!” While the guests were happy with the 80s themed birthday party, chief steward Heather, was less impressed with some of her team. She became irritated as several of the crew forgot to bring tongs up with the dishes, leaving her unable to serve. READ MORE: Simon Calder explains how to get ‘best deal’ She said: “This just isn’t what 5* service is and I shouldn’t have to explain that. If I say bring servicewear up, go find some!” Heather also complained about one of the team who was struggling as her grandmother was unwell. Heather said: “With Jessica I can notice the difference from day one being on the boat, until now. At some point, she needs to leave that stuff in her cabin and show up to do the job she’s here to do.” Rayna, one of the deckhands, wasn’t impressed with Heather’s instructions, saying: “Heather is hard headed. She’s very rude too. Is this normal for her?” In the morning, Rachel the chef faced a challenge when she had to prepare scrambled egg whites. She said: “Scrambled egg whites, that is the bane of my existence. When you go to make them, they just weep. It’s like soppy wet liquidy nasty funk.” Despite her struggles, the guests were extremely impressed with their breakfast, one said: “I don’t know if I’ve ever tasted anything like this.” Ronnie, the primary guest, said: “These three days of food, I think, have been the best we’ve ever had.”