Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) was devastated when she learned a “man and woman” had been accompanying her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) to visit his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in Sheffield prison. With Catherine determined to find out who has betrayed her trust, Happy Valley viewers believe they’ve worked out who is manipulating Ryan. Fans have been looking back at series one and two of Happy Valley for clues as to who is helping Tommy. One viewer has recalled a storyline from series two involving Ilinka Blazevic (Ivana Basic), a Croatian woman who was trafficked and enslaved. They pointed out Ilinka was trafficked by a Croatian gang and the storyline appeared to be dropped. However, the Croatian gang have made a return in series three as the Knezevics have been brought back in a storyline involving Tommy and the murder of Gary Gackowski. READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast This has prompted fans to take a closer look at characters who were introduced in series two but haven’t been as involved in the storyline. Reddit user WRM710 posted: “Neil. He found Claire and bumped into her. He was suspicious and nervous around Catherine. “Then he had his run in at the pub. He was there for the viewers to think of as a creep and a suspect, but he wasn't ever suspected by the police. “So I think he's a kind of unresolved character, and I think he'll have a bigger role in this series, so I reckon he's been taking Ryan. “I don't know about Claire, I could see Neil having stalked her and manipulating her, but I don't know if that's me extrapolating too much.” Could Neil Ackroyd (Con O’Neill) have been brought in as a character to worm his way into the Cawood family so he could manipulate Ryan? Having been Clare’s (Siobhan Finneran) partner for a number of years, Ryan may feel he can now trust Neil. If Neil is working with Tommy, he could have passed along a message to Ryan inviting him to the prison in Sheffield. DON'T MISS...Sarah Lancashire’s quiet life in London - average home fetches £750k [INSIGHT]Happy Valley season 3 episode 2 welcomes back tragic character  [EXPLAINER]Happy Valley star James Norton has opened up about Tommy's new look [INTERVIEW] Neil could therefore be the man who has been accompanying Ryan to the prison but it wouldn’t explain who the woman is. Perhaps Neil has managed to convince Clare it is a good idea to take Ryan to visit his father. On Twitter, viewers are also certain Neil is the one taking Ryan to the prison with Louise posting: “It’s gonna be Clare & Neil isn’t it..? Taking Ryan to Sheffield? #HappyValley.” “All through the last series of #HappyValley I was suspicious of Neil, Clare's bf. Tonight I've seen him playing a baddie in 'Without Sin' and now I'm convinced he must be a wrong 'un,” @Magpie7 shared. Holly continued: “I’ve got a really awful feeling that it’s Clare and Neil taking Ryan to see Tommy #HappyValley.” “Well worth the seven year wait. Fabulous first episode! It’s got to be Claire and Neil with Ryan hasn’t it? #HappyValley,” talulah14 added. Sinead Henry tweeted: “I was awake for ages last night wondering who is bringing Ryan to the prison. My gut tells me it's Claire and Neil. I love when a show sucks me in like that #HappyValley.” Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.