Prince Harry appeared to take a swipe at his brother, Prince William, as he explained the reason for his rage before his wedding with Meghan Markle was his facial hair. In a wide-ranging interview with ITV's Tom Bradley, the Duke of Sussex recalled his brother ordering him to get rid of his beard before his wedding day. Only "beard people" would understand his anger at William's request that he shave his beard for his wedding day, Harry claimed. The Duke described his beard as "a shield to my anxiety" that his brother rejected amid mounting public pressure. But the Queen allowed the younger brother to keep his bristles while William was ordered to shave off his beard during a military assignment in 2008. That difference in treatment made William "competitive", Harry claimed. He said: "I think William found it hard that other people told him to shave it off, and yet here I was on my wedding day wearing military uniform, no longer in the military, um, but thinking as though I – believing as though I should shave it off before my wedding day. "And I said 'Well I don’t believe that Meghan’s gonna recognise me if she comes up the aisle and sees me beardless'.  Prince Harry continued: "I would feel very, very different without my beard, and that’s hard for people to understand who have never grown a beard, um, but hopefully those beard people out there will go: 'Yeah, no, I fully get that, I can understand'." During the same interview, Mr Bradbury reveals it was required of Harry to seek permission from his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. He said: "He went to see his granny, the Queen, to ask, as required, for permission to keep his beard for his own wedding. "She was amenable, William was not. "There was then an argument, Harry says, between the two brothers that went on for a week and ended he claims with his brother ordering him, as the heir to the spare, to shave it off." READ MORE: Harry claims he was 'not invited' on plane taking royals to see Queen Despite his brother's order, Prince Harry wore a beard at his wedding at Windsor Castle, with close to 30 million viewers watching the couple walking down the aisle in St George's Chapel. The accusations follow Harry's claims that Prince William once injured him by pushing him onto a dog bowl on the kitchen floor of his cottage home on the grounds of Kensington Palace in 2019. The Duke says William called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive", which Harry calls a "parrot[ing of] the press narrative" about his American wife. The confrontation escalated, Harry writes, until William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". DON'T MISS:Harry 'should have been denied US residency' over drug revelations [REPORT] Prince Harry slammed as 'paranoid' and 'unhinged' [REPORT] Dan Wooton defends press after Prince Harry's ITV interview [REPORT]  Another altercation reportedly boiled over during a half-hour walk near Frogmore Cottage following Philip's funeral on April 17, 2021. The two brothers and then-Prince Charles were reportedly discussing the interview he and Meghan gave to Oprah Winfrey a month earlier. But William lost his temper as he was "really steaming" and grasped at him, the Duke alleged in his ghostwritten memoire, titled 'Spare'. "I waved a hand, disgusted, but he lunged, grabbed my shirt. "Listen to me, Harold," Harry wrote in his book, according to The Sun. It is feared the the book’s revelations will likely reduce the chances of a reconciliation between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family. Prince Harry told ITV's Tom Bradby he wants reconciliation but "there needs to be accountability". READ NEXT:Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson CooperHarry claims William argued about wedding beard for A WEEKHarry finally admits Royals aren't racist despite Archie commentsHarry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchangePrince Harry asked why he and Meghan haven't renounced their titles