Royal Mail warns customers to "be vigilant" as an increasing volume of fraudulent Royal Mail text messages circulates. Several Twitter users have been taking to the platform to share "believable" scam texts Another user tweeted about a suspected fraudulent website offering Royal Mail stamps "at half price" that cropped up on their Facebook feed. Before listing several scam examples, including the text messages shared amongst Twitter users, Royal Mail said in a statement on its website: "These are some typical examples of scams that look like they’re sent by Royal Mail, but are in fact fraud or phishing scams." It continued: "Please don’t click on any of the links in these emails and be vigilant if you receive a communication which you aren’t sure about." The texts typically state that there is a package that needs to be rescheduled and asks the recipient to press a 'bit.ly' link. The link then takes them to a scam site asking for payment.  READ MORE: DWP urges Britons to watch out for latest cost of living scams  Tweeting a picture of the text message in question, Twitter user @icarfaem said: "This feels like a scam...but it sure looked believable for a moment." Royal Mail said: "Do not click on any links or enter any details." Royal Mail is also experiencing “severe disruption” to its international export services following a cyber attack last week. It continues to ask customers to avoid posting items overseas “until further notice”, while it investigates the incident. In a statement updated on January 17, Royal Mail said: “Royal Mail is continuing to experience severe service disruption to our international export services following a cyber incident. We are temporarily unable to despatch items to overseas destinations.”  DON'T MISS: Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 tips could save £600 a year' [EXPLAINED]EastEnders' Adam Woodyatt targeted by fraudsters [INSIGHT]    It continued: “In order to prevent a build-up of export items in our network and support a faster recovery when we restore service, Royal Mail is continuing to ask customers not to post international export items until further notice.” Royal Mail said items that have already been despatched may be subject to delays, and “sincerely” apologises to impacted customers for “any disruption” the incident may be causing. However, it noted: “Our import operations continue to perform a full service, with some minor delays.” Parcelforce Worldwide export services are said to still be operating to all international destinations, though customers should expect minor delays. But according to the delivery giant, Royal Mail’s UK services are still operational.  READ MORE: 'Never click on links' in claiming to be Amazon, UPS, & Evri  The statement continued: “Our teams are continuing to work around the clock to resolve this disruption and we will update you as soon as we have more information. “An investigation into the incident is ongoing and we are working with external experts. We have reported the incident to our regulators and the relevant security authorities.” Royal Mail first announced the attack last Thursday, January 12. It’s said that more than half a million parcels and letters are stuck in limbo after machines used for printing customs dockets were disabled. The attackers are thought to have used ransomware, which is a type of malicious software designed to block access to computer files or a system until a sum of money is paid. Reports state the software also took over printers at Royal Mail’s international sorting offices and caused ransom notes saying “your data are stolen and encrypted” to “spout” from the machines. Royal Mail is yet to confirm when shipping will resume following the severe service disruption. Royal Mail has been hit by a high level of disruption over the past few months, with workers staging a number of strikes following unsolved disputes over jobs, pay and conditions.  The postal service has suffered some heavy losses in return. In November, Royal Mail said it slumped to an underlying operating loss of £219million after recording profits of £235million in the same period in 2021. It cited weaker parcel volumes and three days of strikes over six months to have cost the UK business £70million in the first half of 2022. Royal Mail estimated the further five days of action during October resulted in an additional £30million in losses. The remaining strike days that took place in November and December, are also likely to have added to the reported losses. Welcoming the Communication Worker's Union's agreement to recommence facilitated talks, Royal Mail recently announced that is committed to reaching an agreement to resolve the current pay and change disputes. The talks are said to run through to Friday, January 20. 