During Wednesday night's episode, Maria Connor (played by Samia Longchambon) put on an event which was designed to help refugees and share information about those seeking help. However, the event was disrupted when Blake attempted to attack Maria, however, it was Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) who was stabbed and taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries. Now fans have claimed they know what will happen to Max, possibly leading to his exit from the soap. Max and David were sitting in Roy's Rolls when Daryan walked in handing out flyers for Maria's refugee hub. After being offered a leaflet, Max angrily snapped: "Yeah, I'm eating my breakfast mate... I don't need this! "Why are you lot always have to keep banging on!" to which David jumped in and shouted: "Max!" before he stormed out of the cafe. Later, Max was intently watching Blake's live stream as he planned to film the event inside Speed Daal. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' Trying to get his attention, David shouted: "Max! Max? On a scale of one to 10, how hungry are you? Max? Max?" "Will you turn that off for a second! I said on a scale of one to 10 how hungry are you," to which Max rolled his eyes and answered: "I don't know, hungry, normal hungry." Back in the kitchen cooking their dinner, David realised that David the dog was causing a mess outside and asked Max for help. Max was still engrossed in the live stream, which angered David further, leaving him to snatch the phone out of his hand. "I asked you, for one thing, can you get the dog please of your not having any meatballs and spaghetti! I am serious, your call..." On the live stream, Blake explained: "I am outside now, seen a few of them go in, it is going to be special, keep watching." David was concerned as to why Max wanted his phone back so badly before coming to an agreement he could have it back if he went to Maria's event,. Max returned to the live stream and was left stunned when he saw Blake pull out a knife and sprinted to the Speed Daal to try and stop his attack. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' heartbreaking Paddy storyline [WATCH]Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise promotion ‘sealed’ for Marlon after Tahj Miles hint [LATEST] Standing at the bottom of the stairs, Gary Windass (Mickey North) refused to let Max in, but in a flash, Blake lunged for Maria, with Alya stepping in front of her and taking the force of the attack. As the police turned up and arrested Blake, he turned to Max and asked: "Was that good?" but the youngster was distraught and replied: "No, no not good!" Before getting into the car, Blake told Max: "You're my inspiration mate..." Spotting Max outside, Gary charged for him and exclaimed: "You were involved in this, I saw you when you came in, you knew what he had planned." Shocked at the events which had unfolded, Max sprinted away from the scene and back home to David, where he asked: "What have you done now?" Viewers claim they have "worked out" what it next for Max and things don't look good. Ryan Glendenning commented: "We all know this will lead to Max getting arrested. He's already been arrested once over the Griff situation. "It'll happen again after Max's mate got influenced by his videos online. #Corrie" (sic) @Wee_Westie29 added: "Max could get at least 10 years for his influence. #Corrie #CoronationStreet @itvcorrie." Bradley Coombes said: "Hopefully Max gets his comeuppance #corrie #coronationstreet." @Caroline097 theorised: "Max will be arrested and out of the soap for a while, with Spider then coming in once again to help him out." Dean Landings expressed: "Max got himself into this mess then he can deal with the consequences. Reckon he'll be out of the soap for a while." (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.