A friend of Prince William claims the Prince of Wales "could have a field day" with the stories he has on the Duke of Sussex. Speaking to The Times, a close friend of William branded Harry "outrageously disloyal" after William was "always there to pick up the pieces". The friend said: "There’s so much stuff over the years that Harry has rung friends up about and said, ‘throw away that photo, promise you won’t speak about this’. You could have a f****** field day with s*** on Harry. "So could William, who (in comparison) is as clean as a whistle. I can’t believe he’d stoop so low." Another friend warned there is "so much we could say" about Prince Harry. He said: “It’s strategically not clever. Harry is good at getting his narrative out there but we know so much, we’ve cleaned up so many messes over the years." It comes after the Duke of Sussexes memoir was leaked in Spain several days before its official global release on Tuesday.  In his book Prince Harry claimed his brother attacked him in 2019 over his relationship with Meghan Markle. He accused the Prince of Wales of branding Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and knocked me to the floor". He alleges his older brother urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children, but Harry refused and William left before returning and apologising. Harry claims William and his then-girlfriend Kate Middleton encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005. The move sparked outrage after a photo appeared on the front page of a newspaper.  READ MORE: Harry's revelations 'gone too far' as Buckingham Palace tourists react But royal fans have been quick to jump to Prince William's defence. In the book Harry claims his brother pointed at Meghan and said her "rude" comment was not how things were done in Britain, to which Meghan responded by telling him to "take your finger out of my face". Former aide to Margaret Thatcher, Nile Gardiner took to Twitter to back the Prince of Wales saying: "Meghan Markle is incredibly rude and disrespectful towards the Royal Family, its thousand year traditions, and the British people that cherish it. "Very good to hear that both William and Kate stood up to her, and challenged her complete lack of manners."    Both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have said they will not comment on claims made in the book, the same response they gave to Meghan and Harry's recent Netflix docuseries. Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.