A cop and a murder suspect were both left injured after a shootout. The pair faced off on Wednesday, with video from the scene showing cars riddled with bullet holes from the incident. Officers have not named the suspect and did not say how many shots were fired. They added that the cop, from the Fugitive Unit, was attempting to serve a warrant to a capital murder suspect alongside other officers. The officer ordered both the driver and the passenger, who was the suspect, out of the vehicle. While the driver complied, the passenger remained in the car and fired shots at the officers. An officer was then shot in the foot by the gunman, who was hit by gunfire and is now considered to be in critical condition. It is not clear how many times the gunman was shot, and police did not say how many officers fired their weapon. Taking place at an apartment complex on Bahama Drive in West Oak Cliff, Dallas, Texas, video from the shooting showed a white police SUV had the suspect's car boxed in under the car port. Officers could be seen performing CPR on a person in the grass, who was loaded onto a Dallas Fire-Rescue ambulance and taken to the hospital. READ MORE: Accused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial A red sedan was also seen in the area with several bullet holes in the back glass and other windows blown out. Dallas Police confirmed the attempted arrest involved the high-risk apprehension of a capital murder suspect but they did not reveal any further information about who the man was or who he was suspected of killing. Kristin Lowman, with the Dallas Police Department, said the murder case was not a Dallas homicide case but was from North Texas. Capital murder charges are for people who intentionally or knowingly kills more than one individual during a single course of criminal conduct. The only possible sentence for a capital murder conviction is death or life in prison without the possibility of parole. DON'T MISS Horror as mum charged with killing two kids, injuring baby Farm worker in court to face seven murder charges after massacre Biden crosses own red line on Ukraine and pushes world closer to WW3