Violent winds of up to 80mph are set to batter large swathes of the UK today, with Scotland copping the brunt over a 16-hour period. The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for wind covering four large regions, with experts foreseeing power cuts and disruption to mobile phone networks. Energy firm SSEN has also reportedly warned vulnerable customers about the chances of outages as the storm from Iceland begins to rage over the northern mainland. The Scottish Highlands will see more snow showers which are not set to extend to lower-level areas. The Met Office said: "A deep area of low pressure is expected to pass to the north of Scotland later on Tuesday, clearing away to the east during Wednesday. Gusts of 60mph are likely fairly widely, and perhaps 70 to 80mph for a time across northern coasts of mainland Scotland, Lewis and Orkney.  Describing the impacts of today's weather, Ms Farrow added: "Tuesday itself looks windy in the unstable westerly flow behind the cold front. There will be high lee gusts for eastern Scotland and north east England, with tricky conditions along the A1 and A9. "Also, westerly gales for the far north of Scotland and a very windy Tuesday lunchtime for the Northern Isles. "There will be a nippy, fresh westerly wind for northern and eastern England, around the Irish Sea, for coastal Northern Ireland and across Scotland. "The winds will be strong for exposed coasts and hills with snow showers over the Scottish mountains." The Met Office's top tips for travelling in stormy weather consist of slowing down during periods of intense rain, avoid starting journeys until the worst of the weather is over, and choosing more main roads over country routes. This is because there is less likely to be fallen debris. Dipped headlights must be used if visibility is seriously reduced, and using both hands to grip the steering wheel will help regain control of a vehicle when strong gusts are battering exposed routes. "This is particularly important when planning to overtake," the Met Office added. "Keep an eye out for gaps between trees, buildings or bridges over a river or railway – these are some of the places you are more likely to be exposed to side." 