Roger Federer has paid tribute to Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic in a five-word message after the Serb won his 10th Major Down Under by dispatching Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets in the final. Djokovic’s victory means he is now level with Rafael Nadal at the top of the men’s all-time Grand Slam title-winning charts, with the duo each getting their hands on 22 Majors. Djokovic was the overwhelming favourite to lift the trophy ahead of the showpiece event after winning every Australian Open match he had played since his unexpected fourth round loss to Chung Hyeon in 2018. And the 35-year-old took the first set 7-5. Tsitsipas had an opportunity to level the match in the second set after finding himself with a set point. But the third seed was unable to make the most of his chance as Djokovic came back to take the second set on a tiebreak before seeing the match out following another tiebreak at the end of the third set. And on Sunday evening, Federer took to Instagram to post a picture of Djokovic on his story alongside the message: “Incredible effort, again! Many congratulations.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic spotted meeting his dad back stage after Aus Open win  Federer and Djokovic were huge rivals on the court before the Swiss ace announced his retirement from tennis last year. The pair met in five Grand Slam finals during their heyday, with Djokovic winning on four occasions. Djokovic will now be hoping he can move beyond Nadal and become the most successful men’s player of all time in the coming years. And following his victory over Tsitsipas, he said: “I have to say, this has been one of the most challenging tournaments I've ever played in my life considering the circumstances. Not playing last year, coming back this year.    “I want to thank all the people who made me feel welcome and made me feel comfortable to be in Melbourne and Australia. There's a reason why I've played my best tennis throughout my career in this tournament, on this court in front of the legendary Rod Laver. “I think the message for any young tennis player around the world who is watching this now and dreaming to be here where we are: Dream big. Dare to dream, because anything is possible. Don't let anyone take away the dream. Doesn't matter where you're from. I actually think the more disadvantaged childhood you have, the more challenges you have, the stronger you become. “Stefanos and I are proof of that. Don't really let anyone take away that dream from you. Nurture it. Water it like you would the flowers. Even if only one person in this world that will accept, embrace and support your dreams, find that person and dream big because you can make it.” 