Ambulance workers have announced a new wave of strikes as the dispute over pay and working conditions continues. The new strikes have been announced by the Unite union who say their drivers and paramedics will walk out on January 23. The union has said it will work with local trusts to ensure emergency cover. Around 2,600 ambulance workers, more than last month, are set to go on strike as part of the action says the union, this includes those from the West Midlands, North West, North East, East Midlands, and Wales. In a statement, Unite's secretary general said: "Unite's ambulance workers have been left with no option but to take industrial action. They are fighting to protect patients, to save the ambulance service and the NHS itself, as well as providing for their families. "The Government has had months to intervene and end this dispute but has failed to do so. They choose to attack NHS workers rather than get more money for the NHS from profiteering companies. They repeatedly refuse to sit down and negotiate in order to resolve the dispute. "The talks the Government has lined up for Monday yet again look like nothing more than a smokescreen and are clearly not a negotiation on NHS pay. "But this is real and urgent. NHS staff need their bills paying now. Vital health workers are leaving the service now. Patients are suffering and dying now. The Prime Minister needs to step up to the moment and lead. That is what he is paid for."     On what had caused the latest round of stirkes, Unite's nationa lead officer Onay Kasab blamed the Government. He said: "The Government has repeatedly missed open goals to resolve this dispute. Unions have been invited to talk and then told they can't talk about pay, in a pay dispute. "The Government must get its head out of the sand and finally enter into serious negotiations about pay in order to avert further industrial action. The general public must be as mystified as our ambulance workers as to why the Government is not moving heaven and earth to solve this dispute." In common with the previous strike, Unite said they would be working at a locallevel to ensure they could still respond to emergency calls. However, in the future, these strikes may not be possible with new legislation. READ MORE: Princess Anne formerly lived in Pimlico flat as a newlywed - pictures   The Government is set to introduce new anti-strike legislation to make it harder for those in certain services to strike. They say the new legislation, that they sasy will help to "ensure a basic level of service" in the public sector, has been heavily critcised will legal challenges expected. The new laws will set minimum servic levels for fire, ambulance, and rail services when they decide to strike. Furthermore, Unions could be sued and people fired if basic services cannot be provided in key sectors. Unions say the proposed restrictions are unlawful and Labour has said it would repeal them if it wins the next general election. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has defended the proposed legislation in the aftermath of his New Year's speech a few days ago.  However, the general secretary of Unite, Sharon Graham said in a statement: "Yet again, Rishi Sunak abdicates his responsibility as a leader. “Instead of silly posturing and game playing, he should step up to the plate, act as a leader and start negotiating to resolve the crises his government has created. "The game is up – everyday people can see through the Tories’ web of lies. They can see that this government is not interested in ensuring that workers and communities get their fair share. This is a government for the rich and powerful." Business Secretary Grant Shapps, meanwhile, defended the move: "As well as protecting the freedom to strike, the government must also protect life and livelihoods. While we hope that voluntary agreements can continue to be made in most cases, introducing minimum safety levels – the minimum levels of service we expect to be provided – will restore the balance between those seeking to strike and protecting the public from disproportionate disruption." Starmer, who would repeal the legislation if he became PM, added: "I don't think this legislation is going to work. I do not think legislation is the way you bring an end to a dispute." While the new laws have sent shockwaves, it is important to note that they are only proposed rather than actual laws. In the end, it could all come down to the courts.