Manchester United owners the Glazers are currently ‘unclear’ if they’re looking for total sale of the club, reports say. The Americans suggested back in November that they were open to the idea of finally leaving Old Trafford. However, a full takeover isn’t an absolute certainty at a time where the Middle East, Asia and America are all showing interest. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005, with the Americans purchasing the club for a massive £790million. And, last month, they suggested they were open to selling up after a statement was released that read: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big According to the Telegraph, it is currently ‘unclear’ if the Glazers want to completely end their time at United. They will, however, invite formal bids from parties in the Middle East, Asia and America by the middle of February. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is also another interested party, with the INEOS chairman currently watching developments from afar. An offer is still ‘expected’, however, with suitors who failed to buy Chelsea last year also in the mix. It’s claimed that, in the coming weeks, potential investors from around the world will publicly express an interest in buying United. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Previously, it’s been suggested the Glazers would want a fee as high as £6billion to sell the club. However, different prices could emerge depending on whether or not United are able to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Saudi Arabia and Qatar have previously distanced themselves from talk of ousting the Glazers. The former currently owns Newcastle, while Paris Saint-Germain are bankrolled by the Qataris and their president Nasser Al-Khelaifi. Yet while they’ve downplayed interest, the publication says the two nations can’t be ruled out. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Whether the Glazers do eventually sell up remains to be seen, amid mixed messages over their intentions. But the Manchester United Supporters’ Trust want any interested parties to be serious about football, rather than using the club as a cash cow. In an open letter, they wrote: "To any bidder for Manchester United Football Club. “We, the undersigned, represent Manchester United fans from all backgrounds and walks of life. "We understand very well why you wish to buy the club. “We believe Manchester United is the greatest sporting institution in the world and hope we will have a new owner that will nurture, invest and, most of all, recognise that their role as the steward of Manchester United is to run the club in partnership with the supporters, in a way which recognises that a football club is far more than just a commercial asset. "As you contemplate the nature of any offer you may wish to make to the present owners, we believe it may be helpful to you to understand what supporters want from any new owner, in order to secure the support of the fans. “The principles below are based on our longstanding principles established over two decades as the Supporters Trust and regular open consultation with our fans." They made it clear they want MUST to be involved, while also explaining how the club should be governed. MUST also want a commitment to keeping the soul of United alive, while they also made it clear they don’t want the club to enter a European Super League. Ticket prices were also demanded to be kept at an affordable figure, too.