Brexit Britain has become one of the top three countries for business expansion, according to a survey of business leaders. The survey, conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, looked at the confidence of chief executives across the globe for business growth. It's the first time the UK has made the top three in the survey, which has been conducted for 26 consecutive years. The survey put the UK behind only the US and China, and on an equal footing with Germany. This is despite the survey being conducted in October and November, shortly after the markets were spooked by Kwasi Kwarteng and Liz Truss's mini budget. The UK has never previously ranked higher than fourth. According to PWC, 18 percent of chief executives say the UK is important to revenue growth, double the 2020 figure which saw 9 percent of people expressing the same sentiment. British bosses are also more confident than average for their companies' revenue prospects, with nearly half (48 percent) saying they are very or extremely confident about sales prospects for the next year. This is compared to 42 percent of global chief executives. Speaking about the results, Kevin Ellis, PWC’s chairman and senior partner in the UK, said: "CEOs don’t expand and invest on a whim — they’re choosing the UK as that’s where they expect to see returns. "That choice will be based on sector strengths in areas like AI and biotech, alongside our people-first, business-friendly environment." The latest survey will be a rebuttal to recent criticisms of Brexit, which arose after polls showed increasing discontent with post-Brexit Britain. A poll published last week found that Conservative party voters are losing faith in the idea of Brexit benefits and opportunities. The survey, conducted by Opinium, found that one in three Tory voters (33 per cent) now believe Brexit has created more problems than it has solved. Only 22 per cent of those who intend to vote Conservative say Britain’s exit from the EU has solved more problems than it has created. London Mayor Sadiq Khan called for "pragmatic debate" on rejoining the European Union in the wake of the poll, accusing ministers of having "selective amnesia" when it comes to Brexit. DON'T MISS: VDL vows 'robust response' to 'unfair trade' in veiled threat to UK [REVEAL] Keegan mocks unions as most teachers did not back strikes [REPORT] Gary Lineker calls for politicians to be paid even more [INSIGHT] He described the decision to leave the EU as "one of the root causes" of the UK's "problems". Giving a speech to Mansion House, Mr Khan said politicians "can't keep quiet about the immense damage Brexit is doing". The mayor added: "Brexit can’t be airbrushed out of history or the consequences wished away. "We need greater alignment with our European neighbours – a shift from this extreme, hard Brexit we have now to a workable version that serves our economy and people."