Leeds have made a £22million offer for Morocco World Cup sensation Azzedine Ounahi, according to reports in the French media. The Premier League outfit face strong competition from some of Europe’s biggest clubs following the midfielder’s outstanding performances in Qatar. Ounahi, who plays his club football for Ligue 1 strugglers Angers, is apparently set to change agents to force through a move. Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid were both linked with transfers for the 22-year-old during the tournament. Napoli have reportedly made a £17.6m offer to Angers to tempt him to Serie A. However, Leeds have trumped that bid with an offer of their own. The Whites have proposed a £22m deal to sign Ounahi in the January transfer window. Boss Jesse Marsch wants to strengthen his midfield with the addition of the Moroccan. JUST IN: FA Cup third round's five biggest ever upsets as Arsenal at risk That is according to French channel TeleFoot, who report that Leeds have outbid Italian giants Napoli. Ounahi wants a January move and is set to change agents to force through a deal. Leeds director of football Victor Orta revealed in December that he had long been aware of Ounahi, but was surprised by his performances at the World Cup. Orta has urged caution over the Casablanca-born ace, revealing that Ounahi’s excellent combative performances are not always on display for Angers. "I’m going to be honest, I’ll mention a name - Ounahi, the Morocco number 8. How many messages have I received about him? Even my president has messaged me. ‘Where was this guy? We haven’t seen him!’,” the Spaniard told Marca. “He’s probably been the breakout player, can we say that? I’ve known him for two seasons, this year he’s at Angers, and I’ve been surprised by his physical level. He’s not been like that, I’m not saying he’s been lazy but I’m saying maybe the emotion is different, maybe he feels different playing in the Morocco shirt to the Angers one, where there’s a whole country behind you, your family." DON'T MISS...Kieran Trippier was ignored by Newcastle stars on nightmare debutArsenal hire YouTube sensation Tekkers Guru as attacking phase coachAl-Nassr coach issues first instructions to Cristiano Ronaldo Orta insisted it is not wise to judge a player based purely on their World Cup performances. He pointed out that several players have enjoyed incredible tournaments, only to not translate those displays consistently on the domestic stage. "All of that makes you contextualise the performance and I don’t want to talk about [Toto] Schillaci in the 90s, [Gheorghe] Hagi...those one hit wonders, players who did brilliantly in a World Cup but their career wasn’t the same," he continued. "Ounahi is playing incredibly, in an incredible context, but you have to take him out of that context and see. It’s good to praise and say he’s performed well, but to sign a player for that after five games; I wish he could have a great career from that but I invite everyone to watch 20 Angers matches and see that maybe he’s a different player."