A lip reader has claimed to uncover a brutal comment made by Zara Tindall to Prince Harry in which she ruthlessly insulted his wedding. Despite the claims made in Harry’s new book, the Royal Family are typically known to be a close-knit bunch, open to amusing jibes and criticism - but the comment allegedly made by Ms Tindall during Princess Eugenie’s wedding may have overstepped the line. According to the Mirror, a lip-reader has analysed a moment at which Eugenie’s cousin turned to Harry and Meghan to compare their wedding with the one they were attending in 2018. Princess Eugenie’s wedding to Jack Brooksbank took place at the same location as that of Prince Harry and Meghan - in St George’s Chapel in Windsor. Hundreds of guests attended, including Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss and popstars Ricky Martin and Ellie Goulding. But naturally the best seats in the house were for Eugenie’s beloved cousins, including Zara and her husband Mike and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The lipreader revealed the quip they believe Zara made to Harry just before the ceremony began. READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' [REVEAL] Leaning back to say a few words to her cousin, the lip reader claims Zara told the Prince: "It's very quiet compared to the screaming at your wedding." Looking confused, Harry appears to have responded, “Mine?” While both weddings did take place at the same venue, the events were largely very different occasions. Prince Andrew remarked at the time that his daughter had more guests at her wedding because she had “so many friends”. However, Eugenie is said to have been upset on her wedding day, as Meghan used to occasion to tell members of the family she was pregnant.  The official announcement of her pregnancy with Archie was made later, at the beginning of their royal tour of Australia and New Zealand. In their book Royals at War, investigative journalists Dylan Howard and Andy Tillett claimed Meghan made the decision to tell people - and it didn't go down well with Harry They claimed it left the Duke of Sussex "embarrassed", and Princess Eugenie and her mum Sarah Ferguson "furious". They wrote: "Meghan put her foot in it when she decided that it would be the ideal moment to announce that she and Harry were expecting their first child. This was a huge social gaffe, even if you were not a Royal – stealing the limelight from Eugenie, who was furious, as was her mother, Sarah." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry 'roared' at Meghan's Christmas present before binning it [REVEAL]Mike and Zara Tindall mimic Harry and Meghan with same sweet nickname [INSIGHT]Expert shares whether or not Zara Tindall can wear mini dresses [ANALYSIS] Since marrying in 2018, the Eugenie and Jack have welcomed their first child - a son called August Philip, who is almost two. They now split their time between London and Portugal. In a sweet moment in a documentary that aired in late 2021, honouring Eugenie's late grandfather Prince Philip, she revealed young August got to meet his great-grandfather shortly before his death. August was born on February 9, 2021, and holding back the tears, Eugenie explained: "We named August, August Philip because grandpa has been such a huge, inspiring character in my life. We were very lucky to do that."