Arsenal could see themselves make history in signing Mykhaylo Mudryk with the Ukrainian tipped by several people in football to win the Ballon d'Or. No Arsenal player in the club's history has ever won the prestigious award with Thierry Henry coming closest in 2003. The iconic Frenchman was beaten by Pavel Nedved to the award that year as French Football awarded the then-Juventus star for his heroics in helping the Italian side win the Champions League. Arsenal women's star Beth Mead also matched Henry's feat in 2022 as she finished runners-up to Spain’s Alexia Putellas in the Ballon d'Or list. But the wait for a Ballon d'Or winner at Arsenal may not be far away if the Gunners complete a move for Mudryk. That's the opinion of both Taras Stepanenko and Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi. Stepanenko plays alongside Mudryk at Shakhtar Donetsk and knows better than most just how talented the Ukrainian winger is. And, speaking back in August, Stepanenko tipped his compatriot to one day lift football's coveted prize. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “(Does he have the) potential to win the Ballon d’Or? Why not? Yes, he has everything,” he said five months ago “He works, lives by football. The main thing is that he does not pay attention to what is said about him around. “One day he will produce a super game, one day he will be invisible. But he will gradually raise his level.” Those words were echoed recently by De Zerbi, who spent last season in charge of Shakhtar and working closely with Mudryk.  The 22-year-old began to show his talents on the European stage during De Zerbi's reign, including a match against PFK Lviv where he provided four assists. He's carried that form into this year and set the Champions League alight with three goals in the group stage. De Zerbi has ruled out Brighton making a move for the winger but followed Stepanenko's comments by predicting Mudryk to win the Ballon d'Or in the future. "Mudryk is a fantastic player, but Brighton can't buy him," De Zerbi said last month. "I think Mudryk can win the Ballon d'Or in the future. I know the value of Mudryk. He has the potential to win the Ballon d'Or."