Prince Harry shared details of a heated confrontation with his brother in which he invoked the name of Diana, Princess of Wales, their mother - something he said only ever happend "in times of extreme crisis". In an extract from his new memoir, Spare, read out during the course of his interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, the Duke, 38, said: "He forced me to look into his eyes and said 'Listen to me. I love you. I want you to hear the words out of my mouth. I love you but your stubbornness is extraordinary'. "And I looked away again. He grabbed me again, forcing me to maintain eye contact. "'However, you must listen to me. I just want you to be happy. 'I swear, I swear on mommy's life'." Harry continued: "We stopped. The secret code, the universal password. "Ever since we were boys those three words were to be used only in times of extreme crisis on mummy's life for nearly 25 years we've reserved the times when one of us needed to be heard." Harry went on to say he could not believe his brother "went there" when he referred to the code. Despite William's plea, there was to be no reconciliation - although Harry passionately insisted he believed one is still possible, while appearing to lay much of the blame for the rift at the feet of his brother. The Duke of Sussex also said he only cried once after the death of his mother, and has described feelings of guilt in one of a series of interviews ahead of the publication of his memoir. JUST IN: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' He also admitted to feeling "some guilt" when walking among the gathered crowds outside Kensington Palace, saying the only time he cried was at his mother's burial. He told Mr Bradby: "Everyone knows where they were and what they were doing the night my mother died. "I cried once, at the burial, and you know I go into detail about how strange it was and how actually there was some guilt that I felt, and I think William felt as well, by walking around the outside of Kensington Palace." The Duke of Sussex has said he only cried once after the death of his mother, and has described feelings of guilt in one of a series of interviews ahead of the publication of his memoir. DON'T MISSPrince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION]Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] Harry described feeling the mourners' tears on his hands when he shook them. He said: "There were 50,000 bouquets of flowers to our mother and there we were shaking people's hands, smiling. "I've seen the videos, right, I looked back over it all. And the wet hands that we were shaking, we couldn't understand why their hands were wet, but it was all the tears that they were wiping away. "Everyone thought and felt like they knew our mum, and the two closest people to her, the two most loved people by her, were unable to show any emotion in that moment."