The ITV comedy tells the story of a group of sisters who have always been the best of friends until they are forced to sell the family home after a heartbreaking death. The women start to clash as the sale progresses and as family secrets begin to emerge. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Nicole is one of the sisters who has a son called Connor (Sonny Lackey) and is married to Stuart. She is played by Amanda Abbington, a 48-year-old English actress known for her roles in Mr Selfridge and Sherlock. Her fiancé Jonathan Goodwin is going from strength to strength after he was left paralysed by a fireball stunt. The actress postponed her wedding to the America's Got Talent star after the accident.  Yvette is also dealing with the loss of her parents as one of the four sisters. She is played by Clare Calbraith, a 49-year-old English actress known for Home Fires and Downton Abbey. Viewers may also recognise her from The Shadow Line.  When Ursula helps her sisters clean up their parents' belongings, she uncovers one of her father's dark secrets. She is played by Claire Keelan, a 47-year-old English actress known for Nathan Barley and No Heroics. Gaynor is the last of the four sisters and she is married to Greg, with a daughter called Poppy (Nellie Slaven). The role marks one of Mardell's most recent since she left Coronation Street as Emma Brooker. She announced her departure from the show in February 2022, with the actress saying it was the 'right time' to go.   READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Stuart is Nicole's husband and father to Connor, and he is played by Kieran O'Brien. The actor, 49, is known for Coronation Street, HolbyBlue and The Full Monty stage production. Greg is Gaynor's husband and he is played by James Nelson-Joyce. The star may be recognised from his roles in Safe, Industry, The Responder and The Outlaws. Austin appears to be a partner of one of the sisters and he is played by Richard Pepple. The actor appeared in the series COBRA and has just finished working on the Amazon Prime Video hit, The Rig. His other credits include Gangs of London and Line of Duty. Connor is Nicole's son and he is played by Sonny Lackey. The Scouse actor, 14, said he was "still pinching himself" after landing the role. He told The Liverpool Echo: "I still can't believe it. I just wake up and pinch myself because I feel like I'm just in the longest dream ever." He only started classes in 2019. DON'T MISS... EastEnders proposal and exit as Lily Slater's pregnancy rocks Walford [INSIFGHT] Maternal star brands on-screen fling with co-star's husband as 'weird' [INTERVIEW] Maternal creator on 'really hard' experience which inspired series [INSIGHT] Poppy is the daughter of Gaynor and she is played by Nellie Slaven. Not much is known about the young actress at this moment in time. Not much is known about the character Nadiya but she is played by Roya Amini. The actress played Rupinder in an episode of Coronation Street and she recently starred in We Are Not Alone.  Not much is known about Hasim ahead of the show's launch but he is played by Jordan Akkaya. The actor is a soap star, having had roles in Hollyoaks, Coronation Street and Casualty. Even in grief, the messy lives of the characters continue as they learn new things about each other. The Family Pile airs on ITV on January 17 from 9.30pm.