Prince Harry’s book has given the public an unprecedented glimpse into life behind the scenes as a member of the Royal Family. Delving into familial relationships, official duty and tensions within the Palace, the Duke of Sussex has revealed a slew of secrets pertaining to both him and his family. He explained his reasoning for writing Spare was he wanted the “truth to come from his lips”, telling journalist Tom Bradby he had tried to reconcile with the UK-based royals privately to no avail. However, the Prince also claimed he feels a “responsibility” to change the monarchy, pointing out flaws that need to be fixed. In an interview with The Telegraph, Harry said he especially wants to change the way the institution works for the sake of his nieces and nephews — Prince William’s children. Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, are third, fourth and fifth in line to the throne. “I know that out of those three children, at least one will end up like me, the spare,” the Duke said. “And that hurts, it worries me,” he added. “He [William] has made it very clear to me that his kids are not my responsibility.” Nevertheless, Harry explained he likes to “fix” things and was approaching his mission with “long-term, strategic thinking”.  “This is not about trying to collapse the monarchy — this is about trying to save them from themselves. I know that I will get crucified by numerous people saying that,” he said. The Royal Family has not responded to any of Harry’s claims or allegations. Instead, they have carried on with public duties as usual. Royal commentators suspect they will maintain their silence for the time being. Rachel Burchfield and Jessica Robinson, hosts of Podcast Royal, discussed what impact Harry’s book might have on the Firm on their latest episode. “I don't think we're going to hear or see anything from the monarchy, at least not right now,” said Ms Burchfield. “Also, I'll put myself out on a limb and say, I don't think that this is going to cause long-term damage for the monarchy.”  Ms Robinson added: “I think the monarchy will weather the storm as they have weathered many other storms in the past. So I don't know that we'll see long-term damage just from this book… It's been around for a long time and I think it will continue to be around.” However, the commentators did speculate some positive changes that could come as a result of Harry’s honesty. “Will it cause change? I hope so,” Ms Burchfield said. “I hope there are positive changes that can happen within the system, especially when it comes to the time George and Charlotte and Louis are getting married.” She went on to express optimism that women will be welcomed more openly into the Royal Family, noting the treatment of Meghan Markle, Kate, Princess of Wales, Queen Consort Camilla, Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson.  “I hope, as far as change, we figure some things out to welcome women — and men — into the family,” she said, adding: “But I don't think the monarchy is in jeopardy after this book. I do think they can read the book and if they're thoughtful and mindful, take some of the criticisms about the institution about the firm and make them. “I hope that this book is not for nothing.” Ms Burchfield went on to refer to Harry’s concerns over younger members of the Royal Family being labelled as the ‘Spare’ in the future, agreeing that it can have “damaging” effects. “If that's a change that can come from this, then that's great,” she said. It has previously been reported that William and Kate are making an effort to “break the cycle” of the seemingly doomed royal “heir and spare dynamic”. Kinsey Schofield, the founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com previously told Express.co.uk: “There’s this heir and spare dynamic that we have been talking about for the last few years, in which the spare typically is so completely lost and they fall into trouble. We look at Princess Margaret, Prince Andrew and now Prince Harry.”  “I don’t think that it’s going to happen to Prince William’s children,” she continued. “I believe that this is where they’re going to break the cycle. I think that they’re going to stop with the spare talk and I think the ‘necessity’ for a spare ends now.” The author of the upcoming book ‘R is for Revenge Dress’ added: “I think we’ll see his children go off to school, find careers that they’re sincerely passionate about and be an adult in a way that we never got to see Margaret or Andrew do. “They were just content with living off the purse, waving at strangers. I think that William’s children will be encouraged to find their purpose and pursue those things, and it not really being about waiting to see if something happens to the heir.”