Following Sunday's play-off clashes, it has now been confirmed that Jason Kelce will meet brother Travis in the Super Bowl on February 12. It's the first time that brothers will ever face one another in the biggest NFL game of them all, but Jason has already stated that he will be putting family aside during the match. The Philadelphia Eagles will face the Kansas City Chiefs in the Super Bowl, meaning that both Kelce brothers will be in Arizona on the big day. The Eagles eased past a wounded San Francisco 49ers side on Sunday before the Chiefs scored a late field goal to beat the Cincinnati Bengals just hours later. Both Kelce brothers had huge parts to play for their respected sides, and it's earned them both a Super Bowl ticket. But there will be no family love once kick-off arrives, with both brothers battling one another to lift their second-ever Super Bowl. Both Travis and Jason have one Super Bowl ring to their name, and the Eagles star has confirmed that he will no longer be supporting his brother this season. "Officially done being a Chiefs fan this season," Jason tweeted after the NFL was reduced to just two final teams on Sunday. The duo are very close, and even host a podcast together. Their podcasts over the next two weeks are set to do huge numbers as fans flock to see what is discussed ahead of the big game. But there is also one other family dilemma to resolve, how their parents handle the game. Both the mum and dad to the Kelce brothers are known for being huge supporters of their talented NFL stars, and are regularly in attendance watching on. They've even flown from one stadium to another in the past, in order to watch both of their sons in the same day. Thankfully for them, they will both be inside the same stadium on February 12, but fans are speculating whether they'll have to wear split jerseys, or flip a coin. It'll also be a tough moment come the final score, as one of their sons will be a winner, while the other is a runner-up. Either way, it's still a huge achievement for the family, and the brothers will make history no matter what in the Super Bowl. It's expected to be a brilliant occasion, with both no.1 seeds in each conference making it all the way. The Eagles are yet to endure a close game this postseason, thrashing both the New York Giants and the 49ers. The Chiefs have found it tougher against the Jacksonville Jaguars and the Bengals, and will be the biggest test yet for the Eagles.