Novak Djokovic’s first meeting with his coach Goran Ivanisevic has been revealed as retired pro Nikola Pilic explained how he got the 2001 Wimbledon champion to meet with the Serb when he was just 14 years old. The 83-year-old claimed that Ivanisevic knew the 22-time Grand Slam champion was determined from their first encounter as the Croat now works as Djokovic’s sole coach. Djokovic made history on Sunday as the first player to hit double digits at the Australian Open, winning his 10th trophy in Melbourne and 22nd overall Grand Slam to tie Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles record. The world No 1’s coach later claimed it was the “best” win he had experienced with his charge given everything he had faced over the fortnight including a hamstring injury. “Not only because of all what happened last year and he came back, but [the] last three weeks, they were extremely hard,” Ivanisevic said after the final. “I thought I saw everything in 2021 when he won here with the abdominal tear. This one was unbelievable.” After experiencing his most significant victory with the 35-year-old, a fellow retired Croatian pro has now explained how he facilitated the very first meeting between Ivanisevic and Djokovic 21 years ago, in what makes their current partnership sound like fate. “One day when Novak was in my academy, he was only 14 years old, I played with Goran for two hours,” Pilic told Jutarnji. JUST IN: Zverev to face no action from ATP as abuse investigation concludes   “I told Goran: ‘Let's play with this little guy for five minutes.’ That's where they met for the first time.” The 1973 French Open finalist also shared just how much Djokovic impressed the former world No 2, prompting Ivanisevic to have an extended hit with the youngster. He continued: “They played for a full 25 minutes because Novak concentrated and played fantastically. Goran was a star for him then.” And Pilic thought the pair had been able to strike up a successful player-coach relationship two decades later as he tipped Djokovic to win even more Major titles. DON'T MISSZverev receives reality check in injury comeback as stars weigh inBecker's strong Djokovic and Nadal retirement view with one conditionBecker discloses Djokovic's view on GOAT race vs Nadal and Federer “It works well between them,” he added. “This is their eighth Grand Slam together and I mean, God forbid it will continue. Novak, if he is healthy, can win several more Grand Slams in the next two to three years.” And Ivanisevic appeared to agree following the Aussie Open final, saying he saw his charge playing for “definitely two, three more years.” He explained: “The way he's taking care of his body, the way he approach about everything, the food, it's amazing. It's unbelievable the level.” 