Borussia Dortmund expect to 'flush out' Jude Bellingham's leading pursuers after naming their mammoth transfer demands ahead of the summer. Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Real Madrid are at the forefront of links, but the successful suitor must be prepared to empty their pockets. Bellingham will be the subject of the summer's biggest transfer battle after becoming a superstar in his short time at Dortmund. The 19-year-old has flourished into one of Europe's best midfielders and has become an England regular since leaving boyhood club Birmingham City for £22million in 2020. And Dortmund plan to play hard-ball for their most prized asset, tabling their financial demands to part ways with him at the end of the season. According to The Sun, the Bundesliga giants have told interested parties that they will have to pay around £100m upfront to have any chance of signing Bellingham this year. Dortmund have placed a £130m price tag on his head and want most of the fee paid when the transfer goes through, with the rest in instalments if required. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The sizable valuation means Bellingham would be the most expensive Premier League player of all time, eclipsing the £100m Man City paid for Jack Grealish, if an English outfit win the race. But the report claims Real are confident they can make Bellingham their latest Galactico signing, and there is a growing sense that Man City join them as the two most likely destinations. Liverpool and United face a fight to finish in the top four and will likely need Champions League football to trump the financial might and European draw of Real and City. Dortmund expect that demanding a nine-figure fee upfront, plus his £300,000-per-week wage demands and chunky signing bonus, will thin out the contenders for Bellingham's signature. DON'T MISS: Arsenal and Newcastle may benefit from King Charles omen The Black and Yellow partly want a large base fee due to Birmingham's sell-on clause in his contract, handing the Championship club five per cent of any sale. Pep Guardiola has assets to cash in on to bolster his funds, valuing Bernardo Silva at around £75m with Barcelona still lurking. Ilkay Gundogan is also out of contract in July. City may fancy their chances against Real, who recruited another of Europe's most exciting young midfielders last summer, Aurelien Tchouameni. However, Los Blancos missed out on Erling Haaland to the Premier League champions and will be desperate to avoid a repeat. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here