Liverpool defender Andy Robertson has hit out at his team-mates for their role in the 3-1 defeat to Brentford before he came on the pitch. The Scotland international came on at half-time when the Reds were trailing 2-0.  Robertson told Viaplay: "Obviously we didn't do what we were supposed to do. It's as simple as that. "We didn't have any runners in-behind, we didn't have anyone high and wide, we didn't have anyone in spaces, we couldn't keep the ball, we lost the second balls, balls in-behind they dealt with, set-pieces they dealt with. So yeah, when you all add all those things up, you're never going to get a result at this place. "We knew what Brentford are good at, it's not hard to work out what they're good at, and they're very consistent at it. We were prepared as to what we were expecting but obviously just struggled with it. READ MORE: Gary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from brain cancer  "Set-pieces were a huge weapon for them, the first two goals came from that, that's hugely disappointing from our point of view. You go in at half-time at 2-0 down and you have to fight an uphill battle. "We tried, the first 15-20 minutes of the second half I thought we pushed well, we got a goal, we obviously got one chalked off, we had a couple of half chances and then we started to commit more bodies forward the later it got and we got hit on the counter-attack. "I don't think we can have any complaints about the result today, about where the three points went, I think Brentford deserved it and that's why we find ourselves in the position that we're in." MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 