Cristiano Ronaldo ended 2022 with a bang by completing a free transfer to Al-Nassr last month after Manchester United terminated his contract during the Qatar World Cup. However, he could have sensationally reunited with Jose Mourinho at AS Roma instead of starting a new chapter in Saudi Arabia. Ronaldo has joined Al-Nassr on a two-and-a-half-year contract worth £177million, potentially ending his illustrious career in Europe. After his United exit in November, speculation about his next destination was rife, with the five-time Ballon d'Or winner reportedly keen to stay in the continent to extend his Champions League goalscoring record. And, according to La Repubblica, Mourinho was keen to take him to Roma to bolster their Serie A and Europa League ambitions. The Portuguese coach helmed Real Madrid from 2010 to 2013, winning one La Liga title with Ronaldo in the team. But a Roma switch didn't come to fruition this winter, and the 37-year-old striker admitted he rejected approaches from Europe to join Al-Nassr. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Jose Mourinho reportedly wanted to reunite with Cristiano Ronaldo at Roma. At his unveiling, he said: "I want to change the mentality of the new generation. I am so proud of making this big decision in my life and my career. My work in Europe is done. I played for all the most important clubs. I had many opportunities in Europe. Many clubs in Brazil, Australia, in the US and even Portugal. "For me, this is a good chance, with my knowledge and experience, to grow very important clubs. "I want to help many different points and the Al-Nassr's woman's team. I want to change the perspective of many people." DON'T MISS: Houssem Aouar 'agreed to join' Arsenal before £55m hitch but now free  Ronaldo's unveiling was on Tuesday, but he's being made to wait for his debut while he serves a two-match FA ban. He was punished for smashing a phone out of an Everton fan's hand in frustration after United lost at Goodison Park last summer. It means he watched this week's Saudi Pro League clash with Al-Tai from the stands as the fans present heralded him with chants and cries of 'Sui'. He could be in line for his debut against none other than Lionel Messi when a Saudi All-Star XI face Paris Saint-Germain in the Riyadh Season Cup on January 19. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here