Novak Djokovic produced a statement performance to ease past Alex de Minaur 6-2 6-1 6-2 in two hours and six minutes in the fourth round of the Australian Open. It comes after the fourth seed struggled with his hamstring injury in the first week of the tournament, requiring multiple medical time-outs in his first three rounds, but he cruised through on Monday without needing any treatment to tame any major fears over his physical issue. Djokovic and de Minaur were facing off for the first time in their careers, with the fourth seed coming into the match with question marks lingering over his ongoing hamstring injury. He previously admitted that the issue was “really bad” in his second and third rounds but came out firing against the 22nd seed. From halfway through the first set, the Serb went into another gear and broke the 23-year-old to love to lead 4-2. He dropped just two more points in the rest of the opener, creating a set point on de Minaur’s serve two games later and taking it 6-2 after just 35 minutes. The blows kept on coming for the world No 25 as Djokovic proved relentless, and broke de Minaur twice to start the second set. He raced to a 5-0 lead before the Aussie finally snapped his nine-game streak with a service hold to get himself on the board in set number two. JUST IN: Stefanos Tsitsipas sent revenge warning ahead of Lehecka clash  Djokovic quickly restored order by serving out a two-set lead in the next game and he once again went on a run as he followed his pattern from the second set, breaking the six-time title winner twice to lead 4-0. De Minaur was in trouble again at deuce on his serve but managed to hold on to end another run of games for the Serb at five but the world No 5 continued to breathe down his neck, setting up a match point on the Aussie's serve at 1-5. He kept Djokovic at bay for once last game before the 21-time Grand Slam winner stepped up to serve for the match, closing it out 6-2 6-1 6-2 to earn his 25th-consecutive victory at the Australian Open and reach a 54th Grand Slam quarter-final. DON'T MISS Rublev red-faced in Aus Open blunder after 'anyone but Novak' claimBen Shelton brushes off awkward Aus Open question after historic winNick Kyrgios shares rude photo as star undergoes knee surgery   Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Djokovic will now face Andrey Rublev in the quarter-finals, in what will be their fourth meeting. The pair have never met at a Grand Slam, and the Serb leads their head-to-head by two wins to one loss, with the fifth seed’s one win coming in the final of Belgrade last year while Djokovic beat him at the ATP Finals in 2021 and 2022. And Djokovic already appears to have the upper hand ahead of their meeting, as the world No 6 voiced his fear over facing the nine-time Aussie Open champion in the next round. “No one wants to face Novak. I prefer to be in any other part of the draw but not Novak,” he told the crowd after beating Holger Rune in five sets. 