Liam Manifold, a maintenance engineer from Tutbury, Staffordshire placed £10 on a series of bets with expected odds of 1,495/1 on the World Cup. He predicted that Argentina would overall win the World Cup, that France would make the final match and that Lionel Messi would be named player of the tournament.    The day after the Final, on December 19, Liam went to collect his winnings from a Coral gambling shop in Horningflow, only to find out that he would not be receiving the expected amount. A spokesman for Coral has said the events were “closely related to each other so the prices offered on them individually could not be included in a multiple bet”. The company added it had made a “very fair and generous offer for the settlement of the bet” which Liam claims to be £660 after expecting to win almost £15,000. Liam has said the company should pay the expected winnings as his tremble was accepted without any issue, but Coral has claimed Liam wrote the odds of the bet on the slip himself.    Liam has said he had planned on spending his winnings on buying a mobility scooter for his disabled dad and then putting the rest into savings. He explained: “I went to cash in the bet and they said it shouldn't have been placed and offered me £660 for it.” Liam has said he is currently going through an independent complaints committee and is waiting to hear back from them. He added: “When I placed the bet the guy behind the counter said it was absolutely fine. They're now saying it's a related bet.” READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops Liam added that the experience had been “very frustrating” and said: “It's now two weeks after the final and I don't seem to be getting anywhere. “If there's an error it's their fault for accepting the bet.” Speaking about the money, Liam said: “Just under £15,000 for a big betting company is pennies for them, but for me it's a life-changing amount of money. “My dad's disabled so I was going to buy him a new disability scooter and keep the rest in savings.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Man Utd boss Ten Hag makes complaint after Bournemouth win [REPORT]Newcastle boss Howe explains Arteta clash and gives transfer update [INSIGHT]     A spokesman for Coral spoke on Liam’s situation and explained more about the betting procedure, and said: “If Argentina and France have made the final, then the odds of Argentina winning it are clearly much shorter than they were at the outset. “If Argentina have then won the World Cup, the chances of Messi being player of the tournament will be long odds-on. “So we have settled the bet in the fairest way possible, paying out on the event with the biggest price, an Argentina v France final, at 22/1, and then on the basis that had happened, we applied the price of Argentina winning the final which was 10/11 before the game. "And then on the basis that Argentina had won the cup, we applied an over-generous price on Messi to be player of the tournament at 1/2, as the odds on that happening should Argentina have won the World Cup would have been much shorter." The company has also claimed that the price on the slip had been “written on by the customer not the member of staff.” The spokesman added: “We have settled the bet in line with our terms and conditions, and we have made a very fair and generous offer for the settlement of the bet that exceeds what would have been the odds of such an eventuality had a customer asked for rush specific treble on December 11.” 