Prince William reportedly fears his brother Prince Harry could use King Charles's Coronation to stage a "stunt" which would overshadow the historic event. As the Prince of Wales, William is likely working closely with his father and organisers of the Coronation to make sure the event is in tune with the country and the modern world. Buckingham Palace has released a few details regarding the Coronation and the weekend of celebrations during which the event will take place. However, officials have remained tight-lipped over the guestlist and whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be among the royals at Westminster Abbey on May 6. King Charles reportedly thinks the absence of his second son and daughter-in-law would be more disruptive to the event than their presence. His heir, however, is concerned that, unless Harry's trip to the UK for the Coronation is tightly scripted, he could steal the limelight, the Mail on Sunday wrote. The publication also claimed the King has asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, which celebrated Meghan and Harry's wedding in May 2018, to broker a deal that would allow the Duke and Duchess to attend the Coronation. A source close to Prince William told the Mail they were not aware of any such negotiations over the Coronation. This comes after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex launched a number of allegations and criticism against the Firm in recent weeks - during their six-part Netflix documentary, in Harry's memoir and in the interviews that accompanied the book's launch. Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace commented on any of the claims made by the Duke and Duchess since December. READ MORE: Prince Edward hailed as ‘perfect’ for Duke of Edinburgh title Speaking with Anderson Cooper for a special CBS' 60 Minutes appearance, Harry said that what he described in his book as a "full-scale rupture" with his family can be healed - adding the "ball is very much in [the Royal Family's] court". He continued: "Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologize for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." In the last episode of the docu-series - which was focused on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's romance, struggles with media attention and relationship with the Royal Family - Harry said he had to "make peace with the fact that we're probably never gonna get genuine accountability or a genuine apology" from the Firm, adding he and Meghan are "moving on". A rapprochement, however, may be possible as royal insiders believe there is a chance to hold peace talks between Harry, the King and William. A source told the Sunday Times earlier this month: "It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done, it’s fixable. "It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of ‘his people’ he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed. Someone like Elf [Ed Lane Fox, Harry’s former private secretary] and Christopher [Lord Geidt, the late Queen’s former private secretary who advised the Sussexes]. "Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’. The King can do it." William, who in Prince Harry's memoir Spare is accused of physically attacking his brother during a confrontation focused on Meghan, is "loyal to the throne and understands what needs to be done for the country", the source added.