 In his memoir, which accidentally hit shelves early in Spain, Prince Harry suggests that his brother thought he was being harmed by therapy. The Duke of Sussex recalls making a televised speech at the WellChild awards in 2019, saying he was almost overcome by emotion and was briefly unable to speak. He describes being overwhelmed when confronted by the suffering of the families while thinking of his baby son, Archie, at home. He goes on to say that Prince William, who was overseas at the time, immediately contacted him to express his concern.  Harry writes: “I had become emotional in a room full of sick kids and their families because I too had been a father for a short while; it wasn’t that weird.” The then-Duke of Cambridge told Harry he needed help, the younger prince writes, texting him from Pakistan noting that he was clearly struggling. Harry claims he responded by reminding his brother that he was already seeing a psychologist and had been for several months. He goes on to say William had previously asked to attend a session, worrying Harry was being “brainwashed”. However, ultimately, the Prince of Wales did not go along. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William: How royal rift broke brothers' 'unique bond'   The Duke reveals that he had to “work hard” to keep his texts to his brother civil, but following the children’s award ceremony, an angry exchange of messages between the brothers ensued, lasting over 72 hours. Harry said: “His strategy was obvious: I wasn’t well, so I wasn’t sane either, and that’s why I was behaving questionably.” However, his recent claim contradicts the groundbreaking podcast interview he gave in 2017 about his mental health. Harry told listeners he loved his life as a member of the Royal Family and expressed his gratitude to William for persuading him to get professional help, contrasting with the unhappiness he now expresses and his assertion on William’s standpoint on his journey with therapy.   His appearance on the Mad World podcast, hosted by mental health activist Bryony Gordon, indicated he was content with his royal life. Recorded when he was dating his future wife Meghan Markle, Harry spoke of William's impact on his decision to seek professional mental health care. He told Ms Gordon: “It’s all about timing and for me personally my brother, you know bless him, he was a huge support to me. He kept saying: ‘This is not right, this is not normal, you need to talk to [someone] about stuff. It’s OK.’ ” In his autobiography’s acknowledgements, the Duke of Sussex thanks numerous experts for keeping him physically and emotionally strong. He expresses his gratitude for the Californian “energy practitioner” John Amaral, whose work addresses “fight or flight” mode. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks cover to go on dog walk after William attack claim [REVEAL]Inside 'Nott Cott' kitchen where Harry claims William 'attacked him' [INSIGHT]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [ANALYSIS]  Mr Amaral featured in a viral video demonstrating his technique on the American dancer and actress Julianne Hough. The Dancing with the Stars favourite appeared to be writhing and yelping in the video, behaviour explained as a dissipation of energy to result in a feeling of release. Harry also thanks the London chiropractor Ben Carraway, the physiotherapist Kevin Lidlow, the consultant clinical psychologist Lesley Parkinson, the acupuncturist Ross Barr and the personal fitness consultant Winston Squire. However, he opted not to name the UK-based therapist whom he credits with “helping unravel years of unresolved trauma”.  TV presenters Oprah Winfrey and James Corden are also thanked in the book, along with Coldplay singer Chris Martin.