Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's neighbours in the Californian enclave of Montecito are "beginning to question" the couple. Montecito residents have aired their views following the latest revelations from Harry's memoir Spare. Many quizzed about the couple were fed up, with one man saying: "Why are they doing this?" Another woman added: "My friends turn their nose up at it all." Questioning the neighbours, Martha Kelner told Sky News: "As the TV and book deals mount up, neighbours are beginning to question the motives behind their media offensive." Oprah Winfrey, Gwyneth Paltrow and Ellen DeGeneres all have multi-million dollar estates in the luxurious Californian enclave. One resident said "The story is interesting because it keeps evolving. It's he said, she said. It makes great television." JUST IN: King could punish Harry and Meghan with 'nuclear option' after claims  When asked whether the US was on the Sussexes' side, he responded: "My observation is that most women are on Meghan's side. "Most men are just wondering why are they doing this?" One woman, a former TV executive living in Montecito, said: "My friends turn their nose up at it all "People hear they get a $100m contract with Netflix. They are making that money, it's not theirs. It's for their company and their staff. "So I'm sure it's partly due to a lifestyle they want, and so an element of all this will be them thinking 'what can we sell'."  Tecolote, a local bookshop in Montecito, has placed a large order for copies of the memoir. Its part-owner Mary Sheldon told Sky News that people were interested in the "soap opera" aspect of the drama, rather than the politics. She said: "I was excited when I found out it was coming. "I called my publisher and told him to put in an order, it's one of the books we order by the carton, people are definitely excited about reading it here." DON'T MISS: Charles is ready to forgive, Harry just needs to pick up the phone [COMMENT]Starmer nearly doubles lead over Sunak in best PM tracker poll [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's ambushes on Firm 'took toll' on Queen [LIVE BLOG]  She added: "People are interested in how it affected the Queen before she passed away, that sort of thing. "I think people are interested in the book because of the family dynamics and comparing the Royal Family to their family. "They're not really interested in the politics of it. "It's a soap opera and everyone wants to know what happens in the next episode." However, Ms Kelner noted that there was generally more sympathy for the couple in the US compared to the UK. Skylar Baker-Jordan, an American media commentator, said: "I think Americans look at Prince Harry and see a vulnerable young man who is being emotionally honest - perhaps for the first time in his life. "The British tend to see a spoiled rich kid with every privilege life can afford moaning about the gilded cage he's found himself in." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. 