Amanda Abbington was inundated with messages of support after she spoke candidly about the impact of menopause on her joints. The Sherlock actress asked for help as she admitted the pain was "f*****g killing me". The 48-year-old addressed her 235,000 followers as she opened up about the debilitating pain. Taking to Twitter on January 26 she asked for people to offer their advice. She wrote: "To all the menopause and peri-menopausal ladies: do your joints really hurt? Mine are f****n killing me. Namely my wrists, my left hip joint and my f***** knee. Help!" Amanda was flooded with responses as social media users shared their concerns for the actress. READ MORE: Sylvia Syms dies aged 89 as Ex-EastEnders star's family share news Caroline Hirons wrote: "Please tell me you're on HRT? Or considering it. Life changing." The actress replied: "I’m not! I should look into it shouldn’t I?" Martine Croxall responded: "My whole body aches every morning. Four days on HRT patches, all symptoms gone. Recommend!" Andrew White tweeted: "My wifes' certainly do Amanda - gets worse in cold weather too."  Laure advised: "Yoga is your friend - daily Yoga with Adrienne just 20 mins."(sic) "Get yourself checked for arthritis/ rheumatoid arthritis too. My aunty developed that around menopause. Better to be safe. All the best," Natasha shared. MP Carolyn Harris added: "Yes but much better since started hrt x." Menopause and perimenopause symptoms can have a big impact on your daily life and can affect women differently. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan brands Alan Cumming 'pathetic' after OBE return[LATEST]Death In Paradise's Ralf Little's ‘awful' moment Judi Dench witnessed[TV]Countdown’s Susie Dent hints at future on show while addressing errors[ADMISSION] Common physical symptoms of menopause and perimenopause include hot flushes, headaches, muscle aches and joint pains, according to the NHS. Amanda recently opened up about her husband Jonathan Goodwin's health. It comes after he appeared on American's Got Talent in 2021 and was left paralysed after an accident. The stuntman was supposed to escape a straight jacket while upside down 30ft in the air in between two suspended cars. However, unable to escape the jacket, Jonathan was crushed by the two cars which were on fire. Amanda joined ITV presenter Lorraine earlier this month, she asked: "How is your lovely man?" The actress beamed with pride and expressed: "He's amazing! Yeah, he just makes me smile!" Lorraine laughed: "See, I mentioned him, just as you were sitting down I said 'how is your gorgeous man?' and you lit up, you lit up, you lucky thing!" Gushing over her husband, Amanda revealed: "Yeah, he is amazing and I love him to bits. He is going from strength to strength, he's got loads of things going on and he is delighted." She added: "I forget that he is in a wheelchair, he is just very independent and very strong. "He genuinely is my hero because nothing fazes him at all, I don't know what I would do without him, I really don't."