During Wednesday's Loose Women, Ruth Langsford led the panel as they discussed a number of interesting topics. However, things took an unexpected turn when they chatted about their marriages and relationships. The former This Morning presenter asked her co-stars, how they get what they want from their partners. However, when it came to Ruth's turn, she made a rather shocking admission about her husband Eamonn Holmes. Frankie Bridge kicked off the discussion by telling Ruth: "I'd just be miserable if I did that, it wouldn't get me anywhere. "I just think it would be weird in a relationship...I think it would be odd to use anything as some sort of leverage. "I just feel like if he did that to me with anything in our life, I'd just be like, 'Well you're not gonna get it now if you're gonna hold something over ransom.'" READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry Ruth weighed in: "I think sometimes maybe even subconsciously to improve the mood and the day goes smoothly." Her co-stars burst out laughing as she continued: "Sometimes you might go, 'Oh, I will because it will mean we'll have a nice day'." Carol agreed: "There is no doubt that it can sort of lift the mood. "I don't even need to do that. The only thing I need to do to improve Mark's mood is to make some hummus."  The panel giggled over Carol's bizarre admission as she added: "He likes it so much." Sharing her thoughts, Kelle Bryan said: "That leads nicely on to the sort of psychology. "If you know the person well and you know the psychology of what ticks their boxes. "I read a great book by Gary Chapman called the Love Languages. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as new serial killer 'exposed' [SPOILERS]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [VIDEO] "And it kind of breaks people down into the things that kind of makes them tick, makes them move and makes them feel appreciated." She added: " So whether that's, you know, sort of cuddles or hugs or compliments. "We know what makes them tick and that works a treat." This led Ruth to nod in agreement as she made an X-rated confession about Eamonn. "I find that interesting," the presenter said before adding: "Because you're gonna have all the compliments and the flowers. "But then if Eamonn comes home and he's used my car and he goes, 'I've filled the petrol up'." "I am like, 'Get upstairs'," Ruth added as the studio audience cheered with laughter. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.