A Met Police officer who admitted to being a serial rapist and sexual abuser has been dismissed from the force after a misconduct hearing. David Carrick was discovered to be one of the most prolific sex offenders in the UK after he pleaded guilty to dozens of rapes and sexual offences - all while employed by the Met. The 48-year-old attacked at least 12 women over an 18-year period throughout his career. The first rape complaint made against him was not upheld - but a second in October 2021 ultimately led to the unveiling of the predator. The force has apologised to victims after it emerged Carrick had already come to the attention of police in nine incidents across 21 years, in which he was accused of rape, domestic violence and harassment between 2000 and 2021.  Carrick is understood to have met some of his victims through dating websites, and used his role to put pressure on those he targeted - mostly taking place in Hertfordshire. He would control what the women wore, what they ate, where they slept and even stopped some of the women from speaking to their own children. He has pleaded guilty to a total of 49 offences across two decades, 24 of which were counts of rape. Jaswant Narwal, chief crown prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service, said he had been "trusted" with the role of "protecting the public", but "did the exact opposite." She added: "As time went on, the severity of his offending intensified as he became emboldened, thinking he would get away with it." Ms Narwal said the "scale of the degradation Carrick subjected his victims to is unlike anything I've encountered in my 34 years with the Crown Prosecution Service".  Carrick served with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command. He met some victims through online dating sites such as Tinder and Badoo, using his role as a police officer to gain their trust. He admitted four counts of rape, false imprisonment and indecent assault relating to a 40-year-old woman in 2003, at Southwark Crown Court on Monday. It can now be reported that Carrick had already pleaded guilty to 43 charges, including 20 counts of rape, in December. Carrick admitted raping nine women, some on multiple occasions over months or years - with many of the attacks involving violence that would have left them physically injured. He also admitted to false imprisonment charges, having multiple times forced his victims into a small cupboard under the stairs.  Harriet Wistrich, director of campaign group the Centre for Women's Justice, said: "We have known for some time that there has been a culture of impunity for such offending by police officers. Recent reports show a woefully deficient vetting and misconduct system and a largely unchallenged culture of misogyny in some sections of the Met. "That Carrick could have not only become a police officer but remain a serving officer for so long whilst he perpetrated these horrific crimes against women, is terrifying." The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said he was "absolutely sickened and appalled" by Carrick's crimes. Sir Mark Rowley, the Met commissioner, said: "We have failed. And I'm sorry. He should not have been a police officer. We haven't applied the same sense of ruthlessness to guarding our own integrity that we routinely apply to confronting criminals." 