Like nursing, no one goes into journalism for the money. Yes, there are a handful of Piers and Clarksons earning millions (though Jezza might be down the Chipping Norton foodbank himself the way things are going) but the rest, the local hacks, the independent radio types, and the poor interns, bringing you the news, they get paid a pittance. Less than nurses in fact. But do they use food banks? Well, alright, who knows? But I can tell you that we didn't.I'm obviously bringing this up because of the slightly confected row over Tory MP Simon Clark, who sparked slightly confected outrage after saying nurses who use food banks should maybe budget a bit better.Like a Pavlovian dog hearing the peal of a bell Pat Cullen, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN), accused him of displaying disdain for struggling workers. She said: "To criticise anybody using a foodbank is disgusting, heartless and dangerously out of touch."Of course, he wasn't criticising people who use food banks - just questioning why anyone on 35 grand (the average nurses' pay) should need one. Indeed a harsher critic might even question the morality of someone on 35 grand taking food from a food bank.My journo peers and I worked for many years before we earned anywhere close to £35,000-a-year. Some of them still don't.What we did do however was, er budget. And live within our means.This was not a cap-doffing acceptance of our lot in life - it was just reality.This is why, though a fan of nurses and their general cause, I am finding it hard to swallow that a nurse on £35,000 is somehow on Skid Row. Many will have a partner bringing in a second income for a start. But even in a worse financial case scenario, a single mum with kids say, yep it would be tight but would be do-able.How do I know?Done it pal.What you need of course is a budget.My mum had what she called her "housekeeping book" in the top drawer of the sideboard and every penny in and out was diligently noted down.All banks, and a gazillion apps, now offer a digital version of a housekeeping book and, let's be honest, it has never been easier to keep track of your pennies.If you want to use a food bank fair enough - but let's be honest the vast majority of nurses are sensible grown-ups and most of them will budget perfectly well and might well agree with MP Clark.I hold absolutely no brief for the Tory MP Simon Clarke, but how can you not conclude anyone earning £35,000 and claiming to be on the breadline might need to start prioritising their expenditure a bit? As luck would have it I was in hospital this week and was lucky enough to speak to some actual nurses (as opposed to their Union mouthpieces). I pointed out that some of them helped save my life last year. All were uneasy about the strike, and not even all of them thought a massive pay rise was required. What they all agreed upon however was the need to bring back the nurses' bursary so they didn't have to pay for their own training and were not left with a £60,000 debt at the very outset of their careers.If you happen to have studied law and are intent on becoming a well-paid barrister this £60k will be fairly quickly shrugged off but a nurse will carry this for years, probably decades. One of the nurses I spoke to said her daughter had followed her into the profession and was bringing up a family on a nurse's wage and, 10 years on, she was still saddled with student debt.Asking our nurses to pay for their own training is plain wrong and re-instating the bursary is a moral and economic no-brainer.But should the nurses get a 19 percent pay rise? Not touching that one with a barge-pole mate, you can make your own minds up on that - but what we do need to do is make nursing feel like a fabulous and rewarding career choice... that is if we really want the NHS we keep saying we do.