Tennis star Camila Giorgi is under investigation over allegations that she used a fake covid vaccination certificate to travel Down Under before last year’s Australian Open. The first Grand Slam of the year could begin under a shadow of controversy once again with Italian player Giorgi reportedly facing a probe for previously using false paperwork to enter the country. Giorgi’s family doctor Daniela Grillone was arrested by Italian police last February and was charged with administering hundreds of fake serums and documents to high-profile Italians. It was reported by Italian newspaper La Repubblica in December that Giorgi was also under investigation by police for allegedly obtaining a counterfeit Covid vaccination certificate without getting the vaccine. And in a bombshell development, personal doctor Grillone has now claimed world no.66 Giorgi allegedly never received the Covid jab. “The Giorgi family has been under treatment with me for a long time,'  Grillone told Italian daily Corriere del Veneto. JUST IN: Medvedev drops 'shame' comment in Djokovic, Nadal and Federer debate  “I can confirm with absolute certainty that none of the vaccines against the Giorgi family have actually been administered. I have not received any payment in that case. I am deeply upset and sorry for my action.' The WTA governing body have since confirmed they are monitoring the investigation surronding Giorgi. “We are aware of the allegations and are currently monitoring the situation and any investigations that may be brought forward,” a WTA spokesperson told News Corp. Tennis Australia chief executive Craig Tiley added: “I think there’s still a lot to be uncovered on that and I think that’s going to be ultimately up to their family and the relevant authorities including the tour. I don’t really know any further detail.” DON'T MISSNaomi Osaka out of Aus Open as concerns grow over tennis futureDaniil Medvedev seen 'mocking' Novak Djokovic injury in Adelaide lossEmma Raducanu addresses tearful ending in Auckland as Aus Open unclear  Express Sport has contacted Giorgi's representatives and the WTA governing body for further comment. Giorgi, who is yet to publicly address the allegations, competed at last year’s tournament, losing to eventual champion Ash Barty in the third round, with proof of vaccination status then required upon entry to the country. She also played in three events in the United States, where covid vaccination was also a mandatory entry requirement. Novak Djokovic was at the centre of a global media storm in a visa saga that transcended sport before last year’s event. The Serbian, unvaccinated against Covid, was deported and issued with an initial three-year ban from Australia, before having his ban lifted in November. Proof of vaccination is now no longer required for foreign visitors in Australia. Giorgi, a winner of three WTA titles, is back in the country preparing for the first Grand Slam of the year which starts at Melbourne Park on January 16. 