The Brooklyn Nets suffered a third-straight loss on Tuesday night as they were beaten by San Antonio Spurs on the road. Kyrie Irving joined Kevin Durant on the sidelines due to a sore calf, but team-mate Ben Simmons is keen not to rely on the star duo. There's no denying it, the Nets are nowhere near as good without Durant and Irving lining up. Durant is perhaps the best player in the league, and Irving consistently proves his worth when he lets his basketball do the talking. Of course, the Nets have other talented stars, but when their firepower is removed they're a much different team. Simmons posted a triple-double on Tuesday night in the 106-98 defeat, but no one broke the 20 points barrier for the Nets, which proved costly. But Simmons doesn't want to make excuses, and is keen not to rely on Irving and Durant every night. READ MORE: Anthony Davis receives injury update as Los Angeles Lakers' struggles continue Durant is expected to be out for a month as he undergoes rehab on his right knee, but the Nets were left short on Tuesday as Irving pulled out with a sore calf. The Nets were still expected to get the job done against an underwhelming Spurs side, but they fell short. "We got the guys to do it and we've seen that," Simmons said after the defeat. "I think guys got to stay poised and stay together and that's what it is. DON'T MISS: "We can't expect, we can't rely on Kev and Ky every night. Everyone has to step up and do their job, regardless of who's going to be starting or who's playing." The Nets are a much different team this season, and they've battled through a tough period as a franchise. Last season was a mess with issues surrounding, Durant, Irving and James Harden, with the latter checking out to trade to Philadelphia 76ers. Nic Claxton reflected on the toxicity last year, but pledged to 'figure it out' when key men are missing this time around. "Last year ... it was kind of a toxic environment," Claxton said. "We didn't know if everybody wanted to be here at the time. "This year, there's no divide between everybody that's out there. We're going to figure it out. We just got to figure out how to play with each other. Without having KD/Kyrie on the court, it's different line-ups, but we'll figure it out."