The Prince of Wales's Charitable Fund (PWCF) has just announced it will award £1.95million in grants to seven charities over the next three years. The Fund, established by King Charles, has donated over £73million since it was established in 1979. The chosen seven charities have been selected by Trustees for their enormously important work in the areas of environmental sustainability and social inclusion - two causes close to The King’s heart. The seven charities chosen are: Plantlife International, Practical Action, The Wildlife Trusts, Age Scotland, Carers Trust, BIGKID Foundation and Omega. The Carers Trust will receive a large grant of £300,000 to support the work they do in representing and campaigning on behalf of the estimated seven million unpaid carers in the UK. Kirsty McHugh, chief executive of the organisation, said the donation comes at a crucial time as research shows more and more people have been forced to become unpaid carers - which is driving them into poverty. "We conducted a survey last year showing nearly two-thirds of adult carers have been forced to give up work altogether or cut back on hours because of the demands of their caring role," she said. Ms McHugh continued: “Our survey showed one in seven (14 percent) unpaid carers have used a food bank, while a quarter (25 percent) have had to cut back on food. There is no doubt that this very generous grant will help lighten the load for some of the most vulnerable people in our society.” Another social inclusion charity, BIGKID foundation, will receive a £90,000 grant. The smaller community-based organisation was set up in 2000 to tackle youth violence and social exclusion for young people living in Brixton and across six London boroughs including Lambeth, Lewisham and Hounslow. BIGKID Foundation Founder and CEO, Shaninga Marasha, said: "This grant comes at a hugely significant time. We are growing in response to ever increasing need amongst our young people. In Lambeth, we have developed a unique hub model, where our school programmes interlink with our community engagement and more targeted mentoring and well-being support. READ MORE: Queen's friend who helped monarch 'go unrecognised' dies aged 97 Our ambition is to replicate this in other boroughs, building on where we already have a strong track record of achieving positive outcomes with our Breaking Barriers with American Flag football programme." Practical Action, one of the environmental charities, will receive £390,000 which will allow smallholder farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa to develop agricultural systems that can adapt to climate change and still provide a good standard of living. Other charities receiving grants include Plantlife International, which will receive £390,000 over three years to develop a science and impact programme to help with the promotion of wild plants and fungi; The Wildlife Trusts, which will also receive £390,000 over three years to put people at the heart of tackling the climate and nature crisis. Age Scotland will receive £300,000 over three years to help fund services to improve the financial resilience, health and well-being of older people and Omega, the National Association for End of Life Care, a West Midlands-based charity that will receive £90,000 over three years to help reduce loneliness and isolation for vulnerable elderly people facing multiple challenges, such as caring responsibilities, mental health issues and bereavement. DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan warns Charles against inviting Meghan and Harry [DETAILS]Meghan Markle 'brings out the worst in Harry' after 'charming' prince [CLAIM]Princess Kate calls for pivotal shift in focus [VIDEO] The PWCF has a mission to transform lives and build sustainable communities and it awards grants to UK-registered non-profit organisations to deliver projects in the UK and internationally. It receives sizeable royalties from supermarket Waitrose's Duchy Originals range which was founded by the King in 1990 when he was Prince of Wales. He founded the range with the aim to create what he called a ‘virtuous circle’ by helping small farmers find a new market for their goods while offering consumers natural, high-quality food and promoting more sustainable production methods that improved soil health and protected the environment. Since 2009, royalties from the Waitrose range have generated in excess of £34m for PWCF and the good causes it supports.