It's not been an easy time in the playoffs in recent seasons for San Francisco 49ers, and they have 'unfinished business' ahead of Saturday's Wild Card clash against Seattle Seahawks. After losing the Super Bowl late on back in the 2019 season, they've suffered heartbreak in the playoffs, and they're desperately looking to change that. The 49ers are looking to go all the way and resolve unfinished business, according to offensive tackle Colton McKivitz. The Seahawks are up first for the 49ers at Levi's Stadium, and they've already beaten them twice this season. The 49ers dominated their division as they finished with a record of 13-4, but the playoffs prove to be a different kind of test. The 49ers are among the favourites to clinch the NFC Championship, and their players have ambitions of going all the way. One of those is McKivitz, who sent a warning by saying they have 'unfinished business'. Ahead of the 49ers opening playoff clash, McKivitz spoke to Express Sport about their chances this season, and the OT seemed very comfortable as they're looking to write the wrongs from the past. "Yeah it's a lot better having experience in the playoffs, excited that's for sure," McKivitz said. "It'll be fun going up against Seattle, it's a team we know pretty well. I know a lot of guys are juiced up with a lot of mixed feelings from last season, we have a lot of unfinished business so it'll be exciting." The 49ers may be favourites but McKivitz isn't willing to overlook the Seahawks. "It's going to be another physical game, I think they're looking forward to another shot at us. "It's hard to beat a team three times in a year, we found that out last year against the Rams. We've to get after them and they'll try and stop the runs." The 49ers will stick with rookie quarterback Brock Purdy in the playoffs, with the very last pick in the NFL draft finding himself in a unique position. But he's earned everyone's trust at the 49ers, and McKivitz is very happy with him. "Purdy's got it, I had a great experience against him. I was freshman year and we played against them late on a Saturday night Iowa State, he got the best of us. He's definitely used to the big moments, NFL playoffs a little different but he's got it."