Experts at Moneybarn have warned that many cleaning tips on social media sites are “relatively harmless” but some advice could come back to bite road users. They said some tips “could potentially be dangerous” to owners and have urged road users to always take precautions. The experts said: “There are loads of interior cleaning hacks you can find on TikTok, such as using a squeegee to remove pet hair and putting silicone cupcake moulds in your cup holder. “Whilst some are relatively harmless, there are also ones that can cause more harm than good. “For example, plenty of TikTokers recommend using olive oil to make your dashboard shiny. “Whilst this may seem like a good idea in theory, if you don’t wipe off all the oil, it will be slippery and could potentially be dangerous. READ MORE: Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales “You should always be cautious when trying out something different to clean your interiors. “If using a new product like carpet cleaner, vinegar or baking soda, always test on a small, out-of-sight area first.” The RAC has previously encouraged drivers to use car hacks to clean their vehicles by offering 12 simple tips. They said: “It’s easy to tell yourself you don’t have the right products, equipment or even time to get stuck into the inside of your car. DON'T MISS Three Clean Air Zones to be introduced across the UK this year [INSIGHT] EV drivers face massive queues for chargers at motorway services [REVEAL] Common car feature destroys fuel economy and may lead to 'problems' [WARNING] “But more often than not it boils down to simply not wanting to undertake the boring, laborious task of cleaning.” One of these tips did include cleaning a dashboard with olive oil which the RAC experts said acted as the “perfect-in-car polish”. They added: “A dust-free dashboard is one thing, but don’t you fancy one that sparkles? "Avoid buying pricey specialist gear with a rag and some olive oil – the perfect-in-car polish.  READ MORE: UK drivers warned of fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in Spain “A spring cleaning favourite, this kitchen-based solution won’t cost much and should leave a pleasing smell too.” The RAC said drivers could also use an old toothbrush when cleaning their car to get into all the hidden crevices. Washing powder and water can also be mixed to create a super paste perfect to shine up hubcaps.  Shaving foam can also help windscreens from steaming up while rubbing alcohol can be used to stop water from smearing. The RAC also urged drivers to “carefully pour a small amount of cola” on some dirty areas to help eat away the corrosion. On top of that, drivers can spray floor mats with stain remover before putting them in the washing machine to see a huge difference. Having clean vehicles is vital, especially in winter. Drivers could face fines if they operate a vehicle with reduced visibility. Days are much shorter during winter, meaning that motorists will likely have to drive in the dark. Even a small amount of dirt on a windscreen can result in glares and reduced visibility. 