Aries A friend’s desire to liven things up could be just what you need. If you allow yourself to be swept along by their ideas and suggestions, who knows where this might lead. Others in your world are in an outgoing frame of mind. Their intention is to enjoy activities that have nothing to do with routine. Taurus You have the right idea when you intend to tread with care. Someone is urging you to respond to a recent proposal. Their impatience is causing you some irritation. You aren’t sure you want to get involved in a group project so refuse to allow anyone to push you into making this kind of commitment. Gemini Someone is refusing to listen to reason. You are only trying to help but in their stubbornness they could be making a big mistake. Some people need to learn from their own experiences and this is an example. You’ve done your best and now it is time to focus on your own life, not theirs. Cancer Your partner or someone who is equally as special will agree with you that romance and friendship is not a frivolous game. Joint long-term plans will be discussed and agreed on. You are in perfect tune with one another and the decision to make things more permanent will come easily. Leo It may not be easy to get a housemate to see a joint money matter through your eyes. They are being stubborn but they could probably say the same thing about you. Reaching a compromise will take time but it is possible once you have a heart to heart discussion. Virgo Someone who helped you out in the past is demanding something from you. You feel forced into having to do them this favour. If you get it over with now, you will also get them off your back. Think twice about whose help you accept in the future.   Libra Someone will admit they have made a mistake and caused a lot of people hurt and anxiety. An apology will not seem enough. You will want to see them taking action to make sure this kind of error never happens again. If this isn’t done, their apology will mean nothing. Scorpio The things that affect you are affecting other people in your community as well. Those in positions of power are looking at options to find ways to help those who need it to navigate through what are going to be difficult times ahead. Sagittarius You’re up against a problem connected with a shared budget or your future security. You don’t want to think about it but don’t leave it to others to make all the decisions. Try looking at the situation from a new angle. There are ways to get out of a difficult predicament.  Capricorn Watch your words. If you somehow get drawn into arguments, think before you speak. Your hopes and dreams for the future may be at odds with your partner and others who are close to you. This should not make you give up on your own intentions. Aquarius As much as you would like to help someone who is crying for attention, you have done all you can for them. You just can’t continue to give them all the time and consideration they are demanding from you. Stop feeling so guilty. You Pisces A relative will offer to help if you are struggling to pay basic household costs. You are doing your best to keep on top of finances but your income just isn’t stretching far enough. Are you looking for work? Upskilling will be one way for you to remain competitive in the job market. 