Happy Valley returns to BBC One with the second episode of season three and Sarah Lancashire's Catherine discovers a new mystery. When she finds the remains of a victim it sparks a chain of events that leads her back to the notorious Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the guest stars of episode two. Alison is no stranger to the series as she was a part of the second season. She was introduced back in 2016 as the mother of Daryl (Robert Emms)– a young farmer who later turned out to be the killer behind the murders of several sex workers. She ended up shooting her son dead after he confessed to her, before a failed attempt to take her own life. Alison is played by Susan Lynch, a 51-year-old Northern Irish actress. The award-winning star, who was married to actor Craig Parkinson, is also known for her roles in Killing Eve, Apple Tree Yard and Monroe. READ MORE: UK town becoming an international tourism hotspot due to Happy Valley PC 'Sledge' is played by Chord Melodic, a 36-year-old British actor. He is best known for playing Joe Haslam in Coronation Street and Dwayne Miller in Grange Hill. He joined the cast of Happy Valley in 2016 and has so far starred in nine episodes. His other credits include Hollyoaks, Shameless, Doctors and Holby City. David Baines is played by John Tueart, whose previous credits include Coronation Street and All Creatures Great and Small. Viewers may have also seen him in Last Tango in Halifax, Brassic or The Other One. The Manchester-based actor has just been working on the latest series of The Bay in 2022. He attended law school and qualified as a lawyer, working full-time as a solicitor between 2010 and 2016. The star returned to his interest in acting in September 2013. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans 'work out' who is helping Tommy Lee Royce [DISCUSSION]  Happy Valley season 3 episode schedule [EXPLAINER] We look at the time jump between series 2 and 3 of Happy Valley [INSIGHT] Wayne Dobson has a guest role in episode two and he is an actor from County Durham. His love for acting started at a young age and he is slowly starting to get his name out as a TV star. His previous credits include The Perfect Knight, and he is working on a number of other shows. He has roles in Wiccan and Snatching Sanity, which are both in production now. The star has also worked on Night Girlz and The Lynemouth Werewolf, both of which are in post-production. The secretary is played by Michaela Short, an actress known for Dark Encounter and The Black Prince. Viewers may also recognise her from Banana and Tea for Three. Recently she has been filming for the new series of Father Brown, in which she plays Mrs Goodfellow. Her upcoming projects, which are in post-production, include The Bronze Abstraction and Uncle Jack.  Happy Valley airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm.