Liverpool’s youngest-ever player Jerome Sinclair now owns a fried chicken shop after being left without a club at the age of 26. The Englishman made his Reds debut just after turning 16 in 2012 but left under a cloud in 2016 to join Watford with his career suffering a steep decline in the years since. Sinclair was just 16 years and six days old when he made his first appearance for Liverpool in the third-round League Cup encounter with West Brom at the Hawthorns. The Reds won the game 2-1 courtesy of a double from Nuri Sahin with the forward replacing Samed Yesil late on. He would go on to make a further four appearances in the first team including two in the Premier League, scoring one goal for the club in a 2-2 draw with League Two Exeter City in the FA Cup. However, his time at Anfield came to an acrimonious end when he left to join Watford in the summer of 2016 after he refused to extend his contract at the club. The two teams settled on a £4million compensation fee but it was at Vicarage road where the 26-year-old really lost his way. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Sinclair made just 14 appearances across a five-year spell for the Hornets spending most of his time away on loan with Birmingham, Sunderland and Oxford among the clubs to take him on. He was released when his contract expired in 2021 and he is yet to appear for any team since. The Mirror reports that the player now runs the Dudley Road branch of fried chicken takeaway chain Morley's in a big change from his on-field career. It is not yet known if he has completely turned his back on the footballing world but a return to the pitch does not appear likely in the near future. Despite everything that has happened since Sinclair still looks back fondly on his time at Anfield with the forward full of praise for Steven Gerrard and the way he helped him integrate as a youngster.  “There were some huge names in that dressing room, like (Luis) Suarez and (Philippe) Coutinho but Gerrard was the best,” he said in 2020. “There would be moments in training when he’d do something with the ball and people would just stop and clap. “Gerrard was very good with me and made me feel involved. He asked me to play in his all-star charity game against Jamie Carragher’s team. I started in a front three with Thierry Henry and Ryan Babel. I can never thank him enough for giving me the opportunity to meet my idol.”