Newcastle are desperate to sign Brazilian teen starlet Matheus Franca but will not overpay after having an initial bid rebuffed, according to reports. The Magpies presented a deal worth around £18million to Flamengo but had their advances knocked back. Franca has impressed scouts with his midfield performances for the Brazilian club. Newcastle want to sign a new midfielder and have the 18-year-old sensation high on their shortlist. Eddie Howe is believed to be a big fan of Franca. The attack-minded talent has scored seven goals in 27 appearances for his club. That tempted Newcastle to make a hefty offer of £18m (€20m) last week. However, that bid has been rejected. Deadline day LIVE - Man Utd eye Tielemans, Chelsea hunt Fernandez According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Newcastle could make a second offer but have sent a clear ‘message’ that they will not overpay for the Brazil U20 international. Their first offer was close to the Brazilian market release clause of £22m (€25m). Franca could yet become a fresh arrival at St. James’ Park on what could be a busy transfer deadline day. Howe has insisted that he wants to improve his squad but could find that difficult - despite the club’s vast riches. "From a football decision, absolutely not and we will see what we can do in the market to try to bring a player," the Newcastle head coach said on Monday. "There's no guarantee on that. With other transfers, we will try and see what we can do. In terms of permanent signings that will be very difficult, we will look at a loan situation but it has to be the right player." DON'T MISS...Everton refuse to wish Anthony Gordon well in short statementTransfer news - Tottenham chase two deals, Newcastle agree feeNewcastle still keen on Maddison despite £45m Gordon signing Newcastle’s only major incoming this January has been the £40m capture of Anthony Gordon from Everton. Chris Wood and Jonjo Shelvey have been allowed to leave in search of more game time. Howe admitted that the decision to let Shelvey depart for Nottingham Forest, with a deal set to go through on deadline day, was tough. The former England midfielder had just six months remaining on his contract. "This is a very difficult situation. From a footballing perspective, I definitely want to keep Jonjo, I rate him highly but then there's his situation to think about,” Howe said. “Jonjo I believe is talking to Nottingham Forest, I don't know what stage that is at. Jonjo has been a huge player for this football club over the last seven years, he has been an important part of my squad since I have been here."