The state pension triple lock is set to cost each taxpayer over £1,000 in the next four years. That is according to calculations by the TaxPayers’ Alliance, which has analysed the incoming biggest ever rise to the state pension. The projections estimate the average taxpayer’s National Insurance contributions will increase from £3,609 this tax year, to £4,428 by 2024/25. By 2027/28, the bill is set to reach £4,661, the think-tank added. The state pension triple lock is a long-standing policy which ensures the sum increases each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. While it was temporarily suspended this year, the policy will return in April 2023, offering a 10.1 percent boost in line with inflation. READ MORE: Pension age increase could hand you £22,000 Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has confirmed this is the biggest ever rise to the sum, with the average state pension increasing by £870. However, the money to fund the increases must derive from somewhere, and taxpayers will feel the pinch. The Government Actuary Department last week warned outgoings on benefits and payments, including the state pension, are expected to rise above income generated by National Insurance. This has been attributed largely to the triple lock increase, it was reported. DON'T MISSMetro Bank issues warning on ‘callous and unfeeling’ fraud [WARNING]Britons set to work past state pension age as ‘retirement not option' [ANALYSIS]State pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned [INSIGHT] Experts have mulled over whether the triple lock policy is affordable in the future, and how the Government could react. John O’Connell of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, told the Telegraph the rise in National Insurance payments due to the state pension is likely to be “frustrating” for hardworking Britons. Will Stevens, head of financial planning at Killik & Co., appeared to concur when he spoke to Express.co.uk recently, and said: “It is unclear how long the triple lock will remain in place which could cause concern among those receiving the state pension. “The longer-term plan for increasing the state pension will be something the Government has to continue to look at, even if raising it as they did this year by 10 percent turns out to be an outlier, the cost to the Exchequer is still large. READ MORE: State pension petition for payment rise due Government response “And how they'd continue to pay for that if the inflation rates were still high could be a challenge.” While Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, warned this year’s increase could be a “last gasp” for an “increasingly unsustainable policy”. He added: “The Government will no doubt have weighed up the reaction of pensioner voters if they scrapped the triple lock for a second consecutive year in the run-up to the next general election. “But there’s a huge question mark over whether any party would recommit, in a future election manifesto, to paying the highest of price inflation earnings growth or 2.5 percent year on year.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, the state pension age is also presenting a continued debate, as the Government review considers whether a rise to 68 should be accelerated. The potential change to the state pension age may see plans brought forward by 11 years, meaning millions of those aged 54 and under would be affected. The state pension age could reach 68 as early as 2035 in plans by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt, The Sun reported this week. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. The review will be published in early 2023.”