Instead of spring-cleaning her handbag nightly and sorting her hand towels into immaculate tiny towers in order of diminishing size, Marie has found herself engulfed by unsightly disorder. Pre-parenthood, Marie believed tidiness and toddlers were compatible but post-parenthood she’s discovered a messy miasma of mismatched socks and cereal-encrusted bowls, aided and abetted by rampaging infants. Says Kondo of her toddlers: “They were completely out of control and would overturn the shelves and make a mess. That’s when I realised it’s really very difficult.” Ms Kondo deserves plaudits for honesty. If you make your fortune soothing people’s souls with the calming prospect of perfection, admitting that you have failed to achieve it could nuke your entire empire. She’s brave, fessing up to not being able to take her own advice. For me, the vista of Marie Kondo engulfed in plastic toys, used nappies, buggies, jam-smeared sofas and baby bouncers – all sparking pong and fury rather than joy – is immensely reassuring. I write as the star of the bestselling 2001 weight-loss video, If I Can, You Can! Turns out I could and I did – but then I couldn’t and didn’t keep the surplus pounds off. Had I taken my own excellent advice and stuck to it, I’d be a wraith right now. Instead, while thousands of viewers were bouncing about to cheerful tunes and nibbling on celery sticks, I was slipping down the slope towards slothful and sedentary doughnut-munching. Within a year I’d podged up again – and the paparazzi were on hand to snap every wobbly inch. It’s fine to be a fallen angel as long as you come clean about it. Everyone loves a goddess who falls from her pedestal. For every acolyte gaining solace from the KonMari Method, many other flustered fans fell short, failed to ditch their possessions and chucked the book in the bin in frustration. Marie Kondo enmired in mess is empowering for those of us who struggle to part with old bus tickets, whose kitchens bristle with mugs and whose halls spawn scores of umbrellas. Marie, from the clean but mildly chaotic among us, thanks for your confession.  What an inspired idea for King Charles to marshal the Archbishop of Canterbury and work the celestial magic needed to haul Harry harmoniously home for his coronation in May. Frankly, teaching recalcitrant sons to honour their fathers is what prelates are for. Opining about politics is Justin Welby’s predilection but using the Almighty’s influence to exorcise Cain, Abel, Jacob and Esau – not to mention Joseph and his brothers – and evoke a “prodigal son” reading of events could be just the ticket. The Jewish community always calls upon its wisest rabbis to repair family schisms. The King is right to hope that the nation’s primary cleric has the wisdom of Solomon required to undo the Megxit damage.  Jeremy Clarkson declares that those who support his Diddly Squat Cotswolds farm “have a house number” while those who oppose it have “a house name”. I reside at plain old number 12, but grew up in a house called “Four Winds” (privately re-christened “Four Farts” by we ungrateful children). In 1994 we moved into “The Gables”. I wanted to change it to “The Bagels”. I’m not sure Clarkson is right. It’s possible to be poor and own the key to “Bella Vista” or minted and dwell at Number 32. After all, didn’t the Duke of Wellington live at No.1 London?  Dawn French once warned me that women in the public eye are always too fat or too thin, saying “There will never be a day when people will pronounce you exactly right.” Now Fearne Cotton – bless her – is fighting back. Rightly livid after trolls branded her “too thin”, she says: “I don’t see anyone comment on the shape or size of Louis Theroux’s legs, because they’re too busy listening to what he’s got to say.” Fearne, left, who battled bulimia for 10 years, celebrates the bliss of simply being healthy. I’ve been at the receiving end of such barbs, and to all those who ask how you develop a rhinoceros hide to deal with them I tell them “you don’t”. After many years they still hurt like hell.  I have been honoured to be a friend of Dame Esther Rantzen’s for 30 years. It doesn’t matter if she’s at the wheel of her hybrid, contesting the constituency of Luton South, entertaining the waitresses in the kitchen at parties or paying measured and meticulous tribute to the late Queen, Esther, below, is always scintillating. No one else has had the imaginative breadth and indomitable drive to save the lives of suffering youngsters with Childline and do the same for isolated pensioners with The Silver Line. Esther’s energy and desire to alleviate the misery of strangers is only matched by her practical ability and gargantuan work ethic. I’m devastated that she is fighting cancer and have already offered to descend upon her with homemade chicken soup, salacious gossip and scurrilous novels. I can’t wait to sit beside her, eat her grapes and add my prayers to the thousands of others hoping for a medical miracle and full recovery.  Dan Neidle, the tax lawyer who exposed Nadhim Zahawi’s tangle with HMRC, told me on my TalkTV show he’d had a jolly good ferret through Jacob Rees-Mogg’s tax affairs and found them to be 100 percent tickety-boo. So I am prepared to entertain J R-M’s suggestion that the new Tory party chairman be none other than BoJo. I know, I know. Boris is besmirched by Partygate, Chris Pinchergate and the rest. But think. Doesn’t he have the PR razzmatazz that’s required? Wasn’t being Mayor of London pretty much akin to being the capital’s chairperson? Isn’t Boris spectacularly good at rallying troops, pressing the flesh, spouting catchy slogans and turning frowns upside down? Although flawed and fulminating BoJo is still the deadliest weapon in the Conservative arsenal. Mr R-M has a point – he should be a shoo-in. 