Wolves had a third goal controversially ruled out in their FA Cup encounter against Liverpool because corner-taker Matheus Nunes was in an offside position when he received the ball for the second time. Cameras at the ground failed to pick up the moment in any great detail leaving fans and pundits alike confused by the decision taken by VAR. Wolves defender Toti Gomes had thought he had won the game for his side after turning home in the 82nd minute. The 23-year-old ran off to the corner took off his top in a state of euphoria and was mobbed by his time mates who believed they were on the verge of a famous victory at Anfield. However, his celebrations were quickly cut short by the offside flag with the decision later confirmed after a lengthy VAR check by the experienced Mike Dean at Stockley Park. Fans within the stadium and those watching on television were initially left confused by the decision with no players appearing to be offside in the build-up to the goal. However, it was later revealed that it was corner-taker Nunes that was in an offside position. The midfielder received the ball after it was headed out via the deflection of a Wolves player before crossing in again to help create the goal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Wanderers manager Julen Lopetegui was one of those left particularly confused by the decision and entered referee Andy Madley's office alongside club captain Ruben Neves after the game to have the decision explained. VAR have access to more camera angles than are available in the ground and to broadcasters giving them the footage to come to an accurate decision. It was not the only controversial offside call during the match with Mohamed Salah beyond the last defender before scoring Liverpool's second. However, the ball came off Toti last, with the winger position not deemed to have had an impact on the Portuguese defender's decision-making. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exileMan Utd 'submit loan bid for Vincent Aboubakar' with striker to pick between two proposalsMan Utd working on second January signing after completing Jack Butland loan transfer  Former Liverpool striker Emile Heskey was critical about how the decision was communicated to those watching, with even those in the ITV studio initially left baffled by why the goal had been chopped off. "That’s the key thing," he said when prompted by presenter Mark Pougatch on the communication within the stadium. "We’re sat in the studio trying to work it out ourselves and we’re getting it 10 minutes after when you’ve got people on the crowd. What they’ve seen is it’s onside, it’s a goal but now it was the corner taker who was off." 