Piers Morgan urged King Charles to not invite Prince Harry to his coronation ahead of the official release of his autobiography, Spare. The Duke of Sussex has garnered worldwide attention after excerpts from his new book were released. The Uncensored presenter has since ripped into Harry, 38, for detailing "intrusive" details about the royals, most notably Prince William. The 57-year-old addressed Harry sharing details about his body parts and admitted to being circumcised. The former Good Morning Britain presenter claimed the younger brother of William failed to ask his sibling to dish on such personal matters. It comes after it was reported that Harry had said he and William were both circumcised. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Piers argued the Duke of Sussex "shamelessly has no bounds" as he shared his thoughts in his latest column for The Sun. He wrote: "[Harry] brands King Charles a poor father, calls the Queen Consort Camilla a dangerous villain, and launches constant withering attacks on his brother Prince William and his wife, Catherine, Princess of Wales. "He even reveals, without any permission, that William is circumcised. "Yes, a guy who hates press intrusion, tells the world in a media interview that his brother had the tip of his penis foreskin severed." Piers added: "You couldn’t make it up!" The Duke of Sussex addressed the "media's fascination" with his genitalia in his autobiography with rumours swirling about him and his brother being uncircumcised. "There were countless stories in books, and papers (even The New York Times) about Willy and me not being circumcised," he wrote, according to Page Six. But Prince Harry put the rumours to bed, declaring all the stories were inaccurate and confirming that he had been "snipped". DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon 'tears up' as Loose Women star shares family snap[LATEST]Jocelyn Wildenstein, 82, flaunts smooth face on date with beau, 55[PICTURES]Adele's Las Vegas ticket prices crash as audience dries up[MUSIC] The Duke of Sussex opened up on more X-rated matters in his autobiography, recounting on how he lost his virginity to an unnamed older woman at the age of 17. He also made another admission about his penis ahead of William and Kate's wedding. After the royal returned home from a gruelling charity trek through the North Pole in 2011 he revealed he suffered an injury. "Pa was very interested and sympathetic about the discomfort of my frostnipped ears and cheeks, and it was an effort not to overshare and tell him also about my equally tender penis," he wrote. "Upon arriving home I'd been horrified to discover that my nether regions were frostnipped as well, and while the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn't." Piers is now calling for both Harry and Meghan to be stripped of their royal titles. He wrote: "As I have said many times, and reiterate now, Harry and Meghan must be stripped of all their remaining titles with immediate effect. "And they shouldn’t be allowed anywhere near the Coronation in May." It has not yet been confirmed if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend Charles' coronation later this year.