Senior winner’s adviser, Andy Carter said of the missing winner: “We're delighted that one of these fantastic Lotto jackpots from Saturday night's £12million 'must-be-won' draw has been claimed. "What an absolutely amazing way to beat the January blues with a £6million Lotto win. "Our focus is now on supporting this jackpot-winning ticket-holder through the process and helping them start to enjoy their truly life-changing win.” READ MORE: Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' Mr Carter added: “Although the draw was only on Saturday night, there is one ticket-holder out there who perhaps doesn't yet realise that they are a multi-millionaire. "We're urging all Lotto players to check their tickets as soon as possible so that we can pay out this second huge jackpot prize.” If the second winner does not come forward to collect their prize by Friday, the method of ticket purchase will be revealed. Two tickets shared the Saturday night jackpot, with one ticket still yet to be claimed. When the individual or individuals come forward they will be enter into a literal wealth of possibilities.  Though winners of the National and People’s Postcode lotteries are known to spend their winnings on cars and property, others put theirs towards charitable causes. Last year, a mother won the People’s Postcode lottery and used the £14,816 she won to take her ill son to Disneyland once he finishes treatment. Stacey Rivers, 50, is mother to two twins, one of whom has been fighting leukaemia. She told SussexLive: “We've got seven-year-old twin sons, Phoenix and Elliot. Phoenix has Leukemia. He’s got a year and a half of treatment and then I’ve promised them both we’ll go on a huge trip of a lifetime.” DON'T MISS:Woman, 56, is the first person cured of advanced breast cancer  [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak fights back saying he 'acted decisively' in sacking Zahawi [REPORT]Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [ANALYSIS] Stacey added that the trip “is going to help a lot” and that “it might end up being an American road trip”. According a report released in November last year, Britons were starting to fall back in love with the National Lottery despite the cost-of-living crisis. Chief Executive Nigel Railton said: “This record half-year performance confirms that we have a very healthy and successful National Lottery that continues to benefit the whole of the UK.”