In his interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, Prince Harry insisted he wanted his brother Prince William and father King Charles III “back”. The Duke of Sussex said he is open to “reconciliation” and is in a place to “have those conversations”. However, he said the Royal Family have “shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile”. In the wake of Harry’s claims, it was suggested royals would hold peace talks ahead of King Charles’ Coronation, but now, a commentator close to the Sussexes has refuted the reports, saying the “dust really hasn’t settled”. Omid Scobie, author of the Sussex biography Finding Freedom, has claimed reconciliation talks are unlikely to be held before May when the coronation is due to take place. He told last week’s episode of the Royally Obsessed podcast: “This possibility that Charles may be a driving force behind a reconciliatory moment, I actually heard from Palace sources — as have some of the other royal correspondents I’ve spoken to — who have all been told that there’s no truth in that story, that they were really surprised that this story had gone out because no conversation has actually gone that far. “They felt that maybe it was more of a projection of how people around the Royal Family feel it might go but it is not based on anything that family members have said privately. I know on the Sussexes’ side, they certainly aren’t aware of any kind of conversations like that. And I think the dust really hasn’t settled. “I would imagine that this moment would be a bit of a wake-up call for some family members, but I also think that people will remain incensed with Harry for some time. I thought it was almost a rose-tinted [view] for Harry to want reconciliation so soon after this book because I think that tempers need to fray and calm down.” READ MORE: Deals will 'demand more' of Harry and Meghan after 'shocking level' of frankness in Spare  He added: “I think the act of doing the book is enough to see that ‘red mist’ that Harry talks about in the eyes of most of the family members.” Co-host Rachel Bowie added: “For now, it just seems like wishful thinking.” Their comments came after The Sunday Times reported that a source who “has the King’s ear and who knows the Sussexes well” claimed a meeting to help Harry and Meghan bridge the gap with the Royal Family was likely to take place in the coming months. They said: “It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done, it’s fixable. It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales, a couple of other family members, some of ‘his people’ he trusts who always had his back, so he doesn’t think he’s being ambushed. Someone like Elf [Ed Lane Fox, Harry’s former private secretary] and Christopher [Lord Geidt, the late Queen’s former private secretary who advised the Sussexes]. “Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him ‘we understand the pain you’ve been through’. The King can do it.” When asked whether he was planning on attending his father’s coronation, Harry made it clear that it was up to his family to make the decision. He told Mr Bradby: “There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court.” King Charles’ coronation is due to take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. He and Queen Consort Camilla will be crowned side-by-side and celebratory events will include a special concert at Windsor Castle and a day of volunteering. May 6 also marks Harry and Meghan’s son’s birthday, when Archie will turn four as his grandfather is crowned. Whether the Sussexes will return to the UK for the coronation remains unknown, but it has been speculated that the Prince could accept a lucrative deal if he chooses to skip the event. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's home in danger as stars flee Montecito due to storm [REPORT]Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [INSIGHT]BBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [ANALYSIS] Harry could be asked to host coverage of King Charles’ Coronation, The Sunday Express understands. Major US TV networks are reportedly trying to lure the Duke with multi-million-pound deals to host their coverage of the royal event, with it being suggested that the King’s son could turn down an invitation to attend his crowning in favour of appearing in front of the camera and providing commentary. Networks CBS and NBC are believed to have approached Harry asking him to join their reporting team in the lead-up to the coronation. The Duke previously collaborated with CBS for the making of Oprah Winfrey's famous interview with him and Meghan in March 2021. Speaking to the Sunday Express, a royal insider said: "Network bosses are hoping he doesn’t go – and are ready to pay a hefty, seven-figure sum to land one of the biggest royal coups of all time. One very senior executive told me it would be worth $5million (£4million) for the bragging rights alone. “Watching a new King being crowned while his son is on the couch talking viewers through it would be ratings dynamite — even if Harry steers completely clear of controversy and the rift that exists between them.” However, Mr Scobie has claimed any plans for the Sussexes' involvement in the Coronation are undecided. He told YouTube channel Common Sense this week: “I honestly think people don't even know whether Harry and Meghan are going, because I don't think they know whether they are going or not."