But its approach is barking up two wrong trees. Firstly, it is trying to free our Supreme Court from the overriding jurisdiction of the European Court but keeping us inside the rest of the Convention. As Emily Thornberry says, we cannot only accept the judgements of the court that we like and reject those we don't like. We cannot have a unilateral opt-out from any part of the Convention – in this case article 46 which binds all signatories to accept, without question, the decisions of the European Court of Human Rights. If Parliament were to legislate to this effect, the other signatory states would not accept it. A move like this would expose the UK to the humiliation of being expelled from the Convention, putting us on a par - in the public mind - with Putin's Russia. Against this, far better for the UK to take the initiative: denounce and withdraw from the entire ECHR, as 95 percent of Express readers are recommending, and as Suella Braverman recommended at the Tory Conference. Secondly, it is proposing withdrawal from the ECHR solely because it stops us from dealing with terrorists, illegal migrants, etc as we choose. This exposes it to the terrible accusation of wanting to "scrap Human Rights" as such. The remedy here is to highlight the fact that the ECHR, as formulated, is not fit for its own declared purpose of actually protecting Human Rights – in particular, it has no place for Habeas Corpus - and that the Court itself has on various occasions violated Human Rights of applicants, with risible, or no, reasons given. Not surprising since its judges are the political nominees of 47 governments, several with highly questionable HR records. For over 70 years the ECHR was held up as an unimpeachable yardstick for Human Rights.  However, this does not reflect reality. I quoted elsewhere the case of a Law Professor in Padua, held in prison for five years before trial with no public hearing, who applied to the European Court of Human Rights to ask if this was “reasonable” under article 6 of the Convention, and was told “Yes it is”, because “detention facilitates the preliminary investigation”. (NB Accused of being one of the “brains behind the Red brigades”, he was later found Not Guilty on all counts.) This case is the tip of an iceberg. It has been calculated, and announced on Italian State television, that every year an average of 1000 suspects – later found to be Not Guilty – have their lives and livelihoods ruined by the practice of pre-trial “precautionary custody”, pending investigation, on the basis of mere clues, before any hard evidence of a prima facie case has been assembled. Suspects can and do thus languish in jail for many months and occasionally even longer. These are not exceptional miscarriages of justice. They are a regular part of the legal process in the Napoleonic-inquisitorial systems which are prevalent all over continental Europe. The EU’s proposal for a single criminal code for all Europe, the “Corpus Juris”, would have allowed pre-trial detention of up to six months, renewable for three months at a time.  The proposal was warmly welcomed by a vote in the European Parliament. Luckily it was then firmly rejected by a committee of the Lords chaired by the Scottish Law Lord, Lord Hope of Craighead. Clearly, the ECHR offers no protection against these practices, which are systemic violations of the Right to Freedom. We lose nothing by leaving it. 