Chelsea could reportedly be set to hijack Tottenham's plans to sign Sporting right-back Pedro Porro over the next few days, with the Blues said to be keeping a close eye on the situation as they weigh up an approach of their own. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has already spent upwards of £150million on player recruitment this month but may still be tempted to add further quality to Graham Potter's squad before the January window slams shut. The Blues have recently been linked with the signing of a new right-sided defender to provide injury cover for Reece James, who has struggled to stay fit over the course of this season but returned to first-team training last week. Chelsea are said to have been exploring the idea of a move for Lyon full-back Malo Gusto in recent days but have also taken a liking to Porro, according to the Evening Standard.It is said that Chelsea have been 'tracking' Porro and may soon decide to try and hijack Tottenham's pursuit of his signature in order to bring him to Stamford Bridge for themselves. It seems as though they will need to act quickly to stand the best chance of striking a deal, though, with Sporting chiefs set to meet with Tottenham this week as they look to thrash out a late January agreement.Spurs have already seen a number of bids knocked back by Sporting, who are yet to decide if Porro will be allowed to leave the club this month or if he will be forced to wait until the summer months. Tottenham have also offered players like Davinson Sanchez in potential swaps plus deals that included deferred payments, while their latest bid of around £32m fell below Sporting's asking price for Porro and was swiftly rejected. JUST IN: Frank Lampard may have to swallow his pride after Everton sacking It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to jump ahead of Tottenham in the queue for Porro's signature, with the north Londoners seemingly unwilling to match Sporting's demands as things stand. They were recently urged to pay Porro's release clause of around £37m by former Hibernian striker Tam McManus, who explained to Football Insider that Daniel Levy is doing himself no favours by refusing to shell out the required transfer fee."Tottenham know how much he will cost, pay up," said McManus. "It’s really not that much money if he is their top target. They have needed a good right-back for a long time now. "Emerson Royal is not good enough, [Matt] Doherty isn’t performing as well as he should have been. They need a right-back and this guy has been identified as the guy they want to bring in."Tottenham are loaded, they are bringing in so much money. Just pay the money, it’s easy to see why the fans are so annoyed at the ownership. It’s bizarre to me that they aren’t just paying the money, I’m all for a bargain but this isn’t that much money for Spurs." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.