  Alex Jones, 45, was left shaking her head in total disbelief as one viewer got in touch about the shockingly huge costs of their childcare on The One Show tonight. The BBC host admitted she felt the price was “ridiculous” after reports that Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, 42, has come under fire for shelving huge childcare reforms.      The One Show kicked off the New Year with an exciting line-up of guests tonight, including Karren Brady and Tim Campbell, who will return to our screens tomorrow evening for a new season of The Apprentice. Also joining them on the sofa were Katie Griffiths and Adam Thomas, who appeared tonight in the brand new reboot of popular school-based soap Waterloo Road. A number of viewers called in to the show to thank the Waterloo Road cast for bringing light to important issues, including pressures caused by the Cost of Living crisis. Alex was even momentarily stunned when one viewer shared their own experience with those in the studio. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     “Jane on Twitter says, ‘Thank you so much for highlighting the pressure on working parents and the costs,” the presenter told Katie and Adam as she read from her tablet. “‘Our childcare is double the cost of our mortgage,” she added, eliciting gasps from her guests on the green sofa. “Thank you Jane for getting in touch,” Alex continued, before shaking her head in disbelief and adding: “It’s ridiculous.” Alex shares three children with her husband Charlie Thompson: Teddy, five, Kit, three and daughter Annie, one.     The Prime Minister is said to have ditched his predecessor Liz Truss's idea for game-changing childcare reforms. The plans were reportedly set to include increasing free childcare support by 20 hours a week and scrapping staff to child ratios. He has since come under attack for shelving the reforms, which were designed to lighten the load for working parents struggling at a tough time for the UK economy. The Telegraph reports that the plans have now been scaled down significantly, despite this country having some of the highest childcare costs in the world, according to the OECD. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Karren Brady blasts 'self-obsessed' Meghan as Kate honours Queen [NEWS] Ola Jordan slips back into Strictly catsuit amid 3.5 stone weight loss [NEWS]      Waterloo Road made its triumphant return to the BBC tonight after a lengthy, eight-year hiatus. Fans were delighted to see some series regulars back in school, including Chlo Grainger (Katie), Donte Charles (Adam) and Kim Campbell (Angela Griffin). Other famous faces included Coronation Street star Kym Marsh, Peep Show actor Neil Fitzmaurice and Emmerdale’s James Baxter. Meanwhile, The Apprentice is welcoming in a whole new group of candidates as budding entrepreneurs bid to become Lord Alan Sugar’s next business partner.      The 17th series of the BBC reality show features 18 new hopefuls that stand to win a life-changing £250,000 from the business mogul. The Apprentice begins at 9pm this Thursday on BBC One. Waterloo Road continues next Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One. The One Show returns tomorrow night at 7pm on BBC One.   