Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was spotted giving his teammates a motivational speech as they warmed up for the north London derby against Tottenham, helping to inspire his side to a 2-0 win. The Swiss star has undergone a sensational transformation at the club over the last 18 months, going from something of a liability to become a real leader in the centre of the park. Xhaka’s Arsenal career had been somewhat stop-start until Mikel Arteta’s arrival at the club. The 30-year-old had sporadically shown the level he was capable of but regularly let himself down through his poor disciplinary record, picking up five red cards in the space of five years. He was also prone to letting his emotions get the better of him, something that was summed up best by his reaction to getting subbed in a game against Crystal Palace in 2019. He was booed as he trudged off the pitch, reacting angrily by mouthing f*** off at the stands while making several sarcastic gestures before removing his shirt and heading straight down the tunnel. The incident meant he was stripped of the club captaincy despite being in the role for just over a month. It also looked like a near certainty he would leave the club in the next transfer window. However, Unai Emery was sacked before January arrived with Arteta helping rehabilitate him to become a crucial member of the squad. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Xhaka is now the vice-captain at the club, something which did not look possible just three years ago. He is a strong voice on the field helping to support the work of skipper Martin Odegaard. The midfielder is also one of the first to go and defend his team mates if they are in trouble, something which can sometimes work to his detriment. This attitude was in play after the victory over Spurs with Arteta forced to pull his player away as he tried to go back and remonstrate with the fan who had kicked Aaron Ramsdale in the back. Xhaka’s transformation within the Arsenal side has been sensational and it is clear that supporters, teammates and his manager are full of respect for the work he does.