Manchester United are adamant they won’t be adding to their squad on transfer deadline day. However, that hasn’t stopped links to Raphinha and Youri Tielemans from arising. And there’s no denying both players would be impressive captures for the Red Devils if, somehow, deals could be struck. Manchester United fans have been calling on the club to move for Tielemans in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury blow. The Denmark international was forced to limp out of their 3-1 FA Cup win over Reading on Saturday night, giving Ten Hag a big scare in the process. And with United put down as ‘ones to watch’ when it comes to Tielemans, who has just six months left on his Leicester contract, it’ll be interesting to see what happens. Meanwhile, it’s also been suggested United may swoop for Barcelona star Raphinha. So Express Sport now takes a look at how the Red Devils would line up if they’re able to bring the pair in by 11pm tonight. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big David De Gea started the season poorly, making mistakes as United lost to Brighton and Brentford. Yet while his distribution still requires work, the Red Devils are happy with the Spain international’s performances in the time since. De Gea is set to become a free agent at the end of the season as things stand. But United are currently negotiating with the 32-year-old over a deal on reduced terms, with the veteran currently pocketing £375,000-a-week. Whether he remains No 1 when Dean Henderson returns from his loan spell at Nottingham Forest at the end of the season, however, remains to be seen. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see United have seen Aaron Wan-Bissaka impress in recent times, with the right-back boosting his chances of saving his Old Trafford career. But Diogo Dalot remains an upgrade in that position and, when fully fit, should start. At centre-back, United have often relied on Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane. And that, consequently, means Inter Milan-linked duo Victor Lindelof and Harry Maguire spending the majority of their time on the bench. Luke Shaw is currently ahead of Tyrell Malacia in the pecking order, having previously lost his place in the side to the Netherlands international earlier in the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United would likely play Tielemans in the Eriksen position if they opted to sign the midfielder from Leicester. The Belgian would bring versatility to the Red Devils' side, allowing them to play in a variety of different ways. Next to him would go Casemiro, who has been the signing of the season for United so far. Many wrote the Brazil international off upon his arrival from Real Madrid - but the Samba star has silenced his critics with some storming performances in the middle of the park. Playing ahead of the pair in the No 10 position goes Bruno Fernandes, who has rediscovered his mojo in recent times. United signed Wout Weghorst at the start of the January transfer window. And he’s made an impressive start to life at Old Trafford, recently opening his account in the 3-0 Carabao Cup victory over Nottingham Forest. Raphinha, should he move from Barcelona, would arguably represent an upgrade on Antony on the right wing. And nobody is getting ahead of Marcus Rashford on the left given his current form. The England international has bounced back from last season’s shambles under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick to score 18 goals across all competitions.