Newcastle United are reportedly still keen on signing James Maddison from Leicester City despite the imminent arrival of £45million signing Anthony Gordon from Everton. per reports. The Magpies are keen to strengthen their squad with a top-four finish within their grasp and Maddison could prove to be the statement signing Eddie Howe has been asking for. Gordon is set to complete his move from Everton for an initial £40m fee, with £5m to be paid in add-ons. The 21-year-old will sign a long-term contract after making clear his desire to leave Goodison Park, with Everton staring relegation in the face. But according to The Mirror, Newcastle will not cease their transfer business with the capture of the England Under-21 international. Maddison is still high on the agenda for Toon and they could launch a summer move, providing the playmaker stays with Leicester this month. Newcastle launched an ambitious attempt to prise the 26-year-old away from the King Power Stadium last summer only for Leicester to reject two offers - with the second understood to be £50m - for their star man. READ MORE: Newcastle target James Maddison received 'concrete offer' amid links But their superb start to the season and impressive business in the transfer market suggests Newcastle are a team on the rise, having also signed Bruno Guimaraes and Alexander Isak over the past 12 months. Leicester - down in the bottom half after a dismal start to the campaign - have arguably regressed over the same period. Maddison is thought to be happy to stay at Leicester but the midfielder only has 18 months left on his contract, with the Foxes yet to agree fresh terms on a new contract. And if the club fail to renew his deal, they could be forced to cash in on Maddison while they can. Newcastle know that if they revive their interest in the summer, they can offer a lower fee than the £50m offered six months ago as his contract runs down. DON'T MISSNewcastle 'really love' Maddison and draw up plans to attack transferNewcastle 'enquire' for Malcom as Saint-Maximin replacement foundNewcastle had discreet swap bid rejected by Everton for Anthony Gordon Maddison's early season form saw the midfielder included in England's World Cup squad after scoring seven goals and assisting four in 14 appearances. Injury robbed him of the chance to make an appearance in Qatar and he has been to see a specialist to resolve a knee problem that has kept him out of action ever since. Leicester have made late moves to strengthen their own squad in the January transfer window, with bids submitted for Shakhtar Donetsk forward Tete, who is on loan at Lyon, and Leeds winger Jack Harrison. However, neither deal is expected to hinge om Maddison's future as Brendan Rodgers looks to strengthen his squad.