The actor, and younger brother of star Ryan O’Neal, died on Saturday January 28 in his California home at the age of 77. Deadline reported that the star died of natural causes, while his nephew, Patrick O’Neal, announced his death on social media. Writing on Instagram, Patrick shared: “Kevin had a wicked sense of humor, just like his older brother, and we have his stories to keep him in our hearts forever. “When Kevin walked into a room you heard him before you saw him. That energy and personality is an old O’Neal trademark. “Heaven better be ready for him!” The actor began his acting career in television in the early 1960s, alongside his older brother Ryan. READ MORE: Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update ahead of BBC Radio 2 absence Kevin made a range of guest appearances on the likes of The Danny Thomas Show, The Donna Reed Show and The Twilight Zone. However, the star was mostly known for his role in the television adaptation of No Time For Sergeants. While originally a novel, the tale had been adapted to the stage and big screen, with Kevin leading its small screen debut in 1964. The 1960s held many television roles for the rising star, and he ended the decade by appearing in a feature film The Trouble With Girls, acting opposite the late Elvis Presley.    During the 1970s the actor began joining his brother in high-profile movies like Love Story and The Thief Who Came to Dinner before retiring from showbiz in the late 1970s. The actor is survived by his son Garrett, his older brother Ryan and Ryan’s children, Tatum, Griffin and Patrick. Fans flooded the comments section of Patrick’s post, sending condolences and support to the grieving family. One fan wrote: “I’m so very sorry for the loss of your uncle, may he rest in peace. Sending prayers to your family. Loved What’s Up Doc!  “All I remember right now is that was a really funny movie and I remember loving the court scene!” Another added: “Oh I'm so sorry to hear this....as a fan of your dad I remember Kevin in many movie magazines...may he rest well...condolences to your dad.” On Twitter, Patrick gave some extra details of the tragedy, reassuring fans that Kevin had passed away peacefully. He wrote: “My uncle passed in his sleep and didn’t suffer for which we are thankful.”  Although his brother stepped out of the limelight decades ago, Ryan is still an avid actor at the age of 81. Throughout his years in Hollywood, Ryan maintained a turbulent relationship with his longtime love Farrah Fawcett. The couple originally started dating in the 1970s, split in 1998 and reconnected in 2001 after the actor had been diagnosed with leukemia. Farrah helped care for Ryan throughout his cancer treatment and the actor reportedly remains in remission today. However, the tables were turned in 2006 when Farrah was diagnosed with cancer and while she was reportedly declared cancer-free the next year, she ultimately died in 2009 from anal cancer at the age of 62.