Disgraced MP and controversial I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! contestant Matt Hancock was interviewed on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain, and viewers quickly branded the former health secretary an "embarrassment," while others deemed the exchange "a car crash interview." It came as Hancock defended his eye-watering salary for taking part in the ITV reality show last year as presenters grilled him over his jungle stint and his public affair. Hancock tried to defend his actions to presenters Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid, explaining he is "only human". "Well last year, he sought forgiveness by going into the I'm A Celebrity jungle," Reid pointed out as she introduced Hancock. "But after donating just a fraction of his fee to charity, has his attempt at redemption worked?" Turning to the politician, she added: "Lots of people this morning are saying, 'Why are you even giving this person time airtime? You shouldn't be forgiven.' Why should you?" READ MORE: Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  "Well, I think it's important for all of us to be able to seek forgiveness for the mistakes that all of us make," Hancock replied. "But also, I think that it's very important for all of us to learn from that experience that I was at the heart of - the pandemic and learn what can be done." Referring to Hancock's camera-captured affair with his colleague at a time when he had implemented rules for the public to stay apart from loved ones, Reid commented: "Lots of people find it completely astonishing that you can stand at the podium month after month, telling people to stick to the rules. "But for some reason they didn't apply to you. Why not?" "Well, I'm only human," Hancock offered to an unconvinced Reid. "The whole country's only human," the ITV presenter pointed out. "Yeah, I understand that," Hancock continued before Reid asked: "Why did you think that you were exempt?" "Well, you know, this is what I asked for forgiveness in the jungle for," he responded. "I'm human, I've described and in my book what happened and how it happened right at the end of the pandemic but that isn't an excuse and that's why been open about it, I suppose, we all have our frailties." Viewers weren't convinced by his justification though, with hundreds taking to social media to express their outrage. Twitter user @MathewHulbert wrote: "Matt Hancock is totally deluded, isn't he? Utterly deluded. "We'd be very grateful to never see his smug little face on TV ever again. #GMB #itv1." @FieldSupportIT shared: "What a car crash interview on #GMB with Hancock." @tighabhinn added: "I don't want to hear from MATT HANCOCK - I think I'll switch over to Sky for 5 minutes #GMB."  "Matt Hancock is making a right t**t out of himself on #gmb again. Bloke can’t tell the truth at all," fumed @brightpinkstar. @SnowAndBeach stated: "Matt Hancock donating £10,000 to two charities from £320,000. So much for not doing #ImACeleb for the money! #MattHancock #GMB." @jayceenn penned: "#gmb Matt Hancock hasn't done himself any favours, only did jungle for the money and to raise his future profile/book etc." @Pablo74761166 demanded: "get matt Hancock off air he's an embarrassment." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.