When Sean Connery quit the James Bond franchise after 1967’s You Only Live Twice, 29-year-old Australian model George Lazenby was cast to replace him. Incredibly he turned down a multi-picture deal after starring in his only movie as Ian Fleming’s spy, On Her Majesty’s Secret Service. This was on the advice of his agent who figured the franchise was on its way out. Nevertheless, the 83-year-old is proud of his part in Bond history and has shared who he wants to replace Daniel Craig. Speaking with TMZ, Lazenby backed his fellow “good-looking Aussie dude” Liam Hemsworth, the brother of Marvel's Thor star Chris Hemsworth. The former Bond believes the Hunger Games actor has an acting CV worthy of being the next 007, with the experience of being able to deal with media attention and scrutiny. The 83-year-old added that the new Bond has to be “crazy enough, arrogant enough, confident enough, ambitious enough to take on the role” since the likes of Craig and Connery are tough acts to follow. Liam isn’t quite as A-list as his Avengers star sibling, who has odds of 50-1 to be the next Bond. But that tends to be an advantage for the next 007 contenders. Aaron Taylor-Johnson, who is heavily rumoured to have had secret meetings and auditions to be the next Bond with producer Barbara Broccoli, is currently the bookies’ favourite. He’s also 32, a good age to start a career as 007. And being the star of smaller films – but supporting in bigger ones –seems to be the right level of fame that EON Productions like their new guy to be before they sign on. Just look at Craig who was “that guy from Layer Cake”, with supporting roles in Elizabeth and Lara Croft, before bagging Casino Royale. As for Liam, there’s always the possibility that he's too busy to be considered now. READ MORE: James Bond – Mel Gibson turned down 007 because of Sean Connery After three seasons of Netflix's The Witcher, Henry Cavill has stepped down from the lead role of Geralt with Liam replacing him. Just as Lazenby followed Connery, this may be the 32-year-old’s next big gig instead. Meanwhile, Cavill – who came second to Craig in the Casino Royale auditions – has been dropped as Superman despite teasing a return at the end of Dwayne Johnson’s Black Adam a couple of months ago. The 39-year-old may be gearing up to star in Warhammer, but he’s always expressed an interest in finally doing Bond. Here are the latest odds for the next 007 frontrunners, which currently have none for Liam: Aaron Taylor-Johnson 5-4, Henry Cavill 6-4, Regé-Jean Page 3-1, James Norton 5-1, Tom Hardy 6-1. SOURCE