Manchester United legend Roy Keane has claimed he still ‘isn’t convinced’ by the Red Devils ahead of Friday night’s FA Cup clash with Everton. Erik ten Hag has guided his side to four wins since the recent World Cup in Qatar. Yet their former skipper feels there’s still room for improvement as they look to make Old Trafford a fortress again. Manchester United have been strong since the tournament in Qatar, overcoming the likes of Burnley, Nottingham Forest, Wolves and Bournemouth. Those results have helped move them to within nine points of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table, while they’re also in contention to win the FA Cup, Carabao Cup and Europa League as well. Yet while United have been impressing, Keane has issued a reality check while speaking on ITV Sport. The former Red Devils star, who won the lot during his spell at Old Trafford, has claimed he’s yet to be fully convinced of their credentials. And he also feels United need upgrades in goal and in defence, at a time where the January transfer window is open. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “No not really, I’ll be honest with you,” he said when asked about his old side. “They’re on a good run and they’ve beaten teams recently but they’ve not really played anybody. “They’ve not really played anybody. Of course they’ve got City coming up in a few weeks and Arsenal of course, but I’m still not convinced. “I still think the problems are there with the centre backs, I’m still not convinced with the goalkeeper. They’re better than obviously last year, which wouldn’t have been hard. “Obviously the Ronaldo situation has been cleared up, I’m sure that will help the situation. “I think they’ve had some cushy games since the World Cup, certainly winnable, he’s been experimenting, playing Shaw centre half, but he won’t be playing Shaw at centre half against Man City or Arsenal, I can tell you that.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see When quizzed on United’s current attackers, Keane then continued: “They’re doing well. Obviously Rashford’s in great form, the two (holding) midfielders doing well - they’ve added some goals and quality, particularly from set pieces which we saw the other night. “They’ve got good options, certainly from midfield, but I think the manager has made it clear that he’s probably on the lookout for a centre forward now what with Ronaldo having left the club. “But that certainly won’t be easy trying to get a top centre forward in.” Ian Wright was also asked about United. And the former Arsenal star responded yay saying: Maybe, but at the same time you can’t take away from the fact that they’re playing a brand of football now where, there are games that you can say Man United should be winning and they’re probably easy games, but it was not so long ago that anybody could come here and give Man United a game or beat Man United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “So, you have to say he’s changed something, that something has changed here with the culture, what they’re doing now. “They’re much in it right now, they’re up there, playing with confidence and they’re not even in their final form of what he wants to do with them, they’re still playing in a counter-attacking style and that’s not how he plays - he wants to play more football so they’re progressing, for me.” He also hailed Rashford, with the United star scoring four goals from his last four appearances. “We’re talking about someone who for the first time in a long time after last season he’s actually had a break,” he said. “That time when he was playing he went through bad form, when he was playing under Ole - Ole still played him. “He’s a young player that got himself into a situation where he was needed, he was playing, it wasn’t going well for him then obviously the stuff he was doing off the field, people using that as like it was causing him a problem - it wasn’t, he’s still doing the same stuff now - but the fact is that he’s had a rest, he’s playing in a team that suits the way he’s playing at the moment, and he’s ready to go. “He’s in form at the moment.” United beat Everton 2-1 earlier in the season. Alex Iwobi put the Toffees ahead at Goodison Park with a terrific shot from distance. But goals from Antony and Cristiano Ronaldo fired United to a vital Premier League win.