Chelsea are reportedly looking to launch two huge bids to further bolster Graham Potter’s midfield options, as they are set to re-enter negotiations to sign Benfica’s World Cup star Enzo Fernandez. The Blues had walked away from talks despite being prepared to spend over the Argentine’s £103million release clause in a bid to circumvent Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations, but the Portuguese side were adamant they wanted the clause paid in full. Portuguese outlet Record have claimed that Chelsea have not given up hope of landing the 22-year-old and are preparing another offer before the January transfer window closes. Despite Fernandez’s public attempts to leave Benfica, which included jetting home to Argentina to celebrate the new year and being subsequently dropped to face Portimonense in the club’s next game, Benfica have claimed that he will only leave for his full release clause. Chelsea are already on UEFA’s watchlist after spending over £400m since Todd Boehly and co took over at Stamford Bridge, though they have been avoiding potential FFP punishment by handing out extraordinarily long contracts to new boys Mykhaylo Mudryk and Benoit Badiashile as they can amortise those fees over a longer period of time. Chelsea could go back in and improve their offer to Benfica for Fernandez - £112m paid over three years - and tempt the Portuguese giant into a sale, or pay the release clause in one installment. He may be partnered at Stamford Bridge by another midfield addition in the form of Moises Caicedo from Brighton, who would be reunited with his former boss Potter. The Daily Mail have claimed that Chelsea are weighing up making an improved bid for the Ecuadorian, having tested the waters with an initial bid of £55m that was swiftly turned down by Roberto De Zerbi’s side. Potter brought Caicedo to the Premier League in 2021 and nurtured him into a key player for the Seagulls. But Brighton are reportedly intent on keeping their 21-year-old star who has formed a strong partnership with Alexis Mac Allister and the club are in a strong financial position, having sold Leandro Trossard to Arsenal for an initial £20m while Caicedo has a contract on the south coast until 2025. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Chelsea boss Potter may not have helped his club in negotiations, however, as he previously claimed that a £42m bid for Caicedo in the summer window would only be enough to buy his boots. “In football you never know, but we are quite calm and confident,” Potter said while he was Brighton boss in regards to keeping Caicedo amid a reported £42m bid from Liverpool. “You'd probably get his boots for that from the chairman - maybe! £100m? They can try. It doesn't surprise me that people are looking at him because he is playing at a fantastic level. As soon as you do research on him you realise he is a top kid, great person, young, playing in the Premier League, has all the attributes to play at the very, very highest level.”