Brain Walshe, the husband of missing woman Ana Walshe, has been charged with the murder of his wife after gruesome evidence appeared to link him to the crime. His wife's body hasn't been found but the convicted art fraudster could still be convicted if the jury believes enough "circumstantial evidence" is found, a law expert told Express.co.uk. One of the many chilling searches he made in the days surrounding his wife's disappearance included: "Can you be charged with murder without a body?"  Brian Walshe has been charged with murdering and dismembering his wife's body. It follows a previous charge that he misled police in the investigation of his missing wife. Melissa Hamilton, professor of law and criminal justice at the University of Surrey, told Express.co.uk: "In US jurisdictions, including Massachusetts, it is legally possible to get a conviction for murder without a body if there is otherwise sufficient evidence of a homicide." Such a conviction has taken place in the state several times including a second-degree murder charge in the same county in 2002, she added. It comes down to how convincing the evidence from the prosecution is compared to that of the defence and whether they can prove Ana is not dead or did not die at the hands of her husband. Similarly, Andrew Pickett, a trial attorney, told Express.co.uk: "In the case of Brian Walshe being charged with murdering and dismembering his wife, Ana Walshe, without a body being found, it is still possible for the prosecution to make a case. "Massachusetts law requires that guilt be based on facts and evidence beyond a reasonable doubt. This means that even if the body is not found, other evidence, such as the knife and internet searches, can be used to establish guilt. "The precedent in Massachusetts is that cases like these typically require circumstantial evidence, so Brian Walshe will likely be found guilty without a body being present. "However, if there are any extenuating circumstances surrounding the case, it may be possible to have a lesser sentence". READ MORE: Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing The evidence has been mounting against the husband who has maintained his innocence. Mr Walshe, who was already on confinement orders after pleading guilty to a 2021 art fraud case, was linked to the death of his wife after investigators found blood and a knife in his home. Gruesome internet searches also revealed that Brian had Googled "how to dispose of a 115-pound woman's body", how to dismember a body, and the likelihood of a conviction if a body isn't found in a case. He also searched “10 ways to dump a body”, “how long before a body starts to smell?” and what “ammonia” and “baking soda” does to a body, on his sons' iPad. As well as the searches, Walshe also lied to prosecutors saying he had gone to get ice cream with his son the day after Ana went missing. However, CCTV footage instead places him at Home Depot where he bought $450 of cleaning supplies in cash including mops, a bucket, tarps, dropcloths and various types of tape, all while wearing a surgical mask and gloves, according to reports. Prosecutors believe Ms Walshe’s remains were thrown into a dumpster in Abington before being shredded and incinerated. “It is believed that Brian Walshe dismembered Ana Walshe and discarded her body,” Norfolk County District Attorney Lynn Beland said.  