The United States is locked in a "space race" with China as Beijing plans to build a lunar research station, a top NASA official has warned. Former astronaut and NASA administrator Bill Nelson also claimed China could eventually claim to "own" the moon's resource-rich areas. The 80-year-old told Politico: "It is a fact: we’re in a space race and it is true that we better watch out that they don’t get to a place on the moon under the guise of scientific research." Nelson added: "It is not beyond the realm of possibility that they say, 'Keep out, we’re here, this is our territory'." Beijing's space programme last year put up an Earth-orbiting space station. It has also mounted several lunar orbiting and sample-retrieving missions. JUST IN: Kevin McCarthy bid for Speaker under pressure as House Republicans warn of 'failures' Its next step is to establish an autonomous lunar research station near the Moon's south pole in 2025, according to the Guardian. Xi Jinping's Government last month offered its vision for a crewed lunar landing, space transportation, infrastructure and space governance. In contrast, NASA recently completed Artemis I's 26-day mission to take pictures of the lunar surface. Future missions will look to establish more activity on the moon but NASA is also focused on expanding operations on Mars. American military chiefs have also expressed concerns about Chinese developments in the cosmos. During a visit to Australia, Space Force Lieutenant General Nina Armagno said: "It’s entirely possible they could catch up and surpass us. "The progress they’ve made has been stunning – stunningly fast." However, China looked to distance itself from Nelson's remarks and wider American concerns about Beijing's space exploration. DON'T MISS:Highway left submerged after flash flooding in California [INSIGHT]Idaho murder weapon offers 'horrendous' insight killer - ex-FBI agent [ANALYSIS]Hunter Biden's baby mama seeking name change for daughter [REPORT] Liu Pengyu, a spokesperson for the Chinese embassy in Washington, told Politico: "Outer space is not a wrestling ground." A statement added: "China always advocates the peaceful use of outer space, opposes the weaponization of and arms race in outer space, and works actively toward building a community with a shared future for mankind in the space domain."