Prince William and King Charles III are "in constant" talks over how to respond to the claims in Prince Harry's book, according to a source with insight into the situation. Prince Harry's memoir Spare savaged the Duke's relationship with his brother Prince William, however, the Firm appears to be sticking to the late Queen's mantra of "never complain, never explain" and have kept tight-lipped over the memoir. However, the King and Prince William are said to be in "constant talks" with other Royals over "how to handle" the book's bombshell claims, according to a source. "It’s obviously business as usual as far as their royal duties go," the source told US Weekly. However, they added that the King, 74, and Prince of Wales, 40, have spoken on the phone and "met in person numerous times" to discuss Spare. As several royal experts have noted, the Palace, at least for now, has chosen not to respond to Prince Harry's allegations. "There’s an acute awareness that Harry and Meghan [Markle] seem to be looking for a reaction," said the source.  They added that Spare had, however, been moved to the "top of the agenda". The allegations in the book take aim, especially, at Prince William and King Charles' wife, Camilla, Queen Consort. The Duke of Sussex accused Camilla, 75, of using her ties with the British media to "rehabilitate her image" and even called her "the villain" in an ITV interview just before the book's release. In Spare, he claims the Queen Consort "sacrificed me on her personal PR alter". READ MORE: Harry demands Royal Family 'apologise' to Meghan and 'come clean'  Prince William was also in the crosshairs, although Harry claims to have cut some explosive content from the memoir about his brother. Particularly scathing was a passage about a physical altercation where Prince William allegedly "grabbed" Prince Harry's collar and "knocked" him to the floor. Prince Harry alleged that William called Meghan Markle "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive" in a conversation just before the alleged altercation. The accusations make it difficult to see how there could be any reconciliation between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm, something which Prince Harry claims he desires.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'very sad' royal feud with Prince William not resolved [REPORT]Prince William 'ain't going to forgive&forget' Harry's swipe at Kate [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's titles 'have to be taken' [ANALYSIS] "He doesn’t even recognize his own brother anymore," a royal source told US Weekly. "The fact Harry has been so rude and insulting towards him, his wife, his father and the monarchy as a whole is just terrible. He doesn’t see how Harry can possibly come back into the fold in any capacity now," they added. Spare was released January 10 and became the fastest-selling non-fiction book. It sold 1.43 million copies on its first day. Since the release, both King Charles III and Prince William have been seen in public performing their royal duties. 