Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, her husband Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and her eldest daughter and future Queen, Princess Amalia, are touring various countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Caribbean and their first stop was Bonaire. For their arrival, Queen Maxima opted for an electric blue blazer from Max Mara, a white top, white trousers and heeled sandals. The monarch wore the "Melania" blue linen blazer, which currently retails for £500, and a cream top underneath from Massimo Dutti. Her white tailored trousers were also from Massimo Dutti, available for £129, and her sandals were from designer Gianvito Rossi. Queen Maxima is a fan of maxi earrings and this time she chose her silver pair from Fahoma. Princess Catharina Amalia matched her mother wearing a blue midi dress. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert The young royal combined her floral dress from Diane von Furstenberg with a white blazer and white espadrilles shoes from Asos. She added a Hermes beige clutch to her look, which she borrowed from her mother, and like Queen Maxima, Amalia wore a chic pair of maxi sunglasses. On their first day in the Caribbean, the family visited the Witte Pan slavery houses and cultural centre in Kralendijk, Bonaire. Queen Maxima looked more stylish than ever in a coral Zimmermann dress, the "Veneto" floral print linen gown with a belt.  The monarch combined it with her brown Gianvito Rossi pumps and a lovely coral hat from designer Maison Fabienne Delvigne. For accessories, she donned a pair of maxi gold earrings and her Chloe "Rosie" octagonal sunglasses. Royal fans loved her outfit with @neyranboungainvillea saying on social media: "She looks wonderful!" and @ale_campos_gua agreed: "She looks awesome!! The hat is superb!" "This is so chic. I love how she styled the headscarf, it looks so vintage. Reminds me of Queen Elizabeth's Malta days," commented @mydocuments. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' Princess Amalia also looked trendy in a long flowy and semi-transparent dress with floral motifs from Maison Natan. She also sported a cute handbag from designer Marina Raphael, the "Micro Porter" laser cut napa bag which retails for a staggering £746. The royal donned a pair of nude pumps and the Hermes "Clic H" bracelet in black for jewellery. Royal watchers commented on social media saying that Amalia looked "lovely" and "exquisite" but some opined that "she looks better in bolder colours". The Kingdom of the Netherlands is formed by four constituent countries, including the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao and St Maarten. King Willem-Alexander is the head of state and three other Caribbean islands, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba, are also municipalities of the Netherlands. Therefore, people from those Caribbean islands are also Dutch citizens. The Dutch Royal Family will spend the next weeks visiting the countries in Princess Amalia's first official tour overseas.