Sunday night saw the remaining contestants of the ITV competition take to the ice once again in a bid to try and impress the panel. However, with no skate-off during the episode, viewers were left reeling by the scores given to Liberty X’s Michelle Heaton.  This weekend saw the remaining celebrities transform into characters from well-known West End productions for Musicals week. One of those included Micelle and Lukasz who performed to All That Jazz from Chicago, which earned them a score of 20 from judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. However, this mark put them at the very bottom of the leaderboard, underneath EastEnders star Patsy Palmer who had the first fall on the ice this series. With many impressed by Michelle, viewers quickly took to social media to blast the judges as they stated the Liberty X singer deserved higher than some of the other contestants.  READ MORE:Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row When it came to revealing the results of the show, Michelle was the second person to be eliminated after not receiving enough votes from the public. Taking to Twitter, to air their frustrations, Its_only_tom_ added: “The lack of skate-off means the judge's scores are going to show exactly who they want gone.” Jacqui_archer said: “#dancingonice how has Ekin Su been scored higher than Michelle? Unfair.” Lmfaoitsjoeyy added: “The judges are clearly rigging it this week so Michelle leaves. it’s not good tv to watch. Darren and Siva both did worse than her. #DancingOnIce” C_Constantinoux swiped: “Michelle and patsy getting similar scores when one of them had a FALL!! unfair #dancingonice”  Fansvfavourites slammed: “how the f**k is Michelle at the bottom of the leaderboard may I ask. All jokes aside it makes no sense whatsoever. so shafted by being made to dance second #DancingOnIce” Gee_McK blessed: “Fix, vote not open long enough.” UpinSpaceMan added: “And again Patsy fell down and still gets MORE than Michelle. WTF @dancingonice #DancingOnIce #VoteMichelle.” Speaking about her exit, she told Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby she was gutted that her time on the show was over.  DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [DANCING ON ICE] The Masked Singer Rubbish star addresses backlash to knocking Lulu out [INSIGHT] Shirley Ballas queries US career after sharing how much she misses son [VIDEO] On the other end, at the top of the leaderboard is Olympian Nile Wilson and his partner Olivia Smart with a total of 33.5. Following close behind is Hollyoaks star Carley Stenson with a total of 32.5, slightly higher than her debut in week two which earned her the top spot on the leaderboard. Although when speaking to Express.co.uk the 40-year-old confessed she was nervous to be scored by her friend Oti Mabuse. The newest judge was partnered with her husband Danny Mac in 2016 when he competed in the BBC show Strictly Come Dancing.  Speaking ahead of her debut, she confessed: “I’m really nervous and excited about what Oti is going to say because Oti danced with Danny. “She’s a fierce friend but she’s already said to me, ‘I’m not going to hold back Carls just because we’re friends.’ “I’m like nope, I want to be judged by Oti I mean Oti is amazing so I want full Oti, I’m scared that I’ve said that now!” Also ending week three with a score of 32.5 was drag superstar The Vivienne with reality star Joey Essex receiving a total of 30. Dancing on Ice continues Sundays on ITV and ITVX from 6:25 pm 