A major burger chain is set to immediately close nine of its restaurants after falling into administration. 218 jobs are expected to be lost as a result of the collapse of Byron, according to the restaurants' owners. The Family Proper Limited company, which owns Byron and Mother Clucker, had been trying to find a buyer to save the business - but has not been able to. 12 of its restaurants will be able to remain open after they sold the business to a new company Tristar Foods Limited, saving 365 jobs in the process.  Claire Winder, managing director at Interpath Advisory and joint administrator, said: “Like many other companies across the hospitality sector, Byron had seen a boost in trading following the end of the COVID lockdown measures. "However, the sky-high inflation seen in 2022 saw costs spiral and resulted in reduced customer spend, which in turn placed significant cashflow pressure on the business. “We are pleased to have concluded this transaction which will see the Bryon name continue to trade on high streets across the country and which, importantly, has preserved a significant number of jobs."   READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson 'shuts Diddly Squat restaurant' as locals hail 'win' [REVEAL]   Interpath Advisory said the company had faced "significant challenges" over the last 12 months which were driven by rising costs, principally food and utilities, together with a reduction in customer spending as a result of the current cost-of-living crisis. It said: "Following an exploration of a number of options to safeguard the future of the business, no solvent offers were forthcoming, and the directors took the difficult decision to file for the appointment of administrators."  The chain first collapsed in the midst of the Covid-19 lockdowns of 2020, hiring adminstrators that summer. It was sold to Calveton, a private investment firm - but only 21 of Byron's 51 branches stayed open, and over 600 jobs were lost in the process. Other chains to fall into administration over the pandemic included Las Iguanas, Cafe Rouge, Bella Italia, Gourmet Burger Kitchen (GBK) and Pizza Express. DON'T MISS: Woman's panic as smart meter racks up £39k bill in one day [REVEAL]Family's 'Christmas Day ruined' as they left gastropub after wait [INSIGHT]Biggest 'mistake people make' at all-you-can-eat buffets [ANALYSIS] 