Stefanos Tsitsipas has been given a boost in his future hopes of winning a Grand Slam title after suffering a straight-sets defeat to Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open final. The world No 3 lost his second Major final but has been told that one of his shots is even better than Roger Federer’s, giving him a fighting chance at finally winning his maiden Slam trophy in the future. Tsitsipas failed to win a set against Djokovic in what was the 24-year-old’s second career Grand Slam final on Sunday, with the now 10-time Australian Open champion pulling out a 6-3 7-6(4) 7-6(5) victory to win his 22nd overall Major title and return to the world No 1 spot. It was a worse result for the Greek star than his first final, which saw him take a two-set lead over the Serb at the 2021 French Open before falling in five. Although he was defeated, the nine-time title winner has been told that his forehand is even better than Federer’s - something that can trouble the likes of Djokovic in future Major finals. “Federer probably made more mistakes on his forehand,” Australian tennis coach Wally Masur told Grand Slam Daily ahead of the final. While he was complimentary of the now-retired Swiss star’s tactic, the former pro believed that Tsitsipas was even more dangerous off the forehand wing. “It was a very extravagant forehand from Roger Federer. It was brilliant, beautiful to watch, could hit winners from anywhere, play all sorts of shots,” he continued. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal follows in Federer footsteps with Novak Djokovic message   “But I think this (Tsitsipas) forehand is a little bigger, top speed, and maybe even a little more reliable. Is that possible? Like it is an amazing shot, but I think the key is how he moves to set it up. He's a big man and he works hard to get consecutive wins and control the court from there.”  While Masur’s hopes that Tsitsipas’ forehand could disrupt Djokovic in the final didn’t come true, it will come as an encouraging statement to the 24-year-old who also came within one match of the world No 1 ranking. And the world No 3 has already vowed to come back stronger in his bid to finally win a first Major and reach the top of tennis as he claimed he was born to be a champion following the final.  DON'T MISS Djokovic to have injury checks as Aus champ will prove doubters wrongNovak Djokovic leaves Tim Henman amazed in Australian Open winNovak Djokovic shares Indian Wells 'wish' as Serb inspired by Jordan “I want to max out in what I do in my profession. No 1 is on my mind. It doesn't come easy, I know that. I got to work harder to make that happen,” he said after the defeat. “Today was my opportunity to be a world No. 1. I had a better opponent on the other side of the net who did things much better than me. He deserves that spot currently. “What I can say is being on the tour for a few years now, I get a lot of different experiences, I get a lot of different things that I'm faced with. It's my time to aim for something like this. I don't see any reason to be lowering my expectations or my goals. I am born a champion. I can feel it in my blood. I can feel it as a competitive kid that I was when I was young. It's something that is within me.” 