This week it was announced that Michael Jackson will be getting a biopic of his own. The star - who died on June 25, 2009 - will join the likes of Freddie Mercury, Tina Turner and Whitney Houston with his own Hollywood movie telling his life story on the big screen. The movie will be titled "Michael" and is due to be directed by American filmmaker Antoine Fuqua - but it will not shy away from the more controversial moments of the star's life. Fuqua is best known for helming such pictures as Emancipation, Training Day, The Equalizer and Shooter. The Hollywood Reporter reported that Michael has been claimed by the studio Lionsgate, and will endeavour to address "all aspects of Jackson's life". Deadline noted that the movie will "deal squarely" with the more "difficult issues" of Jackson's life. This no doubt means the picture will go into detail about the child abuse allegations which were put towards Jackson in 1993. At the time, the King of Pop was accused of sexually abusing a child, prompting them to settle the charges out of court. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson's sister La Toya pays tribute to ex Lisa Marie Presley [NEWS]Michael Jackson was defended by Lisa Marie Presley after ultimatum [INFO]Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie were together for years after split [INSIGHT] In 2002, Jackson was charged with seven counts of child molestation and two counts of intoxicating a minor with alcoholic drinks. After an extensive trial which lasted months, the star was acquitted of all charges. Further accusations were announced following the star's death in 2009 in the 2019 documentary, Leaving Neverland. Michael will be made in conjunction with Jackson's estate, as well as co-executors John Branca and John McClain. The film will also include Graham King, who was involved with the Queen biopic, Bohemian Rhapsody. Jackson's estate has previously condemned the accusations pointed at the singer as nothing more than "tabloid character assassination" before insisting on his innocence. Fuqua said of the movie: "The first films of my career were music videos, and I still feel that combining film and music are a deep part of who I am. For me, there is no artist with the power, the charisma, and the sheer musical genius of Michael Jackson. I was influenced to make music videos by watching his work – the first Black artist to play in heavy rotation on MTV." Fuqua added: "His music and those images are part of my worldview, and the chance to tell his story on the screen alongside his music was irresistible." Michael does not yet have a release date, but production is due to begin this year. SOURCE