Manchester United star Antony was overheard swearing at Bruno Fernandes in their 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace on Saturday, according to reports. The Red Devils had gone into the game hoping to build on their recent victory over Manchester City. However, they were forced to settle for a point in South London - with a return to the capital at Arsenal now up next. United took the lead against Palace in the 43rd minute, with Fernandes netting for the second game in a row with a fine finish. That looked to be enough to claim all three points, with David De Gea managing to regularly keep the home side at bay. But Palace got a leveller at the death, with Michael Olise curling a sensational free kick into the top corner to spark wild celebrations around Selhurst Park. For United, it was a frustrating performance. Though they dominated possession they weren’t always able to do much with it and the setback late on represents a blow to their hopes of winning a first league title since Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And, amid a difficult night for the Red Devils, The Athletic say Antony was overheard calling Fernandes a ‘mother****’ during the contest. Big things were expected of Antony when he moved to United from Ajax back in the summer transfer window for a huge £86million. Yet though he’s scored five goals across all competitions so far, the 22-year-old remains a diamond in the rough. Antony was guilty of overcomplicating things at times, with Fernandes also witnessed having a go at his team-mate during the contest. He’ll need to improve if he’s to become a certain starter for United, especially with teenage talent Alejandro Garnacho challenging him for a starting berth. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And the Red Devils will have to be more ruthless if they’re to boost their title hopes with victory over table-toppers Arsenal on Sunday. The late leveller from Olise was a blow to Ten Hag and his team, with the Dutchman shaking his head at the final whistle. Speaking afterwards, he lamented his side’s failure to put the game to bed before Palace claimed a point. “We had control of the game. We had to invest more in the second,” stated the 52-year-old. “At 2-0 it would be over. Then you get hammered with an unlucky moment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We were 1-0 up. In the second half we had a lot of space to kill them and go for the second. I never saw we really went for the second goal. I have to criticise my team. Go for the second." And he also called on his United players to step up at Arsenal, particularly with Casemiro now suspended for that clash. "From my perspective [they should have had a penalty] but VAR and the referee make the decision. We have to accept it,” he said. "The last time we beat Arsenal without Casemiro so this time we need to do the same. “The booking was instinctive. He missed the ball. It’s quite clear it could have been a dangerous situation. He wanted to stop it and that was his reaction.” United will be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened on their last trip to the Emirates Stadium. Back in April, they lost 3-1 on a chastening afternoon that was overseen by interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka struck in the first half, with Cristiano Ronaldo pulling back a consolation. But Granit Xhaka made the game safe for Arsenal and Fernandes missed a penalty as they slipped to defeat.