With temperatures dropping below freezing once again, motorists are searching for simple ways to make their mornings easier by removing frost quickly and effectively. Many experts have warned drivers of the dangers of using some common methods when clearing ice and frost from their windscreens. Sometimes when trying to remove the frost, they can cause damage to the windscreen itself, or chip away at the paint, which drivers will want to avoid at all costs. Chris Adams, Operations Director at Brindley Group, shared his advice on the best ways to remove frost for those who want to be more prepared for the cold weather. He said: “While boiling water from your kettle or a bank card might be your usual go-to, there are far better methods to achieving a frost-free windscreen. “Using boiling water can even lead to cracks which aren’t cheap to fix, and we doubt your insurer would cover the cost of the damage, either. READ MORE: Elderly drivers call for major rule change when renewing licence “There is no shortage of de-icing sprays that you can buy from garages and hardware stores. “A reputable brand will make light work of ice, especially with the help of an ice scraper too.” The Met Office has issued six yellow weather warnings across the UK today, warning people of snow and ice and what precautions they should take. The warnings cover parts of southern and northeastern England, as well as most of Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. DON'T MISSDrivers expect next car to be petrol or diesel as EV support drops [INSIGHT]Electric car owners warned to stop charging their EV at 80 percent [SHOCKING]'Cat litter and tights' can help drivers clear frost and condensation [IMPORTANT] The warning states that snow showers and icy stretches may cause some disruption, with roads and railways affected by the potential of longer journey times. For the south of England in particular, ice is likely to cause difficult driving conditions overnight into Wednesday morning. Drivers can expect icy patches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths, as well as some injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces. Some rural communities could become cut off as a result of the snow and ice, as services may be affected and power cuts may occur. READ MORE: Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges Mr Adams continued, saying: “If harsh chemicals aren’t your thing, then you can always make your own DIY de-icer. “Try mixing 1/3 of a cup of water with 2/3 of a cup of rubbing alcohol, and then put the solution in a misting spray bottle. You can even use this as a preventative too. “Just spray the mixture on your windscreen in the evening. The next morning, your windscreen shouldn’t be iced over.” If drivers don’t fancy scraping away at a frozen windscreen before their commute, then there are other preventive measures they can try. Something as simple as cardboard from an old parcel can be used to cover the windscreen. It can be secured on the windscreen under the wiper blades the night before, and when it's time to set off in the morning, drivers can leave with a clear windscreen. Covering the mirrors with plastic bags held in place with elastic bands should also keep ice at bay before they hit the road too. Chris Adams concluded: “If that sounds like too much effort, then you might want to invest in a full car cover to help protect your windows and bodywork from the effects of freezing temperatures as well.” The Met Office has not issued any new weather warnings after today, although temperatures are expected to remain in single digits, with freezing conditions seen overnight.