Newcastle United defender Kieran Trippier has weighed in on the club's chances of a stunning Premier League title challenge this season. The Magpies kept their sixth successive clean sheet and extended their unbeaten run to 15 games with Tuesday's 0-0 draw at leaders Arsenal. Eddie Howe's side continued to flaunt their competence at the Etihad Stadium and arguably created the better chances to triumph. They remain nine points behind Arsenal and one behind Manchester City in third and lead fifth-place Tottenham Hotspur by five - albeit with an extra game played. Newcastle have caused a surprise by how quickly their incline has commenced under Howe's watch and Saudi Arabia-backed ownership. Trippier, Sven Botman and Bruno Guimaraes are among the new arrivals to inspire the Tyneside giants to rise from their ruins over the last 12 months. But the England international refused to be drawn into the title conversation, leaving the fantasising to the supporters and media. Trippier said: "That's for you to decide, not me. We just want to keep pushing. We know the big steps we've taken in a short period of time. Look at where we were this time last year. JUST IN: Chelsea draw up plan for David Datro Fofana ahead of new signing debut  "But we can't get carried away. We need to keep our feet on the ground and take it a game at a time and keep building on this good result." Despite remaining coy about Newcastle's title hopes, Trippier encouraged fans to dream and admitted you could 'never say never' in the Premier League. "The fans can dream, but us players just want to keep pushing forward. We want to challenge ourselves in every game," Trippier explained. "We know the position we're in, but you've got to keep your feet on the ground. You can't get too ahead of yourselves. We're only halfway through. "Arsenal are an unbelievable side with an unbelievable manager. The way he's got them playing in and out of possession, they're top of the league for a reason. READ MORE: West Ham boss Moyes speaks out after club chief Gold dies aged 86  "They're eight points clear, but the Premier League is relentless. Never say never because you have some fantastic teams in this league. "There's still another 19/20 games to go. You've still got City, and you can never, ever write them off, and there's Liverpool, Chelsea and all the other teams. It's a tough league." Newcastle also impress away from the Premier League as they search for their first major silverware since 1969. A Carabao Cup quarter-final clash against Leicester City is on the agenda next week, but Howe's side first start their FA Cup campaign at Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here