As the search for British actor Julian Sands continues, a serious weather warning has been issued for the area he is believed to have gone missing in. The 65-year old was reported missing on a hiking trip in the Baldy Bowl area of the San Gabriel mountains ten days ago. On Monday 23 January, the National Weather Service reported high winds affecting the Santa Ana mountain region and San Bernandino, close to the San Gabriel mountains. An alert warned of possible power outages, travel disruption and a risk of falling trees: “The strongest winds will be along the south-facing slopes and foothill areas, below the Morongo Pass, and through and below the Santa Ana Mountain canyons." On Friday, ground crews were forced to ground the search for Sands due to the avalanche risk in the area. “The air search is being resumed, but we have not been able to resume a ground search yet due to icy conditions and a threat of avalanches,” said Gloria Huerta, Public Information Officer for the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department. The forbidding conditions are adding to concerns about the missing actor's safety. READ MORE: Man stuns rescue team as he is found alive after two days 'at bottom of the sea' According to an update by local authorities, the search for Sands continues by "helicopter and drones when weather permits". Actor Julian Sands, star of several Oscar-nominated films including “A Room With a View”, was reported missing at around 19:30 local time on January 13. Phone activity appeared to show Sands was on the move two days after he was reported missing while hiking in California mountains, US police have said. In an update on Thursday, San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department said: "On 15 January, phone pings showed Sands to be heading to the Mount Baldy area. DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT]Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] "Additional phone pings from the cell provider were attempted but were unsuccessful, due to the lack of cell service and most likely cell phone power failure. "A delayed ping through Sands' Apple iPhone operating system, from 14 January, provided a possible location on one of the trails leading to the summit of Mount Baldy. "This area was checked by ground searchers and by helicopter. Ground and air searchers were unable to locate any evidence in this area that would assist in locating Mr Sands." He is believed to have gone missing on a trail on Mt. Baldy, San Bernardino, which climbs 3,900 feet over 4.5 miles to the highest summit in the San Gabriel Mountains. READ MORE: Horror as body of missing mum, 43, found wrapped in plastic in shallow grave Search and rescue crews looked for Sands in the area of the San Gabriel Mountains, about 40 miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles, but had to suspend the ground search on Saturday because of trail conditions and avalanche risks, and have not been able to resume since. The latest in a series of storms that have created dangerous mountain conditions swept into Southern California on Friday and lasted through the weekend. Two other hikers have recently died in the area. Residents on Mount Baldy said the conditions were "extreme". Local Stephanie Coyne told PA: "Conditions can be extreme and even as a resident we don’t hike this time of year…it’s sketchy, it can be very dangerous. "In prior years other people have gone missing and (people) get injured every year." The ski resort worker noted difficult conditions were "typical" for the time of the year but pointed out other similar accidents had been resolved with the safe recovery of missing hikers. Jaqueline Miller-Weaver said: "It’s really icy in some areas, even crampons wouldn’t help you. "It’s really rough…conditions are really bad."