The Masked Singer returned on Saturday as viewers and judges alike tried to guess the identities of the remaining characters. Phoenix took to the stage and performed Elton John’s I’m Still Standing after their latest round of clues left ITV viewers convinced the mystical creature is Neighbours star Jason Donovan. During Phoenix’s most recent clue VT, the secret celebrity used the terms “strictly speaking” and “factor it in”. Clues referring to a mechanic and barbecue were also mentioned. References to Dancing on Ice and the figure 30 featured in the clip. These hints have led fans to identify Phoenix as Neighbours legend Jason who has taken part in both Strictly Come Dancing and Dancing on Ice. Read more: Joel Dommett's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans StewartGaul tweeted: “#Phoenix is Jason Donovan. He was on Strictly. Charlene was a mechanic's apprentice in Neighbours, and he mentioned liking a barbecue, which is very Australian. #MaskedSingerUK.” Gemben82 agreed: “Phoenix is Jason Donovan and no one is telling me otherwise!” “Phoenix is Jason Donovan. War of the worlds. Strictly. 30 years of neighbours. Dancing on ice. Singer. He rose from the ashes of drugs and a law suit. #TheMaskedSingeruk,” Madmaxcapon added. CharlCharles_ wrote: “I know the voice and the name I have written down, that after these clues I’m sure add up to him. I’m pretty sure Phoenix is Jason Donovan! #MaskedSingerUK.” Tina_mcgowan123 suggested: “Phoenix = strictly, dancing on ice and neighbours 30th year anniversary = Jason Donovan #MaskedSingerUK #couldbewrong.” (sic) “Jason Donovan surely for Phoenix #MaskedSingerUK,” NathannJamess said. Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, Mo Gilligan and Rita Ora thought Phoenix could be EastEnders star Sid Owen and Doctor Who’s David Tennant. In previous weeks, Phoenix sang Get Lucky by Daft Punk feat Pharrell Williams and Nile Rogers and Loco in Acapulco by Four Tops. DON'T MISSThe Masked Singer Rubbish star addresses backlash to knocking Lulu out [INSIGHT]The Masked Singer's Rhino isn't Charlie Simpson as expert spots clue [THEORY]Rita Ora's appearance on The Masked Singer leaves viewers distracted [VIDEO] Phoenix’s riddle was: “I’m all flame and fire, my feathers ablaze, it may intrigue you to learn, I’ve been a catchphrase.” Other clues include that they are good at “following a trail” and they have been shown inspecting footprints with a magnifying glass. Phoenix has been “born anew”, “reincarnated” and was quiet as a child. Meanwhile, Katherine Ryan was the latest celebrity to be unveiled on The Masked Singer. The comedian was unmasked and revealed she was one month away from giving birth to her third child during filming.  “I have a month left,” she said. “I feel like I have a baby's foot in my lung at most times and it is actually harder than I thought. “But you can't tell my daughter anything because she would spill it to the whole school so she'll be finding out along with everyone else!” The judges were stunned and praised Katherine on her ability to pull off an Essex accent. “I can only do a sort of Essex accent because I watch so much reality TV,” she said. The Masked Singer continues on ITV on Saturday at 7pm.