An exclusive poll shows more than half of Brits do not want King Charles and the Prince of Wales to reconcile with the Duke of Sussex. Fifty-three percent of those surveyed said they do not want King Charles and William to make peace with Harry, while 28 percent said they should. Nineteen percent of the weighted sample of 1,623 questioned this week said they did not know. Among 18-34-year-olds, 41 percent said the King and Prince of Wales should not make peace with Harry with 31 percent saying they should. This rises to 68 percent among those aged 64 or over who say King Charles and William should not reconcile with the Duke with just under a fifth saying they should. The polling was carried out by Techne on behalf of the Daily Express from January 4 to 5. Techne conducted random telephone interviews using a structured questionnaire for the poll which shows a majority of Britons oppose King Charles and Prince William making peace with Harry. It comes after the release of a Netflix documentary series about the Duke of Sussex and his wife, Meghan, in which the couple make a series of allegations against the Windsors and Buckingham Palace. The poll also comes ahead of the publication of Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare, which officially goes on sale from January 10, although excerpts from the book have been leaked. One claim in the 416 page work is that the Prince of Wales physically attacked Harry in a row over the Duchess of Sussex. Harry also alleges William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005, news of which caused an outcry at the time. READ ABOUT A RISE IN UNLIVEABLE MILITARY HOMES The Duke also says he killed 25 people as a helicopter pilot during his tours of Afghanistan, but that he saw them as "chess pieces" taken off the board. It also emerges in the book that Harry took cocaine at 17 and lost his virginity at the same age in a field behind a busy pub to an unnamed older woman who, he writes, treated him like a "young stallion". The Duke also writes King Charles pleaded with him and William not to make his final years a misery during a tense meeting at Windsor after the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral. Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have declined to comment, but the inflammatory claims and intimately personal book are being seen as damaging Harry's fragile relationship with his brother beyond repair. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book [REPORT] The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews [REVEALED] Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [LATEST] To promote the book, Harry has carried out three interviews to be broadcast in the UK and US, where he lives with his family. An interview with the News at Ten journalist, Tom Bradby, will air on ITV this Sunday. During a 20-second preview, Prince Harry makes an emotional plea to King Charles, admitting: "I just want my father back." He adds: "It never needed to be this way. The leaking...the planting. I want a family, not an institution. "They feel as though it's better to keep us somehow as the villains. They've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile." He continues: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10.