There’s irritation at Arsenal behind the scenes in the wake of their failure to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Ukraine international had previously been Mikel Arteta’s top transfer target at the Emirates Stadium. However, he’s now set to join Chelsea instead on a contract that will run until 2030. Chelsea are spending money freely as they look to turn their season around under Graham Potter, who has struggled ever since his appointment back in September. And it emerged late on Saturday that Mudryk would be moving to Stamford Bridge, in a major blow to Arsenal. According to The Independent, there’s ‘irritation’ within the club at the manner in which their deal has been hijacked. Arsenal were insistent they had a limit when it came to signing Mudryk and, in the end, their failure to meet Shakhtar Donetsk’s demands cost them dear. Arsenal think Mudryk has plenty of talent and could be a superstar in the future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, they supposedly do not believe that ‘warrants going all in’, with the north London giants hoping to make two signings by the time the transfer window slams shut. Barcelona’s Raphinha is one player who could join, having struggled for consistency since leaving Leeds for the Nou Camp back in the summer. The Brazil international was on Arsenal’s radar back in the summer yet, in the end, opted to move to La Liga. And whether Arsenal are able to acquire an alternative to Mudryk remains to be seen as they look to win a first Premier League title since 2004. Reacting to the news Mudryk would be moving to Chelsea, talkSPORT pundit Gabriel Agbonlahor slammed the Blues and accused them of ‘financially bullying’ Arsenal. “With this transfer, Chelsea have bullied Arsenal, they have financially bullied them,” said the former Aston Villa captain. “They went over and spoke to his agent and probably told him, ‘We’ll give you [the agent] more, we’ll give the player more in wages and we’ll give the club more money up front’. “Arsenal were maybe going to give him £100,000 or £150,000-a-week, and it wouldn’t surprise me if Chelsea offered him £250,000 or £300,000-a-week! “Chelsea can just turn up with an open wallet and say, ‘What do you want?’ “I think it’s a good signing, but it’s going to hurt Arsenal and it’s going to hurt Arsenal fans.” Arsenal superfan Piers Morgan, meanwhile, vented his fury on social media. He tweeted: "I’m irrationally annoyed about this Mudryk fiasco. "If Arsenal want to win the League this season, we can’t faff around for weeks on key targets and then get outflanked/outbid at the last minute. Looks weak. "We must buy another top class striker asap." He’d previously said: "How can this be happening? Ridiculous that Arsenal let this transfer saga drag on so long we’ve apparently ended up losing him." Mudryk is the fifth Chelsea signing of the January transfer window after previous deals for David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos, Benoit Badiashile and Joao Felix. The Ukraine international could make his debut against Liverpool at Anfield next Saturday (12.30pm).