Toto Wolff has admitted he had considered stealing one of Red Bull’s drivers before changing his mind. Nyck de Vries switched from Mercedes to Red Bull ahead of 2023 after signing a deal with AlphaTauri. De Vries had been one of Mercedes' reserve drivers and even stepped in for Lewis Hamilton in free practice last season. However, he starred in his race debut at Williams after standing in for the injured Alex Albon at the Italian Grand Prix. His performance caught the eye of team bosses and secured him a drive with AlphaTauri after Pierre Gasly departed for Alpine. When asked if he had considered bringing de Vries back into the team, Wolff replied: “I thought about it.” However, Wolff stressed he now hopes De Vries will impress in F1 and one day end up at a top team. READ MORE: Toto Wolff comments on Lewis Hamilton after Mercedes contract problems He added: “I hope that he’s successful in AlphaTauri. I hope he will be so good to make it into a Red Bull seat one day, because he deserves that. “And then we take it like sportsmen, and we fight it out.” After De Vries drove Hamilton's car in France, Wolff accepted he would need to let the Dutchman leave the team if they couldn't find him another F1 project. However, he praised the 27-year-old’s talent after he finished inside the top 10 with Williams at Monza. Wolff commented: “I think if one of the teams who still have a free seat don't pick him up now, then I don't understand the world anymore.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton gives unexpected 'greatest F1 year' verdict [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton warned he may only win a few more races in F1 career [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton tipped for two more years in F1 despite stalled talks [COMMENT] De Vries’ F1 future was secured after being urged by compatriot Max Verstappen to phone Red Bull chief Helmut Marko. De Vries told the Beyond the Grid podcast: “I had dinner with Max on Monday evening in Monaco to kind of celebrate [the weekend]. We talked about it openly, about the possibilities and opportunities. We talked about potentially AlphaTauri, Dr Marko, and that’s how it went. Later that week I was seen in Graz. We had a great time together. We spent two days eating Austrian local food, talking about the future together. He has a good sense of humour and we respected each other. “I think he appreciated me for being there, representing myself, and having the conversations with him directly. Red Bull is all about performance and winning, and I share that, so it was very straightforward and enjoyable.”