As part of their appeal, the police have released CCTV footage and screenshots of the last recorded moments of Nathan's journey. In a statement, they said: “There have been no further sightings of Nathan since and while officers continue to pursue all possible lines of enquiry, they are increasingly concerned that he may have come to harm. “Extensive enquiries have been carried out in an effort to confirm Nathan’s movements on the night he was last seen. “Advice has been sought from police search specialists and from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command.” They added: “Officers were able to confirm he paid for four cans of lager at a shop in Blackhorse Lane, E17 at 22:05hrs before boarding a 158 bus in the direction of Chingford. “At 22:55hrs, he got off the bus outside Walthamstow Academy, close to the junction of Academy Way and Billet Road. “He was picked up on residential CCTV walking along Billet Road around ten minutes later. “At 23:17hrs, he can be seen on CCTV walking west along nearby Banbury Road in the direction of the River Lea.” Although, no recordings exist of Nathan after this time, officers believe his phone was active near the Edmonton branch of Ikea on Glover Drive. Detective Sergeant Julie Morrow, of the Central West Missing Persons Unit, said: “More than a week has gone by since Nathan’s family had any contact with him. “They are obviously extremely worried and while we are doing all we can to support them we really need the public’s help as we continue our search. “We hope very much that we will find Nathan safe and well but with each day that passes, our concerns that he may have come to harm increase. “Nathan has been described as an outgoing and gregarious character. He was someone who was very sociable and would engage in conversations with anyone. “He knew the Walthamstow area and it is possible he had travelled there to meet with friends or to attend a party or gathering.” The police said they wanted to hear from anyone who saw Nathan late on the night of January 21, early the following the morning, or at any time since the evening. They added: ““We would also like to hear from anyone who spoke to Nathan on the night, who knew of his plans or who knows where he might have gone or who he might have been meeting.”  They police statement said: “No piece of information is too small.” Anyone with information has been asked to call 101 and give the reference 23MIS002577. Information can also be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers who can be called on 0800 555 111.