The Kemp couple were the third to be voted off this series and finally unveiled themselves to judges Jonathan Ross, Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan and Davina McCall. Unfortunately, Shirlie and Martin failed to make it to the next round after the pair went up against the celebrity behind Knitting. As there were unveiled their son Roman shared his shock on social media. “ARE YOU F***ING JOKING,” he penned. A couple of minutes later, Roman posted another update: “I JUST SHOUTED THE PHRASE ‘TAKE IT OFF’ TO MY PARENTS I CANT UNDO THAT.” (sic) He later shared onto Instagram an adorable behind-the-scenes picture of Cat and Mouse, writing: “Fair play” and tagging his parents READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Georgia Taylor 'splits from partner of 14 years' In another hilarious video, he posted his reaction to watching his parents being unmasked, saying: “Can someone please explain what is going on?” He later gifted fans with a full video of himself and his sister Harley Moon watching the episode with their mum. As the couple were unmasked, Roman exclaimed: “Shut the f**k up, oh my god, I knew it!” He then repeatedly shouted “I knew it” at the screen as Harley and Shirlie giggled on the sofa. "You’re a liar! Look at you both there!” he shouted at them before both kids shared their pride for their mum with a family hug. ‘Well done!’ they echoed before Roman reassured fans that he did "grill" his parents about their secret. His reaction certainly sent viewers into hysterics, with SpecSavers' Twitter account commenting: “Bet you couldn’t believe your eyes.” "When your parents both impress and show you up at the same time," Adam123 laughed. DONT MISS:Dame Laura Kenny comforted by Prince William after devastating loss (PHOTOS)Ulrika Jonsson blames Prince Harry's 'sexism' on mum Diana's death (NEWS)Kim Kardashian breaks silence as Kanye marries look-alike she 'hates' (LATEST) AnnaNicols36 wrote: “I hope they’ve recorded a reaction from you for Celebrity Gogglebox,” referring to Martin and Roman sharing the sofa together for the Channel 4 programme. Fans had claimed for a while that Martin and his wife were Cat and Mouse on the programme. It comes as the couple showed off their new kitchen as Martin posed alongside the white countertops and huge island in an Instagram post with his Wham! star spouse. The photos showed the white counters and matching white marble tops, fitted with gold detailing and surrounding a huge white sink. A double stove is hidden in a small alcove, next to a sprawling kitchen island perfect for hosting guests for dinner. The kitchen has a number of high-tech fittings including a WiFi-operated coffee machine and oven - with the fridge hidden in a separate room. "My favourite part of the kitchen is the coffee machine, it’s connected to wifi so when you are in bed in the morning you can go on the app and get your coffee ready for the day, no need to move," Martin gushed.