If you thought PC screens were just for viewing boring spreadsheets think again. Samsung has just unveiled a trio of displays for your desk at the CES technology show in Las Vegas and they look sensationally good. Perhaps the most impressive is the new Odyssey Neo G9 which boasts an impressive 7,680×2,160 resolution, speedy 240Hz refresh rate and a giant 57-inch size that curves to make content feel more immersive. Other nice upgrades on this ultimate accessory include a matt finish to stop annoying reflections plus there's access to apps such as Netflix allowing this monitor to transform into a fully functioning smart telly. If that whopping size sounds a bit big for the home office there's also a smaller 49-inch version called the OLED G9. So, that's the ultimate screen for playing games and having some fun but Samsung is also launching a new display that is dedicated to work. The Viewfinity Monitor S9 features a pin-sharp and pixel-packed 27-inch panel with 5K technology which makes it ideal for creative users who retouch images and edit videos. To make sure content looks perfect, the monitor has a built-in Color Calibration Engine which Samsung is promising will ensure precise screen colour and brightness. Users can also adjust white balance, Gamma and RGB colour balance for perfect accuracy. A clever hinge can also allow the S9 to be spun from landscape into portrait mode depending on your workflow. Finally, there's an upgrade to Samsung's M range of products with the launch of the new M8. This screen is ideal for the family with it featuring a colourful design and the option to buy it in 28-inch and 32-inch sizes. Along with checking emails and browsing the web, users have the option to switch the Smart Monitor M8 into a mini telly with easy access to services such as Prime Video, Netflix, YouTube through Smart Hub - the screen even ships with a mini remote control. Those who love playing top titles can also easily access Samsung Gaming Hub, which now includes Xbox Games Pass for a console-style experience. One other nice feature is an integrated SlimFit camera which has now been upgraded with 2K resolution and works with video conferencing apps such as Google Meet. “We are introducing the future of gaming monitors with our Odyssey Neo G9, making each game more lifelike with innovative features and picture quality on a new scale,” said Hoon Chung, Executive Vice President of Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics. “CES is the perfect place to showcase our innovations that can take not only gamers but also graphic designers or TV fans to the next level while providing personalized experiences across a range of integrated smart apps.” The launch of these displays could just be the start of things to come this week. CES officially begins on Thursday, January 5 and expect plenty more big-screen news to be revealed. Samsung always uses this global event to unleash its latest and greatest screens which continue to get bigger, brighter, packed with extra pixels and more environmentally friendly. MicroLED tellies could be big news again this year with Samsung slowly rolling out this premium technology - which offers incredible clarity and much richer blacks - across more of its range. Express.co.uk is making the trek to Las Vegas and will be bringing you all news live from this event. So watch this space!