The key to effective fat burn is a combination of a healthy diet and a regular exercise regimen, but certain additions to the routine can further weight loss. Some drinks, for instance, have shown promise in weight management when incorporated into a healthy lifestyle. Supplemented with calcium and vitamin D, orange juice may specifically lead to significant reductions in intra-abdominal fat. Several studies have suggested that calcium and vitamin D may play a role in the regulation of abdominal fat mass. In 2013, this evidence prompted researchers to investigate the effects of calcium and vitamin D (CaD) supplementation delivered in orange juice. The study, published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, found evidence of weight loss and visceral fat reduction over the course of 16 weeks. More specifically, the reduction of visceral fat was significantly greater in the CaD group than in the control group. READ MORE: Some herbal teas may ‘switch off’ fat-storing genes In prior research, dietary calcium has proven useful in increasing the exertion of fat through stool, which is beneficial in preventing gain. It’s also been proven that adequate intake of both nutrients can attenuate meal intake, prolong the intervals between meals and reduce food intake the following day. In fact, inadequate levels of vitamin D have correlated with unintentional weight gain in a number of studies. Some types of fortified orange juice have proven just as effective as vitamin D supplements in maintaining vitamin D status in adults. READ MORE: Fruity drink could help ‘significantly’ reduce visceral fat - study What's more, an eight-ounce glass of fortified orange juice provides about a third of the daily value (400IU) required of calcium. Another way to load up on vitamin D and calcium is to emphasise foods like leafy greens, such as collards and spinach in the diet. “Tofu and sardines are also good picks, as are dairy foods like yoghurt, cheese and milk,” says WebMD. Alternatively, vitamin D can be acquired through the sun, as the nutrient is produced in the skin through the action of sunlight. Adults should aim to get between 10 and 30 minutes of midday sunlight several times per week to maintain healthy levels During the winter months, “everyone” in the UK is therefore advised to take a daily supplement containing 10 micrograms of vitamin D, according to the Government's website. Because different dosages of vitamin D have different uses, people are advised to have their vitamin D levels checked before taking supplements. Taking too much vitamin D can be detrimental to health, causing elevated calcium levels, nausea, vomiting, poor appetite and nausea.