Kate Middleton has re-worn a £62 pair of gold hoops to launch her new early years campaign 'Shaping Us' while in east London. She paired the 18k gold plated Alia earrings, created by Welsh designer Hayley Jones for her brand Spells of Love, with a teal blouse to speak with children at St John's Church of England School. Kate also wore the earrings in 2020 while paying a visit to Wales with Prince William, then wearing them with a floral dress. Spells of Love is described online as creating pieces with a mix of "bohemian feminine influence" and "trend-led modern aesthetic", focusing on "ethical production". The "best selling" hoops are sent to customers in a "100 percent plastic free and biodegradable bag". The 'Shaping Us' initiative, part of Kate's campaign to raise awareness of the importance of early childhood, aims to draw attention to children's development before their fifth birthday.  She set out her plan for the scheme in an open letter, which was shared in the Mail on Sunday. A short video has also been published on social media, which shows her hands opening a photograph album with a blank cover. Inside, next to a picture of an adult man she writes the question: "What shapes us?", while on other pages we see pictures of families, an ultrasound scan and a pregnant woman.  READ MORE: Monaco's royal children compared to George, Charlotte and Louis Behind a picture of a little girl the words "Our early childhood shapes the adults we become" are revealed. A spokesperson for Kate described the campaign as her "life's work". The initiative has been launched by the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which Kate set up in June 2021. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle see staff shake-up at Archwell [LATEST]London mother drowned while swimming at popular Mexican beach  [REPORT]Woman calls for firework control after dog dies of heart attack [INSIGHT]  In her open letter the princess writes: "During our very early childhood, our brains develop at an amazing rate – faster than at any other time. "Our experiences, relationships, and surroundings at that young age, shape the rest of our lives. "It is a time where we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. It is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others and understand the world in which we live. "But as a society, we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. I am absolutely determined that this long-term campaign is going to change that." 