They drop this bombshell in order to stop any real challenge as to why their members are prepared to walk away from sick, vulnerable, frightened people – and schoolchildren – to get a few more quid in their pay packets. What? So a paramedic who, with overtime, earns £47,000 a year needs to use food banks? A nurse on £35,000 a year needs to use food banks? Firemen who can earn up to £42,000 – and most of whom have second jobs thanks to flexible working hours – need food banks? And teachers – average salary, £38,000 – need food banks? I don’t think so. Yes, currently, thanks to inflation, all those salaries feel smaller but that’s the same for everyone, especially those on less than £30,000, of which there are many. The food bank line is peddled because it feeds into the victim narrative of union bosses who’d have us all believe that public service workers – most of whom have longer holidays, bigger pensions and better working conditions than many in the private sector – are a few quid away from living in a cardboard box. It’s twaddle. I don’t doubt public service workers, like many millions in the private sector, are struggling to make ends meet in this brutal cost-of-living crisis. But struggling to make ends meet is a world away from literally starving. Having a salary that doesn’t buy you everything you want isn’t the same as having no money to buy what you need to stay alive. Food banks exist for people who have nothing – people who have lost their jobs, their homes, their pride. They’re for those who have fallen on desperately hard times. People earning close to £40,000 maybe just need to manage their money better. All of these competing claims of poverty are simply to detract from the fact that ambulance staff, paramedics, nurses (who by the way should get a pay rise) are walking away from sick, vulnerable people and weaponising their sickness in order to emotionally blackmail the Government. How can you go into the business of saving lives yet walk away from people who need you to save them? As for striking teachers – how can they tell us they care about our children’s futures and then vote overwhelmingly to strike? These people have a duty of care to our kids and striking is a dereliction of that duty – especially now as thousands of them still haven’t caught up after Covid. And it’s not middle-class kids who’ll suffer, with these walkouts because their parents can afford catch-up tuition, it’s working-class kids for whom life’s deck is already stacked against them. Do all the unions – and their members – currently demanding up to 15 percent pay hikes understand the Government’s got a £50billion black hole and mountainous debts thanks to Covid – many of which were incurred by paying people NOT to work for nearly two years. Striking in the 21st century is an archaic cudgel that never achieves its monetary goal. But then these strikes aren’t about money. They’re about hard-Left union bosses whose hatred of this Tory Government is so venal they’re prepared to literally sacrifice lives – and our children’s futures – to destroy it. And it’s monstrously unfair that the people who will suffer are the sick, the frail and the elderly. And of course, our children! Spare might be the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever, but Harry’s betrayal of the Royal Family isn’t playing well for him in the US. In a poll this week, Haz’s approval rating plummeted to minus-7 from plus-38 in early December. And Meghan’s has nose-dived from plus-23 to minus-13. Asked if Harry was right to trash his family and reveal their intimate secrets, only 26 percent said he was. Even woke American talk show hosts are now openly deriding him over stories about his frozen penis and his treachery. Onstage at the Critics’ Choice Awards, US comic and TV host Chelsea Handler said: “Dahmer became the third-highest-viewed show on Netflix, with a combined watch time of one billion hours – which, apparently, is the same amount of time we’re going to have to listen to Prince Harry talk about his frostbitten penis. Enough already.” Who knew all the moaning and whining would be as sickening for Americans as it is for us Brits? Three Labour MPs shared a platform at a trans rights protest this week with violent trans activist Sarah Jane Baker, who served 30 years in jail for kidnap, torture and attempted murder. She even called for JK Rowling’s death. This scumbag also said at the protest she wants to get into Parliament and when she does she’ll invite everyone who helped her round to take drugs. These idiot MPs lent this piece of work their support just days after some male Labour MPs heckled Rosie Duffield in the Commons for defending women’s rights over Scotland’s plan for gender self-ID. Anyone who thinks Labour is remotely ready to govern is as dopey as those MPs who were so desperate to burnish their woke credentials they didn’t check who they were supporting – a violent thug who nearly murdered someone. BTW, the MPs in question are Olivia Blake, Nadia Whittome and Lloyd Russell-Moyle. You have my sympathy if they represent you! Liberal Lefties are beating their chests over the shock resignation of New Zealand PM Jacinda Ardern, and behaving like the world lost a cross between Indira Gandhi and Mother Teresa. Jacinda, who whimpered a lot as she told us: “I no longer have enough in the tank to go on”, is being a bit disingenuous here. She jumped before she was pushed. She’s tanking in the polls because a recession is looming and inflation is soaring, but the real reason she refuses to face an election is that she knows New Zealanders will kick her out. They want shot of her because her draconian zero-Covid policy kept a nation imprisoned for two years, the damage of which will resonate for years to come. She also instructed people not to talk to neighbours and stopped Kiwis returning to their own country even if family members were dying. There’s not much liberal about any of that! I don't know how it came up, but when I met The Husband 30 years ago, he told me Gina Lollobrigida, who died this week aged 95, was his biggest crush. He was 30 then and she was 66. I remember being a bit miffed, because at the time I was 37 and a bit of a looker. Still, having read all the stories about how La Lollo – often described as “world’s most beautiful woman” – drove men from Howard Hughes to Fidel Castro crazy with lust, I suppose he can be forgiven. Speaking about the effect she had on men, she said in 2000: “I’ve had many lovers and still have romances. I am very spoiled.” She was 73 then and still hoovering up gorgeous men! Jealous? You bet I am! The world’s oldest woman died at the age of 118 this week. A French nun called Lucile Randon – known as Sister Andre, – passed in her sleep on Tuesday in Toulon. Lucile was born in 1904 a whole decade before the outbreak of the First World War. Those who knew her say the secret to her long life was that she had chocolate and a cocktail every day. Now those kinds of “devotions” we can all sign up for. RIP Sister Andre – I’m sure Heaven will be awash with pina coladas. On its website, Netflix is advertising for a flight attendant for the firm’s private jets. The successful candidate will “have to be able to stand for long periods and carry up to 30lbs”. The salary is £310,000. I’m wondering how long it was after the advert went out that its website crashed with every air hostess on the planet – and most of the women in the world – applying for it. I wonder if they’d consider a 60-something newspaper columnist with strong arms who can stand for hours provided her body is slathered in Voltarol?