Elvis Presley fans gather every January 8 to celebrate The King’s birthday outside Graceland and this year was especially special following the release of his biopic last year. The singer's only child, Lisa Marie Presley adored Baz Luhrmann’s movie for finally portraying her father “right”, as she expressed at a special premiere of the movie at the Memphis mansion in 2022. Now she returns in another rare public appearance to honour what would have been the singer’s 88th birthday. Before Lisa Marie took to the stage next to a giant birthday cake themed for the 50th anniversary of the Aloha from Hawaii concert, some other figures from the Elvis world made speeches.  These included Alton Mason, who played Little Richard in the Elvis movie, TCB Band pianist Glen Hardin and Managing Partner of Graceland Holdings LLC, Joel Weinshanker. The latter became visibly emotional as he said how the house was Lisa Marie’s before introducing her to the stage. The former wife of Michael Jackson and Nicolas Cage was wearing dark sunglasses and spoke with a deep voice as fans on the livestream expressed their concern for her. It’s worth pointing out that Lisa Marie’s son Benjamin Keough died at 27 in 2020, and she understandably continues to be in deep mourning for him. The King’s grandson is buried by his grandfather in Graceland’s Meditation Garden to this day. Supportive fans commented: “I cannot imagine the pain she faces. Respect for Lisa…it’s very draining…Poor Lisa. Pray for you Lisa. Wish you peace… …She sounds so tired…She will never recover from a child’s death…We are grieving with you Lisa.” The 54-year-old daughter of Elvis made a brief speech highlighting how much she appreciated the fans. READ MORE: Elvis funeral: Lisa Marie's last gift 'Can I give my daddy this?' Lisa Marie said: “Thank you. It’s been a while. I missed you. I keep saying you’re the only people who can bring me out of my house. I’m not kidding! I love you back and that’s why I’m here. So today he would have been 88 years old. It’s hard to believe. And I think he’d be proud. I think this year’s been an incredible year. I think the movie was incredible and I’m very proud of it. I hope you guys are too. I really appreciate you coming from all over the world and it’s really moving to me and my family and thank you.” Afterwards, the official proclamation of Elvis’ birth was read out and his daughter cut the birthday cake as everyone touchingly sang Happy Birthday to the late King of Rock and Roll, who remains the best-selling solo artist in the history of music.