EastEnders youngster Lily Slater (played by Lillia Turner) was dealt a devastating blow on Sunday night after discovering she was pregnant. The 12-year-old was rushed to the hospital after suffering from stomach pains, although, it was believed her symptoms were due to carbon monoxide poisoning. However, her mum, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) was horrified to learn her daughter was pregnant. In dramatic scenes, Stacey told a confused Lily the news as she lay in a hospital bed. When asked whether she could go home, Stacey said: "No, not just yet. "This is Holly she is a social worker and this is DC Booth. We have been talking, they are really nice and just want to chat with you." "Am I in trouble?" the youngster asked in a panic as Stacey reassured her: "No. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation "The doctors did a few tests and you're pregnant." The pair broke down as Stacey continued: "I promise you are not in trouble. "It is just however it happened, whatever happened...darling, it's because you are so young they need to find out how it happened. "They're going to take you to like a little interview place, like a police station but not as scary." "No," Lily pleaded, begging her mum to let her go home. "They're all happy you're safe," Stacey sobbed. "Then you can come home." However, fans have taken to social media to share their theories on Lily's storyline, with many claiming to have worked out who the father of the baby is. Some believe it could be newcomer Freddie (Bobby Brazier), while others think it could be Nugget (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury). DON'T MISS...Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [SPOILERS]Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [THEORY] Nat theorised: "Just watched EastEnders @bbceastenders use think I'm stupid I know who the dad to Lily is its Ricky Branning! Who remembers that episode where Denise asked Ricky in the pub where is he going and he goes “to meet a mate” that mate was lily." (sic) @Onelifee3 said: "I think Lily has slept with an older lad or even an older guy not the obvious young boys on the square." While user @MarvelM31948178 added: "Wtf, Lily is pregnant!!! I feel like the dad will be Freddie." (sic) "Could Ricky actually be Lily's baby Daddy? She's had a lot to deal with recently, what with Jean's illness & he's also had everything with Amy's self-harm & might of been feeling a little neglected potentially? Can't see it being Denzel he likes Amy. Will? Nugget?" Grianne theorised. "There are two possibilities here... Either Lily's done something with a boy her age like Tommy or Nugget, or this is a new sexual abuse storyline coming about," user @Mousyneska predicted. User @luuleey_ quizzed: "WHAT!!! Lily’s pregnant? who’s the daddy?! #Eastenders." Diana asked: "Lily is pregnant? BY WHO?????? #Eastenders." (sic) "I was right!!! Lily’s pregnant at age 12. I think Ricky Jr. is the father," user @BovaryCee claimed. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday from 7.30pm on BBC One.