  Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 48, has talked about the end of her baby-having days following her split from husband Clive Owen, 68. The Our Yorkshire Farm stars, who decided to file for divorce last year, share nine children together on a farm in Ravenseat, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire.     Over the course of her marriage to Clive, Amanda was pregnant a whopping nine times and, now that she no longer has any toddlers crawling around, she has since spoken about whether she is “sad” that her baby days are over. Her comments come after the famous Channel 5 couple announced they were going their separate ways back in June. “I loved having babies about, but I wasn’t ‘goo-goo, ga-ga’. I couldn’t wait for them to find their own feet and run off,” she admitted. “Someone once said to me, ‘Oh, my God, you’ll really regret having all these kids when they’re teenagers.’ READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself'      “And now I’ve probably got about four or five teenagers, and it’s great. I love it. “I feel like it keeps me young. And I love seeing their characters and how different they all are,” she confirmed in her interview with RadioTimes. Amanda and Clive met in 1996, married in 2000 and went on to have nine children before finally deciding to call it quits. Between them, the couple share: Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, 9, Clemmy, 7, and six-year-old Nancy.       In the recent interviewer was “surprised” to find that the pair were willing to appear together in a zoom call. Asked if their relationship was now at a more cordial stage, rather than one of bitterness, Amanda spoke frankly about their separation. “Look, there are two simple facts: if he thought I was brilliant, and I thought he was brilliant, then we wouldn’t have separated,” she said. “It’s a fact, isn’t it? But, you know what, that’s not unique, it’s just how things are, pressures, all the rest of it. READ MORE... Sir Brian May inundated with support after death of co-star [INSIGHT] Pete Davidson 'removes tattoos dedicated to Kim Kardashian' [UPDATE] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [PIC]      “But we have nine kids, with associated friends, girlfriends, and we just have to get on with it,” During the chat, Amanda also confirmed that it had been a “tough” year for their family. In the interview she also appeared to be exchanging some banter with Clive, joking: “This was my cunning plan so that he can’t accuse me of saying anything awful about him.” “He’s not smitten with me, are you, Clive?’’ she added later, with the farmer then reportedly rolled his eyes behind her.       The Owens have starred in multiple television shows, becoming TV favourites thanks to Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm, which aired in 2018. Last year, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation after 20 years of marriage. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.   