A good finish on plastering is not only fabulously satisfying, when done right, but also provides a strong base for a beautifully decorated room down the line whether you are intending on wallpapering your room or painting one solid wall after. To plaster walls like the professionals — and end up with a professional finish, you need to dial in on working carefully and concisely. Thomas Goodman, DIY expert at myjobquote.co.uk, spoke to Express.co.uk to detail the necessary steps to follow when plastering a wall for the best finish. Step 1: Preparing Before you start working on the wall, laying down a dust sheet to protect the floors by gathering all of the debris, dust, and plaster spills is a “must”, according to Thomas. He said: “You want to ensure that the wall you want to plaster is free from dust and debris. This is very important if you’re plastering an old or very worn wall. Ensure all cracks and holes are filled or covered before moving on.” Step 2: Apply the PVA PVA will help to seal all of the pores of the drywall. Dilute the PVA BY one part PVA with four parts water. Start by rolling the PVA mixture onto a brush and then apply it to the wall. READ MORE: ‘Super easy’ steps to paint radiators for a ‘beautiful smooth finish’ Make sure that the entire surface of the wall is covered. Once you’ve gone over the wall with the PVA mixture, the first layer of plaster can then be applied. Step 3: Mix the plaster According to the expert, different types of plaster will require different mixing methods. He said: “It’s important that you read the manufacturer’s instructions to ensure that you mix the plaster correctly. Be sure to wear a dust mask when you open up the bag of plaster.” Start by pouring the mix into a bucket of cold water and mixing it until it has a thick consistency without any lumps. Keep mixing the plaster into the water and not the other way around. Step 4: Apply the plaster to the wall Once the plaster mixture has been prepared, you can then start applying the first coat with the hawk board, floating tool, and trowels. DON'T MISSEliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item [TIPS]‘Best’ method to prune your peace lily - ‘nudges it to flower again’ [EXPERT]‘Perfect natural weed eradicating solution’ that works on ‘all weeds’ [COMMENT] Thomas advised: “Practice applying the plaster to a separate piece of plasterboard beforehand so that you can master the technique. Place the plaster onto a hawk board with the trowel. Then, use the float to push the material from the hawk and onto the wall. “Spread this plaster firmly upwards and flatten the float down at the end of each sweep. Always apply the plaster from the bottom left hand corner and move upwards. Be sure to fill a whole section from the bottom to the top before moving on to the next section.” The expert urged Britons to use small amounts of plaster and combine this with firm pressure on the float. He explained: “This will help you to achieve the smoothest finish and will help you to avoid excess plaster from coming off the wall. Repeat this step until the entire wall is covered in plaster.” Step 5: Skim and smooth After the first coat of plaster has been applied, wait for at least 20 minutes - this will give the plaster time to dry. Afterwards, get rid of all of the lumps and bumps by smoothing the wall with a trowel. Smooth out all of the corners with the corner trowel. READ MORE: ‘Essential’ painting step for the ‘most professional’ looking wall Also, smooth out the top and bottom of the wall. Thomas noted that these are the “most difficult areas” to plaster properly so it’s important you use the appropriate tools to even all of the edges out. Step 6: Scrape The DIY pro said: “In order to get a professional finish, you’ll want to scrape the wall before applying the second coat of plaster. Use a devilling float which is a specific tool for scraping. “If you don’t have this tool, you can also scrape with a kitchen fork, however, the results may not be as good. Scraping helps to ensure the second coat sticks properly.” Step 7: Add the second coat The next step is to apply the second coat of plaster to the wall using the same method as explained above. However, Thomas shared that the plaster mixture for the second coat should be thinner in consistency, so you’ll need to dilute your plaster mixture with some additional water. Plaster a thin layer onto the wall and then leave it to dry slightly. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Step 8: Adding the finishing touches Once the plaster has dried slightly, you can then polish the work. Add some water to a spray bottle and then spritz the wall with some water. Again, make sure the edges of the plaster are smooth by using the trowel to smoothen the surface using inward strokes. Thomas instructed: “Finish the wall off by using a clean float over the entire surface of the wall. This will help to ensure that any curves are flattened out and will help to remove and avoid any bumps.” When the plaster is completely dry, use sandpaper to remove any excess material and finish off the smooth look. Once complete, your walls are now ready to be painted or wallpapered as required.