On Thursday's instalment of BBC Breakfast, Carol Kirkwood warned viewers about another few wet days to come. However, Naga Munchetty was quick to expose the meteorologist's clothing hack to BBC viewers as she encouraged Carol to "wear yellow". Naga commented on how nice Carol looked, wearing a fitted teal blue wrap dress to present the weather news. The broadcaster then picked up on an unusual coincidence about her appearance which she shared with viewers. Naga said: “Carol, you match the map, I'm looking forward to the day when you wear yellow and match the map.” “Me too, me too, Naga. Bring on the summer,” Carol quipped as she revealed how miserable the forecast was. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star It is not the first time Carol has "matched" the map behind her on BBC Breakfast. Last week Naga spotted the 60-year-old donning a "frosty" ensemble during a weather update about an icy spell across the UK. Naga addressed Carol's attire later on in the show, telling her: "You know what you have done there Carol, which is great? "As I was saying earlier it was a shame the map is the colour it is and we were both saying we wanted a little bit more warmth."  However, as Carol predicted the weather would be improving soon, Naga said: "Looking that far ahead does give you a little bit of hope, doesn't it? It's been too cold for too long for me. Carol replied: "It has been cold, it's been bitter in some parts of the country but the temperatures this week, Naga, have been so up and down. "Not in a way you would normally expect as it has been much milder in the north than it has been in the south for a lot of this week. "So you are quite right, they are changing again and things are levelling out to being back where they should be." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast’s Carol Kirkwood insists ‘I’m not a sex symbol’ [UPDATE]Naga Munchetty labels Carol Kirkwood 'frosty' after feud rumour [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood addresses her 'most embarrassing' gaffe [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast viewers were complimentary of Carol's blue dress and shared their thoughts about it on Twitter. Jayne penned: "Really love @carolkirkwood's dress this morning! Very stylish. Does anyone know where it is from?" Donal added: "Morning Carol Kirkwood, lovely dress, looking so beautiful. Love ya." (sic) Arcticfox shared: "Loving 'Things are levelling out'... Weather-wise, it's been cold down south, the tables have turned #CarolKirkwood."  Carol is the longest-serving member of the BBC Breakfast team, having appeared on the show since 1997. She often shares weather maps on Twitter to keep her thousands of followers up to date with the forecast. On Thursday morning, she shared a picture of the chilly temperatures hitting the UK, with fans thanking her for the update before they headed outside. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One between 6am and 9am. 