Mum-of-two Chantel, who runs TikTok and Instagram cleaning and lifestyle accounts @mama_mila_, says she can relate to anyone who dislikes cleaning their oven racks. The tedious chore often requires long periods of scrubbing to try and remove burnt-on grease and grime. However, Chantel believes she has found a solution which will save on elbow grease and leave you plenty of time to get on with other jobs. In a video posted for her audience of 1.5M followers, she said: "If you're anything like me and hate cleaning oven racks, this trick will save you so much scrubbing." Her handy tip moves the oven racks out of the kitchen and into the bathroom. She explained: "Lay an old towel down on the base of your bathtub and soak your oven racks in hot water." The towel will protect the bottom of your bathtub from any scratches or scraps, and should also reduce staining in the tub. Make sure to fill the bathtub up enough so that the entirety of the racks are submerged. READ MORE: Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray "You can also use a large laundry sink if you have one," added Chantel. She continued: "Add one scoop of laundry power and leave it overnight." While it may seem unusual to use laundry powder to clean your oven racks, a gentle non-bio powder should do the trick safely. The key is to make sure you rinse the racks thoroughly before returning them to your oven. "In the morning the burnt-on mess flakes off with a wipe and you're left with shining oven racks," added Chantel. The laundry powder hack has also been previously recommended by fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch. Cleaning fans have set up Facebook groups, where they share tips and tricks for common chores. DON'T MISS‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens [EXPLAINER£1 kitchen item decorators swear by to avoid ‘bitty’ walls [COMMENT]Britons should be washing bedding 'at least' once a week [INSIGHT] On one such group with more than 80,000 members, Facebook user Brian Loynton asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Could anyone help me with tips for cleaning ovens, especially the oven racks? Thanks.” The post was inundated with over 50 comments from fellow fans, many of whom also recommended using a box of washing powder. Nerissa Rosevear replied: “I put mine in the laundry tub with a couple of scoops of laundry powder and very hot water to cover them. "Let them soak for an hour or so then wipe over. This works brilliantly. They shine up like a diamond." [SIC] Alternatively, if you prefer not to use laundry powder, eco-friendly cleaning influencer Kate, who posts under the username @my_plastic_free_home on TikTok and Instagram, recommends using tin foil to aid with scrubbing. She said: "You want to take the shelves and soak them overnight, or for as long as you can, in hot soapy water. Then get that scrunched-up foil again and the dirt easily glides off. "This is my favourite part of cleaning the shelves because it is so satisfying. Look at that before and after. There you have it, a perfectly clean oven."