Earlier this week, Austin Butler won the Best Drama Actor award at the Golden Globes for his incredible performance as Elvis Presley in last year’s biopic. The 31-year-old, who could go on to win the Oscar too, told the audience in his acceptance speech: “Oh man, all my words are leaving me! I just am so grateful right now, I'm in this room full of my heroes." He said directly to Lisa Marie Presley and her mother Priscilla Presley, who were on the verge of tears: "Thank you for opening your hearts, your memories, your home to me. Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever… Lastly, Elvis Presley, himself, you were an icon and a rebel. And I love you so much." The King’s daughter has been far from shy in her praise of Butler’s performance. After first seeing Baz’s Elvis biopic, Lisa Marie shared on social media: “Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)” After the film released last summer, the 54-year-old attended a special Graceland premiere admitting that he was the actor who had finally got her father right. Following the Graceland premiere, Lisa Marie sat with Butler in the Memphis mansion’s Jungle Room, praising him for helping make her happy for the first time since her son Benjamin Keough’s death at just 27 in 2020. Sharing snaps of a touching moment with the Elvis actor, she wrote on her Instagram at the time: “I do believe that this may be my first smile in 2 years.” In an ABC News special, Lisa Marie said: “I feel so protective of him, he’s such a sweetheart. It’s almost as if he channelled him. He put everything he had, his heart, soul…everything he had into researching, reading, watching and learning. He honoured him in every way possible that you could possibly honour him.” READ MORE: Elvis – How Lisa Marie took blame for 'terrified' pal in front of King Butler was also captured saying in the documentary: “I mean looking at your dad, you just watch him on stage and you go, how are you doing that? It’s so remarkable. And it’s hard not to feel like you’re so small in comparison and that you’re not enough. For me, all those things that I could then find that clicked into his spirit, that then became the thing that carried me through.” As it stands, the Elvis actor is 7-2 to win Best Actor at the Oscars, behind Brendan Fraser for The Whale at 8-11.