Prince Harry should understand that revealing that his niece Princess Charlotte cried when trying on a bridesmaid dress could result in her being teased, a royal expert has claimed. In his memoir 'Spare', the Duke of Sussex alleged a heated exchange between Meghan Markle and his sister-in-law, the Princess of Wales, took place over Princess Charlotte's bridesmaid dress in the run-up to the Sussexes' 2018 wedding.  According to the book, all the bridesmaid dresses for Charlotte and the other young bridesmaids were hand-sewn based on measurements and it was not a surprise when they did not fit. The Duke said that Kate told Meghan that the dress was "too big, too long and too baggy" and that the little royal "cried when she tried it on". Kate added that, as a result, the dresses needed to be remade. Meghan is said to have responded that she was dealing with the fallout of her father, Thomas, deciding not to attend her wedding.  Kate is alleged to have acknowledged that, saying that she was "well aware" but that the wedding was in only four days. According to Duke, following an argument, Kate agreed to take the dress to a tailor but Meghan was left crying after the row, although Kate supposedly did apologise later. Speaking to The Daily Mirror, royal writer and editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine Ingrid Seward said that the fact that the Duke was "at odds" with his dislike of private conversations being leaked. She said: "Prince Harry’s dislike of personal conversations being repeated or ‘leaked’ as he calls it, is at odds with the content of his biography Spare.  READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila "Take one instance when Harry describes the row over the bridesmaids' dresses; ‘Charlotte cried when she tried her dress on’. "He writes 'Kate complained Charlotte’s dress is too big, too long, too baggy.’ "Looking at the photographs Kate was certainly correct, none of the couture bridesmaids' frocks fitted properly, especially Charlotte’s which was all over the place. "Wedding tensions and the ensuing disagreement with Kate were blamed for him eventually finding Meghan on the floor sobbing.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry shares dream for Archie and Lili after royal row [REVEAL]Harry revealed Taliban kills 'for own healing' in new interview [INSIGHT] William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [SPOTLIGHT]  "How sad a bridesmaid dress made her cry when her father had suffered a heart attack, but it is always the little things that affect you in times of extreme stress. "Harry’s willingness to repeat the two women’s text and verbal exchanges verbatim is at total odds with his insistence on privacy. His excuse is 'the truth needs to be there'. "Oh Harry, if only you had checked all your versions of the truth before you wrote your book, you might not be so confused. "You are not doing yourself, your wife or your lawyers who are trying to sort out your many litigious dealings, any favours. "Princess Charlotte is your niece. She is almost eight and old enough to be teased by her fellow pupils at school for crying because her couture dress didn’t fit her. "Harry of all people should understand that." 