Eighty-one-year-old Martha Stewart recently posted a set of selfies that has fans aghast over her incredibly smooth complexion. The businesswoman, who famously served five months in federal prison, posted the selfie to her 1.7M followers. Not everyone took the millionaire at her word, however, one wrote: "Absolutely no re-imaging, come on, please. Please be truthful honest and real." Soon after Martha followed the post up with another featuring three more selfies, in what seems like a backlash against negative comments. She wrote: "These are the other three selfies I took. My expression was better in the first one but my skin looks great in all of them. Unfiltered. No facelift." The mogul even took the opportunity to shout out her favourite skin experts. She wrote: "Great derms my whole life. Currently Dr. Daniel Belkin and Dr. Dhaval Bhanusali." She added that she follows a "Geat diet, great exercise and did I mention amazing facials @mariobadescu for the last forty years!" Nevertheless, some were still skeptical. One commenter wrote: "You look amazing but be honest about your facial regimen. Using Botox, fillers, laser treatments, etc. to help enhance your beauty it’s not just diet, exercise, and facials." READ MORE: Woman, 40, who 'looks in her 20s' on ageing hair mistake causing more damage than bleach "Martha you do look great, but you have to admit that you did have some surgery," another said, while one wrote, "Maybe no facelift but definitely Botox and fillers." Martha certainly does look amazing for her age. So how exactly does she do it? Well, the business icon has shared her beauty regimen in detail, and it starts at 5 am. Use a morning mask On her website, Martha stated that the first thing she does for her face in the morning is apply a face mask, which she leaves for 30 minutes before taking a shower and removing it. Then she uses various different creams and serums and never forgets to apply sunscreen, putting it on just before she goes out. The businesswoman told fans that she opts for one of three facemasks each morning. She either chooses the Yon-Ka Gommage Yon-Ka, which exfoliates and energises skin, the Mario Badescu Super Collagen Mask or the Susan Ciminelli Hydrating Gel Mask. DON'T MISSI tried popular Gua Sha skincare routine to smooth lines [REVIEW] Woman, 72, who 'barely looks 40' uses 'quirky' hack [ANTI-AGING] 'Anti-ageing' face routine for smooth forehead 'will surprise you' [HOW TO] Eat the right things Martha drinks lemon water as soon as she gets up, sipping on it all day, and has a green juice daily to help boost her health. She told Harper's Bazaar: "My green juice is really special to me. I think it's the secret of good skin, it's the secret of good, healthy hair." In it, she puts cucumbers, parsley, mint, ginger, orange, celery, and pineapple. As well as eating her famous healthy home-cooked recipes, Martha likes to spend a lot of time outdoors riding her horses. The millionaire wrote on her website: "I love practicing yoga to keep my muscles long, limber, and flexible and I also work out at least three times a week with my trainer, Mary Tedesco, who shows up bright and early at the farm." Always take your makeup off Martha always takes her makeup off before she goes to bed, she told friend and makeup artist Gucci Westman in a YouTube video. She takes her makeup off with a popular bathroom cabinet product, baby oil. She said: "You'll think I'm so stupid but, if I have a lot of makeup on like from a TV show or something, I use baby oil. Whatever kind comes in the little jar. I also like simple things like Mario Badescu. I've been going to them since Mr. Badescu himself was alive."