According to Loop, 80 percent of gas used in UK households goes towards heating – this amounts to around £1,000 a year at current gas prices. The remaining 20 percent goes towards hot water and cooking. Loop has urged households not to compromise on heating their homes this winter by getting smarter with their energy use, using their expert tips. Steve Buckley, Head of Data Science at Loop said: “Many are feeling the pressure to cut costs this winter but keeping yourself and your home warm is essential for your health and wellbeing. “Figuring out how to get this balance right can feel overwhelming, particularly when temperatures have dropped, and homes are feeling chillier than usual. But there are changes you can make to the way you heat your home that will save on your gas use – and costs – without you noticing a difference. “These changes come down to understanding how you use gas in your home and identifying where you can make this more efficient and cost-effective.” In order to save money, sometimes it has to be spent first. These solutions tend to be more expensive, but households will generally save money on their heating bills at a much higher rate. Steve noted that insulation is a must for homes looking to save money on heating bills in order to make a “big difference”. READ MORE: Five ‘effective’ tips to keep your home ‘warmer for longer’ for less He said: “UK homes are notoriously poorly insulated but there are two key ways to improve a home’s heating; loft insulation and cavity wall insulation. “These can be costly and difficult, but these forms of insulation pay themselves back the quickest and can make the biggest difference to the warmth of your home.” According to AXA home insurance, poor roof and loft insulation can result in 40 percent heat loss, but how households rectify this will depend on whether they have a sloping roof, flat roof or dormer roof (where something like a window protrudes from a sloping roof), and whether any loft insulation is already in place. As a “rule”, rock wool or another fibreglass insulation with a depth of 270mm will be more energy efficient to the tune of £350 per year for a detached house than having no insulation, and cost around £395 to install. But remember to leave a gap below your water tank to help prevent freezing in a cold loft. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with [TIPS]‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows [COMMENT] The pros explained: “If you don’t have a loft, sloping roofs can be insulated using polyurethane spray foams. Because it's applied as a spray, polyurethane spray foams are also excellent for a dormer roof, although wool or fibreglass insulation can be cut to size and used instead. Whatever you’re fitting, remember to avoid gaps for a warm loft.” Wall insulation can also save money and maximise energy efficiency. The type Britons need to choose will depend on whether they have a cavity or solid wall. The experts said: “Cavity walls are much cheaper to insulate, and insulating will save you up to £250 per year, whereas solid wall insulation saves up to £460 per year for a much larger outlay; upwards of £4,000 for thermally efficient expanded polystyrene (EPS) boards or plasterboard.” For those looking for cheaper ways to save on their heating bills, they can drought-proof their home. Steve said: “Draughts are a waste of gas, and most come from windows, doors and unused chimneys. READ MORE: ‘Most common’ energy myths to ‘ignore’ if you want to save money “Use draught proofing tape to seal those spaces, use chimney balloons to block unused chimneys, try thick curtains and keep internal doors closed to avoid hot air escaping. But it’s important to make sure your house is still ventilated where it needs to be, so don’t block areas like window vents, kitchens or bathrooms.” On average, draught-proofing saves £10 to £50 per year on heating bills, and because draught-free homes are cosy at lower temperatures in winter, households could save an additional 10 percent on their heating bills on top of that figure, according to the insurance company. Aside from insulation, households need to adjust their radiators if they want to save money on heating bills - particularly when it comes to thermal radiator valves. Steve said: “Some radiators have rotating dials called TRVs, which give you more control over your heating in a room, but many don’t understand how to use them. “TRVs should be set to the temperature you’d like a room to be, and the dial can then control the amount of hot water that flows into your radiators – if your room heats to the desired temperature, the TRVs will stop water flowing into the radiator, preserving gas. “You can set these to the right temperature in different rooms – living areas should be at the highest heat, then bedrooms, with temperatures kept lower in spare rooms.” As well as controlling the temperature of radiators, the boiler flow temperature should also be lowered. The temperature of the water that leaves your boiler to go to your radiators is called the boiler's flow temperature The energy expert said: “If it’s set too high the boiler will run inefficiently – correcting it can save between eight to 12 percent on gas bills.”