Manchester United winger Alejandro Garnacho has been told he should consider firing his agent after reaching an impasse on his new contract at Old Trafford. The Red Devils have been attempting to tie down the Argentine to a new deal as his current one expires in 18 months, but two aspects of the latest offer have not sat well with the player’s camp. The Mirror have claimed that United have offered the 18-year-old an eight-year contract, which would be the longest contract offer in the history of the club. Garnacho’s family and close advisors, however, are wary of accepting such a long deal and are reluctant to accept an offer of more than four years. There has also been a snag regarding his wages, while interest has come from the likes of Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are also regretting letting him leave in 2020 for just £420,000. Former United midfielder Paul Parker has questioned whether Garnacho’s representatives are doing right by him though and asked the youngster to consider firing them. "I don't understand why he wants to leave the biggest club in the world,” Parker told wettbasis. “And why Juventus or Real Madrid? Juventus are in a really bad situation at the moment so he would get there to be on the bench in a bad team. And Real Madrid, of course it's a big club, but he would play there even less than at Man United. “So these rumours make absolutely no sense and I don't think they are true. I believe the agent is trying to pressure Man United to give Garnacho a big deal so the agent can line their pockets with big bucks. “That's how agents work these days and Garnacho should consider firing him for not trying to help Garnacho. Actually, I don't understand why players want agents. The only thing they do is create drama and take some footballers’ hard-earned money.” DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Several players have taken the suggestion and not used agents in order to negotiate for them, as Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne hired data analytics company Analytics FC to renegotiate his salary based on a data-driven argument. Garnacho, however, is represented by his agent Eugenio Ascari and will have to deal with him in talks over a new contract. Garnacho has enjoyed a breakthrough season under Erik ten Hag and has become one of the first options off the bench, ahead of the likes of Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho. The teenager has made 17 appearances for the first team in all competitions, as he will look to be rewarded with a new contract for his improved contribution to the club.