David Haye affirms that Anthony Joshua must make quick work of his proposed next opponent, Jermaine Franklin. Haye believes AJ has all the physical advantages over the American and should stop him within the opening four rounds. If he doesn’t then the British boxing icon will be sure that ‘something is wrong’ with Joshua. “He should beat Jermaine Franklin. It was a good fight he gave Dillian Whyte, so he’s shown he has some skills, he’s shown he’s got a nice jab and some good head movement,” Haye told Pro Boxing Fans. “But if AJ can’t blast him out of there in three or four rounds, then he’s doing something wrong. He’s so much bigger and stronger, so much more athletic and punches so much harder – and he’s an Olympic gold medallist.” “So, he’s got everything in his favour, he just needs to go out there and let his hands go. If he goes out there and tries to have a boxing match with him then he will have a hard time because the guy is quite a tricky little boxer.” Joshua and Franklin have reportedly agreed terms for a fight on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London. Express Sport understands that Franklin will receive a career-best payday with a guaranteed purse of around £800,000, plus a split of the PPV points. Sources say that this could boost the 989 Assassin’s fight earnings to somewhere in the region of £2m. Franklin, who lost a razor-close majority decision to Dillian Whyte in November, pipped potential opponents Otto Wallin and Demsey McKean to the blockbuster showdown after impressing against the Brit. MORE BOXING NEWS... McGregor breaks silence after being accused of attacking woman on boat Benn drugs testing investigation hits snag as Brit maintains innocence Eubank Jr trainer Jones Jr backs 'illegal elbow' theory after Smith KO McKean had been considered the frontrunner for a short period of time but claims he missed out on the opportunity because of his southpaw stance. “The only thing is it’s started to fizzle out a little bit [given] the whole southpaw thing,” he told Boxing Social. “The story of my life, nothing I’m not used to. He doesn’t want to fight a southpaw coming off a couple losses to a southpaw – which is devastating. “It’s quite sad these guys don’t like to fight certain fighters due to their stance. The Dillian Whyte fight – he pulled out and didn’t want to follow through with the contract due to me being a southpaw. It definitely wouldn’t be happening in the old days, mate, that’s for sure. Times have changed.”