This is the moment a police robot smoked out a suspected gunman hiding in a drainage ditch before armed police swooped in to make an arrest. The man had allegedly opened fire on golfers playing on the fourth hole of a course before stealing their cart in an effort to evade a police pursuit. His escape route took him to a large drainage hole where he was penned in. Officers then deployed a robot equipped with a smoke grenade to the large hole. In a one-minute clip, the robot is seen firing the grenade inside, flushing out the suspect from his hiding space. After he darts out, he then hits the ground and begins writhing around after a waiting SWAT team appeared to use a taser. Holding assault rifles, a team of four then arrests the suspect. The bizarre stand-off took place in South Dallas, where at around 10am officers spotted a vehicle with stolen plates in the area of North St. Augustine. The car stopped after it crashed near a golf course in the Bruton and Jim Miller Road area. A golfer named Ty Martinez told FOX 4 a man then approached players on the fourth hole. The golfers then apparently offered the man a ride in their cart. READ MORE: Texas father-of-two shot in the head execution-style over $500 bill near the golf course. Ty Martinez  "At some point in the transaction they ended up getting shot at by the gentleman, the gentleman stole the golf cart, and he tried to flee to the front entrance," Martinez alleged. Officers shared none of the men were hit by gunfire from the suspect. The 31-year-old suspect was taken to the hospital as a precaution following his arrest. It comes after the San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted to allow its police department to use robots to kill suspected criminals, years after Dallas officers used a bot with explosives to end a standoff. In 2016, a sniper had killed five police officers over nearly three hours, leading to the cops to outfit a Remotec Androx Mark V A-1 with C4. Dallas Police Chief David Brown said at the time: “We saw no other option but to use our bomb robot and place a device on its extension for it to detonate where the suspect was.”