Police officers have been caught on video appearing to knock a football fan unconscious in a car park. The incident occurred after Manchester United beat Charlton 3-0 on Tuesday night where one fan said policing around the game was "horrendous". Footage posted on social media seems to show the Charlton fan being shoved by one officer who proceeds to walk away. The man is left lying face down on the floor next to a wet puddle when another man is heard asking: "He's knocked out, isn't he?" The man is left on the floor as another if restrained and taken away by the three officers. One man who saw the incident, James, said it was "out of the blue" after the match. He said Charlton fans were "behaving well" aside from a "few small disturbances". James, who didn't want to share his surname, added: "But the fella who got pushed by the police officer wasn't really doing anything to deserve that force used on him. "[It] happened in the stadium car park where all the Charlton coaches were parked." The witness said officers didn't check if the man was ok but just left him. "He was just left there. He could still be there now, who knows? "The officer didn't even bother to check his welfare and if he's injured, just walked off with two other officers," he added. Speaking on the policing surrounding the game, James criticised the treatment of fans. He said: "The treatment was poor the whole night. I saw one guy who…just stopped to put his wallet away and an officer screamed at him to move on or he will be nicked. "Treatment was horrendous." READ MORE:Man and woman arrested in connection with murder of Elle Edwards A second witness, Lee said the man "appeared to take a punch to the back of the head" whilst lying on the floor. Lee, who watched the incident from a coach home said: "We saw a guy who appeared to have his hands in cuffs behind his back running off from police who were in chase. "He was caught further into the car park and once they had got him wrestled on the floor, he was then man handled and appeared to take a punch to the back of the head while on the floor." He added that the man on the floor "did not get up for some time" and "not one officer checked on him" but a few Charlton fans came to his aid. "Eventually, they got him sitting up on the floor where he stayed for a few minutes," Lee said. Superintendent of Operations, Danny O’Neill, of Greater Manchester Police said: “GMP have been made aware of a video circulating on social media of actions taken by our officers during the MUFC vs Charlton fixture, on the evening of Tuesday 10 January 2023. “After being made aware of this video, our Professional Standards Branch have reviewed it along with the body worn footage from officers in the vicinity, which provides much wider context to the incident. “On review of all the footage we are satisfied that there is no indication that the actions of the officers amount to misconduct. “All of our officers are highly trained and are committed to ensuring the safety of members of the public when undergoing their daily, allocated duties.” 