Motoring experts from LeaseCar.uk and LeaseElectricCar.co.uk have put together a number of checks drivers should make to ensure their car passes the test. The annual MOT is a big worry for drivers, as many fail on minor faults that they didn’t think to check before sending the car off to the garage. Faulty number plate lights and having no washer fluid for the windscreen are among the different reasons why MOT test centres fail drivers. A spokesman from LeaseCar.uk said: “We are approaching peak MOT season when traditionally the most MOTs are carried out. “The time of the year when an MOT is due is one of the most nerve-wracking moments for drivers. “It’s extremely important to carry out unusual checks such as removing an air freshener and checking reversing lights, to make sure everything is in top form. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'unfair' parking fines as 'another reason not to buy EVs' “We wanted to offer these useful tips to help drivers make these checks, which they may not have thought of before sending the car off for inspection.” Drivers need to check for all the minor details to get their car to pass an MOT and one of them is noticeable cracks on the number plate. One crack covering a letter on the plate can be the break or make between a pass and a fail. DON'T MISS Drivers could see changes to car ownership with new schemes [REVEAL] Common money-saving car insurance myths busted [INSIGHT] Government could seek to 'cash in' from electric car sales [WARNING] Added in 2018, vehicles used from September 2009 must have working reversing lights otherwise it will lead to a failed MOT. Some road users are unaware of this new rule change, so drivers should make sure to test the bulbs. A strong smell of petrol and a cap which won’t seal means it’s likely that the fuel cap is worn out. READ MORE: Electric car charging can be more expensive than petrol and diesel Drivers should check the condition of their fuel cap when filling up the car. Over time it’s common for seat belts to become frayed, but it becomes an extremely dangerous problem once the condition worsens. If they aren’t clicking in or they come out once pulled hard, then a failure is imminent. One of the most unthought-of checks to make before an MOT is checking the amount of screenwash in the car.  It’s an easy failure, but there’s also a simple solution to the problem. Motorists should simply purchase a ready-to-use screenwash and fill up the fluid bottle. It’s a legal requirement to have fully functioning licence plate lights, so police, other road users and speed cameras can easily identify a car. Drivers should double-check this issue even before an MOT is due, as it can lead to a fixed penalty fine. 