Jennifer Laura is a DIY expert and interior designer. Then mum-of-two has amassed a large online following, with a huge 408.4K followers on her TikTok account @jenniferlauraliving. She also posts regularly to her Instagram account, where she has 51.6K followers, sharing her journey of redesigning her home on a budget. Jennifer took to her TikTok account to share five things she would never do as an interior designer. You might recognise a number of them in your own home. The first is a specific kind of sofa with a certain feature. "Number one," Jennifer said, "I would never buy overstuffed, generic furniture and if it has a cupholder, it's even worse." She also told TikTokers she would never decorate her home with art featuring words. She said: "I would never use any type of word art, such as 'Live, Laugh, Love'." READ MORE: 'Great buy': Mum shares £1 hack to eradicate damp in the home for up to 4 months at a time Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In a similar decorative preference, Jennifer said: "You will not catch me karate chopping my pillows." She referenced a decorating trend to karate chop pillows and cushions to allow them to stand up. Jennifer said: "This is not the look. Let your pillows live, let your pillow breathe. They don't want to be chopped." She went on: "Number four, yes shiplap I'm coming for you. Unless you are in a beach house a lake house or maybe an actual real-life farmhouse, just don't." Shiplap is a type of wooden board often used on buildings such as barns and sheds. It gives a rustic feel, but Jennifer is not a fan. DON'T MISSGenius paint trick to make kitchen look 'larger and brighter' [DECOR] Common paint colour ‘not a good look’ when trying to sell your home [WARNING] Why you should seriously consider adding wood panelling to rooms [EXPERT]  Lastly, though, the interior designer told her followers that her thoughts on home decor shouldn't dictate their choices. She said: "Number five, I'd never listen to other people's opinions about my home. If you really love something, go for it. It's your house." Jennifer's fans shared their thoughts on her advice, a number agreeing with her. One wrote: "Totally agree with the chopped pillows." "Finally someone said something about the pillows," another said. One said they loved Jennifer's pet hates, with one writing: "I would shiplap my whole house and I love it." One said, "Me watching this while sitting on my overstuffed leather sectional with cup holders," and another said, "I won’t buy a couch without cup holders." One said: "Interior Design is a personal preference. There are no rules…" Another wrote: "This is exactly why I got rid of my personal designer when we built, she wanted everything she liked in my house." Experts at home design platform Houzz.co.uk predicted the following big trends. 