A teenager has shared his hope that he will be able to carry out his dad's dying wish by beating Top Gear's The Stig in a race. Nearly 10 years ago, George Kavanagh lost his dad, Greg, to lung cancer. However, now he plans to carry on his father's legacy by racing one of television's most famous drivers.  According to GrimsbyLive, when the show was filming in the area in the early 2010s Greg approached the show to ask if he could take on The Stig in his 1992 Ford Sierra. Producers had agreed to take Greg up on the challenge, but when they got in contact about filming the race, his health had declined and he was unable to follow through on his wish. Now, having saved enough to buy his own Sierra, George is hoping to do what his dad never got the chance to and beat The Stig. He said: "It'll be 10 years in March since we lost my dad to lung cancer. He was diagnosed in 2011, but went rapidly down hill sadly and passed away in 2013. Before his illness though, he had a dream to race The Stig on Top Gear.   "When the old show was filming in the area, he had approached the producers and told them he was the fastest taxi driver in Grimsby with the oldest taxi too. He told them about how he wanted to come on the show and beat The Stig in a race to prove his Sierra had what it takes." He added: "They told him they definitely wanted to do it, but that they couldn't until the next batch of filming." Sadly, when the crews returned to approach Greg to start filming, his health had deteriorated and he was unable to carry out the challenge.  However, in honour of his dad, George is now hoping he can beat The Stig in his very own Ford Sierra. He said: "I've always wanted to own my own version of my dad's car and just after Christmas I had enough money and one came along at the right price. "As far as I'm aware, it's the only one in Grimsby. Now I've got the car, I've contacted them and I'm hoping we can manage to do what my dad never could." Thinking about the prospect of taking on The Stig, George said: "It would be lovely to achieve another dream and I think I could do it if I set my mind to it." The loss of his dad is something that has massively affected George, but he makes sure to remain as positive as he can. "It never gets easier, you just have to get used to it. I always keep him in my thoughts and remember what we did together. I just hope I can do this for him now." 