Zara and Mike Tindall have shared a magical photo from their holiday in Queensland, Australia. Princess Anne's daugther looks lovingly at her husband who is laughing with joy in an image from the couple's walk in Byron Bay.  The former rugby star shared a series of images on Instagram, commenting: "Great way to start the day! Little walk with the crew before heading back to @magicmillions sales to watch the last of our syndicate go inter the hammer!! Lot 458 Pierata colt by Talented Miss @widdenstud #magicmillions". Magic Millions is a thorougbred auction house best known for its showcase Gold Coast Yearling Sale which takes place in January. In a series of images, Mike and Zara can be seen posing with friends while in a third photo the 44-year-old former outside centre poses next to a horse. The couple have been enjoying the Aussie sunshine on their holiday and attended the glitzy Magic Millions festival where they mingled with film star Chris Hemsworth.  Zara donned her riding boots on Tuesday ready for a Magic Millions beach gallop in Surfers Paradise. She looked in her element as she joined celebrities and VIPs on horseback, enjoying the stunning Gold Coast scenery. Mike has shared a number of holiday snaps, including one of the Tindalls admiring some of the horses due to race at a meet this weekend. In another photo, he and Zara can be seen smiling and proposing a toast towards the camera. Royal fans praised the latest images posted on Instagram with fellow user solentgurl commeding the couple for the way they have handled their public and private lives. READ ABOUT A POLICE CHIEF RAGING ABOUT PRINCE HARRY     They commented: "That looks lush! You both look so happy. Hooray for navigating public and private family life so intelligently and graciously while both doing the professional work that makes you content." Fellow Instagram user roonum13 said: "Such a beautiful view... Stay happy and blessed." And allison.donald.walker added: "You look like you're both having a fabulous 'media/tabloid free' holiday. Enjoy the rest of your holiday in sunny Australia." In 2012, Zara became the first Magic Millions Racing Women Ambassador. She now travels to Surfers Paradise in Queensland each year for the Gold Coast Yearling Sale. This sees horse lovers attend seven days of auctions which end in this weekend's major race meeting.  DON'T MISS: Harry’s memoir questioned as Air NZ debunk Thomas Markle flight claim [REVEALED] Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate [LATEST] Harry says his memory 'curates as it sees fit' in staggering admission [REPORT]    The week also involves showjumping and polo events which Zara has taken part in, according to MailOnline. This is the Tindalls' second trip down under with the pair travelling the world after Mike appeared in ITV's "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!" Mike and Zara attended the Adelaide 500 supercars racing event during that trip, before the couple returned to the UK to join the Royal Family for Christmas. They were pictured at the Together at Christmas carol concert at Westminster Abbey hosted by Kate, Princess of Wales.  The couple were spotted at Cheltenham Racecourse on New Year's Day and appear to have flown back into Australia shortly afterwards Zara and Mike have spoken about their fondness for Australia in several times in the past. They met at a bar in Sydney in 2003 after Mike was dropped from the England World Cup squad and Zara was enjoying a gap year. Marrying in 2011, the pair have three children, Mia Grace Tindall, Lucas Tindall and Lena Elizabeth Tindall. 