Lisa Marie Presley's public memorial took place Sunday at Graceland with her mother Priscilla Presley taking to the stage to leave a few words on behalf of one of her grandchildren. Lisa's daughter Riley Keough, 33, sat front row as her husband Ben Smith-Peterson took to the stage to share some words on his wife's behalf. During the service, which was held at Elvis' Graceland home in Memphis, Tennessee, Riley remembered her mother's enduring love and strength in a speech delivered by Ben. It began: "I'm eternally grateful to have spent 33 years with you. I'm certain I chose the best mother for me in this world... I remember everything. "I remember you giving me baths as a baby. I remember the way you would cuddle me ... and the way you smelled. "I remember all the notes you'd leave in my lunchbox every day. I remember the feeling I'd get when I'd see you picking me up from school ... READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' "I remember how it felt to be loved by the most loving mother I've ever known. "Thank you for showing me love is the only thing that matters in this life." Ben then shared all of Riley's "hopes" she has going forward in helping her to remember her late mother. He continued: "I hope I can love my daughter the way you loved me, the way you loved my brother and my sisters. "Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour, my manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. "I'm a product of your heart, my sisters are a product of your heart, my brother is a product of your heart. I hope you finally know how loved you were here. "Thank you for trying so hard for us. If I didn't tell you every day, thank you." This was the first time the gender of Riley's daughter had been confirmed, however, Ben did not include any specifics like her name. A rep for Keough confirmed to PEOPLE that the couple welcomed a baby girl in 2022. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's 'unwise' decision could 'ruin' King's Coronation [OPINION] Beyoncé leaves little to the imagination in gold number [PICS] Lisa Marie Presley's ex Michael 'to get full custody' of their twins [INSIGHT] Riley broke her silence since her mother's death last Friday with a throwback black and white picture of the pair on Instagram. The actress left a simple message to go along with the photo in her first public statement since her mother died, being just a heart emoji. Lisa died after suffering two cardiac arrests and was given CPR by her ex-husband Danny Keough before paramedics arrived. She is survived by her daughter Riley, mother Priscilla Presley and the 14-year-old twin daughters she shares with her ex-husband Michael Lockwood: Harper and Finley. Lisa Marie is being buried next to her son Benjamin Keough, who took his own life back in 2020 aged 27.  She said: "My mother is certainly an inspiration to me. I was raised by somebody who did their own thing and didn't really care what other people thought. "She was definitely inspirational to me." She also credited her mother for being "a very strong, smart woman."