Chatting about his new crafts show, Make It At Market, Dominic appeared on Morning Live to detail the concept of the new crafts programme. Presenters Kym Marsh and Gethin Jones also asked him about his role on The Repair Shop and revealed he initially wasn't supposed to feature on the BBC staple. Metalwork expert Dominic has become a recognisable face thanks to the popular Jay Blades series. He now has his own programme which will see him assisting those who want to turn their skill into a side business. Morning Live host Kym stated: "You're probably most recognisable for being an expert on The Repair Shop, aren't you? "But you, in the beginning, weren't meant to be on the show - is that correct?" READ MORE: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy "Okay, that is, yeah!" Dominic admitted, laughing, before he went on to explain how he landed the role. "Much like the craftspeople from Make It At Market, I went through their steps and quit my full-time job and started my own business doing set design, making props, designing and building props. "So you made the [Repair Shop] sign?!" Gethin asked excitedly. "I designed it, yeah," the BBC star confirmed to a shocked Gethin.  "Basically there is no show without Dom!" the presenter added. "That's where it all started," Dom smiled as Gethin asked: "So what, you took the sign in, they thought, 'We like a bit of that?'" Dominic added: "'He's handy, we'll have him,' basically yeah!" Dominic's new show, Make It At Market, will air on Wednesday afternoons. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice fans 'complain to Ofcom' over Ekin-Su's costume [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood taken aback as BBC co-star refuses to answer [VIDEO]EastEnders return for Robbie Jackson as fans spot telling clue [THEORY] Describing the new programme, he explained: "It's just a bunch of creative, talented people that have real jobs, whatever they may be. "And they also have this passion for craft, and they've all come to this beautiful building that we've set up in this place up where they can come and we set them little challenges. "And they can be teamed up with a mentor and with the mentor and myself, we help them progress so they can turn that craft and that skill into a full-time job." He added: "The show's amazing, it's a really inspiring show. "We get the chance to showcase crafts, glassblowing, blacksmiths, we had willow-weaving, jewellery-making, a huge array of crafts. "Heritage crafts are a particular love of mine so it was really lovely to get a chance to show them off." Morning Live airs on weekdays from 9.15am on BBC One, while Make It At Market will air on Wednesdays at 4.30pm on BBC One and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.