Chelsea are in talks with PSV Eindhoven over a potential deal to make Noni Madueke their fifth signing of the January transfer window, according to reports. The Blues have been one of the Premier League's busiest clubs in the mid-season market to date, with Joao Felix becoming their latest arrival on Wednesday to join Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana in moving to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is still believed to be keen on adding to Chelsea's squad over the coming weeks, though, with the American billionaire seemingly eager to spend more of his millions on strengthening Graham Potter's ranks before the end of the month. Madueke has been tentatively linked with the west Londoners for a number of months but is now the subject of concrete talks between Chelsea and PSV with a view to a move in the not-too-distant future, according to Sky Sports.It is said that discussions have been opened at club level but are yet to produce an agreement, with the potential transfer fee thought to be the biggest sticking point in negotiations as things stand. Chelsea also remain interested in bringing Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk to west London before the end of the January window, but his preference would be to join Arsenal and Boehly's decision to target Madueke suggests that a deal for the Ukraine international could be unlikely for the Blues.Madueke spent time in Tottenham's youth academy before joining PSV in 2018 and has since established himself as a hugely important member of their squad, with the recent departure of Cody Gakpo to Liverpool leaving him as their main man in the wide positions. The England youth international has scored 11 goals in 50 appearances for the Dutch heavyweights and remains tied down until the summer of 2025, although PSV could be willing to let him leave if the right offer is tabled over the coming days. JUST IN: Chelsea 'make decision on sacking Graham Potter' after Fulham loss PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy said earlier this week that he would like Madueke to stay but refused to rule out the possibility of cashing in on his signature if Chelsea can make it worth their while to sell up before the January window slams shut. He told De Telegraaf: "I know there is interest, this is due to its qualities and performance. It’s worrisome."We need to see if we can keep him, I very much hope for that. We must do everything we can to do that. You also know that things can take off, if the purse is pulled hard. Then you have to be ready with several options, because then you would lose the second player in the winter. But as a coach you would rather keep your best players." It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will eventually be able to strike a deal for Madueke, who is said to be one of several targets under consideration by the powers that be at Stamford Bridge for the remaining weeks of the January window. Blues manager Potter insisted earlier this week that further signings could take place before the market draws to a close, although he refused to be drawn into revealing any particular details when asked to shed light on his plans for the rest of the month."There’s time [for more signings]," said Potter. "Whether we’ll find the right players or not is another thing. You have to look in this window to make the right decisions, but it’s complicated. We’re happy with what we’ve done so far." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.