Chelsea have reportedly reopened talks for Argentina World Cup star Enzo Fernandez in a move that could hand ground to Arsenal in the race for Brighton star Moises Caicedo. The Blues had a bid for Fernandez rejected by Benfica earlier this window but they have reprised their attempts to sign the midfielder. The Stamford Bridge hierarchy angered Benfica boss Roger Schmidt with what he perceived to be a 'disrespectful' proposal for Fernandez. Benfica are unwilling to allow the 21-year-old to leave for any less than his £105m (€120m) release clause. Chelsea now believe they have a genuine chance to sign Fernandez before Tuesday's transfer deadline. Their previous offer was a heavily structured deal that included a much lower initial up-front fee. Fernandez apparently wants to join Chelsea, leaving the Premier League outfit with little stress in terms of negotiating personal terms. All they need is for Benfica to agree to selling the World Cup sensation just over six months after he joined from River Plate for a mere £10m. JUST IN: The 6 worst January deadline deals ever including Chelsea flop Torres According to the Daily Telegraph, Chelsea have re-entered talks with Benfica and are confident that a deal can be agreed. That is despite the west Londoners spending over £500m since the start of the season, of which £200m has been spent in January alone. Right-back Malo Gusto became the latest arrival at Chelsea on Sunday. However, the France U21 international will spend the remainder of the season back on loan at Ligue 1 club Lyon. Chelsea's latest pursuit of Fernandez could give Premier League rivals Arsenal the upper hand in the race to land Brighton's Caicedo. Both clubs have had bids turned down by the Ecuador international, who has publicly demanded to be sold by the Seagulls. DON'T MISS...Badiashile makes exciting Mudryk comment after training with UkrainianLiverpool could have signed Caicedo for £85m less than Arsenal may payChelsea have four players they could use in Moises Caicedo swap deal  Chelsea are believed to have made a £55m offer early last week, while the Gunners trumped that bid by £5m on Thursday. Brighton, who are in a healthy financial position after sanctioning several big-money departures in recent times, do not want to sell Caicedo during the January transfer window. “Moises is a good guy. We will see tomorrow and in the next days, what happens,” Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi said on Sunday. "We hope he stays with us for the rest of the season, but this is a question for the club and Moises. Moises is a good guy. In life you can make mistakes. We will see the best solution for the club, for him and for us." Caicedo has been told to stay away from Brighton’s training ground until Wednesday. By then, the transfer window will have closed the previous evening.