This time though it was Labour's leader making Sir Keir Starmer the case for change and even...hard to believe..private health providers in the bastion of establishment Toryism, the Sunday Telegraph. No wonder #Starmerout is trending on Twitter as an army of leftwing Corbynista keyboard warriors and other Labour members had a collective meltdown about the rightwing utterances of their party leader. This followed Starmer having what can only be described as a beating in Prime Minister's Questions last week when he took on Rishi Sunak on the NHS in the wekly exchanges. Normally the NHS is a safe win for even the most inept Labour leader. Amazingly, Mr Sunak accused Sir Keir of wanting to force a "top down reorganisation" which the NHS does not want. For those of us who sat through the exchanges during the David Cameron premiership remember only too well when Ed Miliband used those exact same words about the Tory/ Lib Dem coalition's NHS reform plans. So what is going on? How has politics turned on its head in a decade? While Labour and trade union activists were more vocal about their anguish towards their leader, there was also a high level of irritation that it was not a Conservative leader who was bringing forward reform ideas. Starmer had dared to say it is "plainly not true" that the NHS is, as its supporters almost always claim is "the envy of the world". Of course he is right. Nobody has ever copeid the NHS in any country. Starmer's analysis is that it is Conservative mismanagement and underfunding which has caused the problem but the criticism of the bureaucratic structure and failure of various reorganisations and reforms goes back decades. Some Conservative MPs think Sunak should have said the same. One backbencher said: "A lot of people said that only a Labour leader can reform the NHS and make those comments. "The truth is that if we had a Conservative leadership with the balls to do it we should be making that case ourselves." READ MORE: Keir Starmer skewered over U-turns on key leadership pledges But another Tory MP pointed out that the Conservative government wants change too, it's just that the Sunak government is "tinkering". So what are the policies? With Steve Barclay as Health Secretary, these centre around two things: 1. To tackle the problems of strikes crippling the nHS even more by passing anti-strike legislation or, as the Government puts it, "minimum service" legislation. 2. In his five point pledge Mr Sunak promised end waiting lists which have got out of control largely due to the impact of lockdown and the covid pandemic. But gone are the big sweeping changes such as the largely failed attempt to create a seven day NHS which ended up with a junior doctors strike. It may be that while they are 20 odd points behind Labour in the polls, the Tories and Mr Sunak just do not have the political capital to try anything bold. DON'T MISS A Brexit deal is born out of a British sitcom explains DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Blow for Sunak as poll shows uphill battle he faces with voters [REVEAL] POLL: Will you read Boris Johnson’s memoir? [REACT] What Starmer and his shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting are proposing is more far reaching. 1. A Labour government would make more use of the private sector to help clear waiting lists. (For those who have been taking notice of Reform UK's policies will know they floated this idea first). 2. Starmer wants to "lift the burden" on the NHS by considering allowing patients to self-refer to specialists for some conditions like back pain. 3. Labour would double the number of graduating doctors and district nurses, increase training placements for nurses and midwives, and gradually turn family doctors into direct employees of the health service. Not surprisingly, unions such as the British Medical Association (BMA) are not keen on these ideas and Labour members who generally are allergic to the idea of the private sector in the NHS (even though most dentists and GPs are private enterprises) are even more anguished. It feels like it may be the Conservatives who could be rolling out Labour's campaign slogan which has been in regular use since the 1970s - "last change to save the NHS". While that is unlikely the truth is that the nHS needs reform and the only party confident enough to offer that is the Labour Party. There is a great deal of sceptiscism though that either party can deliver reform. Starmer will face rebellions from his own party if he tried should win the nexxt election and may need Tory help to pass it. Sunak just cannot afford another political fight given that he is desperately holding on to stay as Tory leader with rebels and Boris Johnson supporters ready to pounce and strikes over pay already causing misery. Any serious NHS reform attempt will be met with strikes as Jeremy Hunt found out with the seven day NHS reforms. It is the hottest of political potatoes and one leaders are nervous about grasping.