Jessica Pietersen, who’s been pals with Michelle for more than 20 years, says: “The difference in Michelle now compared to before rehab is absolutely night and day. “To go through what she has and to do this show she’s always dreamt about doing, is the icing on the cake for her. “I think that she is very much a symbol of getting through some really tough times and facing some real adversity and coming back the other side stronger. All credit to her for doing that. “I’m just so happy and proud of her.” Mum-of-two Michelle spoke openly on Sunday night’s launch show about getting a second chance with the series – after having to turn down a previous offer due of her addiction struggles. Despite huge support from fans, the singer, 43, was left teary after being overcome with nerves during her first live performance. She told her dance partner Lukasz Rozycki, “I’m so sorry” after scoring bottom of the leaderboard with 19 points. The next day she told Twitter fans: “Last night was just everything. After glitch in the matrix and a tough position in the scoreboard, I am so grateful for the support you guys have given me and @IceLukasz.” Jessica, 42, a former Dancing on Ice finalist herself, says: “She is, without doubt, a fighter. That can only stand her in good stead for a new experience like Dancing on Ice. “If there’s anyone who will face up to a challenge and grab something by the scruff of the neck it will be Michelle.” Describing the months before starting rehab at the Priory clinic in April 2021, when Michelle was close to death, Jessica admits: “Over a fairly long period of time we were so worried about her. “We had conversations about trying to intervene but when someone is in active addiction they’re not ready to receive that type of stuff – and she wasn’t at first. “When she was ready, we were all like, ‘thank god’. It was such a huge relief to see someone we all love so much getting help.” Jessica, who’s married to cricketer Kevin Pietersen, also heaped praise on her bandmate for finding strength after being diagnosed with a mutated BRCA2 gene in 2012 which meant she had an 80 percent chance of developing breast cancer and a 30 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer. She underwent a double mastectomy and had breast reconstructive surgery. Jessica says: “I was in awe of her going through those things. “Just a few weeks after her double mastectomy we were doing the Big Reunion tour. I was just floored by the fact this woman had been through a major operation and was getting up on stage.”