NCIS: Los Angeles star Daniela Ruah has been proving as much of a star behind the camera as in front of it, directing episodes of the global hit police procedural. The 39-year-old creative, who plays Special Agent Kensi Blye in the show, will soon make a return to screens following a short absence as part of the CBS franchise’s historic crossover event - although getting there was far from plain sailing. The NCISverse crossover, which is set to air on CBS in the USA on January 9, will see Kensi team up with agents from the teams in NCIS and NCIS Hawaii. This means for the very first time, the likes of Alden Parker (Gary Cole), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) will be crimefighting together. And the promo for the event appears to have confirmed exactly who they’ll be up against in the form of a villain played by Yellowstone’s Dawn Olivieri. However, getting to this point in the show’s history was no seal feat, with Ruah branding it a logisitical “nightmare”. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with Ziva and Tony update “The thing is logistically, it’s kind of a nightmare for the producers of every show,” Ruah said of the crossover. She went on: “Because you have a set of characters that are coming to our show or whatever we’re doing, “But they have to maybe be on our show in the morning and then, for the regular NCIS, drive back to Santa Clarita to finish off the day up there. “The coordination of schedules was a big, big deal for the producers and kudos to them for making it work.” Despite the “nightmare” Ruah and the cast have faced, they’ve made no secret of their excitement to bring the event to life. In fact, Ruah was one of the first stars to give a peek into the crossover back in October when she shared an Instagram selfie with her new co-stars. Alongside the likes of Wilmer Valderrama, Eric Christian Olsen, Vanessa Lachey, Yasmine Al-Bustami, LL Cool J, Medalion Rahimi and Gerald McRaney, the crew posed for a snap on the set of the project. “This has been a beautiful experience!” Ruah penned to her 1.1million followers at the time. “Can’t wait for y’all to see what’s in store… love the NCISverse familia.” DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii bosses tease season 2 cast shake-upNCIS season 20: Palmer and Knight romance in jeopardy after crossoverNCIS LA’s Callen star confirms huge character’s absence from crossover Once the crossover event premieres, Ruah had the not-so-small task of directing also in the pipeline. She’s back on double duty for two episodes in this current season- the as yet unnamed 14th episode and the recently aired fifth instalment, Flesh and Blood. It was a deeply emotive episode which tackled the issue of domestic abuse and gave fans a further insight into Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) background in some very touching scenes. Throughout the season so far, fans have also taken a dive into Kensi’s tricky home life. With her and Deeks now fostering Rose (Natalia Del Riego) full-time, they’re struggling with the work-life balance. Plus, Deeks’ mother has arrived in town to lend a hand, although that poses more problems than it solves. But will Kensi and Deeks come out of the crossover unscathed and get their lives back on track? NCIS LA season 13 returns to CBS in the USA on January 9. A UK release date is yet to be announced.