Weeds can be killed in several different ways, but this often requires a lot of time and elbow grease, especially if the area is large in size. While many allow weeds to take over their driveways and patios, it is important to get rid of them as soon as they appear as they can compete with nearby plants for light and water. To help Britons, Gena Lorraine, gardening expert from Fantastic Services, has shared different ways to get rid of annoying weeds. The expert told Express.co.uk: “Boiling water is a very aggressive and effective method to get rid of weeds from hard-to-reach places. “This is simply because the hot water can destroy practically every plant, no matter how tough and meaty its leaves are. “This is why this solution is never used around regular plants because it would kill them in an instant too. “Using boiling water to kill weeds is easy, you just need to boil some water and pour it on the patio while aiming for the cracks where the weeds live.” READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach The gardening pro said Britons should notice the weeds turn “yellow” and will appear dead in a “few minutes”. Gena added: “The weeds won’t come out for some time now.” White vinegar can be used for a variety of jobs in the home including cleaning as well as killing weeds. According to the pro, this natural product contains lots of acids which makes it a great cleaner. When it comes to using this in the garden, gardeners should be careful with it around plants because it could instantly destroy them. Gena added: “But it’s perfect to keep your driveway or patio clean from weeds because we usually don’t grow any useful plants there. To treat the patio weeds with vinegar, you must dilute it with water. DON'T MISS:David Domoney shares ‘hardest working’ air-purifying houseplant [EXPERT]Method to load your dishwasher properly - avoid common ‘mistakes’ [EXPLAINER]Crops to sow and plant in January - ‘beautiful blooms’ by spring [COMMENT] “The best possible proportion here is one part vinegar and two parts water. The best possible proportion here is one part vinegar and two parts water. “Then just pour it over the cracks, aiming for the middle sections of the weeds.” The vinegar, combined with the sun, will dry the weeds out in just an hour. The gardening expert continued: “Vodka can kill practically everything, including your liver. This is why it’s perfect for keeping your patio clean from weeds, especially if the patio is exposed to the sun.” The mixture you will need to prepare includes 30ml of vodka, two cups of water and a few drops of liquid soap. For a more effective result, pour them directly into a spray bottle and shake it. READ MORE: I cleaned my bathroom grout without bleach - results Next, spray all of the weeds and cracks before leaving the sun to do its work for a good few hours before checking on them again. Gena added: “The only way this solution won’t work is if the place you spray it around has no exposure to the sun because the vodka may dehydrate the plant, but the sun is the one to dry them out.” Like white vinegar, baking soda is a great cleaner to use around the home, but it also has the ability to kill every plant which gets near it. While this may not be good for weeds appearing on the lawn, it is perfect to use for paved patios and driveways. The gardening expert explained: “All you need to do is sprinkle the baking soda on the patio and just sweep it into the cracks. The sodium, which is contained in the baking soda, will make sure that the atmosphere there is very unpleasant for all of the weeds.” To manage weeds on the lawn and in flower beds, lay mulch which will block sunlight from the weeds, inhibiting their growth. Mowing the lawn can also be a deterrent and cause the weeds to wilt and stop producing seeds, eliminating them in the process. Mowing the lawn is often not necessary in winter so if weeds do appear, the grass needs to be completely dry in order to mow the lawn.