The regional UK airline Flybe has ceased trading and all its flights have now been cancelled, the UK Civil Aviation Authority announced. The UK Civil Aviation Authority explained: “All Flybe flights have now been cancelled.  Please do not go to the airport as flights will not be operating. Flybe customers who still need to travel will need to make their own alternative travel arrangements via other airlines, rail or coach operators." The airline announced that all flights to and from the UK have been cancelled and will not be rescheduled. Flybe will not be able to arrange new or alternative flights for passengers who had already booked their tickets, the company said. Those passengers who booked their flights through a travel agent or an intermediary are advised to contact the booking agent. Paul Smith, from the UK Civil Aviation Authority, commented: “It is always sad to see an airline enter administration and we know that Flybe’s decision to stop trading will be distressing for all of its employees and customers. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Travelodge launches massive UK hotel sale  “We urge passengers planning to fly with this airline not to go to the airport as all Flybe flights are cancelled. For the latest advice, Flybe customers should visit the Civil Aviation Authority’s website or our Twitter feed for more information.” Flybe said on social media: “We are sad to announce that Flybe has been placed into administration. David Pike and Mike Pink of Interpath have been appointed administrators. Flybe has now ceased trading. All Flybe flights from and to the UK are cancelled and will not be rescheduled.” FlyBe was operating a total of 23 routes and had bases at Belfast City, Birmingham, East Midlands, Glasgow, Heathrow and Leeds Bradford. The airline had 530 scheduled flights per week including services to European cities Geneva and Amsterdam. The news comes after the airline resumed operations a few months ago following an earlier collapse. In March 2020, the carrier went into administration due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a total of 2,400 job losses were reported by the company. The company was purchased in April 2021 by Thyme Opco, which was later renamed Flybe Limited, and was linked to American hedge fund Cyrus Capital. Angry travellers reacted to the news on social media with @uriecstatic saying: "Literally just purchased luggage for our flight tonight, will everything be refunded??"  READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk Twitter user @KeoganAndrew commented: "Oh thanks for this, we only booked a return flight from London in October just yesterday afternoon…. I want my money back!" The Air Travel Organisers' Licence (ATOL) is a protection scheme, operated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) that covers passengers if their airline or travel operator collapses before, or whilst they're on holiday. This means passengers are able to claim their money back and be repatriated. However, for Flybe's passengers, their rights depend on whether their bookings have ATOL protection or not. If travellers booked their flights through a travel agent, the ATOL scheme applies in most cases.  If the airline goes bust before the passengers depart, they should contact the travel agent so they can book alternative flights. However, if passengers booked the flights directly with the airline, they may not be covered. The Civil Aviation Authority explained: "ATOL only comes into force if your travel operator stops trading. ATOL does not cover situations such as cancelled flights. "ATOL protected package holidays are covered by package holiday regulations, which would allow you to claim a refund if your flight was cancelled. "Any company selling an ATOL protected trip, should state that the package is ATOL protected and they will display the scheme's logo on their website or in their shop window."  