Jonathan Ross, 62, candidly spoke out about how he met and fell in love with his wife of over three decades, Jane Goldman. The BBC star candidly admitted in an unearthed interview that he initially acted as a “father figure” to Jane, as well as being a love interest. Jonathan and Jane met when he was 26 and she was just 16. At the time, Jane was starting out in her career as a showbiz reporter when she met the broadcaster. Back in 2015, Jonathan explained during an appearance on ITV’s Loose Women they got married two years after meeting but he acted as both husband and parent to Jane. He said: "When we first got together, she was very young. "I wasn't that old but I was considerably older and she came straight from home with her parents. “And I think the relationship carried on, I was sort of a parent figure as well as a husband," he explained to the panel." After marrying in 1988, the couple went on to have three children, Betty, Harvey Kiry and Honey Kinny. Jonathan recently revealed that his daughter Betty is in a wheelchair, as she continues to fight a long-term illness. The presenter’s daughter suffers from fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome and POTS syndrome. Speaking on Loose Women last month, the talk show host discussed how his eldest child is showing signs of improvement following her treatment. He spoke about how it had been a “tough couple of years" following Betty's diagnosis. The NHS describes fibromyalgia as “a long-term condition that causes pain all over the body”. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle [LATEST]Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [NEWS]Amanda Holden wows with braless display in skintight crop top [PICTURES] Jonathan also shared how his daughter struggles with depression and how she is now using an electric wheelchair. “She has fibromyalgia and she has chronic fatigue syndrome and POTS syndrome as well, which is where your heart rate shoots up,” he told Loose Women panellists Kaye Adams, Frankie Bridge, Dame Kelly Holmes and Denise Welch. Speaking about the way Betty’s illness had affected the family, he said: “She still can't walk very far. “We got her an electric wheelchair in the summer, so we can at least go out and go for walks with the dogs and that's lifted her spirits a lot. “Because that's the problem, if anyone out there who knows or who's got someone with a long-term illness, you know, it's the depression. "Being stuck indoors and not being able to join in with things because even stairs are a challenge to her. "So if we're going out we have to give her plenty of time to get ready, get downstairs and then have a rest before we go to the next step, you know." However, Jonathan added: “It does have an impact but the good news is she's definitely showing improvement and feeling better in herself. So we're relieved and we're happy with that.” The Masked Singer airs tonight on ITV at 7pm.