Barcelona forward Memphis Depay would want to keep his current salary at whoever he joins next, according to reports. Manchester United, along with Arsenal and Chelsea, have supposedly expressed interest in the Netherlands international. And with the January transfer window now open, it’ll be intriguing to see whether he makes a blockbuster return to the Premier League. Depay has revived his career since leaving Manchester United back in 2017, with the forward impressing at Lyon and Barcelona in recent years. Yet he’s struggled for game time at the Nou Camp so far this term, particularly after the arrivals of Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha back in the summer. Now, according to Sport, Depay is getting increasingly frustrated at his situation at Barcelona - with the forward restricted to just two La Liga appearances so far this term. Xavi’s side are open to letting the Netherlands international go, though only ‘through a transfer’ and if he’s willing to write off the remaining six months left on his contract. It’s claimed United, along with Arsenal and Chelsea, have ‘expressed an interest’ in bringing Depay back to the Premier League. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But while Depay is open to living, he wants to maintain his current salary. And with interested suitors appearing reluctant to match his wage demands, it means Barcelona may have to let their No 14 leave on loan instead. Out of all the teams being linked with the 28-year-old, it is United whose need is arguably greatest. Erik ten Hag is on the lookout for a new forward to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, who saw his Old Trafford contract terminated following an interview with Piers Morgan at the end of November. United have missed out on Cody Gakpo, with Depay’s compatriot leaving PSV Eindhoven for Liverpool instead. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And with Jadon Sancho training away from the first-team squad, and Antony blowing hot and cold, the Red Devils are desperately in need of more firepower. Depay has been linked with his former club for a number of months, now, with speculation first arising back in the summer. And though he previously toiled at Old Trafford, the chance to make amends could be too tough to turn down. Arsenal, however, can’t be ruled out with the Gunners looking for a temporary replacement for the injured Gabriel Jesus. Given they sit top of the Premier League table, seven points clear of Manchester City, may end up working in their favour. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Chelsea are hoping to land a new marksman this winter, having lost Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner back in the summer. Regarding Depay and United, meanwhile, he hit out at the Red Devils in 2021 and accused Louis van Gaal of failing to give him enough of a chance to prove his worth. "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong,” said the forward. “The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.”