But there will be no celebrations in Downing Street. Sunak may have survived but he has not flourished. His leadership remains dangerously vulnerable, his party deeply unpopular. Amid continuing economic malaise, the Tories now consistently languish at least 20 points behind Labour. Fearful of a landslide defeat and fatigued after almost 13 consecutive years in office, his MPs are in a sullen, fractious mood. The sense of crisis is exacerbated by the stench of sleaze that hangs over the Government. A relentless series of scandals, such as the epic fraud in the supply of protective equipment during the Covid pandemic, feeds the negative image of the Conservatives as driven by greed, insulated by wealth and devoid of integrity. Only yesterday, the Tory chairman Nadhim Zahawi was forced out of his post after a damning report into his tax affairs from Sir Laurie Magnus, Number 10’s new ethics adviser. Following explosive allegations that Zahawi had been required to pay a £1million fine to the tax authorities in addition to an outstanding £4.8million bill, Sir Laurie’s investigation found the party chairman was guilty “of a serious failure to meet” the standards required of Ministers. Despite the huge sums involved, Zahawi did not disclose the information about tax problems either when appointed to Sunak’s Cabinet in the autumn, or when Boris Johnson made him Chancellor in July. Just as incriminatingly, instead of being frank, Zahawi not only dismissed the rumours against him as “smears” but also threatened libel actions against journalists and lawyers who revealed the truth. His conduct was as disgraceful as his position was untenable. The Prime Minister was therefore right to sack him. But his critics argue that he took too long about it. As one senior Tory put it: “The PM is the only one with the right to hire and fire. He should have got on and done it.” Sunak’s defenders talk of the need for “due process” to justify the delay but that ignores the political reality in this case, where a senior Cabinet member had treated the Ministerial code with disdain. It was not as if Zahawi was an indispensable asset to the Government. In his regular media appearances, he always came as a stumbling, inarticulate performer. In the wake of the chairman’s departure, Sunak’s premiership could go in one of two directions. As happened to John Major in the 1990s, his Government could slide ever deeper into the mire of sleaze, further eroding his credibility and authority. Going through the motions without real power, he would wait impotently for each new scandal to break and each new setback to arise before the final drubbing at the ballot box. Or he could be galvanised into abandoning his defensive posture and go on the attack. The biggest complaint about Sunak is not his intellectual capability for the job but his air of weakness and indecisiveness. To many at Westminster, he comes across as the earnest number- crunching manager, not the inspirational, risk-taking leader. In their hour of desperation, the Tories need a courageous warrior to fight the enemy, not a cautious accountant to undertake an audit. Perhaps the dismissal of Zahawi will be a turning point. Emboldened by finally taking charge, he could become more determined on other fronts, such as restoring our borders and creating an effective asylum system in place of the current anarchy, which has pushed immigration to record levels and allowed people smugglers to control cross-Channel routes. Sunak will have his work cut out, for the Home Office is a citadel of woke dogma. Already civil servants are preparing to obstruct the drive for asylum and immigration reform. “The Prime Minister is going to have some serious battles on his hands,” says one gleefully. But Sunak will have a vital ally in the public, fed up with unelected mandarins and lawyers dictating policy and defying the Government. The British people want the abuses to end and fairness to be restored. Victory here would give the Government the confidence to press on with other vital priorities, like welfare reform, the confronting of trans ideology and the fight against crime. Backed by common sense and a clear vision for change, the Tories might start to recover. The Prime Minister has nothing to lose but his fearfulness.