Yep, Nicola Sturgeon and many of her loony SNP compatriots – whose minds have been so warped by the fanatical pro-trans lobby that it’s rendered them stupid – thought it was perfectly fine for Adam Graham, who having been charged with rape suddenly decided to call himself Isla Bryson (I won’t), to be housed in a women’s jail while undergoing risk assessment. What risk is there to assess? He raped TWO women for God’s sake. So yes, he’s a risk! Yet still Sturgeon and her government sat back and did nothing, putting all the women in Cornton Vale jail in danger. It was only the UK-wide outcry that forced a humiliated Sturgeon to crawl down from her government’s idiotic stance and say Graham should be removed from the women’s jail. And, at a stroke, she rendered her dangerous Gender Recognition Reform Bill a dud. Because what happened with Graham this week is the ultimate illustration of what can happen when you allow people to self-identify having had no proper medical or psychiatric diagnosis. Adam Graham’s estranged wife says his transition is a sham and he only did it to get an easier time in prison. And I choose to believe her over Sturgeon and her brainwashed SNP mates. Now, not only is the Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill in tatters, but this has also made Labour’s support of it look even more sinister. This is the party whose leader, Keir Starmer, is too weaselly to say whether a woman can have a penis. He says it’s wrong to say that only women have a cervix. Yvette Cooper, who’d previously refused to define what the word “woman” meant, said this week it was “common sense” that Adam Graham shouldn’t be locked up with women. Why not Yvette, if you think everyone who chooses to identify as a woman IS a woman? Why not? So, after this farce, does Labour continue to back the Bill? We need to know because there are still Labour MPs – namely Paulette Hamilton, for Birmingham Erdington – demanding that Graham be treated “fairly”. This kind of garbage actually beggars belief. Graham forfeited any right to fairness when he raped two women. The only people in this sickening debacle who deserve fairness – and our sympathy – are this vile predator’s devastated victims. But the Scottish Parliament doesn’t give a stuff about them and neither, it seems, does the Labour Party which is invariably on the side of criminals not their victims. And THAT’S not bloody fair. Surely we now have to question both Sturgeon’s judgment and her motives here and ask how she could have been so blind to the dangers of her Bill for women-only safe venues, including prisons. Her plummeting popularity in the polls tells me she doesn’t have long. But then that’s up to the Scottish people who must have a death wish because they keep voting for her. And if they do it again, what happens to them – is on them! I’m more interested in the Labour Party here. Imagine what will happen to women’s rights if Labour gets into power. Imagine the damage that could be done by the likes of Lloyd Russell-Moyle – the man who menaces women MPs who disagree with him on trans issues and who, together with two other Labour MPs, last week shared a platform with trans activist Sarah Jayne Baker, who served 30 years in jail for attempted murder, torture and kidnap. Imagine being Labour MP Rosie Duffield who gets death threats when she speaks out against the Gender Recognition Reform Bill and whose own MPs want the Whip taken from her because she dares to speak up for women’s rights. Do we really want a government that eradicates women’s rights on the altar of political correctness and prioritises the rights of trans women like rapist Adam Graham over the rights of ALL biological women? I sure as hell don’t!  When Robert Redford was making The Way We Were with Barbra Streisand he wore two pairs of underpants for their love scenes because, says the author of a new book, the singer had become infatuated with him and he wanted to protect himself. From what? What did he imagine she was going to do? I know Redford was utterly gorgeous at the time but this story makes him sound very ungallant and a bit up himself. He was also, according to writer Robert Hofler, sniffy about Streisand’s acting talent and kept refusing to do the film because he considered her not to be a serious actress. A glorious irony then that it was her who got nominated for an Oscar – not him! Hearing the news this week about Ukraine finally being given tanks and more weapons by a dithering West, people could be forgiven for believing Boris Johnson was still Britain’s PM. It was him in Ukraine last weekend. It was him who initially led the fight for Ukraine to be given weapons. It’s him STILL leading it and him who, in a rallying cry to the world last weekend, screamed, “What the Hell are you doing?” asking countries why they weren’t coming up with tanks. And now they have. And where was Rishi? Who cares? That’s the difference between someone born to be a leader and someone who should stay in the background as a manager. Sadly for us, it’s the manager who’s currently running the country. Met Commissioner Mark Rowley says two, maybe three, police officers are expected to face criminal charges in court EVERY week in the next few months. Just read that sentence again – and let it sink in. How can it be that the people paid to enforce the law are law-breakers themselves and for years have got away with it? The Met police doesn’t just need reform – it needs scrapping and starting again. Not least because Rowley told London Assembly members there are many more painful truths still to come as complaints about officers in the Met – and other forces – keep pouring in. The police used to be society’s Good Guys. Not any more. Heard a suggestion this week that, instead of putting cross-Channel migrants into luxury four-star hotels, how about we put the asylum seekers – many of whom are economic migrants from safe countries who shouldn’t even be here – into army barracks and military personnel into the luxury hotels? Sounds about right. Although the Lefty do-gooders who want Britain’s borders flung open to all comers would no doubt argue the people who signed up to fight and die for this country are worth far less than the scammers arriving here, most of whom won’t ever contribute anything useful to this country and who insult the British people by abusing our hospitality. BGT’s Alesha Dixon and Amanda Holden got all uppity and threatened to strike when they realised BGT’s newest signing, and Cowell’s mate, Bruno Tonioli, was getting £865,000 for the series – the same as them. Love both girls, but they clearly don’t live on Planet Earth any more if they don’t get it that they’re the luckiest people alive to be getting that kind of cash for just sitting there having a laugh and looking beautiful! A third of graduates now get first class honours degrees but in 1970 it was fewer than 10 percent. Were we thicker then or was it just because we didn’t worry about the “hurt feelings” of upset students who’d be “triggered” by not getting the grades they thought they deserved? Just asking... In my world they never went away, but it seems cocktails are back – and demand is so great one in five pubgoers is now ordering them. Maybe it’s because in these gloomy times, when we’re all skint and huddling in jumpers in our freezing homes, cocktails are a gorgeous nod to the glamorous, decadent lives we once had – and hopefully will have again.