Camilla, Queen Consort has reportedly welcomed Sarah, Duchess of York back into the heart of royal life, following years of her being shunned by the Firm. According to a royal insider, the pair have bonded over their "shared love of horses" and that Camilla "likes Sarah" as they are both "gentry". Despite her divorce from Prince Andrew back in 1996, the two have remained close friends, however, his family have not always allowed her to remain part of royal life. But last Christmas, the first since the death of Queen Elizabeth and with Charles as King, Sarah was invited to Sandringham to celebrate with the rest of the family, even posing for a festive photo shoot. A palace insider told the Mail on Sunday: "Fergie will be smart enough to play the game with Camilla and realise she is the power behind the King. That she must be nice to them and support them.  "There was Fergie, in the thick of it, chatting away to the King and Queen Consort on the Boxing Day shoot. [Prince] Philip would never have allowed that. "There's a feeling that, no matter what Sarah's personal faults – and she can be like Marmite in that respect – she has been a good mother to the girls and loyal to Andrew." Sarah and Andrew have two daughters together-Princess Beatrice, 34, and Princess Eugenie, 32, who are now married with children of their own. Beatrice has a one-year-old daughter called Sienna with hr husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, whilst Eugenie welcomed her son August with husband Jack Brooksbank almost two years ago. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'very savvy' as Duke's memoir gives 'more weight'  Back in May 2022, Fergie reflected on her relationship with her daughters, saying: "I'm best friends with my children because I watched them be very good mothers. I love bringing them up the way I brought them up, which is their feet on the ground. "And I've always said, 'If you can't go out with a smile, then don't go out until you can smile. Because everyone's watching you, and they'll want you to be smiling. "To be a good mother is to really listen, to have empathy, to shut the door on the world when... and turn the telephone off.  DON'T MISS:Monaco's Jacques and Gabriella attend International Circus Festival [LATEST]Woman almost ‘lost hand’ after drunkenly jumping into lion enclosure [REVEAL]Sussexes biographer accused of lying by Prince Harry [SPOTLIGHT] "I do the five points which are: 'Are you cross with me? Are you cross with your father? Are you angry with a friend at school or...' You go through the five points and then you're giving them time to open up to discuss. "Mothering for me is my chief role. Good mothering means you never forget that you were once a teenager." In spite of being divorced Sarah and Andrew still live together in the Royal Lodge at Windsor with the Queen's corgis. 