Aries A special friendship will spice up your day but if you get too wild and crazy you could regret impulsive actions very quickly. Keep reminding yourself that sorting out an emotional mess won’t be half as much fun as making it. Taurus Something that sounds like fun for others will hold no appeal to you. Someone close will want to act on a spontaneous idea. They will be disappointed because you won’t want anything to do with it. You know your own mind and you won’t be persuaded to change it. Gemini Variety is the spice of life. A friend you were going to spend the day with isn’t looking to do anything fun or adventurous. You want a taste of something different. Just be sure this does not include flirting with someone else while your other half isn’t looking as they will find out and they will not be too amused.   Cancer There’s a need to be flexible even though you won’t feel comfortable with the fast pace of the day. Everything seems to be suddenly changing and you could do with some time to seek advice or to at least think about it. In some areas this won’t be possible when there is a need for a very quick response. Leo Someone keeps rambling on about the minuscule details of their life and recent events. You would prefer they lightened up and because their company is far from relaxing you might decide to call on other friends. You just want to relax and forget responsibility for a while. Virgo Recent romantic or financial difficulties are on your mind. Because you have been taking a practical approach to getting these sorted, they will soon be over and you will feel more in control of your life and relationships. A text message that is hugely unwelcome will still need a reply.   Libra A young person in your life may need some specialist support. Whether they are struggling at school or being bullied, just having someone to talk to will help make a difference. Accept help from family if you feel worried or overwhelmed. Scorpio If you are turning to credit to help you keep on top of finances there is still a need to be careful. It can be really helpful providing you know exactly what you are doing. Lots of information, support and advice will be found online. Waiting for the next pay day before making a big buy could also work out really well. Sagittarius Someone in power has so mismanaged a project all seems to be in chaos. You aren’t surprised that there are so many people who are angry about the time and resources that have been wasted in this endeavour. A skilled executive will step in and take the right action.      Capricorn Finding optimism and remaining hopeful in the face of a number of challenges could be emotionally exhausting and that’s why you might choose to mix with friends who somehow always manage to keep looking on the bright side. If you get confused, don’t be so hesitant to ask for help. Aquarius Your involvement in a group or charity venture could be taking a lot more of your time than you had first expected it would. The main problem is as other people pull out you are taking on their duties. If it is all getting too much for you, don’t feel obliged to continue. Pisces A useful tip will be given to you at a social gathering. Even if you don’t feel like mixing with others, you realise the importance of showing your face and letting others see the more sociable side of your personality. Sometimes it is not what you know but who you know that counts.  