  An airline CEO has warned that travelling this year may be more stressful than usual, due to strikes, the war in Ukraine and rising ticket prices. He said that despite the predicted chaos, airline bookings are higher than ever this year.      Michael O’Leary, the CEO of Ryanair, has warned that those going on holiday this year should prepare for disruption due to international strikes and the war in Ukraine. He said the traffic controllers strike in France may risk “shutting everybody down”. Mr O’Leary said:: “The French usually wait until about March-April to start going on strike. This year they are starting on Thursday because they are not happy with [President] Macron’s pension reforms. "The first people to man the barricades are the French air traffic controllers.”    Mr O’Leary also stated that Russia’s war in Ukraine will also cause travel disruption. He said: “The real pressure will be on Germany because of the situation in Ukraine. “Most of southern Poland has been closed off for NATO exercises, so everything going north-south from the Baltic states down to Greece and Italy now has to fly around Germany. “All the long-haul stuff going to Asia now has to fly down around Germany and across Romania, out over Iran, because they can’t fly over Russia. “So there is real pressure on Germany, northern Italy, those kinds of corridors there and that’s going to be a challenge.” READ MORE: Clarkson's apology gave Harry and Meghan 'open goal', expert claims   Ryanair received 2.03 million flight bookings last weekend, beating its previous weekend's record-breaking sales. In 2019, the airline booked 1.6 million seats being booked during a time the airline had their seats heavily discounted. Mr O'Leary told reporters: "People are worrying that prices are going to rise in the summer - which I think they will. "People are getting in early and booking their Easter and summer travel." DON'T MISS:Ukraine war 'will go on for some time' amid 'ferocious' fighting  [INSIGHT]Putin could order troops to make 'final push' in Ukraine war move [REPORT]Iran branded 'accomplice' to Putin as UK and US vow to help Ukraine [REVEAL]   The CEO said he believes prices rise in “the high single digits” in a percentage compared to prices last year. He also said he doesn't believe that discount airline tickets, which can go as low as £9.99, will return “for the next year or two”. Mr O'Leary said he believes the large booking sales are due to people deciding to "scrimp and save" in order to “protect their holiday” despite the current cost of living crisis. He said: "One of the things that has emerged out of Covid is the annual holiday, or the second holiday, or the week in the sun, is no longer being considered by many to be a luxury that we can drop."     