Queen Elizabeth II was appreciated by so many people because she "never got on your nerves" and kept her opinions to herself, a BBC Question Time panellist has claimed. Daily Telegraph columnist Tim Stanley argued that the late monarch was a "remarkable demonstration" of the "power of silence".  He said: "And the lesson that one takes from this is why so many of us appreciated Elizabeth II and we might not have realised it at the time. "But Elizabeth II never got on your nerves because she kept her opinions to herself." At this point, some members of the audience appeared to giggle at the historian's comments. Question Time host Fiona Bruce felt the need to interrupt the former University of Sussex lecturer in full flow.  She said: "That's setting the bar quite low, Tim, if I might suggest." However, Mr Stanley denied this was the case, with the former Royal Holloway lecturer arguing that it was increasingly difficult not to offend people in a social media-dominated age. He said: "No, it's not. Could you do that, especially in the age of social media? "To keep your opinions to yourself and never put a foot wrong.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry losing titles 'very real possibility' "To be always honourable, right and fair and even-handed. "That woman was a remarkable demonstration of the power of silence and just getting on with it." Earlier, Mr Stanley suggested that despite the row over Prince Harry's memoir, the monarchy would survive. The Cambridge history graduate also suggested that the Duke of Sussex would have resolved his differences with a duel rather than Netflix in a previous era.  DON'T MISS:Harry’s memoir questioned as Air NZ debunk Thomas Markle flight claim [REVEAL] Kate smiles and waves at fans as they show support [INSIGHT] Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall 'living the dream life' in new photos [SPOTLIGHT]  "My point is you look back over its history. Brothers have been at each other's throats. "The media's been involved. "We've had all this before and it has survived. "In a better age, Harry and William would have resolved this with pistols at dawn. "But sadly, now it's done through Netflix." 