A dad-of-three has become a millionaire overnight after winning a whopping £5.4 million on a stake of just £1.40. Michael Clark has had an unforgettable start to 2023 as he bagged the biggest payout in Betfred's 56-year history.   The money will undoubtedly transform the 32-year-old's life, as well as that of his three children and his fiancée, Sherelle Pooley, 27, reports Chronicle Live. It has already been decided that Michael, from Walker, Newcastle upon Tyne, will get his grandmother a new stairlift so she can stay in her own home, and Sherelle is getting a brand new, sparkling engagement ring, with the pair aiming to have a wedding reception at Newcastle United's St James' Park. They are also eyeing up a honeymoon in Jamaica, a new Tesla car once Michael passes his driving test, and they already have their eye on a six-bedroom home in the countryside. But before all that, the couple have been busy transforming their wardrobe with the latest designer gear, with Michael splashing out £1,000 on a new suit. Michael, who worked on minimum wage terms at a mental health unit, and Sherelle, who is a carer for her grandmother, have already shared some of their good fortune when they met a rough sleeper in Newcastle city centre near the hotel they are now living in. He asked Michael for a cigarette before they got to chatting about how he had fallen on hard times, and the big-hearted Geordie promptly paid for him to stay the night in a hotel.    The lucky couple were relaxing at home when Michael got fed up with all the post-Christmas TV repeats, and so instead opted to have a go on the slots game. He said: "I was on it for probably 20 or 30 minutes or so and just kept on winning until I found myself playing for the jackpot. "At first I thought we’d won £5,000, which was a great amount, but then I realised there were more numbers showing on my phone. "I just couldn’t believe that I’d actually won so much. "We thought it must have been a mistake at first, and then we started hugging each other when we realised it was real. "I just couldn’t stop crying, and there was no way I was going to go to sleep that night having won such an enormous amount of money. "Now we can easily afford to get married and buy our forever home in the countryside. Six bedrooms will do very nicely indeed. "I absolutely loved my job helping people in the mental health unit where there are people of all ages, but the boss understood when I explained I would have to leave for a bit with all this going on. "Sherelle’s told her grandmother not to worry, she’ll still look after her doing all the shopping and everything else. "Season tickets for us both at Newcastle United are definitely on our wish list, or maybe even a match day box - we’re true Geordies and the team under Eddie Howe are doing very well at the moment. "We’ve been engaged for seven years, and we’ll be replacing Sherelle’s engagement ring and getting something a lot more expensive than the £1,000 we spent in 2016. "I might even buy myself a posh new watch. Everyone’s calling me ‘Micky Millions’ now! "It would be brilliant to have our wedding reception at St. James’ Park. "The honeymoon will probably be in the Caribbean – maybe Jamaica – and we’ll be travelling first class. "Sherelle has never been on a plane so we're already sorting out a passport for her. "I’ve only got a provisional driving licence so I’ll be getting myself a few more lessons and then a new car, possibly a Tesla. "For New Year, we fixed up a party for 35 friends and relatives and had a brilliant time. What a start we’ve had to 2023. "I’m absolutely determined that we don’t waste the money, so that not just us but the next generations of our family can also flourish. "It’s just unbelievable what has happened to us – a total transformation of our lives. "To be starting 2023 as not just a millionaire but a multi-millionaire has blown my mind. "I can't thank Betfred enough...it's massively appreciated what they have done for us." Sherelle added: "I am just so happy for Michael, me and the whole family. It's totally overwhelming. We are so lucky to have a new and better life ahead of us." The couple met while Michael was working at KFC, where Sherelle used to visit and always have the same order of a chicken fillet with no sauce. He was taken by her as a regular customer, and when he moved to a branch in the city centre he was surprised to see she had turned detective and tracked him down - and kept the same order. They eventually went on a date in a coffee bar, and further down the line set up home together. Despite now staying in a plush city centre apartment, the couple cannot resist a Greggs bacon sandwich for breakfast – and despite being in the money, Michael admits he still loves to eat Pot Noodles. Long-term, Michael is pondering whether to get into the property development business – and that is something he discussed with Betfred boss Fred Done, who contacted him to offer his congratulations and arrange a couple of couple of bottles of champagne to be delivered. Michael added: "I’m just absolutely over the moon. You see these big prizes available and think nobody ever wins them. Well, they do… it’s me! "It’s a case of trying to come to terms with the fact that I’ve won so much money. We are determined to stay grounded and not go too crazy… although we’re also determined to enjoy life to the fullest. "I’m getting a bit of a taste for champagne now, but I still like a pint of dog which is what us Geordies call Newcastle Brown. "The kids think they’re on an adventure and like us just can’t get a grip on what has happened. "We’re just two very lucky people who were brought up on a council estate and went to comprehensive school, but have always tried to be kind to others… and now we are rich beyond our dreams." Betfred boss Fred said: "This proves nice guys can win. Michael is the most worthy of winners. It is brilliant news for this smashing couple."