For all the efforts we may have exerted over the years, hoping through dialogue to encourage integration and social cohesion, Islamists have gained considerable ground, positioning the West as the enemy to be struck down by virtue of the principles it champions - mainly that individuals have inherent and inalienable sovereign rights. Terrorism today has become a political tool, an instrument wielded by certain states and their agencies to manifest new realities and force their intended targets - in this case, the West, to comply with their wishes, and if not, face the wrath of their henchmen. And though our officials may still be reluctant to openly speak out against such perverse ‘diplomatic’ practices, the threat to our national security has become such that we can no longer look the other way. Terror as it were cannot be contained, instead it needs to be confronted. Our biggest mistake may be that we have conceptualised our approach to terrorism within a binary narrative, and in doing so imagined that since military interventionism proved unsuccessful the only option left to us would be appeasement through inactions - to validate and normalise Islamists’ rhetoric so that maybe their ire could be defused. For decades now Iran has taken into the habit of arresting foreign nationals on bogus charges - high on the list of course espionage for an enemy state, so their fate could be leveraged, and concessions from foreign states extracted. The biggest sponsor of terrorism across the world Iran’s behaviour, mainly its security apparatus’ modus operandi is not far removed from that of the terror outfits it has financed, propped and altogether directed over the years. I would be as bold as to posit that Iran’s regime, by virtue of its ideology and practice of power, is the ultimate Terror state. To put it simply, Iran is holding our capitals ransom. Olivier Vandecasteele, a Belgian aid worker for the Norwegian Refugee Council was condemned this week to 40 years in prison and 74 lashes on allegations he acted as a spy for the US government, smuggled foreign currencies and participated in money laundering activities. Against his immediate release, Tehran demanded that one of its own, Assadollah Assadi, an Iranian diplomat convicted of plotting a terror attack, be allowed to return to Iran under the terms of  Belgium’s controversial prisoner exchange treaty. The move comes a month after Belgium’s Constitutional Court suspended the implementation of the treaty, after its validity was challenged by the opposition. Whenever Iran has faced resistance it has lashed out one way or the other. An innocent victim of Iran’s hostage diplomacy strategy Vandecasteel is but a pawn on a chessboard, a life to be exchanged so that Tehran could get what it wants and needs from our capitals. If we now consider that Germany has profoundly angered the regime over its outspoken support for protesters and its officials’ virulent denunciation of Tehran’s brutal crackdown, to learn of a foiled terrorist attack on its soil by an Iranian national ties into a worrying narrative - one which we may not be able to prove but which nevertheless we ought to consider and ponder over. Germany’s attempted attack did not happen in a vacuum … it is also unlikely to be the only threat we will have to face moving forward. And if we are to believe the warnings of one IRGC Commander in Chief,  Maj. Gen. Hossein Salami, France may be next! “You have made a big mistake, but sooner or later Muslims will take revenge, and you may arrest the avengers, but the dead will not come back to life,” Maj. Gen. Hossein Salami was quoted as saying by the Iranian press this week in reference to the publication of a series of cartoons by Charlie Hebdo, featuring Ayatollah Khamenei. And, “I refer the French and the directors of this institution (Charlie Hebdo) to the fate of Salman Rushdie.” Such comments cannot be brushed away! But France and Germany are not alone in facing potential retaliations, courtesy of an increasingly volatile and belligerent Iranian regime.  The UK in fact features high on Tehran’s list of targets - and I am not just referring to recent reports that Alireza Akbari, a British-Iranian national and former official under late President Khatami may soon be executed over allegations he was a British asset, but the very real possibility of an act of terror. News has surfaced that the interception of a package containing small traces of uranium at Heathrow by the authorities in late December may have been part of a ‘dry run’ prior to a bid to smuggle a so-called “dirty bomb” into the UK. Iran’s reckless behaviour, the ideology its regime espouses and promotes remains the biggest to not only our national security, but our democracies  … we have yet to formulate an adequate response.