Switching to a social tariff can save a benefit claimant some £250 a year and there are several providers who offer discounted rates. The scheme allows internet service providers to ask the DWP to automatically verify a customer’s benefits entitlement.  The providers have to reach out to the customer to ask their permission before they can be checked. The streamlined process means people do not need to prove they claim benefits while on a tariff for those on low incomes, as they had to previously. Sky and its subsidiary brand NOW have joined several other providers in signing up to the initiative. Prior to the process being introduced, claimants had to verify their entitlement with the provider using Jobcentre letters or screenshots of their Universal Credit account. READ MORE: 'Pleasant surprise': Savers urged to look at investing in ISAs as new tax year approaches  Research from consumer group Which? found that moving to a social tariff could save the average eligible consumer £250 a year. A person on a social tariff could see their broadband bill reduced to just £12 a month. These are the current major providers offering social tariffs, as listed on the Ofgem website: READ MORE: 'Can't afford to stop’: Brits forced to work into later life as ‘pensions won’t stretch’ Anyone who has a contract with a broadband provider can ask them directly if they can get a reduction on their bill. There is also the option to switch to a new provider if someone is with a group who does not offer the social tariffs. Broadband and mobile bills could increase by 18 percent this April, according to figures from Uswitch.com. Broadband bills are set to increase by £55 a year while mobile bills will go up by around £86 a year. Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at Uswitch.com, explained: “Providers often link their annual price rises to inflation, measured by either the consumer price index (CPI) or the retail price index (RPI). “Both of these are around the highest they’ve been for 40 years, with the latest CPI at 10.7 percent and RPI at 14 percent. “Although inflation may have fallen by the spring, most providers use figures from December and January to gauge how much their price increases will be. “Some companies also add a small percentage of three to four percent on top of the CPI or RPI rates, meaning consumers could be looking at increases of up to 18 percent. “Ofcom rules allow providers to do this, as long as it is mentioned when you sign up, so there isn’t much consumers can do to avoid these mid-contract rises if they are currently on a fixed-term deal.”