Arsenal director Edu wanted to include a unique anti-Chelsea clause during negotiations for the signing of Jakub Kiwior earlier this month, according to reports. The Gunners eventually managed to bring Kiwior to the Emirates Stadium from Spezia for a transfer fee of around £22million, with the Polish defender becoming their second January signing after the capture of Leandro Trossard from Brighton and Hove Albion. Arsenal have endured a tough time of things in the mid-season market to date, with their lengthy pursuit of Mykahylo Mudryk ending in tears when Chelsea swooped in with a mega-money offer to poach the Ukraine international winger for themselves. Edu was determined to avoid a similar outcome regarding their hopes of landing Kiwior and even tried to include a special clause to prevent the Blues from hijacking the deal, according to Gianluca Di Marzio.He told goal.pl: "Arsenal wanted to put in the contracts with the agents and clubs, all the parties involved in the deal, they couldn't speak about the deal otherwise it wouldn't go forward."After Mudryk, where everybody was talking about him, then Chelsea arrived and got the player, now Arsenal have decided probably in every deal, this 'silent' part of the contract. Nobody knew about Kiwior to Arsenal till the end of this deal. JUST IN: Chelsea have 'definite opportunity' to sign Vlahovic amid Juve crisis "I understand Arsenal because every player they want to get, Chelsea arrives and offers more. I think it is difficult now even for English clubs with the ghost of Chelsea doing a deal with other clubs without anyone knowing."Di Marzio went on to explain how Edu's strong relationship with Spezia director Eduardo Macia played an important role in Kiwior's move to north London, adding: "In the beginning he was a target of AC Milan but they wanted to do it in the summer, Napoli too and they also wanted to do in the summer. Villarreal tried, Borussia Dortmund tried."Arsenal was very quick and speedy because they anticipated that other clubs could arrive in June. Arsenal started by offering €18m [£15m] plus bonuses. Then Eduardo Macia, the sporting director of Spezia, and Edu have a good relationship and they started talking. "Macia was good to get the price to €25m [£21.9m] plus €5m [£4.3m] in bonuses. The player wanted to stay at Spezia till the end of the season but when Arsenal came he said: 'I only want to go to Arsenal at this moment.'"Arsenal were very good in this deal and even from Spezia nobody talked because they were afraid the deal couldn't go forward. He is a very good player and I think Arsenal arrived first and the key was to anticipate the move in January because in June, Kiwior could have gone anywhere." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.