Manchester United have been given a boost with Jadon Sancho resuming training with the club. The England international has been out of action since October, with Erik ten Hag sending the forward to work on his mental and physical state. And it’s clear the 22-year-old will need to rediscover his mojo if he’s to have any chance of acquiring the No 7 shirt at the end of the season. United lost their opening two Premier League matches, against Brighton and Brentford, with Ten Hag cutting a frustrated figure during those two showdowns. Yet the Red Devils have been on an upwards trajectory ever since and are now the only club in the country capable of winning all four competitions they’re in. Sancho was the hero as United saw off the likes of Liverpool and Leicester to put their early season woes behind them. But he struggled to make his mark in the weeks that followed and has now been absent for nearly three months, despite his obvious talent. Ten Hag, sensing Sancho’s declining form, decided to sit down with the player. The pair then agreed it was best for the England international to spend some time away from the squad in order to summon the magic of old. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big On Thursday, United released pictures showing Sancho back in training. The attacker wrapped up warm in the Mancunian cold and appeared to be fully focused on the task in hand. Now, the onus is on him to perform if he’s to have any chance of acquiring the No 7 shirt - which is currently vacant in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. Back in the summer of 2020, Sancho had been promised the jersey by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - who had identified the former Manchester City star as his main target. United informed the player they were reserving the jersey, which had previously been donned by the disastrous Alexis Sanchez. Yet Borussia Dortmund priced Sancho out of a move and, in the end, he had to wait a year before getting his dream transfer to Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see By that time, however, United had given the number to Edinson Cavani. And when Sancho touched down, he found the Uruguay international in no mood to give it up. The No 7 carries a great weight at United, having been worn by club icons such as Ronaldo, David Beckham, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona and George Best over the years. Yet with Cavani unwilling to give up the jersey, that meant Sancho taking No 25 instead (two plus five equals seven, after all). Cavani would, of course, make an exception for Ronaldo. As one of the greatest players of all time, that wasn’t exactly a surprise. But Sancho has never seemed comfortable with the No 25 on his back. If he can get back to his devastating Dortmund best, however, who knows what could happen? Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking last month, talkSPORT pundit Simon Jordan suggested Sancho wasn’t as good as many think he is. “There’s no excuse of him physically not being able to play,” he said. “The mental side of things – we have got to judge things on equal footing because people underestimate the mental side of people’s challenges. Let’s put them in separate contexts. “If he’s not physically able to play, that’s inexcusable. “If he’s not mentally, we have to understand why before we start pouring scorn upon him. “I look at it and I watch him and I think he’s never been the player people make him out to be. “I don’t think we saw enough of him at Borussia Dortmund – we saw flashes of him and reputations being built over there.” Though Sancho has just returned to training, United are being careful not to rush him back too soon. And with Arsenal on Sunday up next, it’s feasible he’ll miss out on the showdown at the Emirates Stadium.