Manchester United and Chelsea could be embroiled in a bidding war to sign Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries, according to reports. However, Premier League rivals Tottenham have an advantage in a potential deal. Dumfries has only been at Inter since the summer of 2021. But he continues to be regularly linked with a move to the Premier League. Chelsea are looking for an alternative option to Reece James, who has had a number of injury problems in recent seasons. The England international is set for another month out following a recurrence of a knee problem. United are also looking for a right-back, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka out of favour until his recent return to the side in Diogo Dalot's absence. Dalot is also out of contract in 2024 so Erik ten Hag is assessing his options. READ MORE: Tottenham's Aston Villa defeat shows Conte needs four transfers  Italian football reporter Marco Barzaghi claims there may be a bidding war between the two English giants for Dumfries. Inter would be willing to do business between £44.3million (€50m) and £53.1million (€60m). But Spurs may end up having the key to a deal. Barzaghi claims the north Londoners could be willing to offer Emerson Royal as part of the deal. Emerson would be a direct replacement for Dumfries at Inter, which could attract the Serie A club into a deal. Bayern Munich are also in contention and could offer Noussair Mazraoui in part exchange. Speaking on his YouTube channel, as relayed by FC Inter 1908, Barzaghi said: "Dumfries had a star turn in the World Cup, with goals and assists. Given the prices that are circulating, €60m could fit, but even €50m could be good. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag’s four best players are clear after Wolves winMan Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides'Ronaldo hands Man Utd parting gift with 'January loan' on the cards  "A bidding war cannot be ruled out with Chelsea, Manchester United and Bayern Munich, who could offer the Moroccan flanker Mazraoui as a counterpart, but he costs and could fetch around €20m. Tottenham is also on the player and could offer Emerson Royal." Emerson had been a regular for Tottenham this season, having started 11 of the first 15 Premier League matches before the break for the World Cup. However, Matt Doherty has been preferred by Antonio Conte against both Brentford and Aston Villa upon the resumption. Djed Spence has been mostly left out in the cold by Conte since his summer arrival from Middlesbrough. The England under-21 international made a late appearance against Villa, as did Emerson.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here