Marc Cucurella's reaction after being told that Jorginho had completed his transfer to Arsenal speaks volumes of the surprising nature of the move. The Chelsea defender was completing some media duties when he was informed that Jorginho was no longer his team-mate, sparking a priceless reaction. Arsenal have agreed a £12million deal with Chelsea for the 31-year-old midfielder, with just official confirmation left. Jorginho's agent, Joao Santos, took to Instagram to post a picture of him with his client, who is seen wearing an Arsenal shirt and tracksuit trousers featuring the number 20. But while millions on social media were made aware of his imminent move to Chelsea's London rivals, Cucurella was informed while on media duty with GOAL. The Spaniard was answering questions for a social media video, saying: "The smartest player in the squad is Jorginho, 100 per cent, because he has a..." He was interrupted by a GOAL employer, who remarked: "I don't think he plays for Chelsea anymore... I think he's transferred to Arsenal." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Cucurella replied, with shock in his voice: "No?! Arsenal, no? I would say Jorginho... or [do you want me to] change?" "I think you've got to change it. He's gone to Arsenal. It's happening today. There are photos of him [in an Arsenal shirt]," the GOAL employee responded. The news left Cucurella so surprised by how quickly it had developed that he was laughing in disbelief, shouting: "No?!" Jorginho will become the latest Chelsea player to switch allegiances to Arsenal, following Willian, who moved to the Emirates Stadium on a three-year deal in 2020. DON'T MISS: Federico Chiesa to Man Utd transfer endorsed as star named 'perfect' The Italy international was expected to leave Stamford Bridge on a free transfer when his Chelsea contract expired in July. But after missing out on Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Moises Caicedo, seeing two bids worth up to £70m rejected, Mikel Arteta was left scrambling for reinforcements on deadline day. He landed on a cut-price deal for Jorginho, who lifted the Champions League and Europa League during his stint in west London. Arteta will hope he can provide the experience and winning mentality to help Arsenal maintain their momentum to defeat Manchester City in the Premier League title race. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here