Pamela Anderson, 55, has detailed her heart-wrenching life story in a new interview, discussing her tumultuous relationship with her mother and her eventful career. The former Playboy model also used the interview to admit that the late Hugh Hefner was very much a "gentleman" and the only man to treat her with respect through the years. Pamela appeared on the cover of Playboy magazine a record 14 times and has said nothing but good things about former Playboy owner Hugh after his death aged 91 in 2017. In an interview with The Times Pamela was asked if anyone "has ever treated her with complete and utter respect". Pamela replied quickly with the answer of "Hugh Hefner", having previously spoken out in support of the late star. This comes as Hugh's legacy has been met with controversy and multiple allegations of abuse from inside the Playboy mansion. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender  In a statement to Insider, a representative of Playboy said about the fresh allegations: "The Hefner family is no longer associated with Playboy, and today's Playboy is not Hugh Hefner's Playboy. "We trust and validate these women and their stories and we strongly support those individuals who have come forward to share their experiences. As a brand with sex-positivity at its core, we believe safety, security, and accountability are paramount." The majority of allegations against Hefner however have not been subject to criminal investigations or charges, and they do not constitute proof of guilt. Pamela also used the interview to discuss her tumultuous dating life, discussing her most recent marriage to Dan Hayhurst. The pair married in 2020, with Pamela describing it as "worse than any of [her previous marriages]", with the marriage being annuled in 2022. Pamela has had romances with Tommy Lee, musician Kid Rock, poker player Rick Solomon and film producer John Peters. In other news, the latter plans to leave Pamela $10 million in his will, "whether she needs it or not". DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [INSIGHT] Dame Esther Rantzen shares she is battling lung cancer as it 'spreads' [HEALTH] Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA [HOLLYWOOD]  After Hugh's death in 2017, Pamela called the Playboy tycoon the "most important person in [her] life" outside her direct family. She wrote in a heart-wrenching Instagram post: "I have so many thoughts, I have no brain right now to edit. I am me because of you. "You taught me everything important about freedom and respect. Outside of my family, you were the most important person in my life, you gave me my life... People tell me all the time that I was your favourite.. "I'm in such deep shock. But you were old, your back hurt you so much. The last time I saw you, you were using a walker, you didn't want me to see, and you couldn't hear. "You had a piece of paper in your pocket and you showed me my name Pamela with a heart around it." She continued: "Now, I'm falling apart. This feeling is so crazy. It's raining in Paris now. I'm by the window. Everything anyone loves about me is because you understood me, accepted me and encouraged me to be myself. "Thank you for making the world a better place. A frerer and sexier place. You were a charming, elegant, chivalrous gentleman and so much fun. Goodbye Hef ... Your Pamela." Hefner died of natural causes, aged 91, at his home, the Playboy Mansion. His son Cooper Hefner, the chief creative officer of Playboy Enterprises, described his father as a "cultural pioneer" who "defined a lifestyle and ethos that lie at the heart of the Playboy brand". Lots of celebrities including Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton paid tribute on Twitter, including Hefner’s ex-girlfriend Kendra Wilkinson who credited Hefner for changing her life. She told E! News at the time: "Hef changed my life. He made me the person I am today. I couldn't be more thankful for our friendship and our time together. "I will miss him so much but he will be in my heart forever."