A castaway has been rescued after spending weeks adrift in the ocean surviving on ketchup, garlic powder and stock cubes. Amazingly, the man was found in good health, although he had lost weight as a result of the ordeal. A plane spotted Elvis Francois, 47, from Dominica adrift about 120 miles from shore in a sailboat off the coast of Colombia. He had scrawled the word "help" in English on the boat's hull, which officials said was key to his rescue. Francois was taken to the port of Cartagena by a passing ship, the Colombian Navy said on Wednesday. "I called my friends, they tried to contact me, but I lost the signal. There was nothing else to do but sit and wait," Francois recalled in a video released by the navy. He says he was swept out to sea by currents in December while he was making repairs off the island of St Martin in the Netherlands Antilles. Francois said he subsisted on a bottle of ketchup, garlic powder and Maggi cubes which he mixed with water and ate.  A Commander in the Colombian Navy added that the castaway collected rainwater in a cloth to drink. Francois detailed the struggle of constantly bailing water out of the boat to keep it afloat and even tried to start a fire to signal for help, however this didn't work. Finally, a plane passed overhead which he signalled using a mirror. The navy told him the plane spotted him on a second pass. "At some point I lost hope and thought about my family, but I thank the coast guard. If it weren’t for them I wouldn’t be telling the story," Francois said. The sailboat was abandoned at sea after he was rescued by the merchant vessel which brought him to Colombia.  READ MORE: Boeing facing felony charges in court over two 737 MAX crashes The navy said Francois received a medical check on shore and then was handed over to immigration authorities for his return home to Dominica. People, sometimes, have been known to survive for months lost and stranded in the open ocean. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the longest anyone has been lost at sea and survived was when Japanese Captain Oguri Jukichi and one of his sailors, named Otokichi, were stranded for 484 days from 1813 to 1815. More recently, Salvador Alvarenga went fishing with a crewmate off the coast of Mexico in 2012 before being swept away in a storm. He was adrift for 438 days before washing up ashore in the Marshall Islands alone, 6,700 miles from where he set out. 