Jessica was in her late 70s when she received her first scam letter telling her she had won a lottery in Australia and she had to send a small fee to claim the prize. She sent off her details and was put on a so-called "suckers list" with her details shared with other scammers, as she was marked as vulnerable to cons. She was then bombarded with bogus letters over a five-year period promising big cash prizes in exchange for money. The elderly woman was convinced by the letters and kept sending off money believing she would receive a prize. Her daughter, Marilyn, tried desperately to convince her the messages were fake but her mum was completely duped. Appearing on BBC One’s Defenders UK, Marilyn said: “Even though we tried to convince my mum that this was all a scam, it was impossible. They were literally brainwashing my mother. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again “No matter what we said, my mother just would not believe that this was all a scam. This delusional world became her reality, basically it was all she was thinking about.” The scam letters claimed to be from lottery companies, banks or solicitors. Some had an informal style while others were more official. In total, Jessica received 30,000 fake letters and sent off around £50,000. She sent off most of her pension to the scammers and had to take out loans to make the payments. She would often struggle to pay for her food and bills and whenever Marilyn would try and persuade her she was being scammed, they would argue.  Marilyn tried contacting her mother’s bank and the police, but they were unable to help without Jessica’s consent. Marilyn said: “I was angry that this was being allowed to come through the UK postal system and nobody was intercepting it. Older and more trusting people like my mother are going to believe this.” Sylvia Rook, lead officer for Fair Trading at the Chartered Trading Standards Institute told the BBC programme about how these scams can take people in. She said: “I think the sad thing is, when this grows in an elderly person’s mind, it becomes completely real. READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5%  “They are completely convinced that they’re going to win the money. It’s only the next one that’s going to be the one that’s going to get them their big prize. “When somebody, usually a family member, tells them this is not true, they don’t believe it, they just cannot hear that.” After her mother died, Marilyn launched a campaign, Think Jessica, to raise awareness of scam mail. Her campaign got national attention and she has done talks and spoken to MPs in an effort to tackle scams like this. The campaign has resulted in more action by Royal Mail to stop the scam mail from getting through to victims. The scammers have tried to get around this by using plainer envelopes and they will use a person’s first name so it feels directed to them and is real. A person can report a scam message they have received to Action Fraud, a national reporting agency. People can also report scam texts by forwarding the bogus message to 7726. Reporting scams helps the authorities block the emails and websites used to carry out the fraud. Episodes of Defenders UK are available to watch now on BBC iPlayer.