Silent Witness fans got their first episode of this week’s double bill yesterday (Monday, January 16). The instalment called Star focused on the dark side of social media and the world of online influencers. The Lyell team had their work cut out with the case with the group also enlisted by a pregnant detective to also help them out. Each week Silent Witness usually airs on Mondays and Tuesdays on BBC One at 9pm. Fans get two-parters with the first half really delving into a new story before the concluding half the following evening. Sadly, this isn’t the case this week with the second half of Star airing tomorrow (Wednesday, January 17) on BBC One at 9pm. This is because an FA Cup match will be taking place as Wolverhampton Wanderers and Liverpool go head to head in the hopes of making it to the fourth round of the competition. READ MORE: Here's a look at the cast of Silent Witness episode Star The FA Cup match is scheduled to be starting on BBC One at 7.30pm this evening (January 16) after The One Show. The match will run until 10pm when BBC News at Ten will be broadcast. Waterloo Road fans are also going to have to wait until tomorrow to watch the next episode of the school drama. The next episode will be hitting screens tomorrow at 8pm on BBC One. However, Silent Witness fans have been given a tantalising insight into the next episode. A summary for the forthcoming Silent Witness episode reads: “The investigation continues to take unexpected turns, with Nikki (played by Emilia Fox) managing to get behind the mask of the lead suspect. “Jack (David Caves) has a breakthrough at the festival site and Nikki takes a dangerous opportunity.” The brief blurb concludes: “A surprise event at the Lyell brings some hope.” From the sounds of things, the Lyell team will finally be getting to the bottom of the case but there will be some twists along the way. There is a total of 10 episodes in the new series of Silent Witness, consisting of five cases altogether. Series 26 saw the introduction of Aki Omoshaybi as academic, neurologist and pathologist Gabriel Folukoya, who has spent the vast majority of his career looking into innovative research in data analysis. Actor Omoshaybi said of joining Silent Witness: “I couldn’t be more excited to be joining such a long running and much loved series. “Gabriel has much less practical experience than Nikki and prefers to computer model an autopsy than to slice a body open, but deep down Gabriel knows he needs people like Nikki and Jack. “He’s at a juncture in his life where he needs to make changes, to open up more, to allow himself to be more vulnerable.” DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]John Lydon shares heartbreaking health update on wife [VIDEO]Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [ANALYSIS] While Alastair Michael takes on Velvy Schur, the Lyell’s new APT (Anatomical Pathology Technologist) trainee after getting a recommendation from Clarissa Mullery (Liz Carr). Star Michael said: “I’m delighted to be joining the cast of Silent Witness. We meet my character Velvy as he is on a really interesting journey from within an Orthodox community into a wide secular society. “He is still acclimatising to the change and conflicted about the life he left behind, but he is eager for new knowledge, new experiences, and new friendships. “This curiosity can sometimes get the better of him and it might even ruffle some people's feathers. So, it'll be fun to see how that plays out in the Lyell." Silent Witness will be airing tomorrow on BBC One at 9pm