Chelsea fans have mercilessly trolled their Arsenal counterparts after the Gunners stepped up their interest in Real Valladolid full-back Ivan Fresneda. Mikel Arteta’s outfit reportedly face competition from in the Premier League and across Europe for the 18-year-old but will hope they do not suffer a repeat of their pursuit for Mykhaylo Mudryk. Arsenal had thought they were frontrunners in the race to sign the Ukrainian winger, but Chelsea swooped in and gazumped their London rivals after swiftly outbidding the Gunners to an £88million deal. The 22-year-old forward was paraded around Stamford Bridge during half-time of the Blues’ 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Sunday and he is the latest of players that Chelsea have attempted to hijack from their Premier League rivals. As news broke from The Telegraph that Arsenal are hoping to sign Fresneda, Chelsea fans made their voices heard as they mocked the Gunners by claiming that their club would also join the race for the Spaniard only to send a further blow to Arsenal. One Chelsea fan @Chuks_001 tweeted: “Okay, we are coming” accompanied by a laughing emoji. Another fan @ZimboSelase wrote: “Scouting for Chelsea again,” in reference to the multiple times that Potter’s side have appeared in transfer rumours only after their rivals had first been linked with a player. Several fans including @thtbycc tagged the official Chelsea Twitter account in response to the report, making their club aware of a potential move to hijack. Both Arsenal and Manchester United were interested in signing Atletico Madrid’s Joao Felix on loan to help bolster their forward line, though they were not prepared to pay the hefty fee that the Spanish side were demanding before Chelsea swooped and signed the Portugal star on a temporary deal until the end of the season. Arsenal will be fearing another repeat as they look to tie up a deal for Fresneda, though Newcastle are also interested in the teenager that has had a breakthrough season at Valladolid and is rated between £10-15m. Arsenal are said to prefer a move at the end of the season, which would allow Fresneda to help his side fight against relegation though any move could depend on interest from others and whether Cedric Soares departs from the Emirates this month. The Portuguese right-back has struggled for regular minutes under Arteta this season as Ben White and Takehiro Tomiyasu have moved ahead of the 31-year-old in the pecking order and he has been linked with a move to Fulham this month. Cedric was reportedly close to a move to Craven Cottage at the beginning of the window, but any deal looks to have stalled due to an issue regarding the player’s personal terms.