Billy Mitchell (played by Perry Fenwick) is the runt of the litter in the Mitchell family as the harmless cousin of thug Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden). He first made an appearance in EastEnders in 1998 and has been residing in Walford ever since and is very much part of the furniture in the BBC soap. But there could be trouble on the horizon for Billy as he is due to appear in court for murder. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders.DCI Samantha Keeble (Alison Newman) has been desperate to get her revenge against the Mitchells for decades and a flashback episode which aired last year finally explained why. When Phil, Grant Mitchell (Ross Kemp) and Billy were in their teens, they tagged along with the brothers' dad Eric Mitchell (George Russo) to an armed robbery at a warehouse. Sadly, the robbery didn't quite go according to plan and Eric shot a security guard who died of his injuries. Unfortunately for the crime family, the guard turned out to be the dad of DCI Keeble who has wanted to see them pay for their actions ever since. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Even when Phil tried to explain to Keeble that it was his dad rather than himself who shot her father, this wasn't good enough for her. So instead, she is trying to get Phil where it hurts by impacting the lives of his family and, in this case, Billy. Not only was Billy there on the night of the murder, he was the one who purchased the gun so the weapon could be tracked back to him. Keeble is stitching Billy up for the murder of her dad which could see him go to prison for a long stretch. Billy will be in court for the murder of Keeble's dad in the next episode of EastEnders which airs on Thursday, January 5. In Tuesday's episode, he said a heartfelt goodbye to his son Will Mitchell (Toby Walpole) and handed over his watch which was a gift from his brother Charlie. The father and son said they loved one another and hugged before Billy had to leave for court. While he strongly believes that he is going to prison, it doesn't seem likely Billy will be making his exit. DON'T MISS...BBC News to 'axe 14 presenters' in new year schedule shake-up [EXPLAINER]Patsy Kensit, 54, rushed to hospital with pneumonia  [CAST]EastEnders fans 'work out' the real father of Lily Slater's baby [THEORY] At the time of writing this article, there have been no reports actor Perry Fenwick is leaving EastEnders. So even if he does get sent down, this doesn't necessarily mean Billy will be written out of the show for good. Phil went to prison for various crimes, including his involvement in the murder of Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood) but he remained in the show. Billy's cousin has also been working hard on a plan to stop him facing legal proceedings altogether. Phil was secretly working with his nemesis Keanu Taylor (Danny Walters) to try and bring down Keeble. They did manage to get a recording of her admitting to trying to stitch up the Mitchell family before she kidnapped Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall). But when the gun went off in the latest episode as Kat tried to fight Keeble, who was shot? EastEnders is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.