A 17-year-old A-level student died after taking ecstasy for the first time at a sleepover with friends, an inquest heard. Lila-Grace Smith took the class A drug while staying at her friend’s house in West Yorkshire despite her mother’s warnings about taking drugs. Lila was rushed to hospital last summer after her friends raised the alarm but her life could not be saved. Bradford Coroner’s Court heard the amount Lila took was "well within" the range of levels linked to dying from the drug. Lila's mother, Emma Hargreaves, told the coroner’s court she had warned her daughter about taking drugs because she knew someone who had overdosed from ecstasy. Ms Hargreaves said: "Lila had met her boyfriend at primary school and they had been boyfriend and girlfriend for some time. READ MORE: Murder trial hears teen 'kicked victim's head like a football' "Lila would stay over at her friend's houses from time to time. "We knew she would have a drink when she went to parties, but we weren't worried about her consuming alcohol. "We'd just started having conversations about drugs. When I was younger, I knew someone who overdosed on ecstasy." According to Hull Live, the inquest heard on June 3, 2021, during the sleepover Lila’s friends had consumed nitrous oxide - a legal high nicknamed ‘hippy crack’ or ‘nos’ - and then ecstasy. Lila was attending North Halifax Grammar School where she studied Psychology, Biology and French. She also worked a part-time role as a waitress and had started piano lessons previously. Detective Sergeant Collum Hanogue, said the friends had researched the effects of ecstasy earlier in the evening. He told the inquest officers were unable to identify who supplied and acquired the drug, and there are no ongoing criminal proceedings.   Lila and two friends she was with called one of their boyfriends shortly after 11pm when she became ill. The unidentified man and three others got in a taxi and arrived at the house at 11:20pm. Two of them put Lila in the recovery position and the others took the girls to another room to save her embarrassment when she woke up after passing out. But when her condition worsened at 11.42pm, they rang 999 and administered CPR until the ambulance arrived. Paramedics rushed Lila to hospital, where she was pronounced dead at 12.45am on Saturday, June 4 2021, the inquest heard.  DS Hanogue said: "It would very much appear that all parties were aware and were willing participants." Recording a narrative conclusion, Assistant Coroner for West Yorkshire Mary Burke said: "This is a tragic case of the death of a young girl who had her whole life ahead of her. "Hopefully young people out there who might hear of this report may pause and think for a minute before they take such risks. "We have a family here who will grieve forever and a day for the loss of their loved one. Let this be a lesson, please."