Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) is facing a test like never before in the seventh season of Outlander as he vies to clear his wife Claire’s (Caitriona Balfe) name for murder. While Starz has released its first trailer for the upcoming seventh run, filming is still ongoing in Scotland and the USA for the bumper-length 16-episode-long season. However, according to Heughan, it’s been far from plain sailing. Heughan, Balfe and the rest of the Outlander cast have been filming for the past few months across Scotland. After a shortened eight-episode-long sixth season, the cast and production crew now have a staggering 16 episodes to complete before the seventh run premieres. This means lengthy shoots in sometimes sub-freezing temperatures, both day and night, in some of Scotland’s most picturesque locations. Opening up about how this can prove rather tricky, Heughan recently admitted: “The worst thing (about season seven) is probably night shoots in Scotland during the winter. READ MORE: Outlander fans convinced author ‘abandons’ Jamie and Claire “Some of our crew and cast are shooting right now, (doing) night shifts in Scotland. “And it’s very cold,” Heughan added to El Pais. “It’s -12 degrees!” Despite the challenging conditions, Heughan also admitted the show’s longevity and success when filming is in no small part down to the cast’s relationships. “We are a big family and we have been working together now for eight years,” he added to the publication. He continued: “And it’s just made us so close. “I don’t think you would be able to shoot this kind of show without having a very close relationship.” Heughan is no stranger to heaping praise on his co-stars, in particular, Balfe after their on-screen romance has been brought to life. Last month in his new memoir, Waypoints, Heughan even recalled the moment he knew he and Balfe had something special between Jamie and Claire. DON'T MISS:Outlander's Sam Heughan on reason for sharing ‘eating disorder' ordealOutlander season 7 trailer teases new character arrivalStarz confirms Outlander season 7 release date update During their audition, Heughan recalled how he and Balfe were tasked with performing a scene from season one’s infamous episode, The Reckoning. “In the heat of that moment, born from love and frustration, we literally began tearing at each other until the director called time on us,” Heughan penned. “It was intense, physically and emotionally. It left us breathless. “She was wrapped in my arms and I think we both know that Jamie and Claire had just come into existence together.” Claire and Jamie will undoubtedly have many more heartbreaking and emotional scenes together when season seven rolls around. Although judging by the Starz trailer for the upcoming episodes, Jamie had better act quickly as Claire looks in serious danger. The trailer shows a split-second shot of Claire moments before a public hanging with a noose around her neck, presumably as punishment for her deemed involvement in Malva Christie’s (Jessica Reynolds) murder. But will Jamie be able to save her in time or could season seven open up with Claire’s shock demise? Outlander season 7 premieres on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.