Haas have released images of their new 2023 livery to become the first team to reveal details of their new package. The car features an evocative white and black design with the vehicle plastered with their new Moneygram sponsor.  The logo of the financial services company is prominent on the front wing while Haas retains its branding on the rear wing. Haas confirmed Moneygram would become the team’s title sponsor back in October. However, the car is not the team’s final 2023 design which will be revealed when it runs at a shakedown event at Silverstone on February 11. The team last ran a black design in 2019 when they were sponsored by Rich Energy. Fans appeared happy at the team’s new design with a positive reaction on social media moments after launch. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher could have 'been a hero' like dad Michael    Sim racing experts GT Omega suggested Haas had taken inspiration from former F1 team Minardi. They posted: “Minardi Inspiration shining through solid 10/10.” Meanwhile, 2020 F1 Esports champion Marcel Keifer also praised the design, simply adding that the model was “pretty”. It’s a good fit for both parties with Moneygram being an American brand for the US-based team. The agreement is the constructor’s first title agreement since Russian backed Uralkali was axed ahead of last season.It is understood the new naming deal is worth around £16.2million ($20m) per season which will finally allow the squad to reach F1’s budget cap threshold. DON'T MISS Toto Wolff raises doubts over Mick Schumacher's F1 future [INSIGHT]Guenther Steiner snaps back at criticism of Haas' Ferrari relationship [ANALYSIS]Mazepin to make racing return after losing F1 seat due to Russia tie [COMMENT] Haas bounced back after a dismal 2021 to become one of the surprise packages of the year. The team challenged the midfield early on with Haas scoring points in three of the first four races. Kevin Magnussen then secured a shock pole position in a dramatic qualifying session in Brazil. However, team boss Guenther Steiner has claimed that despite the extra funds there are no plans to change their approach for 2023. He told Autosport: “We want to invest the money in the car. At the moment, whatever we have got, we invest in the car. There is nothing that you want to do outside at the moment. “The system we have got, we just want to stabilise it and just make sure that we use everything to make the car go quick, nothing else. We are not focusing on other stuff, [saying] ‘oh we want to do this ourselves’ - no. “Let’s stabilise how we do it now, and then if we want to change something, change it after, because otherwise if you try to do too much, we trip over.”   