The bank’s Regular Saver Account has recently increased its interest rate for new and existing customers. Now, savers will be able to benefit from a rate of seven percent AER/Gross, fixed for a 12 month period. first direct urges people to open the account as “the future you will say thanks” for getting into a “good savings habit”. With this account, Britons can save between £25 and £300 a month, up to £3,600 per year. New and existing customers may be able to benefit from this rate which is one of the most competitive on the market. The interest rate is variable, and so subject to change - up or down - but many will want to act to secure the seven percent offer. READ MORE: Energy bills rise today for millions despite price guarantee For example, if a person saves £300 every month for 12 months and gets the seven percent rate, they will earn £136.50 in gross interest. Interest is calculated on this account daily, and is paid out 12 months after a person opened the account. To be eligible, a person must already hold a first direct 1st account - the bank’s current account. The account can only be opened in sole names, and only one account per person is allowed. DON'T MISSBarclays issues warning to Britons after man scammed on doorstep [WARNING]HMRC warning as ‘most pressing’ tax deadline looms in weeks [UPDATE]Expat pensioners affected in 2023 - state pension, NHS and more [INSIGHT] With this account, savers should be aware partial withdrawals are not permitted. Those who choose to close their account before the end of the 12 moth period will get interest up to the date of closure at the bank’s variable rate. first direct explains: “At the end of the term the balance of your account together with any interest earned will be paid into a sole Savings Account. “If you currently don’t hold a Savings Account, we'll open a new account and transfer your funds to this.” READ MORE: Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year To apply for a Regular Saver, first direct says customers can download and log onto the bank’s app, or submit their application via online banking. The first payment is taken from the 1st account on the day the Regular Saver is opened. This is followed by another 11 monthly payments which can only be made by standing order from a 1st account. Thankfully, first direct set up this arrangement for savers, so they will not have to worry about the administrative process. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Managing the account can also be done via the app or online banking. If a person wants to amend their standing order, this can be done between £25 and £300 in multiples of five. However, savers can only make one standing order payment to their account in any one month. Once set up, the date of the standing order payment needs to remain the same.