On Monday, the Australian talk show, The Project discussed current affairs which included Prince Harry’s newly released memoir, Spare. As the host, Sarah Harris spoke on the royal’s interview with Anderson Cooper before she slammed him for unveiling family secrets.  Prince Harry’s memoir, Spare has landed on shelves in the UK today and will provide his side of the struggles he and his wife Meghan Markle faced with the Royal Family. However, just days leading up to its release, explosive details from the book were leaked and highly scrutinised by critics. The Duke of Sussex also sat down for a tell-all interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby and CNN’s Anderson Cooper to shed light on his decision to write the autobiography. However, Sarah Harris questioned what the prince was trying to achieve by opening up about his life. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill'    Speaking to her co-hosts, Sarah asked: “What is all that cheap stuff? What is that cheap stuff that he brings up in the book? What does that achieve though? “(He) talked about his and his brother's circumcisions. It's just stuff you don't need to know about.” Her co-host Steve Price also chimed in and suggested the Duke blasted his family for a paycheck. “He won't give up his title, he's selling his family's secrets including that he saw his grandmother the Queen dead in bed, for money.”   Steve added: “He's flogging a book, he's gone to Netflix, he's done the Oprah interview. It's all about him and Meghan making money out of flogging royal secrets.” The host also criticised Prince Harry’s “justification” that the book was written to “protect his wife". As Steve stated: “He didn't need to go public with any of this.” Prince Harry addressed his and Prince William’s circumcision in his novel to put rumours to bed. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's home in danger as stars flee Montecito due to storm [NEWS]Harry and Meghan told they have 'destroyed goodwill' with Britons [INSIGHT]  He wrote: “There were countless stories in books, and papers (even The New York Times) about Willy and me not being circumcised." The Duke of Sussex claimed the reports were all inaccurate and revealed he and Prince William had been “snipped”. Among other details, reports claimed Prince Harry had opened up about him and Prince William begging King Charles not to marry Camilla, following the death of Princess Diana. The Prince also spoke about his mother’s passing, the lasting impact it had on his life and how it led him to a woman who “claimed to have powers".  “Your mother says that you are living the life that she couldn't live,” Harry says the woman told him. “You're living the life she wanted for you.” Princess Diana was killed in a tragic car crash in 1997 when he was 12 years old. Additionally, Prince Harry shared the moment his father broke the news to him, writing that Charles, who Harry says was not good at sharing his feelings under "normal circumstances" did not offer him a hug. 