The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have signed several multi-million-pound deals since relinquishing their senior royal roles and moving to the US three years ago. The pair have struck up agreements with Netflix and Spotify as well as Penguin Random House to produce books, podcasts, and docuseries. The slew of lucrative ventures has helped the couple amass an estimated value of more than $135million.  After leaving the Firm, the Sussexes largely relied on Harry’s inheritance from his late mother, Princess Diana, estimated at $10 million. Prince Harry also received the largest portion of the £14 million ($17 million) inheritance from Elizabeth, the Queen Mother. The pair, whose expenses up until then were largely paid by King Charles III through the Duchy of Cornwall - stopped receiving money from the Royal Family, and had to find a way of making their own money. Harry is rumoured to have received a $20 million advance for his bombshell memoir, Spare, which became the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK, selling more than 1.4 million copies on its release day. In September 2020, the couple are believed to have signed a five-year, $100 million deal with Netflix to produce documentaries, docuseries, feature films, scripted shows and children’s programmes.    Harry and Meghan are also in the process of working on another seven-part series for the streaming giant featuring interviews with leaders around the world, entitled 'Live to Lead'. Meanwhile, Heart of Invictus, a docuseries following a group of injured service members preparing for the Invictus Games, is expected to be released later this year.  Another company started by the couple, Archewell Productions, is believed to have penned a three-year deal worth an estimated $25 million to produce podcasts for Spotify. The Duchess launched her podcast 'Archetypes with Meghan' last year, as part of the deal.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's titles in jeopardy, new poll shows In 2021, Meghan also released a children's picture book entitled The Bench that reportedly landed her an advance of up to $618,000. In addition to their media enterprises, Harry also holds the title of “chief impact officer” for a Silicon Valley executive coaching and mental health start-up called BetterUp.  Both Harry and Meghan are also believed to have joined Ethic - a company that invests in sustainable projects and companies - as 'Impact officers'. Speaking about the couple, Ethic's website says: "They’re deeply committed to helping address the defining issues of our time — such as climate, gender equity, health, racial justice, human rights, and strengthening democracy — and understand that these issues are inherently interconnected.   “So much so, in fact, that they became investors in Ethic earlier this year and have investments managed by Ethic as well.” It is not clear how much money Prince Harry makes in his roles for Ethic and BetterUp, or Travalyst Limited - a London nonprofit that promotes sustainable travel - which he also works for. Despite their booming media empire and big cash deals, Harry and Meghan have previously committed to distributing part of the funds to causes close to their hearts. They announced in October 2022 that they would distribute $1 million grants to women who “serve as inspiration to young individuals” in partnership with the VING Project. Harry's publisher, Penguin Random House, also said the Duke planned to support British charities with donations from the book’s proceeds, including roughly $671,000 to nonprofit WellChild and $1.5 million to Sentebale, an organization he cofounded to help children in Southern Africa at risk of HIV.