The biggest cause of mould around windows in the winter months is condensation. This occurs when the warm air inside a home hits the glass where it is rapidly cooled by the outside air. Even with ventilating my home daily and using a dehumidifier in a variety of different rooms, a small amount of mould starting to grow around the window seals. I wanted to get rid of it immediately, so I reached for my trusty Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. Olivia Young, Astonish’s Cleaning Chemist, told Express.co.uk: “Mould and mildew are forms of fungus, typically associated with humid or wetter seasons so the colder weather we experience in winter is the prime time for it to develop. “When the weather becomes cold and we turn our heating on at home, the manufactured warmth reacts with the cooler conditions outside. “This reaction, of hot air with cold windows or the rising warmth into cooler attic spaces, causes a build up of condensation which is the perfect environment for both mould and mildew to thrive. “Areas such as windows and shower curtains are the most common places for mould to expand and grow, as a result of the precipitation and dew. READ MORE: Mum deep cleans sofa using 16p cupboard ingredient “Doorways and places where moisture collects on the ground are also common culprits, as well as any areas where there may be leaks or openings, allowing the moisture to make its way inside.” I wasn’t sure if this product was going to work around the windows, but decided to give it a go as it is the only mould cleaning product I have and use in my cupboard and the mould hadn’t gotten out of hand. I’ve used this product for years, targeting mould in grout as well as bathroom tiles so was excited to see if it could also work on windows. The description of the product on Astonish’s website reads: “Our Mould and Mildew blasts away tough stains and effectively removes mould and mildew stains in minutes. DON'T MISS:Five ‘essential’ factors to consider when picking paint colours [EXPERT]I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how [PICTURES]Interior designer shares 5 home decor pieces to ‘avoid’ splurging on [EXPLAINER] “For a long lasting cleaning solution, use regularly to help prevent the return of mould. Spray, leave for a few minutes then rinse or wipe clean. On vertical surfaces apply via a sponge or cloth to avoid run off.” To start cleaning the windows and seals, I made sure nothing was on the windowsills and made sure my pets were out of the room. I then took the spray and squirted it onto the targeted areas, making sure everywhere I was going to scrub was covered. As per Astonish’s instructions, I left it to work for a few minutes before taking my cleaning toothbrush and lightly scrubbing the affected areas. READ MORE: Method to clean your whole washing machine with no scrubbing Cheap toothbrushes are great when it comes to cleaning the home as they can help to reach all the nooks and crannies a normal cloth or sponge wouldn’t be able to reach. The mould started to instantly dislodge and melt away and I didn’t need to scrub very hard for this to happen. After I had covered all of the areas I wanted to, I took a little bit of water on some kitchen roll to wipe up the product and mould before putting it into the bin. I then wiped over the windows again with a dry microfibre cloth and made sure to ventilate the rooms for an hour or so to get rid of the smell. Despite the product being apple scented, it is formulated with a powerful bleach action so it does have a strong scent. Britons should make sure they use gloves if their hands were to come into contact with the product. Overall, the spray worked really well and the entire cleaning job was done without any elbow grease, and I was left with mould-free and clean windows. Astonish’s product is definitely a staple in my cleaning cupboard and is one of the best budget-friendly products on the market. It can be purchased from a variety of different retailers including supermarkets as well as Wilko for as little as 95p.