Liverpool can't catch a break with their injury crisis with Darwin Nunez now reportedly 'fighting to be fit' for the game against Brighton this weekend after picking up a knock. Jurgen Klopp has been without both Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz for several months now with the attacking pair not expected back until March at the earliest.  Roberto Firmino has also been unavailable since the restart of the season following the World Cup due to a calf issue. It's meant that both Nunez and Mohamed Salah have played every game for Liverpool since the post-World Cup resumption. Cody Gakpo's arrival has helped give Klopp more options in attack, but he will need time to get up to speed in Klopp's squad. But the Liverpool boss has been dealt another setback this week with the Telegraph reporting Nunez has picked up a knock. It's claimed that Nunez has missed training for the past few days and he's now a doubt for the game against Brighton on Saturday. The injury is said to be 'minor' and Liverpool haven't officially ruled Nunez out of playing against Brighton. But it's the latest injury setback for Klopp, who is also without Virgil van Dijk after he suffered a hamstring issue against Brentford. Liverpool have also been without Arthur Melo, Jordan Henderson and James Milner, but the latter two are expected to be back soon. But Nunez will be a huge miss for Klopp if he's unavailable against Brighton with the Uruguayan being a focal point of Liverpool's attack.  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.