Weened off Santa Claus and the tooth fairy, we have clung to childish notions of perfect love matches, saintly bereaved brothers marching side by side through life, and her late Majesty's stoic unselfishness permeating through the generations. We are not, of course, entirely to blame. If you bestrewed your house with bunting, stood for hours in the rain waving a flag, and queued for days to pay respects at your monarch's funeral, then you have to believe that the individuals and the institution are special. Indeed, Elizabeth II did personify everything we most aspired to. She was dutiful, indefatigable, sustained by her faith, beloved by her family. So successful was she at being better than most of us that we've managed a whole lot of forgiving and forgetting where her descendants are concerned. Frankly, we want to feel fondness for the Windsors. We appreciate their service and realise how wretched we'd feel after one-week of ribbon-cutting in their goldfish bowl. Harry is trying to put a stop to that. He is rupturing our suspended disbelief and tearing down the theatrical curtain. But what if we don't want warts-and-all stories of frost-bitten todgers, or rows over beards, parking spaces, and lip gloss, or lectures on subconscious racism? We may not be ready for exposure to private conversations, cocaine consumption at 17, or the minute details of the night Charles told Harry his mother had died. It's simultaneously too much and too little. The truth is epic because our illusions are shattered but desperately mundane because Harry's petty grievances and festering feuds are exactly like ours. There's nothing regal about a kitchen punch-up, nothing blueblooded about two squabbling sisters-in-law bickering over the phrase "baby brain". We are left floundering and angry. You only have to say "Meghan" in mixed company to see that. We are also disappointed and sad. Poor Harry! No chap would sell out his family so brutally if he were happy. Poor Charles! What a devastating indictment of his parenting. Poor William! Every word must hurt him. And poor us! We are suffering from acute case of "too much information" and we can't unhear or unsee a single uncomfortable word. Mariella Frostrup and I are both 60. Yes, I know we're both miracles of nature and look not an hour older than 37 in the right light. But if ever you needed proof that there's no such thing as one homogeneous attitude in the vintage years, here it is. Mariella says: "I'm on the lookout for fresh discoveries, places less travelled, experiences unexplored. It feels like an urgent quest for the new. I don't want to tootle on in the same way." I feel the opposite. Apart from two nights in Rome in 2022 - a gorgeous birthday present from my daughter - I spend every single precious holiday moment in magical East Cork. Antiquity seems to have killed my wanderlust. I know time is running out and there's a great glistening globe out there but I am content with the roaring Atlantic Ocean, Cashel Blue on still-warm soda bread, and a pint at the Blackbird in Ballycotton. Sir Paul McCartney's daughter Mary says her dad was almost run over on the famous Abbey Road zebra crossing while the revered 80-year-old was attempting to recreate the legendary album cover for a Disney documentary she was filming. "This car totally didn't stop for him," she said. I deny all knowledge of the incident, of course, but please spare a thought for those of us who live nearby. Pilgrims flock there 24 hours a day every day, including Christmas Day, hellbent on re-enacting that immortal moment for Instagram. We locals need split-second timing to drive through the logjam without any tourists flinging themselves on our bonnets. Let's just conclude that we inhabitants of NW8 wish they'd all have a stupendous trip - to the Tower of London! Will I be cancelled if I admit to preferring bathing to showering? While I'm not saying I luxuriate that often, I love deliciously topping up the hot water by turning the tap with my toe as I wallow beneath clouds of fragrant bubbles. But even before the cost of living crisis, bathing morphed from a daily pleasure to a weekly treat. Time pressure, planet pressure and water conservation pressure put baths on the same desirable yet rationed plane as fresh cream, Belgian chocolates and vintage port. Now, the sad news that the cost of running a bath will almost double in 2023 and Yorkshire Water has added the revelation that the price for tub-filling will on average top £1,000 per household. This will mean more grappling with gel beneath the cascade and less sipping sherry while perusing Barbara Pym in the claw-foot tub. Needs must. The PM won't say if he has a private healthcare plan - and why should he? It's personal business. Why object if he does? If he pays for treatment, isn't that good news for people waiting for theirs? It takes the Sunaks out of the queue and into a hospital where they will have to pay for everything from breakfast to bandages. Any doctor there will be private or will care for them after completing their NHS workload. The NHS burden is lightened. Why would anyone object to Rishi paying for treatment when they'd be happy if he bought a car or holiday? Attending The Lion King premiere, where Prince Harry once famously asked Disney's top brass if his wife could do a few voiceovers, I spotted a woman so breathtakingly beautiful I had to compliment her. No, it wasn't Meghan. It wasn't even Beyoncé who adorned the red carpet with her customary glamour. It was Maya Jama attired in couture and so luminously lovely I couldn't take my eyes off her. She was friendly, modest, and self-deprecating. Just wait to see the sizzle she'll bring to the new series of Love Island.