Brenda Blethyn, who plays the lead character in TV crime series Vera, quickly became besotted with husband Michael Mayhew but initially feared he didn't feel the same. Not only did it take her "unromantic" beau 35 years to propose to her, but she had originally thought he was trying to chat up a barmaid instead of her. Revealing the instant attraction she felt, the 75-year-old actress reminisced: "I was besotted with him when we first met at the National Theatre. "I was at the bar and I heard him say, ‘Are you hungry?’, but he wasn’t looking at me but the barmaid." The disappointed actress looked away, believing she'd missed her chance with Michael. However, as she later recalled to The Daily Mail: "He said, ‘Well, are you?’, and I realised he was talking to me after all." READ NOW: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Despite her passion for her husband, she has since admitted that he is not the most romantic of partners. In fact, she revealed that the pair only decided to tie the knot after 35 years because it seemed "the sensible thing to do" in case one of them "popped our clogs". It took 35 years for Michael to finally pop the question - and when he did, it wasn't in person, but over Skype. The pair were in separate countries at the time, and when she asked him to get down on one knee, as is customary, he "disappeared" from the screen altogether. In spite of their marriage not seeming very romantic, and Brenda admitting they have very little "in common", the actress adores him. Sadly, she had to be apart from her other half during lockdown when work commitments forced her to form a bubble with her co-star Kenny Doughty instead of her husband. She and Kenny, who plays the role of Vera's sidekick DS Aiden Healy, lived in apartments next door to one another as they prepared for the eleventh series of the famous crime drama. "As [we had] a lot of scenes together, and especially in the Land Rover, it was decided we should be in a bubble," she explained to the Radio Times. DON'T MISS... Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage [LATEST] Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INTERVIEW] Jeremy Clarkson blasts council for 'banning' book sales on his farm [DEBATE]  "Very nice for me – not so for him!" she chortled. "We weren’t allowed visitors – even my husband wasn’t allowed to visit unless he’d been tested or quarantined.” Brenda was willing to make the sacrifice so that the show could go on, due to a strong work ethic which she said had been instilled in her by her parents. "My parents worked until their dying days, and I fully expect to be doing the same," she explained, reassuring fans that Vera wouldn't be going anywhere any time soon. "They instilled that work ethic in me; if you want to earn some money, you've got to work for it," she told Good Housekeeping. "I enjoy being busy, too, so I'll always find something to do, even if it's painting a wall!" Meanwhile, the intimate gathering she enjoyed when she got married to Michael consisted of family members only - and co-star Timothy Spall. Vera airs tonight on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm.