They warned that, by boasting in his book Spare of killing 25 Taliban insurgents, the Duke of Sussex has elevated himself and his family into one of the world’s top security risks, alongside Russian president Vladimir Putin and former US leader Donald Trump. SAS hero Andy McNab said Harry’s comments were “unwise”, adding “as we have seen for decades, extremists don’t care how they get to targets as long as they do.” As a result, the Duke will face a bill of £5.5million a year for round-the-clock protection needed to keep him, wife Meghan, 41 and children Archie, three and Lilibet, 19 months, safe. His comments about his kill tally as a combat helicopter pilot in Afghanistan have provoked outrage across the Middle East, sparking online death threats against him and other royals. Harry, 38, writes in his bombshell memoir that killing 25 Taliban fighters was like “chess pieces taken off the board”. The Duke, who served two tours, claimed he did not see the enemy and did not feel pride or shame over the deaths. Mr McNab, a former SAS soldier turned author whose identity since going undercover in Northern Ireland in the 1980s, said Harry was already a “high-value target” for his tours of duty in Afghanistan. The 63-year-old Bravo Two Zero writer added boasting about his Taliban kills will not be forgotten by extremists – as was seen with the stabbing of Satanic Verses author Sir Salman Rushdie, 75, in New York last summer. That came 34 years after an Iranian fatwa calling for his death. Mr McNab said: “They have long memories and they obviously have people in the US. Harry has made himself more of a target. “The threats against him will have to be taken seriously everywhere now.”  The Prince’s comments also angered military chiefs, with a general who commanded troops in Afghanistan branding them “ghoulish and completely unnecessary”. Col Richard Kemp accused Harry of “stabbing his fellow comrades in the back”. He said: “Harry’s comments imply the Army conditions soldiers to see chess pieces to be taken out. “The reality is that the Army does not train soldiers to perceive anyone on the battlefield as chess pieces. And it is a stab in the back to those who fought alongside him to say it.” And Admiral Lord West, the former head of the Navy, warned Harry has jeopardised security at September’s Invictus Games. He told the Sunday Mirror: “The Games is very much labelled to him and so I would have thought the threat level there will definitely be higher. “There will be serious security issues because of what he said.” Security arrangements for the Sussexes could come into sharp focus when they next visit the UK, as the Duke is fighting a legal battle with the Home Office for his family to be granted automatic police protection. Chris Phillips, a former Metropolitan Police chief inspector in charge of organising security for high-profile events, said: “Harry’s comments have ensured his family will require 24/7 security for the rest of his life and beyond because he has also placed a target firmly on the back of his children. “We know Islamic extremists can be patient.” Top US security expert Kent Moyer agreed, saying Harry has condemned his wife and children to a “lifetime of looking over their shoulders in fear”. The boss of the Beverly Hills-based World Protection Group said the Duke’s comments put his family in “immediate” danger at their five-acre mansion in Montecito, California. Mr Moyer said: “There are highly motivated people who will bide their time to launch an attack.”  Friends of William and Harry warned “loyalty works both ways” and they had plenty of dirt to dish out on the Duke of Sussex. They said the Prince of Wales had “always been there to pick up the pieces for Harry” and does not have any hidden skeletons. But they say Harry has a history of getting pals to clean up his mess and once-loyal friends are now considering debunking his claims. They said William was “a sitting duck as Harry knows he isn’t going to retaliate” and the onslaught in Spare was “cruel, cowardly and so sad for William”. While outwardly he was trying to follow the example set by his late grandmother, “inside he’s burning”. A friend of the Royal Family told the Sunday Times: “I don’t know how you can do that to your brother, even if you don’t like or get on with him anymore. I can’t believe he’d stoop so low. It’s outrageously disloyal.” Another said: “Harry is good at getting his narrative out there but we know so much, we’ve cleaned up so many messes over the years, there is so much we could say.”  The Duke of Sussex’s revelations in his book are the sort that usually “come from B-list celebrities”, a friend of the King has declared. Broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby – who interviewed Charles in 1994 when the then-Prince of Wales admitted to having an affair – said he was “perplexed” by Harry’s decision to publish Spare. Mr Dimbleby, 78, told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme he imagines the King is “extremely pained” and “frustrated” by the ongoing spat, as well as “anxious to bring it to an end”. He said of the memoir: “There are obviously revelations about how he lost his virginity, taking drugs and how many people he feels he might have shot down in Afghanistan from his Apache, but those are the kinds of revelations in part that you would expect…from a kind of B-list celebrity.” And he said a “wise counsellor” may have told him not to go public with his feelings if he did want to reconcile with his family. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea