The latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) have revealed that the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation for December fell slightly to 10.5 percent. This is a slight drop from the 10.7 percent rate of inflation for the month before and could be a sign that the country’s economic conditions are improving. Despite this, the Bank of England is still expected to increase interest rates “higher” than 4.25 percent, according to some analysts. In order to control the impact of inflation on the economy, the central bank has raised the base rate nine consecutive times since March 2022. The base rate is the interest rate at which the Bank of England charges high street banks, building societies and lenders. Currently, the base rate is setting at 3.5 percent but experts believe this will rise past 4.25 percent even with inflation showing signs of slowing down. Households have been dealt a double whammy of inflation-hiked prices and soaring interest rates in recent months. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come While savers have been able to benefit slightly from these rate hikes, those with mortgages and debt repayments have been forced to pay more as a result. On top of this, the interest rates currently being offered on savings accounts can not directly compete with the current rate of inflation. For example, one of the most enticing offerings on the market is a seven percent rate from first direct on one of its products. Under current forecasts, this looks set to continue with experts predicting more intervention from the Bank of England going forward. Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, shared where he thinks inflation will end up by the end of 2023. He explained: “The drop in inflation to 10.5 percent in December firmly establishes that inflation is on its way down. “How quickly headline inflation falls will largely depend on whether energy prices stay at their current levels or rebound. “If they stay where they are now, inflation may be a full percentage point lower by the end of the year.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Under previous forecasts from the Bank of England, the UK has been expected to fall into a recession later this year. However, with the latest gross domestic product (GDP) figures suggesting signs of growth in the economy, the depth to how long any potential recession will be may be reviewed. Despite this, Mr Pugh believes a “shallower recession” than expected may result in the central bank raising the base rate even further. The economist added: “However, falling inflation doesn’t mean the end of interest rate hikes. Core inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, is coming down much more slowly, and the labour market remains extremely tight. “It will be touch and go as to whether the MPC will opt for a 25 or a 50 basis point rise in February, but the risk is that stickier wages and a shallower recession mean that interest rates have to go higher than the 4.25 percent we currently expect. “The fall in inflation was mainly driven by falling goods inflation as the surge in demand and supply disruptions after the pandemic continued to unwind.” According to the ONS’ figures, services inflation rose from 6.3 percent in November to 6.8 percent in December. This is considered a better indicator of domestically generated inflation, increasing from 6.3 percent in November to 6.8 percent in December. Mr Pugh believes this type of inflation will give the Bank of England pause for concern and means a 50 basis point hike “looking increasingly likely”.