Brazilians have turned out on the streets to bid an emotional farewell to their national hero Pele after the World Cup legend died last week at the age of 82. The three-time World Cup winner passed away on December 29 after a battle with cancer and supporters ensured they did not miss the chance to say their last goodbye at his funeral. Pele scored 77 goals in 92 appearances for Brazil and helped his country lift the World Cup in 1958, 1962 and 1970. The legendary player spent almost the entirety of his club career playing for Santos. And Santos confirmed that they would be hosting his funeral on Monday. A hearse carrying the coffin of the former Santos star arrived at Vila Belmiro Stadium drove through the streets with an escort of cars lined up in front and behind. Fans were seen camped on the side of the roads waiting for their last glimpse of the Brazilian footballer before his funeral. It is expected that hundreds of thousands of people were in attendance for the funeral to pay tribute to the footballer, widely recognised as one of the greatest to grace the game. READ MORE: Tributes to 'King' Pele - Brazil in mourning for its hero According to The Mirror, Pele's last wish was to choose the ninth floor of a cemetery in his beloved home city of Santos for his final resting place. The location is thought to be a homage to the player's father Dondinho, who wore the No 9 shirt as a player. His devoted fans believe that Pele will be able to oversee his favourite football pitch for eternity due to the height of his burial site, with the Santos stadium only half a mile away. The report adds that the coffin will be a special golden colour and it will have 'several carvings and etchings of iconic Pele images' on the sides of it as his family and close friends prepare for the emotional funeral on Tuesday. Outgoing Brazilian president Jair Bolsonaro had signed a decree on Thursday that stated there would be three days of official mourning following Pele's death. “Official mourning is declared throughout the country, for a period of three days, counted from the date of publication of this decree, as a sign of regret for the death of Edson Arantes do Nascimento, Pele, a former football player.” Bolsonaro had previously taken to Twitter to pay his respects to Pele. “With regret the passing of a man, who through football, took the name of Brazil to the world,” he wrote. “He turned football into art and joy. May God comfort your family and welcome you into his infinite mercy.”