GOP politician Kevin McCarthy has finally secured enough votes to be elected Speaker of the House. Out of the 428 votes cast, McCarthy received 216 while the Democrats' candidate, Hakeem Jeffries, got 212.   On the fourth day of the impasse, he received 216 votes after managing to flip a total of 14 representatives-elect in his favour after lengthy negotiations. As the voting on the fouth day of voting reached over 12 hours, chants of “one more time” erupted on the House floor, as lawmakers appeared poised to hold another round of votes to nominate a speaker after the unsuccessful 14th attempt. When it was finally decided, the Republican side erupted into noisy applause and celebrations, with House clerk Cheryl Johnson receiving a standing ovation. There were chants of "USA! USA!" when the result was announced. Mr McCarthy said in response to his election: "My father always told me, it’s now how you start, it’s how you finish." Keen to confront President Joe Biden and the Democrats, he promised subpoenas and investigations, declaring: "Now. the hard work begins." President Biden said it was now time to govern responsibly. With a speaker elected, the House will finally be able to start swearing in newly-elected lawmakers who had been waiting all week for the chamber to formally open and the 2023-24 session to begin. After four days of ballots, Mr McCarthy turned a dozen conservative holdouts into supporters, including the chairman of the chamber’s Freedom Caucus.  "That was easy, huh?" quipped the new Speaker to laughter from the chamber. He thanked House clerk Cheryl Johnson, who effectively ran the lower chamber of Congress over the last four days during 15 gruelling votes. Mr McCarthy told the Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries, that their political differences may be passionate but will never be personal. The new Speaker may be glowing in his win but chaos preceded his electoral victory. The former House Minority Leader failed 14 times to secure enough votes to serve as Speaker. The stalemate meant some of the key functions of the House, like forming committees and swearing in new members, were put on hold. His repeated defeats resulted in increasingly desperate pleas to hardline members of the party for even more concessions and after Donald Trump‘s public appeal to lawmakers to rally behind him. The chaotic process suggests the Republican party is struggling to establish its identity post-Trump. Mr McCarthy's desperate attempts to court the party's more extreme factions did not go unnoticed by democrats. On Twitter, Rep Eric Swalwell of California wrote: "Two years ago insurrectionists failed to take over the Capitol. Tonight Kevin McCarthy let them take over the Republican Party." Pennsylvania congressman Brendan Boyle said the deadlocked vote had shown a "completely dysfunctional House GOP majority with an emasculated Speaker". And Rep Don Beyer of Virginia expressed concern over the angry scenes among Republicans that followed the failed 14th vote. "Unsettling that this process ends in threats of violence in the House Chamber, on this of all days," he wrote.