Manchester United and Chelsea have both reportedly shown interest in pursuing Brentford shot-stopper David Raya this summer. Tottenham are also keen on the Spain international as they look to find a long-term successor for veteran goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, who is coming to the end of his career at the club. Raya has been a key figure in Brentford’s success since they have been promoted to the Premier League. The goalkeeper has produced numerous outstanding saves over the course of his one-and-a-half seasons in the top flight, but it is his distribution that has earned him the most admirers. The 27-year-old has shone with his ability to play out from the back, as well as play long balls forward to kickstart counterattacks when his forwards are unmarked. And with United and Chelsea looking to build a possession-based side, The Telegraph report that both sides are set to battle for Raya’s signature. The goalkeeper is expected to leave Brentford at the end of the season once he has entered the final 12 months of his contract. Raya is showing no signs of penning a new deal with Thomas Frank’s side, meaning that this summer is the last true chance that the Bees can cash in on his services, with a bid in the region of £20million expected to be accepted. Tottenham have shown the most interest in Raya previously, with the former Blackburn star seen as the ideal successor of Lloris. Antonio Conte’s side are also weighing up other options, such as Jordan Pickford and Robert Sanchez, but feel that a good opportunity in Raya is presenting itself. United are also in the market for a long-term goalkeeper, with David de Gea yet to agree on a contract extension at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag is keen to retain the services of the Spaniard but is reluctant for the club to activate the one-year extension clause in his contract as he reportedly would like all players to earn £200,000-per-week or less. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has sung the praises of Raya previously, following his side's 3-3 draw with Brentford in 2021. Speaking after the match, he said: “He should have a No 10 on his back, with the balls he played. That's tricky to defend but we should have done better.” It remains to be seen whether a bidding war ensues for Raya at the end of the season, with Chelsea also looking at the goalkeeper and already showing previously that they are not afraid to put significant offers on the table.