Aston Martin boss Mike Krack feared the team would face a “war of words” with Christian Horner after suggestions the team copied Red Bull’s car design. The British marque introduced a new B-spec model at the Spanish Grand Prix which appeared similar to the Red Bull design. This was met with allegations the team had copied the model with the new car dubbed the “Green Bull”. In a cheeky dig, Horner was even spotted drinking a lime Red Bull on the pit wall after the car was revealed. Krack has denied the team copied Red Bull’s design and admits he was angry at the accusations. He also suggested the team were “relaxed” about the upgrade and distanced themselves from any confirmation early on. The Aston Martin team principal said: “Frustration is the wrong word because we knew that, we anticipated that this will happen. I think we would have maybe taken it more on board if there was any truth in it. We really did our stuff. READ MORE: David Coulthard tells Christian Horner to expect more criticism "We knew that this might come and I think if you look back, we were quite relaxed about it and there was no war of words from our side. It calmed down in the meantime and we have moved on." The biggest similarities between the two constructors' cars were the sidepods and the venting. The FIA investigated Aston Martin’s car after they noted the new features had a resemblance to their rivals' concept. However, the governing body later confirmed the car was compliant after checking Aston Martin’s CAD designs. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen puzzled by Lewis Hamilton crash woes as he aims jibe [INSIGHT]Ferrari suffers same fate as Red Bull as details on 2023 F1 leaked [ANALYSIS]Red Bull 2023 car details leaked after Horner comments [COMMENT] red bull But, Red Bull warned any transfer of components would be a breach of regulations and a “serious concern”. Horner then appeared to hit out at Aston Martin, suggesting they had chosen to clone their model. He commented: “It is quite a thing to instruct your team to come up with a very close-looking clone of our car. A few people have moved over the winter period, and what you can’t control is what they take in their heads. “But what would be of grave concern to us would be if any IP had in any way changed hands.”