Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon are set to be joined by Strictly Come Dancing’s Bruno Tonioli when the latest series of Britain’s Got Talent begins filming. However, ahead of the first batch of auditions, Alesha and Amanda are reportedly stuck in a battle over salaries. The two female judges are reportedly furious over Bruno’s pay packet. Amanda and Alesha are refusing to sign their contracts after being told the newest member of the team will also receive the same salary. The three judges will be compensated £850,000 for their role, according to reports by The Sun. A source said: “Amanda has been on BGT for 17 years, while Alesha is going into her eleventh year. Read more: The Masked Singer viewers 'expose' Pigeon as iconic TOWIE star  “They don’t think it’s fair a newcomer could walk into the show and be handed the same deal as them. “It’s a bit of a headache for BGT given filming for the next series begins at the London Palladium on Tuesday. “Bruno was still ironing out his contract on Friday too so it’s all very much down to the wire. “Negotiations over pay and the minutiae of the contracts are expected to go on throughout today.”    Britain’s Got Talent has been plunged into chaos over Amanda and Alesha’s refusal to sign their contracts. The competition is set to begin filming this week as Bruno prepares for his first batch of auditions. Amanda and Alesha allegedly won’t sign their contracts until their “issues over pay” have been addressed. “Initially there was a seven-figure pay deal on the table for Bruno but this was lowered over fears of a backlash — and now them getting the same figure has caused a rift,” the source continued. DON'T MISSAmanda Holden's lookalike daughter is set to follow in her footsteps [INSIGHT]David Walliams jokes he’s ‘irrelevant’ on Britain’s Got Talent  [VIDEO]Amanda Holden gives opinion on Simon Cowell BGT replacement [INTERVIEW] “Amanda and Alesha are united on this and they will not budge,” a show source told The Sun. “Amanda and Alesha are strong, talented and capable women who work extremely hard. “And rightly they don’t think it is fair a newcomer could walk into the show and be handed the same deal as them.” A representative for Britain’s Got Talent declined to comment.    Alan Carr had been heavily tipped to replace David Walliams before Bruno’s name was announced. The Dancing with the Stars judge has reportedly tripled his salary from the BBC with this new role. Bruno stepped down from Strictly Come Dancing when commitments to Dancing with the Stars, which is filmed in the US, meant he was unable to fulfil both roles. BGT is expected to air later this year.   