Taking to his official Twitter account, royal expert and author Robert Jobson claimed that, upon speaking about the life of a senior working royal, Prince Harry failed to view the position as a "privilege". In his tweet, Mr Jobson, who is one of Britain's leading royal commentators, wrote: "Harry and his book 'Spare' is missing the point." He continued: "Being a 'working royal' is a privilege.  Prince Harry's explosive memoir was released one week ago, on January 10. The 38-year-old used the memoir to reveal personal details about his time as a senior working royal, including claims that his elder brother, and current royal heir, Prince William physically attacked him in 2019. READ MORE: Princess Diana's therapist Julia Samuel warns against 'venting all feelings to all people' The book also explores the Duke of Sussex's life, starting from the death of his mother, the late Princess Diana, in 1997, when he was aged just 12. As well as documenting the fiery rivalry between him and William, Harry also accused his stepmother Camilla, the Queen Consort of lying with the "devil" and revealed the number of people he had killed during his time in the military. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced their departure from the Royal Family three years ago, in January 2020. The couple declared that they wished to "step back" in their positions as senior working members of the Royal Family, whilst still "continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". READ MORE: Prince Harry’s attacks on William would have ‘devastated’ Diana, claims ex butler They wished to "work to become financially independent" in their quest to "carve out a progressive new role within this institution". Following the news of their departure, which reportedly came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions", the couple moved to the US to begin a new life with their young son Archie, who is still sixth in line to the throne. At the time, the couple claimed that they wished to "balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America" and as well as supporting the late Queen, they would still honour their duty to the Commonwealth and within the patronages, which were bestowed upon them as senior working royals. DON'T MISS Prince Harry’s memoir made Royal Family ‘stronger and more respected’ (REVEAL)Has your opinion of the Royal Family changed since Spare? POLL (POLL)Harry barely conceals 'anger' over lies about Meghan (INSIGHT) Since relocating to the US, the couple welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana in June 2021. The chosen name for the couple's little girl, who turned one during the Platinum Jubilee weekend in 2022, honours the late Queen and Harry's late mother. The family-of-four now reside in Montecito in Los Angeles.