The Love Islanders were faced with a shock partial recoupling on Tuesday when new arrival Tom was tasked with choosing which girl he wanted to be paired up with. However, the drama is not over as in Wednesday’s instalment, bombshells Zara and David head into the South African villa. The first look clip begins with the Islanders reeling from Tom’s decision to steal Olivia Hawkins from Will Young. Shaq Muhammed comments: “That was intense. Something like that puts things into perspective I just want to keep you close.” Meanwhile, Haris Namani expresses doubts over a romantic connection with partner Anna-May Robey. “It sounds like you’re closing the door,” Ron Hall suggests before adding: “Are you now going to be stepping on Tom’s toes? Let the games begin.” Read more: Love Island star's secret plan if she's not ‘getting enough attention' The first look clip then shows the two bombshells making their way to a date area. David says: ‘When you’re against me, there’s no match. I’m a born winner.” Walking through a field in her metallic purple bikini, Zara added: “I’m not worried about breaking up any of the couples. Step aside ladies.” Teasing chaos, she stuck her tongue out and winked at the camera. Will she cause trouble for the rest of the girls as the guys’ heads look set to be turned? In the latest update from the villa, Love Island have teased the two bombshells may switch up the dynamics with the Islanders. As the Islanders continue to get to know each other, two of them will receive texts inviting them out of dates with the two new arrivals. One Islander admits: “I think having the two new bombshells will definitely mix things up, it will get people sweating a bit.” DON'T MISSMaya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [VIDEO]Love Island fans fume 'can't bear the cringe' minutes into new series [INSIGHT]Love Island's Kai Fagan has link to Coronation Street star  [INTERVIEW] Another says: “I’m absolutely buzzing a new girl is coming in!” Speaking about her love life ahead of entering the villa, Zara admitted: “My love life is a bit shambolic, so it would be nice to date in a different environment as whatever I’m doing at the minute isn’t working." She added: “I’m very loving to a fault, I am a Leo and people often think Leos are arrogant, but we’re just very self-assured, we love ourselves, but we have the same capacity to love other people." Despite her cheeky first impression, Zara explained she hopes to be a positive force in the villa. "I’m a massive hype girl, I’m very complimentary so I hope to keep the vibes up in the villa," she continued. "I’ll also bring spice, I’m a bit different and I don’t think there’s anyone in there that's like me so I reckon I’ll keep things interesting." Elsewhere, David admitted he can be "picky" when it comes to love. "I haven’t met the right one yet," he said. "The person you’re going to meet is never going to be perfect, but I’ve got my standards, yeah." Love Island airs on ITV2 daily at 9pm.