A family in the US has been reunited with their missing dog - who turned up a decade later 1,400 miles away. According to a post in a Facebook group for lost and found pets, the beagle was found in Caldwell, a city in the state of Idaho. He was taken to a nearby shelter to be scanned for a microchip and, as luck would have it, traced to an owner. That night, the owner listed in the microchip scan, Nicolle, received a call. Nicolle was asleep in another timezone when it came in and thought one of her dogs at home had escaped. Kiera gave her the address of the dog's found location and Nicolle replied: "I'm sorry where?" The finder then clarified that the dog was found in Idaho, which is a 1,400-mile drive from Wichita, where Nicolle lives. READ MORE: Puppy cruelly abandoned at airport saved from being put down by pilot who found him When Nicolle was told the missing pooch was a beagle, she was in shock. Her daughter, Alani, who had been given Roscoe the dog in 2013, recalled the moment. "We were in shock! This was crazy and seemed unreal. Without hesitation, we new he needed to be home again," she said in a post on Facebook. She continued: "A wonderful lady named Shae got him and took him home." DON'T MISSVideo shows boulder nearly crushing woman inside her home [LATEST]Father of kids fatally strangled begs for wife's forgiveness [REPORT]Woman accused of poisoning her friend with a cheesecake [UPDATE] Roscoe was back home and reunited with his family on January 15. "A small perfect beagle. We enjoyed many months with this pup," she said in a Facebook post of their first meeting 10 years ago. Then, Roscoe escaped from the family's yard, which set off a months-long search to find him. READ MORE: Family dog hailed a hero after protecting children stranded in the woods for four hours Months and months went by with no sign of Roscoe. Flyers and calls to local rescues only led to dead ends. No one ever reported seeing the dog. "We spent a while accepting the fact we would never find him again," Alani said. It's unclear how he got to Idaho and who had him the last eight years. In a heartfelt post, Alani thanked the volunteers for finding her dog. "These two amazing women are volunteer animal protectors. Without their love and help, we would never have seen a piece of our family again," she said. Shae DeBerry, the one who drove Roscoe home, highlighted the importance of scanning stray dogs for microchips. She wrote on Facebook: "It should be stated that if he had been wearing a collar with tags he would likely have been returned without a microchip scan to the WRONG person. Collars and tags have been put on stolen dogs many times. PLEASE SCAN FOR MICROCHIPS and ask for multiple forms of proof of ownership."