Russian TV host Vladimir Solovyov has broadcast footage of him visiting Russian soldiers preparing to go to Ukraine and delivering a ranting speech in an apparent attempt to raise morale. During the address, the gathered troops are forced to listen to Solovyov's rant about "satanism" before being reassured that there is no such thing as "death" or "pain". Solovyov told the gathered troops: "A Russian is born for the fulfillment of his duty. For as many centuries as Russia existed, during all of these centuries, it fights against evil. "Death does not exist, there is just a path to immortality. "There is no pain, there is only regret of not taking out more enemies." He added: "50 countries are against us! They are united by one thing: Satanism!"   Solovyov has made controversial statements before regarding the ongoing war in Ukraine. In a segment on his show "Evening with Vladimir Solovyov," Solovyov previously described the conflict as a "war against absolute Satanism, not at all against Ukraine." Solovyov, who is often referred to as "Putin's voice," is known for his pro-Russian rhetoric and has been accused of spreading propaganda and disinformation for the Kremlin. He has been sanctioned by the UK and the European Union for inciting violence and undermining the stability of Ukraine.  Additionally, Solovyov has made threats to "wipe Kyiv or Kharkiv off the face of the earth" on his television show. It comes after Ukraine President Zelensky told a meeting of world leaders at the World Economic Forum in Davos that Vladimir Putin could be dead. Mr Zelensky said in his speech: "Right now I don’t understand who to talk to. I am not sure whether the president of Russia is still alive. "I don’t understand that he’s still alive or that it is him particularly making decisions." He also urged the world to move faster because “tragedies are outpacing life; the tyranny is outpacing democracy.” Mr Zelensky, speaking by video link from Kyiv, said the world needs to react more rapidly to challenges like global security, climate change and hunger, saying there’s a "time crisis" that Russia exploits. He said his allies must not hesitate: “The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia’s vast missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks.” Mr Zelensky's address was delivered after UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres described the world as being in a "sorry state" because of interlinked challenges including climate change and Russia's war in Ukraine that are "piling up like cars in a chain reaction crash."