 Monday night saw the BBC host the official handover ceremony with the Mayor of Turin giving the Eurovision keys to Liverpool’s mayor, Joanne Anderson. However, as Rylan Clark and AJ Odudu revealed which countries would vote in which semi-final, viewers blasted the draw as they compared it to watching an FA Cup draw.    The anticipated Eurovision handover took place in Liverpool City on Monday evening as it became the official home for the upcoming competition. Although Ukraine took home the winning title in 2022, due to the ongoing conflict with Russia, the event was then given to the country which came in second place which was the United Kingdom's, Sam Ryder. For the first time in UK history, fans were able to watch the official handover take place on TV as the Mayor of Turin, Stefano Lo Russo attended the occasion to give the symbolic Eurovision keys to Liverpool’s mayor. During the Allocation Draw, viewers learned whether countries would participate in the first semi-final on May 9 or the second semi-final on Thursday, May 11. READ MORE:Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim  However, as the draw was taking place fans watching were quick to slam to process as they compared it to watching football. InedibleReading commented: “Don't get me wrong, I love Eurovision, but this pseudo football draw on BBC2 is utter tosh #Eurovision2023” JohnKeeno added: “Oh my god they think this is Football. Imagine attending this bo***cks. #Eurovision2023” DanBarratt8 said: “This #Eurovision2023 draw thing is the dullest thing I've ever watched. Thank god I'm not a football fan.”   Chlcrk tweeted: “Those waiting through a whole lot of faff for the #Eurovision2023 host city to be revealed are getting a taste of what every football competition draw has ever been like.” Although some were moved by the ceremony with HeIsTheCuz saying: “I can’t believe I’m saying this but I’m looking forward to repeating watching the Allocation Draw two or three times tonight and having another little happy cry.“ Twitter user KevinEurofanadded: “The fact we can feel that BBC is putting lots of effort in production is amazing like it feels nice, there was such a good vibe during the draw, full of life, etc I am very excited for Eurovision #Eurovision2023 Before the countries were drawn on the show, The One Show’s Alex Jones and Ronan Keating were speaking about the anticipated event. DON'T MISS... Silent Witness fans ‘at breaking point’ over Dr Nikki and Jack moment [REACTION] Love Island fans warn Lana to ‘run’ as Ron admits being a 'player' [LOVE ISLAND] Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree's son 'sobbing' over end of show [VIDEO]    During the show, she revealed her co-star had a part to play in the 2009 competition for Denmark. She said: “Tonight, we’ll be going live to Liverpool as the City’s mayor is given the keys to Eurovision, marking the handover from Italy to the United Kingdom. “Now then, you’ve (Ronan) hosted Eurovision, my goodness. He even wrote a song for Denmark.” The One Show host started to stumble over her words as she was shocked at her co-star's link to the worldwide competition.   She continued: “There’s a Ronan Keating fact you didn’t know! I can’t even tell you it’s so exciting.” Asking her co-star how big it was for Liverpool to be hosting the event this year, the 45 -year-old confessed it was huge. He added: “I mean prepare yourselves, everyone, it's coming to town.” The Boyzone frontman helped the Danish Eurovision entry by co-writing the song Believe Again which was performed by Brinck. However, in the semi-final, they came in 8th place with a total of 69 points and landed in 13th place for the grand final with Norway taking the championship. 