Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield made a return on Sunday night as they welcomed the star-studded line-up taking part in Dancing on Ice. Throughout the episode, each celebrity pairing took to the ice as they tried to impress the judges. However, as the presenters brought the show to a close, they confirmed which star would be performing in the dreaded skate-off. However, when Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu's name got read out, the Love Island star looked on in shock. Ekin-Su landed in the bottom two alongside Liberty X star Michelle Heaton. When chatting with Holly and Phillip, the reality star admitted she was "gutted". As they skated over to the presenters, Ekin-Su appeared to mumble something to her skating partner, Brendyn Hatfield. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession "Week one is never great," Phillip pointed out. "How do you feel about that? "You looked a bit surprised when you came over?" Ekin-Su hesitated before she replied: "Gutted. I am just sad." "It is fine, just gotta keep going," she added. When asked what they are going to be working on next week, Brendyn said: "Confidence. "Add a little bit to our skate-off and just make it the strongest version we can." Ekin-Su's facial expression didn't go unnoticed by viewers, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Others branded the voting system a "fix." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [SPOILERS]Happy Valley writer explains dark meaning behind show's title [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [ODDS] Ky wrote: "Ekin-Su was NOT expecting that #DancingOnIce" Devon Bentley said: "Oh shut up is Ekin Su in the bottom two... this show really is a fix." (sic) While Ashley Smith simply penned: "#DancingOnIce FIX." "Now how on earth did Ekin get the least votes #DancingOnIce," Holly quizzed. @sheilamorrisroe tweeted: "Not a fan of Ekin but I think she's been sabotaged. #DancingOnIce." "HOW DARE YOU PUT EKIN SU IN THE SKATE OFF THIS IS A DISGRACE," Louie Quinn fumed. Megg wrote: "Ekin-Su does NOT deserve to be in the skate-off, she brought the best energy." However, some viewers felt like it was the right choice, with Kerry tweeting: "Voting was right for once Ekin deserved to be in the bottom two." Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.