A new Westminster election poll shows that the SNP are falling well short of the 50 percent support they are aiming for in order to achieve a mandate for another independence referendum. Nicola Sturgeon has said the next general election will be a "de facto" independence referendum. The poll, conducted by Survation for the True North advisory firm on January 10 to 12, asked voters: "If the next General Election was a de facto referendum on Scottish independence, how would you vote?" Just 43 percent of people said they would vote for the SNP. Labour had 27 percent support, while the Conservative party had 17 percent. The poll put the Lib Dems on eight percent support. Ms Sturgeon has faced numerous knockbacks in her mission to achieve Scottish independence. Last year, the Supreme Court ruled that the Scottish Government does not have the relevant leal powers to hold a second referendum on independence without Westminster approval. But despite the verdict, Ms Sturgeon vowed to press on with her independence mission Giving a press conference in the wake of the ruling, Ms Sturgeon said: "As long as there is breath in my body, I refuse to give up on the basic principle of democracy." Ms Sturgeon previously said that if the SNP won a majority of overall votes, negotiations to remove Scotland from the Union could begin with the UK Government. However, according to The Times, an option is set to be presented to the party’s National Executive Committee on Saturday changing the terms of such a vote. Instead, the document reportedly says the result of the election would represent a show of support for holding indyref2 rather than a trigger for independence negotiations. In addition, it apparently calls for a majority of pro-independence MPs winning the election to be the threshold for that rather than a majority of overall votes under the First Past the Post system. DON'T MISS: Tony Blair shredded for 'hypocrisy' as ex-PM touted as new 'Mr Davos' [REACTION] Eustice warns PM against 'letting other countries boss us about' [EXCLUSIVE] Rees-Mogg joins GB News as former minister to launch his own TV show [REVEAL] Earlier this week, the SNP's longest serving MP Pete Wishart said the referendum would be a "massive gamble" for the independence movement. But he but warned that giving up would cause continuing the constitutional deadlock. Writing in The National, Wishart said: "A de facto referendum is just about the worst possible way to settle the constitutional future of Scotland. Let me also put it another way. "A de facto referendum is now the only way we’re going to be able to settle the constitutional future of Scotland." He continued: "Nothing like this has ever been tried in a western democracy before and the risks are huge. "If we fail to pull it off we may surrender our leading position in Scotland and could possibly kill any hope of independence being secured in a ‘real’ generation. It is a massive gamble, with the emphasis on massive."