With the surge in energy costs and the subsequent increase in the running costs of appliances, it’s more important than ever to understand how to use your appliance effectively, especially when doing laundry. Making small changes when using home appliances when doing laundry can make a big difference to your energy and water usage, helping to save money on your utility bills. Equally, purchasing more energy efficient appliances will help to reduce your energy and water usage. To help households learn how to do their laundry in the most efficient way, marketing manager and Beko expert, Shalika Hooda, has shared her top tips. According to the appliance expert, for households to save the most money when washing their clothes they should opt to use the eco setting on their washing machine. Shalika said: “When using your washing machine, select the eco programme to save a significant amount of water and energy for a standard load, whilst still maintaining excellent cleaning results.” Eco mode really is what it says on the tin. A washing setting that lets households be more ecologically friendly by using less water and less energy. Wash modes are always a mix of three things: temperature, time and water. With eco mode Britons will be using less water and a lower temperature than most settings. Usually though, households are in for a longer wash to get the same level of cleaning. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad habits’ to avoid that ‘drastically’ add to your energy bills This is because heating up the water takes the most energy. In fact, 90 percent of a washing machine’s energy consumption comes from that. The actual spinning of the drum uses very little power in comparison. A longer wash means the water doesn’t have to be quite so hot. So, you’re still saving energy, even if you’re not saving time. The expert said: “The eco programme remains the best programme to use in terms of energy and water consumption. “However, when using other programmes, selecting a lower temperature can save up to 40 percent in energy consumption as less energy is needed to heat the water.” Modern washing powders and detergents work just as effectively at lower temperatures. DON'T MISS‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]7 houseplants to ‘avoid’ keeping in kitchens - plants will ‘die’ [INSIGHT]‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [TIPS] As well as using the eco setting and washing clothes at a lower temperature, pre-treating stains will also help to lower energy consumption. Shalika said: “For clothes that are heavily stained, make sure to pre-treat them instead of using additional energy to rewash them.” If it is a stain from a beverage, whether it be tea, coffee, soft drinks or wine, start by sponging or soaking the area in cool water. Then, pretreat with either prewash stain remover, liquid laundry detergent or create a paste using a powder laundry product and water. READ MORE: ‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows To avoid households doing more wash loads than necessary, the expert urged Britons to be aware of the capacity level of the washing machine so that they can fill it to the right amount. She said: “Fill your machine to full capacity as this will reduce the number of washing loads per week.” To dry laundry quicker, Shalika recommended households select a high speed spin cycle after the clothes have been washed. She said: “Selecting a high spin cycle on your washing machine will reduce the amount of water left in your garments, minimising the time it takes for your clothes to dry and, most importantly, reducing energy consumption. Please note, before selecting a spin cycle, it is important to read and follow the washing instructions on your clothes.” When it comes to using the tumble dryer it is advised to select sensor drying programmes if the appliance has that function. Shalika explained: “By identifying the level of moisture in the drum, sensor drying programmes automatically stop the cycle when the optimal dryness level is reached, preventing over-drying and saving money on energy bills.” Even something as simple as cleaning the tumble dryer filter can help to save on energy bills as the appliance will not have to work as hard. The expert said: “Keeping your machine’s filters clean is essential to maintain optimal drying performance. Blocked filters cause your dryer’s motor to work harder, increasing the energy consumption of your appliance.”