On Sunday night’s instalment of the hit BBC show, Happy Valley viewers watched as Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) confronted her sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran). However, fans were left in awe at the emotional scene with many praising the 58-year-old. After seven years off-screen, fans of the BBC show were thrilled when the third and final series of Happy Valley returned this month. Despite Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) nearing her retirement, it’s not been an easy few weeks for the officer. Along with investigating the gruesome gangland murder of Gary Gaggowski, she recently learnt her sister and her boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill) have been betraying her. After years of trying to keep her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) away from his criminal father Tommy Lee (James Norton), she discovered Clare and Neil had been taking the 16-year-old to visit him in prison without her knowledge.  READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums Confronting her in the latest instalment in a cafe, while Clare waited for Ryan’s visit to be over, many viewers were in awe at the tense scene. Taking to Twitter, user Graham_Booth commented: “The cafe scene was as good as seen in any movie. The tension was unbearable.” Morganjeffery added: “Ten minutes of two people talking in a cafe. One of the best scenes in a TV drama in years." LondonSandIII tweeted: “Haven’t got the vocabulary for how utterly brilliant this is. Everything, every nuance, done to perfection."  MJ_JJ061215 said: “Sarah Lancashire makes acting look so easy...she is the best actress in this country by a million miles. That cafe scene with Siobhan was something else. Exquisite acting...you could feel the pain oozing from Sarah. Powerful stuff...just give her ALL the awards NOW!!! #HappyValley.” Kris050875 gushed: “Give Sarah Lancashire all the awards now! Oh my God! She’s brilliant! Masterclass in acting! Just perfection! Sheer perfection #HappyValley #SarahLancashire.” JoeMackenzie16 added: “Sarah Lancashire, Siobhan Finneran. Absolutely outstanding #HappyValley That scene in the cafe last night was class.” The long-running BBC drama, which first aired in 2014 landed Sarah a Bafta award for Best Actress for playing Catherine back in 2017 and was also nominated in 2015. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife viewers in tears over domestic abuse storyline [REACTION] Dancing On Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran 'still grieving' Tom Parker [DANCING ON ICE] Jane McDonald shares staple item she won't travel without [VIDEO] The first episode of the new series was seen by millions across the UK and even beat Prince Harry’s ITV bombshell interview. It was revealed that the BBC drama obtained 5.25 million viewers with Harry: The Interview being watched by a slightly lower amount of 4.10 million. Although the third series is the final instalment of Happy Valley, writer and creator Sally Wainwright confessed there’s a definite climax for viewers. Speaking to Radio Times, she said: “I was really anxious not to write a duff third season. I really don’t think it is.   “There’s a very definite climax. A narrative has gone across all three: in season one, Catherine and Tommy came face to face outside Ryan’s school, and in season two they almost came face to face in the crematorium, at Tommy’s mum’s funeral. “In season three, there’s a very big face-to-face showdown. “The kind of cathartic showdown that people have waited for. It’s pretty dramatic." Happy Valley continues Sunday on BBC One from 9pm   