Prince Louis, who stoles the show during last year’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the late Queen Elizabeth’s 70 years on the throne, will likely find himself in the limelight once again this year, a royal commentator has predicted. Meanwhile Jonathan Sacerdoti said King Charles will pull out all the stops for his coronation on May 6 - showcasing the “best of Britain” in the process. Four-year-old Louis’s facial expressions during the Jubilee flypast - at one point putting his fingers in his ears to block out the noise - swiftly went vital, as did footage of him chatting with the Queen. He later sat on grandfather Prince Charles’ lap during a Jubilee pageant, and danced while watching a parade pass in front of Buckingham Palace. Mr Sacerdoti, whose television credits include the BBC, Channel 4 News and Fox News, told Express.co.uk: “We can also expect to see more of the younger royals. “We saw more of Prince Louis recently and I think we might see more of him this year too. “As he gets older he will be better equipped for dealing with the softer end of public royal life, but I also hope that he will continue to benefit from the careful and sensitive protection he has had so far.” Mr Sacerdoti stressed: “He and his siblings are still children and we know that no matter how much there is interest in them, it’s important we let them have privacy and to be children even in their most unusual of circumstances.” Turning his attention to the King’s big day, he added: “The Coronation is of course coming up. “We will watch with interest to see how it is shaped and influenced by the modern world. JUST IN: Russia ‘running out of weapons’ with Putin branded a 'pariah' “I am sure that the King and others involved will want it to be an opportunity to show Britain at its best to the rest of the world.” The Queen’s funeral and before that the jubilee celebrations had allowed the UK to advertise itself widely around the globe, and the coronation would provide another moment to do the same, Mr Sacerdoti suggested. He said: “I think the King will take it very seriously, and it will want to do things properly, not cutting any corners.” Mr Sacerdoti also anticipated that the King would resist the temptation to airbrush anyone out of the picture, no matter how tempting it might be. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne's hairdresser honoured by King for her 'retro bouffant' [REPORT]King Charles 'under pressure' to make key decisions in 2023 [COMMENTS]Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance as Charles delays decision [LATEST] He explained: “I think the King will continue to include his family in big events, including Princes Andrew and Harry. “Where he does so, though, he will keep family as family and working royals as working royals. “I don’t think he wants to act out petty family disputes in public, and won’t therefore want to be spiteful or nasty for the sake of it in public. “But those who are not working royals will be treated as family members not as working royals.”