The Australian Open went against tradition after Aryna Sabalenka won the women's singles title on Saturday, with a noticeable difference in the trophy after her victory. The world No 5 is Belarusian but did not have her country engraved alongside her name like past winners after players from Russia and Belarus were made to play as neutrals following the invasion of Ukraine. Sabalenka won her maiden Grand Slam title on Saturday, coming from behind to down 22nd seed Elena Rybakina 4-6 6-3 6-4. It was the 24-year-old's 11th win in a row and means she remains unbeaten in 2023, having also lifted the Adelaide trophy at the start of the season. The world No 5 had long been touted to win a Major following her breakout year in 2018 but after she finally got her hands on the biggest title of her career, she was left without her country engraved on the trophy in a statement move from the Australian Open. It comes after the ATP, WTA, ITF and four Grand Slams released a joint statement last March in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine, confirming that all Russian and Belarusian players would compete as neutral athletes without any mention of their flag or country. And Sabalenka became the first player from either nation to win a Grand Slam singles title since the sanction was brought in, prompting the tournament to miss out the name of her country when engraving the trophy with the 24-year-old's name. JUST IN: Becker began strange Aus Open craze after title win by diving in river  But the soon-to-be world No 2 didn't seem bothered about the omission of her country, as she was just happy to finally see her name on a Grand Slam trophy. "I'm super happy right now to break this wall and to," Sabalenka started, speaking on host broadcaster Channel 9's WWOS before seeing her name on the trophy. "Oh my God, it already has my name," she beamed. "This is unbelievable. Oh my God. With all these stars." It comes almost 11 months after the governing bodies in tennis came together to confirm that players like Sabalenka could not represent their nation. "At this time, players from Russia and Belarus will continue to be allowed to compete in international tennis events on Tour and at the Grand Slams. However, they will not compete under the name or flag of Russia or Belarus until further notice," the tours, ITF and four Slams said almost 11 months ago. DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic accused of playing 'mind games' with Stefanos TsitsipasNadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retireAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioning  And Sabalenka's hopes of playing at Wimbledon later this year also hang in the balance after the All England Club banned all players from the two nations in 2022. The club is yet to make a decision on whether they will bring the ban in for a second-successive year but the Aussie Open champion has already made her feelings clear, claiming that the move "changed nothing" in an interview with The Age earlier this month. “This is really terrible because no one supports war – no one. The problem is that we have to speak loud about that...but why should we scream about that in every corner? It’s not going to help at all. We have zero control under this situation," she said. “I’m just really disappointed sport is somehow in politics. We’re just athletes playing their sport. That’s it. We’re not about politics. If all of us could do something, we would do it, but we have zero control. They banned us from Wimbledon, and what did it change? Nothing – they’re (the Russian government) still doing this, and this is the sad (part) of this situation.” 