Helen Mirren, 77, has candidly spoken out about her famous relationship with fellow Hollywood legend Liam Neeson, 70. The pair dated for four years over three decades ago, but according to the Queen actress it was “not meant to be”, despite labelling her former partner as “amazing”. Speaking of her habit of making her boyfriend's custom shirts, Helen said: “I did make one for Liam, oddly enough. “We loved each other. We were not meant to be together in that way, but we loved each other very, very much. “I love him deeply to this day. He’s such an amazing guy,” the veteran actress added in a recent interview with AARP The Magazine. Helen and Liam previously spoke of their past enduring relationship during a reunion on The Graham Norton Show. READ MORE: Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name Appearing on the programme back in 2018, the pair seemed pleased to share the sofa with each other and spill details into their romance. When host Graham, 59, asked the Collateral Beauty star about their relationship, she didn't shy away from referring to herself as “lucky” for previously dating the Oscar-nominated actor. She gushed: “We didn’t date, we lived together for four years. We were a serious item for a while. Lucky me!” Liam added: “Before I met her and we worked together I had read somewhere that if she fancied a guy she would imitate his walk behind his back and I turned around one day and she was doing that to me." The Taken actor also confessed to being “smitten” with his then-co-star after they met on the set of 1981 movie Excalibur. He explained: “I remember being on the set and standing with Ciarán Hinds as Helen walked towards us dressed in her full Morgana Le Fey costume and we both went, ‘Oh f**k’ and I was smitten. I think Ciarán was too but I was very smitten!” Helen swiftly responded: “I never knew that. You’ve never told me that before, it’s amazing.” But life took a different turn for Helen, who has been married to American film director Taylor Hackford since 1997. READ MORE...Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her famous assets in plunging blazer [PICTURES]Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims [NEWS]Stranger Things' Noah Schnapp comes out as gay after years 'in closet [NEWS] Helen met the film director just after her breakthrough part in the 1980’s film The Long Good Friday, and he later auditioned her for the movie White Nights. The Oscar-winning actress once joked about the impact her famous 2006 role in The Queen could have had on their relationship. In 2015 Helen received a career tribute award at the Gotham Awards ceremony, and she gave a rather memorable acceptance speech. She began: "I have to tell you a story about f*****g the queen. "When The Queen was first screened at Venice, I’d never seen it before, and neither had my husband Taylor. "In the first scene, I’m in full regalia, and I turn and look at the camera and there’s silence in the cinema. "And my husband lets out this huge laugh. So I lean over to him and say, ‘Darling, do you think you’ll ever f**k me again?'"