The Rig is a six-part sci-fi mystery drama that made its debut on Amazon Prime Video on Friday, January 6. As many subscribers have already made their way through series one, they are curious to know if a second season is going to be released. Here's everything there is to know about The Rig and its future so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Rig.The Rig tells the tale of Magnus (played by Iain Glen) and his crew on board the Kinlock Bravo oil rig, stationed off the Scottish coast near the North Sea. But when they are due to return home, a mysterious fog causes tremors on the rig and cuts the crew off from the rest of the world. The team eventually discovers it is something called The Ancestors at the bottom of the ocean that caused the fog. The unknown life force was behind all the strange phenomena going on and the oil company Pictor knew all about it. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash As of yet, there has been no announcement regarding the future of The Rig. Amazon Prime Video has kept quiet about the show's future so it is unclear if there will be more episodes to come. Typically, when a second series hasn't already been lined up, it is down to how subscribers reacted to the show which decides if there will be another season. Given The Rig's ending, however, there seems to be a potential follow-up for the drama. The series sees boss David Coake (Mark Addy) desperately trying to escape by locating a helicopter. Rose (Emily Hampshire), Magnus and Fulmer Hamilton (Martin Compston) were reluctant to leave at first but abandoned their efforts to try and reason with The Ancestors and joined him in the helicopter. They were able to avoid the all-consuming tsunami just in time but Baz Roberts (Calvin Demba) chose to sacrifice himself. Baz believed if The Ancestors saw that he gave himself up, then they may be able to avoid extinction. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [ROYAL]Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The Rig [CAST]Here's the lowdown on the cast of The Rig [EXPLAINER] Coake tells his other crew members in the helicopter: "I told you, if you wanted to go home, you should have listened to me.” When they questioned where they were heading, Coake didn't give an answer. This sense of mystery could be setting up the show for a potential second season. But this wasn't the only factor that could point to more episodes in the making. In the last few moments of The Rig's finale, the tsunami was seen hitting the mainland. This proves The Ancestors are not willing to collaborate with human beings just yet, despite Baz's best efforts. If there were to be a second series, The Rig is bound to follow the crew's next steps, as well as The Ancestors' invasion of the mainland. The Rig is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.