Twitter user Erin (@katrazzed) contacted the bank after receiving a text and letter claiming there was an overdue amount on her credit card account. The letter included her name and claimed to be from ‘The Financial Support Team’ and included the address for the actual Bradford base of Santander. She said in a Tweet on December 29 to the bank: “I have had a letter today saying payment is due on a credit card. I had this same info through text last week which I found out was a scam. “The letter came in a Santander envelope so could seem real, but googling the phone number, it seems it’s a scam again.” The fake message reads: “We want to let you know there’s an overdue amount of £77.29 on your account. “Whilst this payment is outstanding, we’ve blocked your credit card account. This means you won’t be able to use your credit card until you’ve made the payment. READ MORE: NS&I announces January 2023 Premium Bonds prize draw winners - have you won £1million?  “Please note that once you’ve repaid this, it can take up to two days before you can use your card again.” The letter then provided details which claimed how she could “pay into” her account, including the option to pay funds into a certain account. In sharing a photo of the letter with the bank, the Twitter user said: “Quite convincing but obviously, it saying to send a credit card payment to a certain account is suspicious, which was the same info I was sent by text.” The letter continued: “If you don’t bring your account up to date, we may take further action to collect what you owe. DON'T MISSfirst direct offers 7% interest rate to savers in 2023 [UPDATE]Energy bills rise today for millions despite price guarantee [LATEST]HMRC warning as ‘most pressing’ tax deadline looms in weeks [NEWS] “This may include, and in accordance with our terms and conditions, using an available credit balance in another account you hold with us to repay some or all of your outstanding balance. “We may also charge late or missed payment fees each month until you’ve repaid this amount.” Scam messages will often make threats like this to put pressure on people to act in haste and follow their instructions, without thinking through if the message is legitimate. The bank replied to thank Erin for sharing the image of the bogus letter and directed her to some information about “protecting yourself from scams” on the bank website. READ MORE: Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year These scams are unfortunately very common, where fraudsters send fake texts and letters pretending to be from genuine banks, in a bid to get people to hand over money or personal or banking details. Another Twitter user, Nick Jarvis-Davies (@Nick_JDavies), previously warned he was constantly getting fake messages purportedly from Santander. He said in a message to the bank: “I don’t have a Santander account but I receive these messages weekly, I report them but they still keep coming. “Exactly what steps are you taking to stop these fraud/scam messages? I’ve circled the number the message came from, can you not do anything with that?” He shared an image of a scam message he had received purporting to be from the bank. It read: “SANTANDER: Confirmation. You recently set up a new payee via mobile banking on 03/10. If this was NOT you, please visit: https://santander.auth-id-30.com.” Santander quickly responded to confirm the text was fake and urged Mr Jarvis-Davies to report the issue. The bank said in response: “Hi Nick, we're sorry to see you've received a scam message. Regrettably, we have no control over these. “To report to us, please send to smishing@santander.co.uk, you can also report suspicious messages to your service provider by forwarding it to 7726.”