Prince Harry has revealed how he felt embarrassed to take Meghan Markle to his cottage home at the start of their relationship because it was not a palace. In his memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex describes Nottingham Cottage, dubbed Nott Cott, on the grounds of Kensington Palace as a bit embarrassing. Harry writes: "I was excited to welcome Meg to my home, but also embarrassed. Nott Cott was no palace. "Nott Cott was palace adjacent - that was the best you could say for it." He goes on to describe how he watched as Meghan, now the Duchess of Sussex, walked up the garden path towards his front door. The Duke adds: "To my relief she made no sign of dismay, gave no indication of disillusionment." "Until she got inside. Then she said something about a frat house. I glanced around. She wasn’t far off." The Duke criticises Nottingham Cottage's size in his memoir, describing it as being built for humans of a bygone era with ceilings as low as a doll's house. Of Meghan's visit, he says: "I'd never noticed until then how shabby the furniture was. Brown sofa, browner beanbag chair." Harry and Meghan lived at Nottingham Cottage before their move to Frogmore Cottage in April 2019 ahead of the birth of their first child, Archie. READ ABOUT VIEWERS SLAMMING PRINCE HARRY Prince Harry's book went on sale yesterday (January 10) with the Duke appearing on a series of TV programmes to promote the work. On The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in the US on Tuesday, Harry denied boasting about killing 25 Taliban fighters while serving with the British Army. He also claimed members of his family are taking part in an active campaign to undermine his memoir. In Spare, which on Tuesday became the UK's fastest selling non-fiction book, Harry writes about engaging in "the taking of human lives" while serving as a helicopter pilot in Afghanistan. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry writes of secret sexcapade with Meghan in Soho House [REVEALED] Jeremy Clarkson returns to social media after Meghan Markle fiasco [LATEST] Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [REPORT] He states: "So, my number is 25. It's not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me." Harry told Colbert it had been "hurtful and challenging" watching the reactions following the book's publication. He said: "Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people that I killed in Afghanistan." The Duke noted the context in which the reference appeared in the book, before saying: "I should say, if I heard anyone boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry. But it's a lie." "My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words [is] very dangerous." Harry said he was driven to discuss his kills by the goal of reducing veteran suicides. He told Colbert: "I made a choice to share it because having spent nearly two decades working with veterans all around the world, I think the most important thing is to be honest and to give space to others to be able to share their experiences without any shame. "And my whole goal, my attempt with sharing that detail, is to reduce the number of suicides." Colbert asked Harry if he believed there was an active campaign by the rest of his family and by the Buckingham Palace to undermine the book. He replied: "Of course, mainly by the British press." Asked again if it was aided and abetted by the palace, Harry replied: "Yes, again, of course. This is the other side of the story." The Late Show interview ends the media run for Harry's memoir which has made its way into the record books with 400,000 hardback, e-book and audio format copies being sold.