  Dancing On Ice star Oti Mabuse, 32, spoke candidly about making bold choices as part of her resolution on New Year's Day. The former Strictly Come Dancing professional reflected on what 2023 might bring as she and her husband Marius Iepure enjoyed a helicopter trip around Cape Town.     Oti is returning to Dancing On Ice this Sunday alongside her fellow judges Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill and Ashley Banjo. Before taking to the ice panel to judge the ITV show’s brand new line-up of contestants, she enjoyed a sunny holiday in Cape Town, South Africa, with her husband. The former BBC dancer shared a video of herself and Marius taking off in a helicopter to enjoy the sites of the stunning city from up high. “So we decided this is the year of ‘yes’ for us - whatever that may bring!” Oti captioned her Instagram post. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle      “Ups, down, fear, exhaustion and new lessons… We don’t have any goals or resolutions,” the star continued. “But we hope to grow mentally, emotionally and build a future fit for us! “Starting with doing things we never thought we could make time for like this helicopter trip around Cape Town,” she added with heart and smile emojis. “Here’s to making memories. #holiday #helicopter #capetown.” (sic)     In the video, the couple could be seen excitedly making their way towards a bright yellow helicopter. The pair were all smiles as they took to the skies, with Oti showing the stunning mountains and ocean scenery that surrounded them. The star’s fans and friends took to the comments section to share their well wishes going into the New Year. “Happy new year baby girl,” Strictly’s Nancy Xu wrote with heart emojis. READ MORE... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [INSIGHT] Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS]     Fellow dancer Pasquale La Rocca penned: “Happy new year you beautiful human.” “Enjoy love,” singer Nomina wrote with heart eye emojis. “Happy New Year!” While Camille commented: “'A year of yes' is a brilliant mantra that I am going to embrace as well. “Happy New Year and thank you for sharing such a beautiful post,” she added.     “South Africa is one of the countries on my bucket list to visit.” Caroline penned: “This really is one of THE most beautiful cities in the world. Enjoy your time here.” (sic) ITV’s Dancing On Ice returns this weekend with a line-up of contestants including Michelle Heaton, Mollie Gallagher and Joey Essex. Dancing On Ice starts this Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.    