A man has died after being crushed by a hydraulic urinal in London's West End. Emergency services tried to save the man, who has not been named, but he died at the scene on Friday. Ambulance crews, an air ambulance and firefighters were dispatched at 1.05pm and police were called five minutes later. The incident took place at Cambridge Circus on the junction between Shaftesbury Avenue and Charing Cross Road.   In an update, the Metropolitan Police said: "We're sorry to have to update that, despite the efforts of emergency services, the man who was critically injured in Cambridge Circus was pronounced dead at the scene. His next of kin have been informed. Cordons remain in place at the location."  The Metropolitan Police confirmed the incident earlier this afternoon where they said a man had been "seriously injured". They said: "Police were called at around 13:10hrs on Friday, 27 January, to a seriously injured man at Cambridge Circus, W1. "The man is thought to have sustained crush injuries while working on a ‘telescopic urinal’ at the location. LFB, LAS and London’s Air Ambulance are in attendance. Officers are assisting with road closures." According to BBC Travel: "Shaftesbury Avenue (both ways) jct w/ Charing Cross Rd - Road shut due to an emergency services incident." The London Fire Brigade also confirmed that a person has been "trapped" on Charing Cross Road at around 1pm this afternoon, as four fire engines rushed to the scene. A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called today (27 January) at 1:05pm to reports of an incident on Shaftesbury Avenue, Charing Cross.  “We sent a number of resources to the scene, including an ambulance crew, members of our hazardous area response team (HART), members of our tactical response unit and a medic in a fast response car. We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. “The incident is still ongoing.” 25 firefighters were sent to deal with the incident. The maintenance worker was thought to be performing work on a pop-up urinal which rises from the ground at night so revellers can relieve themselves without the need to urinate in the street. READ MORE: Kay Burley's live broadcast abruptly interrupted by Russian missiles  One person at the scene advised others to "avoid" the area as crowds form. Another tweeted: "Some excitement on Trafalgar Square today - an emergency response team arrives by helicopter. Lots of police and fire personnel - First Responders obviously on the job. The source of the emergency is not clear yet."