 Jeremy Renner, 52, shared a wistful snap on Instagram, captioning the photo: “Missing my happy place.” The Marvel star was involved in a tragic New Year’s Day accident and is still in recovery.   On Monday, Jeremy shared a photo of his Nevada home which has seemingly been snowed in since his accident. Only the rooftops of his home can be spotted over the piles of snow, with a few inches lying on the roof itself too. The star is still currently in hospital following his snowplow accident on New Year’s Day. As 2022 ended, Jeremy’s home area experienced a significant amount of snowfall and the star decided to take matters into his own hands. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' as star admits he 'can't get over' wife's heartbreaking loss  While clearing the snow away from his Lake Tahoe home, to free a trapped family member inside, the actor was run over by a seven-tonne snow plough. The actor suffered chest trauma and orthopedic injuries and had to undergo emergency surgery according to a statement issued by his publicist. Anxious fans were told the star was stable, but it wasn’t until January 3rd that their minds were put at ease. The star simply posted a selfie, showcasing scratches and bruises on his face, as he lay in a hospital bed with oxygen pipes snaking into his nose.  At the time Jeremy declared he was “too messed up now to type” but thanked everyone for their support. Last Friday he shared another update, seemingly more energetic and less “messed up” this time round. He posted a video of himself being taken into a room by a nurse on his Instagram story and captioned it: "I wish you all a very special night.” On his 52nd birthday, Jeremy shared an even more special update from his hospital bed once again.  He posed, surrounded by the ICU team caring for him through his recovery, thanking them for their help through “this journey”. Jeremy’s sister Kym has been outspoken throughout his ordeal, updating fans and encouraging her brother’s recovery. Speaking on US radio CBS13, Kym declared her brother is “a fighter and doesn’t mess around”. She shared: “He is crushing all the progress goals.  “We couldn't feel more positive about the road ahead." So far, the star has not only had to spend his birthday in ICU but also watched the season two premiere of his own show go on without him. Yesterday, season two of Mayor of Kingstown premiered on Paramount+ and Jeremy, who plays Mike McLusky, promoted it on his Instagram. Showing a collection of photos featuring the show’s posters, Jeremy received a renewed outpouring of support and well-wishes from his fans.