The BBC chair has urged the Government to take over the funding of its World Service, warning: "Financial pressure means that we have now reached a crunch point." Richard Sharp suggested the BBC World Service - the world's largest external broadcaster in terms of reception area - could be in jeopardy without a significant funding boost. Until 2014, the UK Foreign Office funded the World Service in full, before then-Prime Minister David Cameron transferred budgetary responsibility to the BBC and to TV licence fee payers. The BBC says it now covers more than three-quarters of funding for the World Service funding from the licence fee, equating to around £300million. The rest is accounted for by annual Foreign Office grants, amounting to around £100million. But Mr Sharp has warned a substantial cash boost cannot be met by the Corporation and is urging the Government to step in. He said in a speech to the Whitehall and Industry Group: "I believe the case is now very strong for the Government to look again at taking back responsibility for funding the BBC World Service at what is a critical moment for Britain and for democracy worldwide. "Our commitment has to be to deliver maximum possible value for the licence fee. So we have to ask ourselves how far it is appropriate for audiences in Leicester to continue to pick up the tab for services in Lagos." Last year, the Government added £4.1million in emergency funding to support Ukrainian and Russian language services, which have formed a key platform in fighting back against disinformation in the war between the two countries. But BBC chair Mr Sharp has insisted greater investment is needed for the World Service if it is to continue competing on a level playing field. He added the BBC reaches three-quarters of audiences in "countries from India to Indonesia", but is still losing out to the likes of Russia and China as they are "outspending our World Service investment by a multiple of thousands". The BBC chair said: "The Russians and Chinese are together investing billions of dollars in their state-backed services, massively expanding their operations across Africa, South Africa and the Middle East. They are outspending our World Service investment by a multiple of thousands. READ MORE: Polar vortex could bring Britain plunging back to freezing depths "The reality is that we have now entered an information Cold War, with the UK’s democratic integrity and national security at stake. It is a struggle that the UK - and all those who believe in democracy - cannot afford to lose.” Mr Sharp also insisted: "The BBC, and our World Service in particular, is seen as the global gold standard. There might be many critics of the BBC, but there can be few who prize Britain’s place in the world who do not value the World Service. "Its biggest critics are those foreign governments that want to restrict free speech. And that is telling in itself." The latest calls also echo those from BBC Director-General Tim Davie last month, who called for "serious public service investment" to safeguard the World Service". DON'T MISSSNP figures fear Sturgeon has made the case against independence [REPORT]Tony Blair rages at 'unforgivable and stupid' critics of wearing masks [VIDEO]Boris Johnson compares Putin to ‘fat boy in Dickens’ [COMMENTS] Three months earlier in September, the World Service announced almost 400 job losses and the end of its Arabic and Persian radio provision as part of a £285mn cost-cutting plan. At the time, the BBC had blamed these mass-cutbacks on its tighter Government funding settlement. In a speech to the Royal Television Society last month, Mr Davie warned the World Service could make more cuts unless the UK Government steps into provide urgent funding. The BBC Director-General called for “serious public service investment” to ensure the World Service was efficiently supported in years to come. Like BBC chair Mr Sharp, he had also warned of Russia and China’s willingness to outspend Britain on international broadcasting.