Zara and Olivia were suspected by fans of knowing each other before they both wound up in the Love Island villa. Instagram followers noticed that the onscreen love rivals had been interacting with each other’s posts for years. Today it was revealed the two ladies had met when filming a music video that surfaced online today. During their time on the show, the dancers have had several run-ins. On Sunday they had their most explosive row yet erupting at the weekend, leaving viewers convinced that the pair had history. After some digging, eagle-eyed fans noticed that the performers had been liking and commenting on each other's Instagram posts for three years. READ MORE: Alec Baldwin remaining in Rust branded 'ridiculous' by Piers Morgan Now the proof of Zara, 25, and Olivia's, 27, relationship has surfaced, with them both seen lounging by the pool in Dapz music video for Take You Away. Olivia flaunted her figure in a cherry red triangle number at the house party in the Hollywood Hills. Zara commented on Olivia’s snap in June 2020, writing: “Absolutely unreal babes." Meanwhile, Olivia told Zara she looked "unreal" in one of her pictures before Zara responded with: “Loving you.” Fans have been in disbelief since as the girls seem to have not given any mention to their previous friendship in the villa. The two contestants first sparked a feud after Zara chose Olivia as the most "two-faced" islander during a game of non-alcoholic beer pong. More fuel was only added to the fire after Zara picked Tom Clare during Sunday night’s re-coupling - who Olivia had wanted to couple up with - causing the girls to clash over the situation. In Monday night's episode, things got more awkward as the pair revealed they both thought someone in the villa was "playing a game" during a game of Never Have I Ever. DONT MISS:Amanda Holden turns heads in leg-baring look in tiny blazer dress (PHOTOS)Laura Hamilton explains footwear after questions from puzzled viewers (NEWS) Amanda Owen blasts Brexit as she unveils damage caused to farming (LATEST) Later on in the episode, they argued after Olivia pulled Tom, who had recoupled with Zara, for a chat. Zara called Olivia out, saying she should "get over herself" for thinking that she had "flown 11 hours just to p*** her off". The next morning, the pair decided to agree to disagree, leaving the "beef" behind, but fans wanted their questions answered. "WHAT is the full truth between Zara and Olivia because this can’t be coming out of nowhere WHAT DO WE NOT KNOW!!!!," wrote one fan. A second chimed in: "I don’t understand what’s happened between Zara and Liv? Why do they hate each other? “Why does Zara think that her and Tom are married? It’s Love Island - isn’t the whole point to chat everyone up." A third pointed fingers at the producers, tweeting: "The love island producers KNOWING DAMN WELL they got Zara on that 11-hour flight just to p*** Olivia off." (sic) Love Island continues tomorrow night on ITV2 at 9pm.