Jack Ryan is based on the Tom Clancy book series of the same name, bringing the iconic character to the small screen, after years of movies. Starring The Office's John Krasinski as the titular character, the Amazon Prime Video drama has gone down a storm with viewers but sadly, the end is nigh. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Jack Ryan's cancellation. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Jack Ryan. Jack Ryan returned for its third season on Wednesday, December 21, on Amazon Prime Video. All eight episodes were released in one go so subscribers could binge-watch the entire box set in one go if they wished. The return of the thriller was a celebratory occasion for many, seeing as Jack Ryan hasn't been seen since series two which came out in 2019. The delay for season three was caused by filming issues, thanks to the coronavirus pandemic but, despite the three-year wait, the drama did make its epic comeback. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event However, its return was tainted with sadness as fans were already made aware that this was the beginning of the end. Jack Ryan was renewed for season four in October 2021 by Amazon Prime but in May last year, it was confirmed this would be the final series. So this will be the final tale of the up-and-coming CIA analyst on the streaming service. While it came as a surprise to many, it seems as if this had been the plan all along. According to Deadline, Krasinski had committed to just four seasons of Jack Ryan when he initially signed up for the show. Therefore, its end was inevitable and the past three series have been part of an ongoing story arc with a conclusion in mind. It isn't known if the 43-year-old star has more acting roles after the drama. But he has got a directing job in the works which will star some big names. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]Martin Compston 'set on fire' after refusing stunt double in The Rig [CAST]Here's the lowdown on the cast of The Rig [EXPLAINER] Going by Krasinski's IMDb profile, he is behind an upcoming fantasy comedy film which he will write, direct and produce. The film is going to feature an impressive ensemble, including the likes of Ryan Reynolds, Fiona Shaw, Phoebe Waller-Bridge and Steve Carrell. A release date for the movie hasn't been announced but it is likely to be out sometime in 2024. Until then, there is still the final series of Jack Ryan to look forward to. A start date for Jack Ryan season four hasn't been announced but filming has already taken place for the final episodes. Krasinski confirmed with The Wrap that series three and four were shot one after the other. He said: "Knowing that the fans would go so long in between two and three, we decided to do three and four back to back so that they wouldn't have to wait that long again." So fingers crossed this means the wait won't be anywhere near as long as for series three. Jack Ryan is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.