The Duke of Sussex's explosive book, Spare, became the UK's fastest-selling memoir after it sold 400,000 copies on 10 January, the day of its official release. The 400-page book proved controversial from the start, with claims his brother the Prince of Wales physically attacked him and accusations that Camilla, Queen Consort, regularly leaked stories to the press. The string of allegations against the Royal Family led to mounting speculation that Harry's wife Meghan was behind them - but insiders have suggested that she was actually wary about the project. Sources told The Telegraph that Meghan was far from the driving force behind the memoir. The media-savvy Duchess was "slightly more circumspect" about the idea, they say, and may have "raised gentle concerns" about whether it was the right call. The insiders added that despite her own experiences of speaking publicly about her private life, she was "warier" than her husband about pursuing a book deal. But despite the initial hesitancy Meghan is understood to have thrown her weight behind her husband's decision to go ahead with the memoir.  “Is this the way she would have approached things? Possibly not,” one source told the newspaper. “But she will always back him and would never have got involved in promoting such a personal project. “This was about his own life, his own journey and his own perspective.” The Duchess is said to be extremely proud of his achievements. READ MORE: Charles's two-fold dilemma over Harry and Meghan Coronation attendance Since the release of Harry's book, the Duchess of Sussex has remained out of the spotlight. She did not appear in any of her husband's promotional interviews in both the US and the UK and has not spoken publicly about the memoir. A source close to the couple suggested she has avoided any public involvement as she didn't want to be accused of trying to "steal the limelight". Others have suggested Meghan simply has little to gain - having already said her peace in her sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey and through subsequent interviews and podcast episodes. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes spills key to Prince Harry and William ending row [COMMENT]Harry told he must cave to King and William as he loses supporters [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's local bookshop has sold only 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] Throughout Harry's contracted interviews to promote the book, he has made repeated appeals for a reconciliation with his family. He has said that it is up to his father and brother to reach out, and said he and Meghan are willing to apologise to them. Asked whether he will attend King Charles's coronation in May during his interview with ITV, the Duke refused to commit to making the trip. He said: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. “There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." Both Buckingham and Kensington Palace have refused to comment on the allegations made by Prince Harry.