Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are facing a ferocious backlash in the US with Americans now "fed up" with their "relentless and nasty attacks" against the Royal Family, a commentator has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have embarked on a series of lucrative media ventures since stepping down as working members of the Royal Family and moving to the US in 2021. The couple starred in their own six-part documentary series on Netflix last month, which saw them make claims against the Royal Family while complaining about alleged bad treatment from the British press. Earlier this month, Harry released his hotly-anticipated memoir Spare, which again saw him fire a number of claims against his own family, triggering a huge anger among many fans of the monarchy. Harry and Meghan will be hoping to build some success now they are settled in Montecito, California, but one Washington-based commentator has warned the recent "attacks" against the Royal Family could come at a huge cost. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, told Express.co.uk: "There has been a significant amount of interest in the US from what Harry has said but not as much that perhaps was anticipated. "While the passing of the Queen dominated the US news networks for about two weeks, Harry's book and his relentless attacks against the Royal Family have received limited coverage in the US. "Harry isn't a popular figure in America, and nor is Meghan Markle. The Queen was massively popular in the US so Harry is increasingly seen as a negative and whining character in the US. "Americans are just fed up with the relentless and nasty attacks coming from Meghan and Harry. Their patience will run out with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex." Mr Gardiner also warned the recent criticisms of the Royal Family could blow a huge hole in her US political ambitions. He claimed the former actress is now "losing support on the left", warning that is "dangerous" as that is her "key support base". READ MORE: New claims have fuelled speculation Meghan plans to enter politics  The royal commentator continued: "Meghan is very unpopular with the US conservatives but there is a liberal elite that is in power right now with the Biden presidency that still like her. "But at the same time, the recent Netflix documentary series received quite a lot of criticism in the US media, not just from the conservatives, but also among liberals as well, who felt this was an endlessly-whining exercise. "Meghan is now losing support on the left as well and that is dangerous for her because that is her key support base. "The Netflix documentary series was a big mistake from Meghan so she has lost some ground with the left in the US who have grown tired of her endless celebrity whining." DON'T MISSMeghan's 'outspoken feminism' has not won over among women in US [POLL]Kate and William risk losing face with public after Harry book [REPORT]Royal Family should be 'mindful' of certain issues after Harry's book [COMMENTS] In a bitter blow to the couple, Harry has dropped 45 points and Meghan Markle 36 points in an opinion poll of US voters in just over a month as fury over the duke's book continues to rage.  In makes grim reading for Harry, who has seen his approval rating plunge to a lowly -7, compared to +38 on December 5, while Meghan has an approval rating of -13 compared to +23 six weeks earlier. The poll also showed Harry was liked by less than a third (31 percent) of those polled and disliked by a higher 38 percent. Meghan was liked by just over a quarter (26 percent) of the poll participants and disliked by more than two-thirds (39 percent). When asked whether Harry was right to reveal intimate conversations with his family members in the memoir, just under half (44 percent) said he was wrong, with only a quarter (26 percent) believing he was right. 