 Today's inflation figure is only a slight dip from November, when inflation stood at 10.7 percent. However, it is notably better than October’s 11.1 percent, when consumer price growth was at a 41-year high. I will now stick my head out and say that October marked peak inflation, and things will start to get easier from here. It's not just me saying that. By the end of the year, inflation should have plunged to 3.5 percent or even three percent, accountancy group PwC predicts. That seems unthinkable but if PwC is correct, that will make this April's record-breaking 10.1 percent state pension triple lock increase look even better. I can see plenty of reasons why inflation will continue to fall. The first is something statisticians call the "base effect". Basically, last year's big jump in oil and energy prices will soon start falling out of the annual figure, helping to push the inflation rate lower. We’ll still be paying those higher prices, though. Another reason inflation will fall is that the Bank of England is still busy hiking base rates, having already increased them nine times from 0.1 percent in December 2021 to 3.5 percent today. Analysts expect another 0.5 percent hike at its next meeting on February 4, but at least this will squeeze inflation further. That could be the last of the base rate hikes as inflation falls should accelerate by April.    The best news is that energy prices have started to fall. You won't see it reflected in your gas and electricity bill, yet, but wholesale European natural gas prices are now below pre-Ukraine invasion levels. They have crashed from €346 (£304) per megawatt hour last August, to around €70 (£63) today, helped by the mild winter and falling demand across Asia due to Chinese Covid lockdowns. Last week, HSBC slashed its gas price forecasts by 30 percent with another 20 percent fall due in 2024. ING economist James Smith said this will soon start to filter through to our bills with “dramatic signs of easing as we approach Easter, which is when electricity and gas base effects begin to become more favourable”. Cheaper home energy by Easter? I’ll take that. In the meantime, any of the eight million hardest hit Britons who are eligible for this year’s £900 cost of living payment should make sure they claim it. The same goes for the £300 pensioner cost of living payment and £150 disability cost of living payment. Mortgage rates are falling as panic over a housing crash eases. The average two-year fixed deal has plunged from 6.65 percent in October to 5.63 percent today, as lenders compete for business again. Several million homeowners will be hit hard as their fixed rates, and I don't want to underplay the challenge they are facing. But there are signs that we are nearing peak mortgage rate, too. READ MORE: UK investors pile in as 'world's best stock market' nears record high   By the end of the year, the BoE could even start cutting rates. In the US, rate cuts will come sooner, as inflation is falling faster over there. US inflation has now fallen for the sixth straight month to 6.5 percent in December. We've kindly given them Harry and Meghan, I'd happily take their lower inflation rate in return. Let's not get carried away. The cost-of-living crisis is far from over. Food and drink prices rose at the fastest pace since 1977, piling pressure on the sick, old, vulnerable and those on low incomes. The UK may still tip into recession, with KPMG predicting our economy will shrink 1.3 percent this year. We will not be alone in this, the IMF reckons a third of the world faces recession in 2023. Yet unemployment is still low at 3.7 percent, while core wage growth accelerated to 6.4 percent year-on-year, slightly better than expected. Incomes are still falling in real terms, but the gap is narrowing. To paraphrase Winston Churchill, this is not the end. But it looks like the beginning of the end. 