Vladimir Putin's troops continue to suffer heavy losses in Ukraine with the total number of dead and wounded now said to be reaching as high as 180,000 men. Neither Russia nor Ukraine have provided up-to-date causality figures from the battlefield, with Kyiv suffering some 100,000 losses according to Norway's army chief. Norwegian Chief of Defence Eirik Kristoffersen told TV2: "Russian losses are beginning to approach around 180,000 dead or wounded soldiers. He added: "Ukrainian losses are probably over 100,000 dead or wounded. "In addition, Ukraine has about 30,000 civilians who died in this terrible war." Mr Kristofferen warned that despite the heavy losses "Russia is able to continue (this war) for quite a long time". READ MORE: Putin reeling after Russian officer corps sustains massive casualties On Sunday, the Norwegian army chief concluded that Russia's mobilisation and arms production capacities could keep the Kremlin in the fight for a long while. Mr Kristofferen pointed out that while the Russian airforce has played a limited role in the conflict "thanks to Ukrainian anti-aircraft defences," he is concerned that this may change. He said: "What worries most is whether Ukraine is going to be able to keep the Russian air force out of the war." Mr Kristofferen added his voice to those calling for battle tanks to be sent to support Ukraine, a move which is being held up mainly by the reluctance of Germany. The Norwegian general added: "If they're going to go on the offensive in the winter, they [Ukrainians] need it fast." Meanwhile, leaders of dozens of major Commons committees have asked Germany's defence minister to allow Ukraine to defend itself against Russia's invasion using German-made Leopard 2 tanks. The MPs intervened after a pledging conference in Germany on Friday ended without a commitment by Western allies to send more battle tanks to Ukraine, despite a call from President Volodymyr Zelensky to speed up the delivery of military support. The group, which includes the chairs of 24 major Commons committees and dozens of senior backbenchers, was coordinated by Labour's Chris Bryant to contact Federal Minister of Defence Boris Pistorius "at this moment of extreme urgency". DON'T MISS: Major delay in new travel system may mean holiday boost for Britons [INSIGHT]Gemma Atkinson announces baby news with Gorka in adorable pictures [PICTURES]Putin ally faces 'cruel end' as knives sharpen for 'evil' Wagner boss [COMMENT] "We are conscious of the very significant efforts Germany has made to support Ukraine, especially over the last twelve months We understand the historic reasons for reluctance to provide German and German-made tanks," they wrote, in a copy of the letter obtained by The Sun. "However, we would urge you at this moment of extreme urgency, to reconsider your position and allow Leopard 2 battle tanks - both German-owned and German-built - to be provided to Ukraine in the next few days." It comes after the Foreign Secretary said he would like "nothing more" than to see Ukrainians armed with the German-made tanks. So far among the Nato allies, only the UK has agreed to send tanks to Ukraine, in the form of 14 British Army Challenger 2s.