A grandson has played a trick on his grandparents by sending a fake package purporting to contain 'used knickers' to their home. A video shows the grandmother's amusing reaction as she saw the package and quizzed her husband. Alex Summers, from Liverpool, played the trick. Hoping his grandad would see it first, the practical joke didn't go to plan. A video shows his grandmother Carol shouting "get in here now" at her baffled husband, who had no idea what was wrong. Carol even called Graham a "dirty old b******" before she eventually realised her grandson was responsible. Fortunately, Carol and Graham can now see the funny side. Admitting she "went a bit mad". Alex, a hairdresser and salon owner, told the Liverpool Echo: "It was [me] who did the prank on my grandad. I'd ordered them to prank my grandad, but my grandma got to the front door first. "I wasn't expecting her to see them. It was so funny. It came up in a sponsored ad on the internet, I don't know why but it came up on my Instagram and I thought that'd be funny. "As soon as they came [through the door], that was it, she was going 'No, surely not'. I started videoing as soon as I noticed that she had it [the envelope], and she started shouting at him calling him a 'dirty old bastard' and things. "She was going mental. I hope I'm not that bothered when I've been married that long. They've been married for 55 years." The envelope didn't actually contain any knickers, but the packaging did say that the non-existent underwear had been "worn for 48 hours before as requested." Graham added: "I can't believe she thought they was mine. I thought [Carol] would've knew it wasn't me ordering them. I'm not a perve!" Carol then said: "Oh it was funny. I went mad at first, but when I read the letter it was good. [Alex is] a wind up." The hairdresser recalled: "[My grandad] was just laughing at her, he knew it was just all a joke. "He realised straight away it was a prank, he was like 'why would I have ordered them'. "He knew it was me who'd done it because I couldn't stop laughing. "My auntie, she had no idea, she didn't have a clue who they were from either. "We're always there at their house, we basically care for them but I actually forgot I'd ordered it, and it was just by chance the postman came that day. "She was just looking at me, she was so wound up about it, and then as soon as she seen me laughing she went 'you'. [Inside] it's an empty letter and it says 'haha pranks on you'. "On the envelope it says his name and address and there's like a little bit of lace knickers hanging out. There's so many people from my area saying typical Scouse nan and grandad, she doesn't even realise she's shouting. My nan definitely binned it straight away. It was just so funny." 