Joanna Gosling has been part of BBC News for more than 20 years, but due to changes within the broadcaster, she recently announced she had taken voluntary redundancy. Her final report of the programme came on Thursday, and the journalist was visibly emotional as she said goodbye for the last time.  After concluding her final news item,Joanna acknowledged her exit from the BBC. She remarked: "Now it is just about time for me to say goodbye for the last time. "I am signing off after 23 years at BBC News, and before I go there are just a few things I wanted to say. "I know this job is personal. We come directly into your home to tell you what’s happening – good, bad, funny, sad.READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star "‘And in doing my work I always consider how you might be responding to the news you are hearing and what you might want to know." She continued: "But your response to me leaving has been completely unexpected and I have been really touched by the wave of warmth and kindness from you. "And I want to say thank you for all of your good wishes. It really has meant a lot to me." Continuing to reflect on her time with the broadcaster, Joanna went on: "I also want to say thank you to all of the people that shared their stories with me and you over my 30 years as a journalist. "Many of them have had an impact on me and have shaped the way I see things, and I hope it’s been the same for you. "It’s why I came into journalism – to give a voice, lend an ear, and shine a light. "And finally my colleagues past and present. I have learned from you, I’ve loved working with you, and I valued your support since I started out at 22. "I’ve never failed to be impressed by the talent, skills and dedication of the people around me. We’re a team, but it’s felt like family." DON'T MISS... Channel 5 viewers 'struggle' to watch 'contrived' drama The Catch [REACTION]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge mocks wife over setback [VIDEO]Piers Morgan wants final showdown with Meghan and Harry [LATEST]  Clearly choked up with emotion, the reporter concluded: "Lucky me to have had this great job that's never felt like a job. Thank you for having me. Bye-bye." She smiled but appeared tearful as she ended her speech and her final report to BBC viewers was met with applause by those in the studio. It was announced earlier this month the BBC would be losing three of its news reporters as ongoing plans for BBC World News and BBC News to be merged continue. Joanna, who in recent years has struck a chord with viewers for her candid and sometimes meotional responses to devastating news updates, took to social media shortly after to announce her plans to leave. She wrote on Twitter: "‘You may have already heard, but I wanted to confirm, that I have decided to leave the BBC and will go off air on the 26th January. "I am very grateful for the kind messages I’ve had from so many of you. I’m proud of my career in news. Now it is time for new beginnings." She followed with an update the next day, thanking fans for their support. "Yet again your response to something I’ve done is overwhelmingly lovely and I am so grateful," she wrote. "I don’t want to respond to some, because it ignores others, and I can’t do all because it would clog up your timeline! So this is to say, I’m reading everything and THANK YOU." 