Sadly, not everyone felt that, but whatever their personal feelings about the monarchy, discretion is the greater part of valour. Of course, I am not talking about campaign groups like Republic who released a short statement of condolence, but Her Majesty’s own grandson Harry and his wife, Meghan, who decided that the best course of action was to broadcast a six part documentary detailing their alleged grievances such as being gifted a mansion, a multi-million pound wedding and titles and the support of the nation to the royal couple.  They will be invited – because to not invite them would cause the sorts of controversy which The Firm does its best to avoid, as demonstrated by the silence following the stream of accusations in the six part bilge-fest which was Harry and Meghan's Netflix series. But, as we saw with the Trooping of the Colour in June, their presence or lack of it, and the speculation leading up to it, will provide ample opportunity for comment. If they don’t come, we’ll be told via "sources" that they "don’t feel welcome", that they "cannot rely on security" or some kind of insinuation that we’re a racist country – as demonstrated by the fact we voted as a nation for Brexit, apparently. The couple have already demanded an apology from their family for unverified accusations made in their programme, which are unlikely to be met, seeing as "recollections may vary" on their experiences. And the fact that many of their claims have been reported to be, how shall I put it, nonsense. One might suggest that it is their spurned family who could expect the apology – but with their new role as permanent victims, it seems more likely that the Conservatives will win the next election by a landslide than an olive branch from California is proffered from across the Atlantic. And if they do attend? Well, we saw at both the Jubilee and in the weeks following the death of Queen Elizabeth, that staying out of the way of the cameras is not their style. But the fact is interest in them is waning. Their moan-a-thon did not have the desired effect of turning us all against the Royal Family and proclaiming "they were right!". And since, it seems to me, they have shown precious little interest in earning money via methods which don't require attacking their relatives, it seems unlikely we’ll see Meghan retraining as a nurse and Harry mobilising his skills and becoming...a nursery assistant? It seems hard to find a use for Prince Harry unless one happens to have a Prince Harry shaped hole, but with unemployment at such high levels there must surely be someone looking for a new employee with an A-level in art. Perhaps following the coronation we might have some respite and look forward to a 2023 where our commentary of the royals is restricted to the promotion of their charitable causes and showcasing the country on the world stage. Which is exactly what Meghan and Harry could have done had they stayed. But that would have meant playing second fiddle – and we know that’s not in their long term strategy. And neither, it seems clear, is that greatest of assets - quiet dignity.