Disturbing video footage obtained by law enforcement investigating the alleged crimes against slain LSU student Madison Brooks shows some of the suspects "callously" laughing at the slurring 19-year-old shortly before she was fatally struck by a car in Baton Rouge, a city of 222,000 in Louisiana. Adult suspects Casen Carver and Kaivon Deondre Washington, both 18, and Washington’s 28-year-old uncle, Everett Lee, appeared in a Baton Rouge, Louisiana court late Tuesday for their bond hearing related to charges connected with Brooks. Carver and Lee are charged with being principles to third-degree rape, while Washington and a 17-year-old, who was not present, were charged with third-degree rape. The suspects allegedly raped intoxicated Brooks after picking her up at a local bar before abandoning her on a dark roadway where she was hit by a ride-share driver, whom East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office deemed was not "not impaired" at the time of the incident and had "contacted emergency personnel immediately". During Tuesday’s bond hearing, 19th Judicial District Judge Brad Myers said he personally had viewed footage related to the case. Specifically, Judge Myers said he watched a video of Brooks and the suspects from inside the vehicle, according to the report. He said footage, which was allegedly taken by one of the four suspects, depicted the others "callously" laughing at Brooks, who appeared to slur as she spoke. READ MORE: Bar's alcohol license suspended after girl, 19, is then raped, dumped and run over by car The video reportedly did not include the alleged rape. The judge also saw footage that showed Brooks inside a local bar, named Reggie’s, earlier in the night as she struggled to stand up and could be seen falling, WAFB reported. Judge Myers told the court "the evidence to me is clear" adding that it was obvious a crime had occurred before Brooks died. Police records show Brooks had a blood-alcohol content of 0.319% at the time of her death. DON'T MISSTrump is back on Facebook and Instagram [LATEST]Girl, 15, jailed for nine years after stabbing cheerleader [REPORT]Biden hit with new lawsuit as 20 states join fight [INSIGHT] Despite being over the limit, Lawyer Ron Haley, who represents Washington in the case, before the court hearing said video showed Brooks "wilfully got into the car". "To the point under the law that you say you’re in a drunken stupor, to the point that you cannot lawfully give consent or answer questions? Absolutely that was not the case," he said. He acknowledged what happened to Brooks was a "tragedy but definitely not a crime". The attorney also claimed that there was an argument and she got out of the car, saying that the men "did not put her off on the side of the road". READ MORE: Girl, 15, jailed for up to nine years after fatally stabbing rival cheerleader, 16 Also during Tuesday’s court hearing, prosecutors announced they would be seeking to charge the suspects with first-degree rape, though it was not clear if they planned to take the action against all or only some of the males. Carver and Lee are currently charged with being principles to third-degree rape, while Washington and a 17-year-old, who was not present, were charged with third-degree rape. In Louisiana, third-degree rape involves sexual intercourse that "is deemed to be without the lawful consent of a victim," according to state law. Prosecutors are also expected to empanel a grand jury. Judge Myers ordered Washington be held on $150,000 bond in connection with the third-degree rape charge. Carver and Lee, charged as principles, were ordered held on $50,000 and $75,000, respectively. Police documents related to the four arrests describe how the suspects and the victim had been drinking alcohol at a bar on Bob Pettit Boulevard, called Reggie’s, located roughly one mile from LSU campus. The four men left the bar with the victim, according to police records. Carver allegedly told police that Brooks "asked for a ride home", admitting "that he agreed to give her the ride because he did not want to leave her while very intoxicated and the bar was closing". Carver drove the vehicle, while Lee sat in the front passenger seat, Carver told police. Washington and the minor suspect sat in the back seat with Brooks, according to the police documents. Carver told police that both Washington and the 17-year-old asked Brooks multiple times "if she wanted to have sex," the affidavit states. He said she consented to Washington and the 17-year-old but added that "he thought the victim was ‘drunker’ and her speech was slurred", according to the affidavit. Carver told police that he and Lee were still in the vehicle at the time of the sex acts, the affidavit states, but that "he felt uncomfortable and he ‘hated it'", the document adds. Express.co.uk has reached out to Ron Haley's legal office for comment.