On Sunday evening, Lucille Robinson (played by Leonie Elliot) suffered a nervous breakdown after feeling homesick, longing for a child and the recent speech made by Enoch Powell. Dr Patrick Turner (Stephen McGann) told her she needed some time off, with her husband Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) supplying the perfect solution. After speaking to Dr Turner about her issues, he told her: "From everything that you have told me about how you are feeling, even your physical symptoms, medical intervention is what you need. "I know the way through this Lucille, before we move on, I have to ask one last thing, have you found yourself thinking of hurting yourself." Cyril later surprised her with an open return ticket to Jamaica and explained her happiness was the most important thing to him. As she looked at her life in Poplar, she told Cyril: "I don't want to. I want to go but I also don't want to leave," before he surprised her with the motorcycle he borrowed for their first date. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash They soon rode away from their home on the same motorbike, with Lucille taking a much-needed break away from her life in Poplar. Lucille actor Leonie has spoken out about her exit from the series and claimed the latest season was "incredibly difficult to film." Taking to her Twitter account, she told her fans: "This season was incredibly difficult to film. Thank you for all your kind words. "It's my hope for people watching that if they can see the good in her, maybe they can extend that to people in real life. "I care about her deeply. Many share her story of miscarriage and depression, and many share her experience of abuse, racial or otherwise. "Many of us face mental health challenges, I hope we can continue to love one another, support and listen to each other. Look after yourselves and each other." (sic) Leonie has been part of the BBC series since 2018 and joined the staff at Nonnatus House in season seven. She struck up a friendship with everyone immediately but grew especially close to stone-hearted Nurse Crane (Linda Bassett). DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [INSIGHT]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer  [WATCH]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [LATEST] It has not currently been revealed how long she will be absent from the show, or whether this marks her character's exit for the foreseeable future. Fans were left devastated on Sunday when Lucille took a step away from Poplar and took to their Twitter accounts to express their sadness. @Kezarus1 asked: "Is Lucille going to be missing for the rest of the series then?! #CallTheMidwife." @Jess_xHx pleased: "Please make sure you come home Lucille #callthemidwife." @xowildflowerxo exclaimed: "Oh...is Lucille leaving too?? Oh no, #callthemidwife." Susan Seddon commented: "I feel sorry for Lucille. Her storyline is tough to watch. Hope there's light at the end of the tunnel for her #CallTheMidwife." Sarah Chandler exclaimed: "I hope Lucille returns before the end of the series! #CalltheMidwife." @MissKittenFilan said: "I'm an emotional and complete wreck #CallTheMidWife." (sic) Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.