Qatar Sports Investment (QSI) are reportedly not interested in investing in Leeds United, with the group being heavily linked with ‘Big Six’ outfits. The Elland Road outfit were recently told by talkSPORT presenter Simon Jordan that they need a significant takeover if they are to regain their stance as one of the top clubs in the country. The Whites are currently 14th in the Premier League, showing glimmers of a side that could progress into the top half but also the weaknesses of a relegation candidate. Jesse Marsch will be keen to bolster his ranks this month with quality acquisitions to push up the table, and investment from elsewhere would certainly aid his transfer budget. However, that money will not be coming from the QSI, reports CBS Sports. The Paris Saint-Germain owners have ‘no interest in buying or investing’ in Leeds, and no talks have even taken place about the matter. QSI held talks with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy to explore their options with the club, with reports also linking the group with Manchester United. The Glazers are hoping to complete a sale of the club in the opening quarter of this year after putting them up for sale last year, following seasons of protests from supporters. The Telegraph report that United have had ‘serious takeover interest’ from the Middle East, Asia and America, and are hoping to receive formal offers from groups soon. It remains unclear whether the Glazers are looking to completely end their 18 years of ownership at Old Trafford or would prefer minority investment, and are therefore inviting offers for both. It remains to be seen which groups come forward with the best offers for the Red Devils, and whether those who are unsuccessful decide to pursue Leeds. Jordan believes that an American takeover would suit the club, he told talkSPORT. "I think with Leeds, I think they're an ownership model away from being a very significant, competing football club again. I think if they stay in the Premier League we might see that ownership model change,” explained the former Crystal Palace chairman. "Andrea (Radrizzani) has done a great job. We spent time with him in Qatar and he's done a great job getting Leeds back into the Premier League. I do think there probably is an ownership change that needs to happen and you'll probably find it's the Americans. “You don't see American investment into football clubs without necessarily some degree of engagement and that's why you've got an American manager in the dugout. I think Leeds are a management decision away from being a bigger football club because I don't think Jesse Marsch has got the chops.”