Dr Malcolm Donahue (played by Paul Kaye) bid farewell to Vera (Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) during the latest ITV episode as he explained he was moving on to new pastures. In true Vera style, she ended up saying her goodbyes after handing Malcolm a bacon sandwich. In next week's episode, fans will be introduced to Malcolm's replacement, Paula Bennett (Sarah Kameela Impey). ITV has since released a first-look picture of the pathologist ahead of the latest instalment. Vera doesn't adjust to change very well and it took her a while to warm up to Aiden when he replaced Joe Ashworth (David Leon). Speaking in a new interview, Brenda Blethyn admitted her character "isn't sure" of Paula at first. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Paying a tribute to her co-star Paul ahead of his exit, the actress began: "We say goodbye to the wonderful Paul Kaye as pathologist Dr Malcolm Donahue in the third new film Against The Tide. "Paul is one of the most positive people I know. No matter what the circumstances he’ll find something positive to say. "There was total respect between Vera and Malcolm along with some very dry humour from him. “The relationship between Vera and Malcolm has been interesting to play. But his replacement is good news." Discussing, Malcolm's replacement and their first encounter, Brenda continued: "When they first meet Vera isn’t quite sure what to make of her and thinks she’s a bit too clever for her own good. "But she is clever in a good sense. We meet Paula in the fourth film For The Grace Of God. "That’s a really good story that deals with ex-Army personnel and homelessness when a former soldier ends up down and out on the streets of Newcastle. "While the fifth new film, Blue is about a murdered copper found floating in a lake in a park.” DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Vera's Brenda Blethyn speaks out on Dr Malcolm Donahue's exit  [INSIGHT] Fans were left gutted by Malcolm's departure, and many took to social media at the time to share their thoughts. Amy wrote: "Aw I'll really miss Paul Kaye, Malcolm was a great character. #Vera @BrendaBlethyn @kennydoughty." Catherine tweeted: "‘Don’t forget to trample on more evidence on your way out’. I’m going to miss Malcolm, especially the sarcasm between him and Vera #vera." (sic) While Debbie Blackman added: "I'm going to miss the Vera and Malcolm relationship #Vera." Others pleaded for the pathologist to stay, with Charlotte writing: "Noooo I don’t want Malcolm to leave." "We don't want Malcolm to go #Vera," Anne said as Donna added: "Don't let Malcolm go Vera." (sic) Sunday's episode will see Vera and the team solving another mysterious murder. DCI Stanhope is called in after the body of Lance Corporal Conn Burns is discovered and unearths secrets from his past and betrayal in the present. Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.