Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has ruled out the prospect of making a late delve into the transfer market to bring in reinforcements, despite watching his side exit the FA Cup following a 2-1 fourth round defeat to Brighton on Sunday. The Reds lost at the American Express Community Stadium for the second time in a fortnight as their woes went from bad to worse. “Nothing will happen in this transfer window, not at all,” Klopp told reporters in the aftermath of his team’s latest defeat. “It's all good with this squad.” Liverpool completed the signing of winger Cody Gakpo from PSV at the start of the month as Klopp aimed to turn his team’s season around. But the Netherlands international hasn’t yet been able to help his new side kick-start their season. On Sunday, Liverpool appeared to be in the driving seat as Harvey Elliott opened the scoring after half an hour with a fine finish. But Brighton drew level before half time as Tariq Lamptey's shot from distance deflected off Lewis Dunk and evaded Reds keeper Alisson. And the hosts snatched victory two minutes into stoppage time at the end of the match as the in-form Kaoru Mitoma kept his cool in front of goal to lash the ball into the back of the net. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “We came here to go through to the next round, with the game a couple of weeks ago in mind, which was pretty much rock-bottom of the performances we had in my time,” Klopp added. “So that was better today, much better. “But still, in the end, we concede two goals from set-pieces. We pretty much closed the gaps where they passed through last time, but around set-pieces that doesn't help, so you have to do different stuff. So twice we were not close enough to avoid the goal. That doesn’t feel great, obviously. That's not cool, but we have to take it. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart   “Look, I am not over the moon about this performance but, again, the only thing that happened really is that we lost against a good side, who we lost [to] two weeks ago in a horrendous game. “Today was much better. With the performance from today two weeks ago, that would've looked different as well. But I understand 100 per cent. I don't sit here and think, ‘what are they talking about?’ I understand 100 per cent where you are coming from. But it's just the situation we are in.” 