A father of three children from Newcastle has begun 2023 with an astonishing accumulator of £5.4 million after placing just a £1.40 bet. Michael Clark, 32, is the official recipient of the largest win in Betfred's 56 years in business. Previously a mental health worker on minimum age, Mr Clark is engaged to fiancé Sherelle Pooley and has spoken of how the win will have a substantial impact on his family and future life plans, saying the couple are now "rich beyond our dreams." Mr Clark has talked of how the win will lead to a "total transformation" in their lives, with his friends now referring to him as "'Micky Millions" and Ms Pooley adding: "I am just so happy for Michael, me and the whole family. It's totally overwhelming. We are so lucky to have a new and better life ahead of us", according to Chronicle Live. The pair were brought up on a council estate, went to a nearby school, but have always "tried to be kind to others", with one of their initial acts upon receiving the winnings being to pay for a homeless man to spend the night in a hotel room in Newcastle city centre. Mr Clark has talked of how it only took him a short amount of time to win the money, saying: "I was on it for probably 20 or 30 minutes or so and just kept on winning until I found myself playing for the jackpot." "At first I thought we'd won £5,000, which was a great amount, but then I realised there were more numbers showing on my phone. I just couldn't believe that I'd actually won so much." At first, the couple thought there had been a mistake before they realised what was happening and began celebrating: "We started hugging each other when we realised it was real. I just couldn't stop crying, and there was no way I was going to go to sleep that night having won such an enormous amount of money", Mr Clark said. READ MORE: Mega millions jackpot climbs to $940 million - what can you buy for nearly $1 billion?  Though the Betfred winner has talked of how he "absolutely loved" his job in an all-age mental health unit, Mr Clark has said his employers have been very understanding of his need to take a step back since his big win. Mr Clark and Ms Pooley have extensive plans for the winnings, which include buying property, a new Tesla, indulging in their love of sport, taking care of their family, and possibly changing careers. "Now we can easily afford to get married and buy our forever home in the countryside. Six bedrooms will do very nicely indeed", Mr Clark said, also hinting at a potential move into property development in the future. "Sherelle's told her grandmother not to worry, she'll still look after her doing all the shopping and everything else." "I've only got a provisional driving licence so I'll be getting myself a few more lessons and then a new car, possibly a Tesla." The pair, who describe themselves as "true Geordies", have also talked of how season tickets for Newcastle United are also on their wish list, or maybe even a match day box as "the team under Eddie Howe are doing very well at the moment." DON'T MISS:  With wedding bells already on the cards before the win, Mr Clark told of how part of the cash will be upgrading their arrangements, talking of how "brilliant" it would be to have their wedding reception at St. James' Park. The couple first met when Mr Clark was working at KFC, with Ms Pooley a regular customer, and the pair going on a date in a coffee shop. "We've been engaged for seven years", explained Mr Clark, "and we'll be replacing Sherelle's engagement ring and getting something a lot more expensive than the £1,000 we spent in 2016. I might even buy myself a posh new watch." With Ms Pooley having never travelled by plane before, Michael Clark has talked about how they are sorting out a passport for his fiancé to facilitate their new honeymoon plans. Mr Clark said: "The honeymoon will probably be in the Caribbean – maybe Jamaica – and we'll be travelling first class." The couple started the year by hosting a party for 35 friends and relatives. Still, Mr Clark has talked of how "absolutely determined" not to waste money, meaning that the "next generations of our family can also flourish." While Michael Clark is still "trying to come to terms" with his big win, he has spoken of his determination to "stay grounded" and "live life to the fullest." Mr Clark concluded: "I'm just absolutely over the moon. You see these big prizes available and think nobody ever wins them. Well, they do… it's me!" "It's just unbelievable what has happened to us – a total transformation of our lives. To be starting 2023 as not just a millionaire but a multi-millionaire has blown my mind. I can't thank Betfred enough... it's massively appreciated what they have done for us." Betfred has also added their own congratulations, with the company boss Fred Done reportedly sending them champagne and saying: "This proves nice guys can win. Michael is the most worthy of winners. It is brilliant news for this smashing couple." Michael Clark has talked of how he is now developing a "bit of a taste" for champagne but won't be forsaking a "pint of dog", which is "what us Geordies call Newcastle Brown."