Narinder Kaur and Charles Rae appeared on GB News to talk to host Nigel Farage about Prince Harry's latest claims, made both in his memoir Spare and his recent televised interviews. However, as Naridna defended the Duke of Sussex, a clash ensued, and several viewers admitted they had to "switch off". It came as Nigel argued for the Prince to be stripped of his titles, while Narinder claimed the Duke of Sussex was a victim of racism. Nigel had asked viewers and guests whether Prince Harry should lose his royal titles after recent claims made about Prince William and the Queen Consort. Introducing the two guests, Nigel commented: "Now Narinda, you have been very sympathetic towards Harry and Meghan and previously on this show, you said they've been victims of racism. "Can we at least knock that on the head? Because Harry says it was not racism." "No!" Narinder replied. "But it's unconscious bias, and British law, you must accept that British law says unconscious bias is a form of racism. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry "It's racism - you can't deny that they have experienced it." "And it was the hallucinosis drugs he took that helped him to see the unconscious bias," Nigel quipped, referring to a part of Harry's memoir. "No, because he was asked why did Prince William had a problem with Meghan," Navinder argued. "Because she was American because she was biracial and her mother was black - that's racism! You can't deny it." Nigel later wondered: "When she first appeared on our TV screens, I wonder how many people said that she's black?" "I doubt anyone would have said she's black," Charles stated. "She was the one who made the point about being biracial, there's nothing wrong with that." He continued: "At the start, everybody loved her. People thought the couple were the greatest thing since sliced bread!" "It was a fairytale wedding in Windsor," Nigel added as Narinder continued to hit back. "But Harry had already put out a statement saying that the British media were putting out racist press and he didn't like that," she pointed out. "He changed his mind yesterday on this -" Nigel remarked. DON'T MISS... Love Island sparks diversity backlash as fans ask for 'real people' [LATEST]Ruth Langsford shut down by Loose Women guest over blunder [VIDEO]Jasmine Harman 'speechless' as A Place in the Sun duo joke 'divorce' [LATEST] Narinder later went on to claim: "William and Kate were jealous. "Did you not watch the interviews last night and feel, 'What has this boy been through?'" "I was thinking, 'Oh my God, I wanted to watch Happy Valley but instead I was watching unhappy valley," Charles responded as Nigel laughed. "Do you not think there's a denialism here?" Narinder shouted, to which Nigel responded: "There's a thing called private family rows, and it would be better if this stuff was not aired in public." Narinder went on to argue that airing in public is a good thing because it revealed the "bias and prejudice" of the Royal Family. However, the debate left some fans unimpressed, with many claiming to "switch off" the programme. Others became frustrated by Narinder Kaur's comments surrounding the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. User @Champersq1 fumed: "Enjoyed David Starkey’s brilliant analysis then up pops screeching Narinder. I’ve switched off." "Nigel, who is that woman you have on? Harry is bad enough, save us from her," user @h_bronwen tweeted. "Sorry, Nigel but I had to switch over to a different channel," user @Anthony86505305 tweeted. While @sloafcoleman added: "Loving this debate, except for the arrogant, aggressive Narinder Kaur." "David Starkey summed it up perfectly. Don’t take their titles, leave them to self-destruct. He is right about Harry being a traitor," user @dee_1221 said. "Narinder believes anything Harry says as fact, surprise, surprise." Farage airs weekdays from 9pom on GB News.