Britney Spears, 41, took to Instagram earlier today to share a video of herself dancing to Jennifer Lopez's song Booty featuring rapper Iggy Azalea. The Toxic hitmaker could be seen twirling around in a pair of low-rise grey mini shorts and a crop top and a pair of fingerless gloves. The video also featured a clip of Britney lighting a lighter just inches from her tongue in-between dance moves. In the caption, Britney revealed she had been dancing to the song Hips Don't Lie by Shakira for three hours. Britney announced: “Found my hands with some red gloves !!!” She then began her reflection: “I meditated to ‘Hips Don’t Lie’ by @shakira !!! I just said ‘keep shaking your a**’ and I did for 3 hours !!! “Not really punctual and will probably take down in two days … but I think I just found the playground!!!” [Sic] The post comes after Britney seemingly informed fans she's "changed her name" while posing naked in an intimate shower video. The mum-of-two re-shared an intimate clip showing her enjoying a shower while posing seductively. Britney accompanied the racy post with a cryptic caption suggesting she had “changed her name” to Brooklyn. In the footage, Britney shot sultry looks at the camera while cupping her cleavage with her hands. The star captioned the post, which was shared overnight: “Changed my name to Brooklyn !!!” Britney added two cheeky emojis to her caption, but didn’t provide any further explanation behind her name change declaration. Britney’s dedicated fanbase had recently been raising concerns for the star due to her and husband Sam Asghari’s recent Instagram posts. DONT MISS:Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [PHOTOS]Jeremy Renner ‘ran over leg’ and ‘lost a lot of blood’ - new details [NEWS]Earth, Wind & Fire drummer Fred White has died aged 67 [LATEST] Sam, 28, shared an insight into how the couple had been spending Christmas together.   The caption was shared alongside a photo of the pair sitting on top of a hill with spectacular views behind them. It wasn’t long before a conspiracy theory emerged online that the couple pictured in Sam’s snap didn’t actually feature him or Britney. One Britney fan claimed: "The first photo is definitely not Britney! The girl is clearly wearing a wig." A second social media user speculated: "Not even gonna lie that doesn’t even look like Sam when you zoom in! Like look at his chin, that’s not him!!" However, other fans of the couple were quick to dismiss the theories about the photo. One social media user hit back: "Britney is just fine y’all . Y’all started this conspiracy theories." A second fan fumed: “She posts stuff, people criticise, she doesn’t post stuff people criticise, Sam posts stuff, people criticise!! Can people stop being so judgemental, the woman is living her life how she wants and needs to! Be happy for them."