Nile Rodgers, 70, has worked with some of the biggest names in music including Madonna, Diana Ross and David Bowie. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk Nile recalled the moment he met the now-King Charles at one of his Prince's Trust events, with the musician having to shut down the royal after he claimed he "didn't know" his songs. Express.co.uk asked Nile if he had met any royals, with the musician admitting he has met "almost all" of the family after performing at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. He then recalled playing at a Prince's Trust event and the "funny" chat he had with Charles before he took to the stage, which left him shutting down the royal. Nile said: "I've played the Prince's Trust, which is funny because now he's King! "I remember when I played and we were chatting and he was really nice and really kind, and he appreciated the fact that the audience loved the music. I mean, they were just going on and on! READ MORE: Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' "He said to me before the show started: 'You know I don't believe I know your songs'. "I laughed and said: 'I promise you, you do!'" Nile then mentioned seeing King Charles post his 10 favourite songs recently, with it including the Chic co-founder's collaboration with Diana Ross on track Upside Down. He continued: "Anyway, he had just posted a few weeks ago his 10 favourite songs and one of my songs was number three, and I kept thinking, like, people don't realise sometimes. "Well, they don't realise that Diana Ross was not its composer. "I mean, she's the performer but, you know, one of his songs, his third favourite song was a song called Upside Down by Diana Ross and I wrote it!" Nile also recalled the starstruck moment he felt performing when Sir Paul McCartney formed a dance circle for him. He said: "One of the greatest moments of my life was when I was playing President Obama's final party just two or three days before he left the presidency. DON'T MISS... Jeff Beck dies after meningitis battle 'Tremendous loss' [DEATH] Angelina Jolie oozes elegance on shopping trip with daughter Zahara [PICS] Piers Morgan issues apology to Ed Sheeran after 'abusive' Twitter rant [COMMENT] "I looked out on the dance floor and there was Paul McCartney, with his wife, and he had formed a dance circle, and he was singing the lyrics to my songs." Nile admitted he "couldn't believe" how lucky he was, as the first song he learned to play on guitar was Live and Let Die by The Beatles. He continued: "And I'm going, how can this be life? Paul McCartney is singing my song and you could see that he knew all the words!" Nile, along with Nirvana, The Supremes and Slick Rick are among the artists to be honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2023 Grammys. Ma Rainey, Bobby McFerrin, and Heart’s Ann Wilson and Nancy Wilson are also 2023 recipients. Nile is currently promoting his most recent project, the Make It With Nile YouTube docuseries, where Samsung has partnered with the music legend to uncover new ways music is being made today. He chats to the creatives about making it in music and how it’s changed over the years thanks to advances in smartphone technology, platforms like TikTok and opportunities like StemDrop. Speaking on the project, Nile said: "I think it's great, any form of reaching the public to me is fantastic. "It's easy to think about the possible negative stuff, but I'm not really like that. I always try to look at the positive. "An artist can reach anybody out there, it's amazing. It's an amazing gift to me, that's what we live for." You can watch 'Make It With Nile' series now on @SamsungUK YouTube channel