Joseph Valente won series 11 of The Apprentice when he was 25 years old. The entrepreneur cut ties with Lord Alan Sugar two years after the business mogul gave him a £250,000 investment. Looking ahead, the businessman has exclusively told Express.co.uk about wanting to launch a show which rivals The Apprentice.   The 33-year-old said he was grateful to win The Apprentice and go into business with Lord Sugar as "it opened up so many doors I wouldn’t have been able to walk through" otherwise. Joseph founded ImpraGas when he was just 22 years old but two years after winning The Apprentice he had to sell the business amid reports it owed almost £2 million to creditors. He now owns three businesses, including The Trade Mastermind where he mentors individuals and groups in the construction industry. The Apprentice recently returned to screens for its 17th series, and Joseph reflected on the show and shared his future plans with Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat  He stated: "I think the candidates on there are not serious business people and in most cases, it’s got too commercial for me. "I was a big fan of the show as it was all about business, and it was about serious business people going on to win. "There were not many who went on there for 15 minutes of fame - it was about hardcore business. "I think after my series, I’m not saying this because I won, but it started to get more commercial and started to go downhill."  Joseph continued: "It’s lost its business edge. There is plenty of reality TV, like Love Island and all that. "But there are plenty of people who want to watch a business show to get inspired about business." "There is not a lot of that around and it is something I am very passionate about doing," he added. "I am speaking to a number of different production companies about getting my own TV show." Joseph highlighted how the main business programmes on television are Dragons’ Den and The Apprentice - both air on BBC One. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice's 'most successful’ business with net assets worth £2m [LATEST]The Apprentice star argues Lord Sugar 'shouldn't have' fired him [INSIGHT]The Apprentice star confirms pregnancy after unexpected exit [EXPLAINER]  He added: "Now Lord Sugar is 70-something, and Steven Bartlett is now a Dragon on Dragons’ Den and he’s going to have attracted a much younger audience to the show. "People need more young entrepreneurs to not show the only way to be successful is to be 50 plus." The newest Dragon Steven is 30 years old and he is the co-founder of Social Chain which had a market value of over £300 million last year. While Joseph is making millions of pounds each year without Lord Sugar's help, he admitted he regrets "breaking up the partnership" with the 75-year-old "so early on".   Joseph said: "I was a young guy, and I wanted to take the business in a different direction than what he wanted to. "I stopped the partnership early and now looking back he would have been a great ally to have for the long term, not just the short term. "I was very shortsighted at the time, I was thinking about the business which I was in rather than the long-term opportunities." The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. 