Decorated 15-year-old amateur boxer, Donovan Garcia, has tragically passed away from head injuries suffered in a major car accident. The young fighter sustained severe brain damage from the crash, which occurred on January 11 and was pronounced dead six days later. According to a GoFundMe set up for Garcia’s memorial, his parents fought to keep him on life support with his entire body from the neck down being fully functional. But despite their best efforts his health began to decline and was unresponsive to the doctor’s final tests. “My 15-year-old cousin, Donovan, was in a major car accident on Wednesday, January 11, 2023. He suffered severe brain injuries. Donovan's final test was conducted yesterday,” wrote his cousin Rosmina on the page. “He was not responsive. They legally pronounced Donovan dead at 6.18pm on Tuesday, January 17, 2023. However, being that Donovan's entire body from the neck down was fully functional, his parents fought to keep him on life support. “Despite their best efforts, Donovan’s health started to decline. Sadly, Donovan fought his biggest battle and went 7 rounds, but he was tired. His family wants everyone to know that he is at peace and they are at peace with God’s will. We will update everyone on services as soon as we can. Thank you everyone for the continued prayers, support, and love. Donovan’s memory and legacy will live on forever. #DonovanStrong.” Garcia won multiple honours during his time in the amateurs including a Golden Gloves title in 2019. His coach, Manuel Alvarado, paid tribute to the talented pugilist, writing: “I had the pleasure of training him when he was 7 yrs old and got him registered with USA BOXING to start his amateur career. He went on to be a great champion beating some of the best boxers. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury explains Hague is reason for him taking Paul fight Joshua's next opponent goes full Wilder with chilling warning Hearn stands by Davis comments after being accused of 'racial tropes' “Boxing was his passion. He leaves a place in many hearts. Now he is a champion in heaven looking down on all of us I will miss him until we are all united in heaven the young man with a golden heart!” Meanwhile, Pat Butler, a USA Boxing board member, wrote in Garcia’s obituary: “My deepest sympathies to all of Donovan’s family and friends. I had the privilege of officiating several of his boxing events. He always conducted himself with great charisma, class and skills.”