West Ham have already bolstered David Moyes' squad with the signing of Danny Ings, but more signings are expected in the final hours of the transfer window. They were dealt a significant blow last week when Ings picked up an injury less than 24 hours after being unveiled. And while Moyes admitted "nothing is in the pipeline" earlier this week, he also hinted that more moves can't be ruled out late in the window. West Ham are currently in the big group of teams fending off a relegation battle heading into the second half of the season. Those around them such as Leeds, Bournemouth, Wolves and Nottingham Forest have all been busy recruiting in the January window. And the Hammers won't want to be left behind with Moyes' squad in need of a boost in the market. Several players continue to be linked with moves to the London Stadium. Express Sport takes a look at two deals which could make the world of difference for Moyes.  Goals have been hard to come by for West Ham this season with Moyes unable to find a winning formula in attack. It's hoped that Ings' arrival can help solve that issue and his injury is only set to rule him out for a couple weeks. But another attacker may be needed to completely overhaul West Ham's attack and Terem Moffi appears to be the top target. Ligue 1 side Lorient are seemingly willing to enter talks with an asking price of £26million set. They've reportedly already rejected two bids from the Hammers, but their interest is clear and he would add some much-needed firepower. The 23-year-old has impressed in Ligue 1 this season, scoring 12 goals in 18 matches.  Making a statement signing in midfield to help Declan Rice would also make the world of difference for Moyes. Tomas Soucek has been the main partner to Rice in midfield playing in behind the attacking options. But the 27-year-old was dropped for West Ham's win over Everton and Moyes changed the shape of the team to five at the back. That may have been out of necessity with a lack of options in midfield to change things up. That may change in the final days of the market though with L'Equipe claiming West Ham are showing an interest in former Arsenal star and World Cup finalist Matteo Guendouzi. The 23-year-old has impressed since moving to Marseille and is being touted for a return to the Premier League. He showed in parts what he was capable of during his time at Arsenal, but the Frenchman has matured with Marseille and he would be a brilliant addition to Moyes' midfield.