As the cost of living and Christmas splurging pinches our pockets, the Daily Express newspaper is offering a one-time voucher that allows all the family to access the astounding National Trust sites across Britain completely free. Whether you’re an adrenaline junkie or prefer to marvel at stunning landscapes and architecture, the charity has a perfect day out for you. Every reader can redeem a free visit to one of the spectacular sites with our giveaway starting on Friday, January 20. The family pass — worth more than £26 — allows two adults and up to three children to enjoy a number of the astounding National Trust sites dotted across England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Here are our top picks for where you should visit with your loved ones for free:     One of Wales’s architectural wonders, the 17th-century mansion is surrounded by 90 acres of stunning gardens and parkland. Situated just off the M4, it is the ideal place to stretch your legs or — if you are all feeling like pushing yourself — take part in the 5k run for adults or the 2k run for those aged four to 14. The house and garden are closed until February 11 but the parkland and cafe are open every day. And, if you take the adored 40-minute amble around the lakeside, you can enjoy views of Tredegar House lined by the famous Oak Avenue. The beauty of the Lake District is no secret but Windermere, England’s largest lake that stretches for some ten miles, is host to a whole range of activities for all the family from fishing and boating to paddling and swimming if you feel like braving the cold water. Along the shoreline, there are several slipways that also have hot showers and warm changing rooms ready for when you emerge from taking a chilly dip. At Fell Foot, there are open water swimming courses and, for those feeling adventurous, white-water rafting.     The largest sea lough in both the UK and Ireland, covering a staggering 80 square nautical miles, is the perfect location for avid canoeists thanks to the fast-running tide. The water can also be explored from afar as you wander along the Orlock coastal walk which offers views of the Copeland Islands and the Irish Sea. The Strangford Lough also boasts much of Northern Ireland’s finest scenery which is itself home to an array of wildlife and conservation projects. Thanks to its 125 acres of green oasis, you immediately feel as though they have left the bustling capital when you step into the park. Morden Hall is surrounded by meadows and trees and was formerly a deer park. Visitors can amble along the multi-use flat Wandle trail through the park. Dogs are welcome but asked to be kept on a short lead in the “heart” of the park. If you work up an appetite, there is a cafe situated at the renovated Stable Yard where there is also a bookshop. Within the remaining estate buildings, there are workshops used by local artists. Those with green fingers will enjoy the garden centre — the only one at a National Trust site. READ MORE: The incredible story of the National Trust's Seaton Delaval Hall     Nestled on the 600-acre parkland is the “unstately home” of Calke Abbey where the paint is peeling off the walls and several rooms are seemingly left abandoned. The house gives insight into the eccentric and reclusive life of the Harpur family. Outside, a secret garden and the 1,200-year-old “Old Man of Calke” oak tree are waiting to be discovered. Calke Abbey’s Tramway Trail is accessible to cyclists, walkers, wheelchairs, and pushchairs. There are also accessible routes into the gardens and the ground floor of the Baroque building and, if you get peckish, there is a cafe, restaurant, and shop on site. Near Wimborne Minster lies the Kingston Lacy house and estate which is home to the oldest established gentry collection of paintings in Britain. There you will find works by the likes of Rubens and Van Dyck. Not only that, but it is also home to the largest private collection of Egyptian artifacts in the UK. For hundreds of years the Grade II listed building, which resembles a Venetian Palace, belonged to the Bankes family before it was bequeathed to the National Trust in 1981. Today, visitors can enjoy the Japanese garden, woodland, and almost three miles of multi-use trail. Three powered mobility vehicles are available to loan. Booking in advance is recommended. DON'T MISS: Supplements may offer 35% reduction in visceral fat [INSIGHT]James Dyson rages at Sunak's 'stupid' economic policies [LATEST]King Charles redirects wind farm profits of £1billion to 'public go... [REPORT]    In the heart of Suffolk lies an Italiante Palace which has more than 1,800 acres of parkland and gardens for visitors to enjoy. John Hervey, who inhered the Ickworth Estate in 1700, demolished the manor and built a new one, supposedly consulting Blenheim Palace architect John Vanbrugh. For families who want to safely explore nature, there is a range of cycle routes that cater to all skills and ages — you can either bring your own bike or borrow one from the bike hub. There are also balance bikes and trailers so that the little ones don't miss out — but they must be over the age of 24 months and up to 45kg.  The single-use pass, available from Friday, January 20, can be used up until March 31, 2023. Buy a copy of the Daily Express or Sunday Express and cut out the voucher. Then take it with you to your chosen site and present it to a member of staff. Some National Trust sites may require booking in advance or could be excluded from the offer. Please find the terms and conditions here.   