As speculation grows that the Duke of Sussex will "attack" the Prince of Wales in his highly-anticipated memoir, which will hit shelves next week, US royal correspondent Kinsey Schofield told GB News it's time for Prince Harry to "move on" as she agreed with predictions about an attack on Prince William, who has been "the one person in the world to make his life easier". It comes as experts predict Harry will turn his focus on William now that his father, King Charles III, is monarch. Rumours have swirled about what the contents of Spare might focus on, and as the publication date draws closer, experts are discussing what might be revealed in the book. It comes just weeks after Harry & Meghan hit Netflix, with the tell-all series seeing the couple make fresh accusations against the royals. Appearing on Tuesday's GB News, Kinsley claimed that the Prince of Wales will be "attacked" by Harry. GB News host Isabel Webster remarked: "It strikes me that they've [Harry and Meghan Markle] gone for the highest scalp they can at the time. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "So when the Queen was alive that was his father, now his father is the monarch, it has to be his brother. "I mean there's a calculation, is that not your view?" "It's absolutely my view," Kinsley replied. "And it's so unfortunate, Isabel because if you've studied the Royal Family, you know that Prince William has spent the majority of his life protecting his younger brother from his mother's mistakes, from his father's mistakes. "Shielding his eyes and ears because he wanted to protect his heart., and he is truly going after the one person in the world that has tried to make his life easier. "And I think it's devastating and I think it really does hurt William - I think it hurts him deeply. "Unfortunately, or fortunately, we won't see that because he's an intensely private person, "You know think about when Prince Harry came back from active duty, he was doing those press interviews, and he was clearly frustrated. "It was William that stepped in and told the media that the interviews were over. "William has been fiercely protective of his brother, and to see Harry turn on him is deeply disappointing." DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans 'work out' who is helping Tommy Lee Royce [LATEST]Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [VIDEO]Call the Midwife viewers in tears over 'heartbreaking' cancer death [REACTION] Turning her attention to Spare, Kinsley remarked there was a "morbid curiosity" from people in the US. She also expressed the Prince needs to "grow up and move on". "Here in the States it's available for free on Audible, on Amazon if you don't have an audible subscription already you can get that for free," she commented. "I do think there's going to be a morbid curiosity with it, like everything else, people are curious to see if he slams his family if there are any specific details. "But I don't think it's going to be something earth-shattering, I don't think this it's going to be a positive element to his legacy. "To continue to complain about the same thing for three years, it's time to grow up and move on." In their Netflix docuseries, Harry and Meghan reflected on their exit from the Royal Family. Prince Harry controversially described William as having "screamed" at him during talks about stepping down from the monarchy. Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.