  Loose Women star Denise Welch, 64, took to Twitter this evening to blast Dancing On Ice following the low scores her friend Michelle Heaton, 43, received on the show. The Liberty X star became the latest celebrity to be eliminated from the ITV competition tonight.      In view of her 555,100 followers, Denise tweeted: “There is no way Michelle should be at the bottom!!! “Totally ridiculous!!!!” she added with the hashtag #dancingonice. The star’s followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on tonight’s results. Rachel wrote: “Absolutely ridiculous scoring going on tonight. She was better than a few others.” READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez' ex Marc Anthony remarries as their children stay in LA    “Her marks should have been higher for sure,” Tracey agreed. “She was better than Patsy (Palmer) and Ekin-Su (Cülcüloğlu).” (sic) “For once we agree! There’s no way she deserved those marks!” added Elizabeth. While J Andrew argued: “I believe Michelle was the right person to leave, she was nervous and it showed in her performance. I predicted she would leave.” Julie penned: “I love Michelle, but she was the weakest dancer… It’s not about friends, personalities… But dancing!” (sic)     Jemima added: “She was unsteady and awkward… Despite Patsy’s fall she was still stronger at skating. “Though Michelle did improve through the performance her skating was still poor.” (sic) Tonight, the show’s remaining contestants took to the ice once more in a bid to try and impress the judging panel. This year, the returning judges include Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean, Ashley Banjo and former Strictly Come Dancing professional Oti Mabuse. READ MORE... Pamela Anderson admits Hugh Hefner was only man to give her respect [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE] Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT]     However, a twist in tonight’s proceedings meant that there was no skate-off during the episode. Therefore, the stars were largely left at the mercy of the judges' scores and, with the lowest numbers of the night, Michelle’s chances looked bleak. For musicals week, the celebrities transformed into well-known characters from the West End. This saw Michelle and her partner Łukasz Różycki perform to All That Jazz from Chicago, which earned them a dismal score of 20.      The pair ended up at the bottom of the leaderboard, underneath EastEnders star Patsy Palmer who had the first fall on the ice this series. However, many viewers were impressed by Michelle and took to social media to air their frustrations. In the end, Michelle became the second person to be eliminated after not receiving enough votes from the public or judges. Dancing On Ice returns next Sunday at 6.25pm on ITV.    