And in a US interview teaser, Harry says he tried to resolve differences privately but was scuppered by the Palace’s leaks to the press. He also lambasts the royals’ “never complain, never explain” approach. It looks as if this week will be a long one in the Sussex saga, with the promise of more queasy detail about the disagreements between Harry, William and Charles. Something has to break, and perhaps it will be Harry himself. In poignant moments from the ITV trailer, Harry says, “I want a family, not an institution” and adds, “I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back”. This offers hope for a reconciliation. But when Spare lands on January 10 it may be too late. Every detail will be eviscerated. The Palace will remain tight-lipped. And will this antagonism be positive for Harry in the long term? It seems unlikely. The NHS and its poor patients are having a hellish winter. Several factors have combined to squeeze the beleaguered service at a time when the population is at its most vulnerable. Seasonal flu, a resurgence of Covid, the glacial backlog of operations, a labour shortage and the pressures of strikes – due to continue throughout January – are all reasons for this dismal winter of discontent. Now NHS Confederation CEO Matthew Taylor expects “the quality of care to be compromised” in the next three months. His message is clear: don’t get ill until spring. This is a catastrophic failure. The Government must immediately prioritise the emergency resuscitation of the NHS, show it is attempting to resolve the crisis and in the longer term, reboot the health service with proper staffing levels. With so many dying from delays, this must be the only course of action. We know Britons adore a beach hut, and this weekend showed the depth of that love, as hopefuls queued for up to 30 hours in the freezing wet weather to snap up 15 long-term rental chalets at Avon Beach, Christchurch, Dorset. The beach’s 130 shacks have a spartan charm. But it’s the sheer indomitability of their mad hutters that’s worth celebrating, and their optimism for summer sunshine.