Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is worried that Alejandro Garnacho could get too comfortable at Old Trafford if he is given a huge pay rise in any new contract with the Red Devils, according to reports. The 18-year-old winger has emerged as one of United's brightest young talents over the last few months and has managed to force his way into the first-team setup by making the most of his chances to impress Ten Hag over the course of this season. United recently kicked off talks with Garnacho regarding a contract extension but were reportedly knocked back with their first offer that was said to include a salary of around £20,000 per week. Negotiations are still underway between both parties and an agreement is said to be 'close', according to The Telegraph, although Ten Hag is said to be wary that giving Garnacho too much too soon could have a negative impact on his current levels of hunger and desire to succeed with the Red Devils. It is said that United are eager to avoid making the same mistake as they did with former starlet Adnan Januzaj, who was rewarded with a money-spinning deal in 2013 just two months after breaking into the club's first-team setup under the management of David Moyes. The Belgian winger's potential went on to fade and he never lived up to the hype that he managed to generate before earning his new contract, which ultimately saw him sold to Real Sociedad after spending two years on loan with Borussia Dortmund and Sunderland. Ten Hag is reportedly desperate to avoid condemning Garnacho to a similar fate by offering him a deal that provides just the right incentive to keep improving, as opposed to giving the teenage forward a lucrative salary that would risk wrecking his motivation levels at Old Trafford. The United manager believes that Garnacho has no shortage of potential to emerge as a crucial member of United's squad over the coming seasons and recently insisted that his dribbling ability can only be matched by a select few players in English football. JUST IN: Arsenal target Ivan Fresneda's agents 'visit London for talks' When asked to explain just how much Garnacho has improved since the beginning of the campaign, Ten Hag said: "A lot. He has a skill that I don’t see many players in the Premier League having, he beats players one on one. "He’s learnt in the last months about how to play in a team, how to live, how to do the right things in the week, how to have the right attitude on the training ground and you see how he’s acting as a team player and with his individual skills that can make the difference. "Also for him it’s to keep going in the process. It’s not done, there is a lot to come. There is a lot of room for improvement with him but he can help, he can contribute on the highest level already and I’m really happy. "It’s a bonus for us as a club that you bring in young players and they can come not only into the squad but the team and I think that is a part of our project that has to contribute to our success." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.