Ron DeSantis will heavily rely on the former Jacksonville television host to influence and inspire his campaign should he heed calls to stand against Donald Trump in 2024. The Florida Governor has been tipped to run for months as he emerged as a leading voice in the post-Trump Grand Old Party (GOP). And Casey DeSantis is expected to take on a prominent role in her husband's electoral strategy going forward. Florida reporter Matt Dixon explored DeSantis's importance in shaking up the party around her husband as she emerged as one of the "most powerful" First Ladies in the state's history. Dixon said: "Casey DeSantis is unquestionably the most important person influencing DeSantis’ policy and political operations." DeSantis is known for her staunchly conservative views and took a leading role in the campaign to secure her husband's second term as Governor of Florida last November. She has emerged as a pro-family traditionalist, highlighting Ron DeSantis's commitment to fighting back against President Joe Biden's perceived "assault on America" while carving a public advocacy role for herself. JUST IN: US tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China: 'Awakened sleeping giant'  The POLITICO reporter added: "The former Jacksonville television personality is seen as perhaps the most powerful first lady in Florida political history, taking both public positions on key issues like mental health funding as well as more behind-the-scenes duties, including playing a leading role in changing the makeup at the Republican Party of Florida to bring in people seen as DeSantis loyalists. "She is the Governor’s closest confidant and has more sway than any other adviser." The 42-year-old worked as an anchor for the local Jacksonville channel WJXT before stepping down from her role when Ron DeSantis became Governor of Florida for the first time in 2018. She also used her experience as a mother of three to win over the endorsement of Florida mothers, expressing her appreciation for having a "pro-family" Governor. READ MORE: Kamala Harris fails to win Vice President endorsement from Democrat Elizabeth Warren She wrote on her website: "Governor DeSantis has spent three and a half years enacting policies in support of our families. "Because of his leadership, the Sunshine State has thrived." She added: "In Florida, we are blunting Biden’s assault on America and standing up for Floridians." The Governor has often used Casey's media background to include her in his political ads, with commentators noting the former anchor's expertise had highlighted her preparedness to take on the role of Florida's First Lady. DON'T MISS: Love Island sickness tears through the villa [LATEST]GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [SPOTLIGHT]Trump is 'savvier' and a 'more difficult adversary', insider says [ANALYSIS] Ahead of an interview with DeSantis after her husband's election in 2018, Florida Politics noted: "Where most campaigns spend weeks prepping candidate’s non-politician spouses for an interview or two over the course of a campaign, there’s little worry that Casey, an Emmy Award-winning TV host who certainly isn’t camera shy, will fumble her words or otherwise slip up in media appearances or stump speeches." She has also been very vocal in defending her husband's policies, firing back at detractors accusing the Governor of "weaponising" board school races to promote his education agenda. DeSantis hit back on Twitter, saying: "Weaponizing?! Since when is empowering parents and putting students first “weaponizing?  DeSantis has been tipped to stand against fellow GOP candidate Donald Trump to oust Joe Biden from the White House in 2024. He has however so far refused to confirm whether he intends to run.