Tottenham have been urged to copy their Premier League rivals after Antonio Conte’s January transfer window has been described as a “disaster” by former midfielder Jamie O’Hara. Spurs hijacked Everton’s deal to sign Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma on loan and could end the window with Pedro Porro after chasing the Sporting wing-back all month. O’Hara has not been happy with Spurs bringing in just two players this month, as they are unlikely to make any further deals beyond Porro after rescuing a deal for the Spaniard. “Again it’s a bit of a disaster from Tottenham isn’t it,” O’Hara told Sky Sports. “It just takes ages to get things done with Daniel Levy and once he [Porro] is in a Spurs shirt, I will believe it is done. This is the problem with us, yesterday it looked like it was off, I was pulling my hair out and today it looks like it is going to happen again. “He is a good signing for us, he is better than what we have got and I think we need to start adding quality to the team that’s actually going to improve the 11 players on the pitch. Too many times Spurs have signed players that have just improved the squad, we need to sign players like Arsenal have done, like Manchester United have done, like Newcastle have done. “Sign players that are going to improve the 11 players that are going to start the game and for me, Pedro Porro is better than [Matt] Doherty, he is better than Emerson Royal, he is a fantastic player and I think we have to get him over the line which improves the team. That’s the most important thing for us. “The team hasn’t been good enough, players haven’t been good enough, miles off it. We have fallen behind and as I said - you look at Manchester United, look at Newcastle, look at Arsenal, the players they have signed have come in and improved the team. Not the bench, improved the team and that’s what Tottenham need to do.” DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan O’Hara identified as many as six positions that need improving and urged his former side to “do a Chelsea” and continue spending. “There is a lot of competition now for four places of Champions League football so teams are spending money,” O’Hara added. “Spurs are fifth, we are in a decent position. I still think we need more, I think we need a new goalkeeper, Hugo Lloris for me is coming to the end of his era at Tottenham - a fantastic era. "I think we need centre-halves, I would like to see us get another creative midfielder, a striker, winger, we need reinforcements for sure. Let’s do a Chelsea!”