Here are a few predictions if they do… Many hundreds of A-list guests – the vast majority completely unknown to the Sussexes – will make most of the journey in private jets, walking the last few hundred yards barefoot in the sand, to show their concern about global warming. Harry and Meghan’s vows will include a promise to uphold a version of “their” truth” and a threat to sue anyone who disputes it. The guard of honour will be made up of the cast of Suits, Harry’s therapist, an army of vegan dieticians, marketing managers from the top US clothes labels (the ones who give you the discounts), 200 Californian interior designers and a thousandstrong legion of Meghan fans, weeping in unison as they relive her suffering, led by Finding Freedom author Omid Scobie, despite Harry having trashed at least one claim made about them in his book. Apart from the children, only one member of Meghan’s family will be there: her mother Doria. No Windsor will be present. In lieu of the traditional military marches, there will be yoga displays along the beaches of Montecito. Hymns and military music will be replaced by rap, hip hop, garage, jungle and grime. The solemn Anointing of the Oil (relax aromatherapy, the Sussex’s own brand, available from their website at £299.99 for 30ml) will be applied by Kim Kardashian. In lieu of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Saint Oprah Winfrey will officiate over the proceedings. Messages of support will be read from Will Smith, Chris Rock, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Emma Watson and the rest of the cast of Harry Potter (though not its creator), John Legend and Cara Delevingne.  There will be a strange and unexplained silence from the Obamas and the Clooneys. Two minutes of contemplation will be held to remember the evils of imperialism, colonialism and cultural appropriation. This will be followed by a celebration of the worldwide influence of US culture, particularly the global acclaim for American actress-turned-influencers, who are sacrificing their lives (or at least the odd minute of them, when not earning mega-bucks from Netflix) for the greater good of the planet. Instead of a salute, there will be a mass hug. “We’re all huggers here!” says Meghan. The ceremony will end with a condemnation of global cruelty in all its forms, including dishonesty, hypocrisy, treacherous behaviour, ingratitude for good fortune, failure to protect older members of the family and the harbouring of utterly trivial grievances long forgotten by everyone else involved. There will be a discrete handing out of sick bags to the congregation for those who simply can’t take it any more.  The inimitable artist Sir Grayson Perry is to present a three-part series for Channel 4 on the idea of Englishness. Talking about this, he says that some people are ashamed of the idea of being English these days. Not me. I am proud to be English (and British) and always have been – including during my American childhood. I am also delighted that I am a Maid of Kent rather than a Kentish Maid (it depends what side of the Medway you’re born on). Though somewhat inexplicably, when I wrote about it on these pages, I was berated by someone for clinging on to medieval boundaries. No I’m not, mate, it’s just a charming description. As for being English, we’re the land of Shakespeare, Jane Austen, Holy Island, the Essex marshes, the Lake District, St Paul’s Cathedral, Hampton Court, Sir Joshua Reynolds, the greatest capital city in the world... and we are fortunate enough to be bordered with those two stunning countries – Scotland and Wales. What’s not to love? I have no idea whether the loathsome Andrew Tate and his brother Tristram are guilty of the crimes they are accused of, but I do know the disgusting advice he gives young and impressionable men to terrorise women is utterly vile (hit them, spit, threaten infidelity etc). Now they are complaining about cockroaches and lice in their jail cell and saying the Romanian authorities are trying to steal their money and cars. Couldn’t have happened to a couple of nicer guys. Is there a more irritating world leader than Jacinda Ardern? Bowing out from her role as New Zealand’s prime minister, she wore a traditional Maori outfit. Of course she did. Anyway, in the world view of people like Jacinda, isn’t that cultural appropriation? Can’t she just wear a nice outfit from the New Zealand equivalent of Marks and Spencer? Latest example of woke idiocy: in the wake of slaves being rebranded “enslaved people”, mummies are now to be “mummified persons”. Makes them seem more human, innit. Can we rebrand the people coming up with all this nonsense as persons of very little brain? Princess Eugenie, expecting her second child, has revealed that she wants her first sprog, August, to be an activist and is teaching him about climate change while banning plastic from the house. Wouldn’t it be great if one of those young Windsors actually turned out to be an accountant? How deeply reassuring to hear that experts are predicting that Paddington Bear will be among the old classics in the bestseller lists of toys this year. Sometimes all we want is a bit of nostalgia and comfort. Strangely enough, no toys condoning the rise of transgenderism seem to be the rage. Doctors have warned that joggers can become addicted to running, giving up time with loved ones in order to pound the streets and feeling withdrawal symptoms if they can’t get out on the road. Not entirely sure this is new, as I’ve long heard of runners’ high, but it’s certainly possible to get addicted to almost anything, in my case Dolce and Gabbana. At least running doesn’t cost you a cent…