Eurosport tennis pundit and former British tennis star Laura Robson has explained how retiring Sania Mirza "can't leave the house" back in India due to her soaring popularity in her home country. Mirza has broken new ground for women's tennis in India and also established herself as one of the most popular athletes in the Asian country. No active player on the WTA Tour has won more doubles titles than Mirza's impressive tally of 43 and incredibly spent 91 weeks as the No 1 in doubles. She's set to bring that illustrious career to an end after the Australian Open and it could bring one more major title. Playing alongside Rohan Bopanna in the mixed doubles, the Indian pair defeated No 3 seeds Desirae Krawczyk and Neal Skupski in the semi-final on Wednesday. It's the fourth time Mirza will be playing in a mixed doubles final at the Australian Open and she is set for a big send-off regardless of the result later this week. Robson called Mirza one of her idols growing up with what the Indian tennis superstar had achieved in the game. And that popularity pales in significance to what the 36-year-old has experienced in India throughout her life, Robson explains.  "I think it's hard to put into words what a superstar Sania has been in India for the last 20 years," Robson said on Eurosport. "She is a mega star. She can't leave the house because she's just overwhelmed with fans. "So to have this moment with her son being able to see how popular she is, you can't script it any better. What a way to finish her career." Mirza came close to tears during her on-court interview following the semi-final win as she bids farewell to the sport having turned professional way back in 2003. "It was an amazing match, there was a lot of nerves. It's my last slam and it's so special to play with Rohan," she said.  "He was my first mixed doubles partner when I was 14 and today I'm 36 and he is 42 and we are still playing, we have a solid relationship. We are excited to come back here and give ourselves another chance. "We were playing the best mixed doubles pair on Tour and had to come up with the best. I'm not a crier but I'm almost there right now, I feel the love for the last 18 years I have been coming here. "It feels like home for me, I have a family here, I eat at home and I have so many Indians supporting me."