Manchester United’s newest loan signing Wout Weghorst will be hoping to make a difference for Erik ten Hag’s side as they take on Arsenal, having been snubbed by the Gunners in the past. United are not the first top team to be interested in the Netherlands international, having enjoyed an impressive goalscoring rate in Germany. The Dutchman was one of the most prolific strikers in the Bundesliga during his time at Wolfsburg, having scored 17, 16 and 20 goals in consecutive seasons. Ahead of United’s trip to the Emirates on Sunday to face Arsenal, Weghorst has admitted there was “concrete” interest from Mikel Arteta’s outfit in signing the towering forward. He could have expected to line up in north London as there was also interest from Tottenham, though Weghorst did make his Premier League bow last season as he joined Burnley. The move did not work out, however, as they were relegated and the Dutch striker moved on loan to Turkish side Besiktas before joining United, but he has explained how the failed moves to Arsenal and Spurs affected him before his move to Old Trafford. “Two seasons ago there was serious interest in me from Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal,” Weghorst said. “It was concrete - but in the end, they didn’t follow through. When it fell through, I set myself new goals. I took a good look at myself and which areas I needed to improve, physically and mentally. “I drew up a plan for that with my specialist team. I realised I didn’t score enough with my head and so I started working on my technique with a volleyball coach three times a week. People will think to themselves: ‘What on earth is this guy doing?’ But it’s clearly had an effect. I now have real confidence. If a good ball comes over, I nod it in. I’m proud of that because it’s the result of focus and hard work.” Weghorst had a positive debut in the 1-1 draw away to Crystal Palace on Wednesday despite being unable to find the back of the net in the 70 minutes that he spent on the pitch, having started in Anthony Martial’s absence due to injury. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting' He did impact the game, however, drawing two Palace defenders away and leaving the space for Bruno Fernandes to give the visitors the lead before Michael Olise’s late equaliser with a stunning free-kick. Ten Hag was pleased with Weghorst’s debut and hopes he can continue to make an impact going forward. ''I thought it was the best choice, as he has a profile of a number nine and I thought he did well,'' Ten Hag said. ''He had good link-up play and he made a good run for the first goal with a front-post run by taking two players out. He helped Bruno [Fernandes] be free. Also in [the] pressing, you can see it was a good debut.''