  Rapper Kanye West shocked fans following reports that he had tied the knot with Yeezy architect Bianca Censori in a private ceremony soon after his divorce from ex-wife Kim Kardashian. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star shared a cryptic Instagram post about “winning” just hours before the news broke.      Today, reports have now surfaced that claim Kim “hates” the rapper’s alleged new bride Bianca, who also happens to be the spitting image of the glamorous reality star. On her Instagram story, Kim wrote at the time: “Just remember, the black sheep usually turns into the goat. Keep doing you," she posted in one of them. A few moments later, she shared a quote about winning, which read: “People who want to see you win, will help you win. Remember that.” Gold Digger hitmaker Kanye and new love Bianca, who worked as an architectural designer at Yeezy for several years, were apparently spotted wearing wedding bands this week when they arrived at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in Beverly Hills. READ MORE: Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage     According to reports from TMZ, the union isn’t legally-binding because the pair do not appear to have filed a marriage certificate, but they did enjoy some form of private wedding ceremony. Express.co.uk approached Kanye’s representatives for comment at the time. Kanye shares four children with his ex-wife Kim: Psalm West, North West, Saint West and Chicago West. New reports have now surfaced that the mother of Kanye’s children “hates” his new flame.     A source close to Kim described how the Hulu star is in “despair” over her ex’s decision to tie the knot with the younger woman. A source told PageSix that “Kim hates her”, in reference to Bianca. Express.co.uk have contacted Kim’s representatives for comment. These claims come after some fans have noticed similarities between Kim and Bianca, with many feeling Kanye’s new love is a dead ringer for his ex-wife - especially when her hair was brunette. READ MORE... Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [NEWS] Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] 'Goddess' Amanda Holden's hottest bikini pics unveiled [PICTURES]     In what can only be a tribute to Bianca, just last month the rapper released a new song, titled Censori Overload. One line in the song hints to why the pair might have wanted a quick wedding ceremony. The lyric "And The Bible said, 'I can’t have any more sex til marriage’” will undoubtedly be in many fans’ minds. The wedding news comes after the very public breakdown of Kanye’s marriage to Kim.      In February, 2021, it was reported that the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star had filed for divorce after seven years of marriage. Plans were also announced for the pair to share joint custody of their four young children. Back in October 2021, in an opening monologue that pulled no punches when she was hosting US comedy show Saturday Night Live, Kim surprised viewers by joking she had left Kanye for his “personality”. The star admitted that the jibe “sounded mean” but insisted that she was striving to “be honest” - a tactic that earned a lot of laughs from the crowd.  