Sound familiar? Well, if only it had been true. The truth is, Boris lied. Sure, three years ago we left the European Commission, the Council of the EU, The European Council and even the European Parliament. But they did not leave us. The UK is stuck in some awful twilight zone revolving around the EU, caught in its antipathetical orbit. Northern Ireland was left behind in the EU’s Single Market for goods with a border down the Irish Sea. It is subject to EU laws adjudicated by an EU court. Johnson’s Northern Ireland Protocol broke the union of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. It is an act of unparalleled constitutional self-harm. His new treaty with the EU signed Great Britain into an EU level playing field on state aid, competition, employment and environmental laws. These are massive policy areas. The LPF has smothered our dash for legal freedom. We do not have a free hand to support British business. We cannot buy British first. And we are committed, by the same treaty, to net zero by 2050. We are prohibited from charting a course for the United Kingdom, putting British interests first. We are still dancing to the tune of EU laws, regulations and policies. Migration, legal and illegal, is out of control. There were 6.5 million EU member state citizens given the right to stay in the UK. A record 1 million people emigrated to the UK in the year to June 2022. Then, there is all the illegal migration, optically most visible across the channel. Our fishing industry, which was at the heart of Johnson’s referendum campaign and election victory, was thrown under a bus. The EU has, oh so ever kindly, allowed us marginally to increase our allowable catch in our own waters but the vast majority of fish is still being caught by the EU in their supersized factory boats dredging up the seabed and electrocuting all that lies under the surface in their path. Despite the many promises, and ample time, Johnson and his successors have failed to fix their lousy deal and grasp the priceless opportunity handed them by Brexit. They will never Get Brexit done. The Tory party is riven by division, does not believe in Brexit, cares little for the Union and is virtually devoid of Conservative values. Many of us saw this at the time but it must be obvious to all now: the Brexit Party should never have stood down 317 candidates in Conservative held seats at the last election. Had we genuinely challenged the Tories and put some of our colleagues into Parliament we would have kept the Tories honest. Our standing down afforded the Conservative Party a historic 80-seat majority. Notwithstanding the privilege of that huge majority, Johnson failed to deliver. Re-joiners across the political spectrum, big business, the media and civil service are amassing. They say Brexit has been a failure. Undoubtedly, Johnson’s deal is rubbish but that is not Brexit. We have yet to Brexit. As a former Brexit Party MEP, having championed our leaving the EU, it is my duty to fight on for Brexit. Indeed, it is the duty of anyone who campaigned to leave to do the same. I know many of my former colleagues feel the same as me. Three years on, the fight genuinely to deliver the country out of the EU continues. 