A bricklayer told police officers he would have their families and children raped as he was arrested in a drunken rampage. James Smith, 29, also sank his teeth into the boot of the officer who handcuffed him before fighting several other officers. Police were forced to put Smith in a spit hood and leg restraints to detain him during the attack on January 1 last year in Manchester. Smith, of Trencherbone, Radcliffe, Manchester blamed his drunken behaviour on not taking his medication for ADHD. But he later pleaded guilty to three charges of assaulting an emergency worker and criminal damage. As police transported Smith to the police station following his arrest, he collapsed due to the amount of drink he had consumed and an ambulance was called. But Smith continued hurling more abuse, calling officers "nonces" and saying he would "get their families and children raped". Recalling the incident, one of the officers said Smith was "hellbent on hurting us". They added: "I do not come to work and expect to be assaulted. It was stressful knowing that he may have been contagious at a time when the health of me and my family was one of my primary concerns." A second officer, who was only on his second shift with Greater Manchester Police said he knows not everyone has a "positive view" of police but to "spit at officers is disgusting". Helena William, prosecuting, said police were first called to the address following a disturbance with reports of a man "smashing up the house of a friend and his partner". Ms Williams continued: "On arrival, the defendant initially did not answer the door. The defendant then flung open the door, topless and aggressive. He appeared to be under the influence of either drugs/alcohol. "[The] PC started to go towards the house and the defendant had his hands up blocking the officers." READ MORE: Man charged with murder after body found dumped in street Another two officers attended the scene with one striking Smith on the leg with his baton as he refused to get back. Whilst restraining Smith, he bit one of the officers on the boot through his foot. Ms Williams said: "He also continued to try and kick out, making contact with the legs of [another PC]. As the struggle continued the defendant spat two to three times at [two officers], with some spit landing on their clothing." She said Smith continued to be "aggressive" and "offensive" towards the officer. At the hearing, a Minshull Street Crown Court, Smith was sentenced to 22 months in prison after also admitted to unrelated offences of battery upon an ex-girlfriend plus criminal damage to her apartment after he binged on bottles of brandy and vodka plus 20 cans of lager mixed with cocaine. He also admitted to glassing a pubgoer in an unprovoked attack. Daniel Harman, mitigating, told the court that Smith hadn't taken his medication for Aspergers and ADHD since 2019 and that drinking had been his "major issue" He added that he has a "difficult start to life" and hit "rock bottom" several years ago following an incident involving his daughter. Judge Mark Savill, sentencing branded Smith's behaviour "disgraceful". He said: "The officers were trying to conduct an arrest on you but you weren't having any of it. The presence of the child in the property at the time did not stop you from trying to bite [the[ PC through his boot. "Luckily no serious injury was caused but what was more shocking was your decision to spit. Public health was at the forefront of everyone's mind. Your actions were so serious and the risk of contagion so evident that the officers had to deploy a spit hood. Your actions at the hospital were even more shocking."