Details of Prince Harry’s memoir Spare have been leaked to The Guardian ahead of its release. Extracts include allegations the Prince of Wales physically attacked Harry at Nottingham Cottage and claims William and Kate Middleton encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform for a fancy dress costume. Speaking about the latest details to emerge, royal exert Jennie Bond branded it “terribly telling and sad” to see the family drama play out. “The saddest thing is the line saying that at Prince Philip's funeral, Charles stood there at his father's funeral and looked at his sons,” Jennie remarked. “It says in the book he looked at their flushed faces and said: ‘Please boys don't make my final years of misery’. “And I think that's terribly telling and sad. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' “It's almost a Shakespearean tragedy to the elderly King saying to his sons, please just just cool it, will you? “But they won't. I don't think this is going to make it any better.” Jennie, who appeared on GB News’ Breakfast show with Isabel Webster and Martin Daubney, continued: “I think we should remember this is one side of the story and so recollections may vary. “The allegation that William and Kate told him to wear the Nazi uniform which cast a huge shadow over the Royal Family is a pretty bad one to hand to your brother.” She went on to comment: “But it is, ‘he said, she said’. Will that bring William out to respond? "It might possibly. I don't know if Harry's telling the truth, it is definitely his truth. “But again, I think we all see one side of the story and then this spat, this fisticuffs that they had in the kitchen, we really do need to know William's side of it.” DON'T MISS...Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row [LATEST]Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book [INSIGHT]Harry is monetizing his father's pain with this dreadful book [INSIGHT] Jennie believes it is “incredibly unsavoury” of Prince Harry to speak about his brother and his wife Kate. “Did Harry say something to provoke William to put his hands on Harry?” she questioned. “They're both very protective of their wives. William had accused Megan of being abrasive, difficult and rude. “Did Harry then say something about Katherine? I don't know. “It's all incredibly unsavoury, it is very immature and it clearly isn't going to help towards the reconciliation, which Harry has suggested he wants. “That's the only positive thing that has come out so far. “Harry for the first time has said he does want his family back, not the institution, but his family. It's a funny way of going about it.” GB News Breakfast airs daily from 6am.