Arsenal fans have tried their very best to push Shakhtar Donetsk into selling Mykhaylo Mudryk this month, with talks ongoing between the two clubs. The Gunners supporters bombarded a tweet with the hashtag ‘#FreeMudryk’ and it gained plenty of traction. Mikel Arteta has made it no secret that he is looking to strengthen his attacking options this month following the injury sustained by Gabriel Jesus at the Qatar World Cup. Eddie Nketiah has stepped up in the absence of the Brazilian and showcased why the Gunners were so desperate to retain his services over the summer, when his contract was set to expire, with four goals in as many appearances in all competitions. Though Arteta is not content with his options given that the Emirates Stadium outfit are five points clear at the top of the Premier League and on course to record a historic success. Therefore, he is pushing to sign Mudryk – having already seen two bids rejected for the winger so far this window. Gunners certainly approve of the acquisition of the Ukraine international, as they flocked to reply to a tweet from the official Shakhtar account centred around Mudryk. The tweet was two images of the 22-year-old, and it sparked a flurry of ‘#FreeMudryk’ in the replies. Arsenal held positive talks with Mudryk earlier this week and confidence is growing that a deal will be reached for the talented prospect, with Shakhtar showing a willingness to negotiate now. Chelsea were also previously interested in the winger and were keen to speak with the player and his representatives, but only once talks with the Gunners had broken down and they had received assurances that he was willing to make the move to Stamford Bridge. The Blues have now splashed £9million to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid until the end of the season, with the Portugal international signing a contract extension at the club before penning the short-term deal. Though ex-Arsenal star Emmanuel Petit believes that his former side should allow Mudryk to join Graham Potter’s side in favour of signing Newcastle star Allan Saint-Maximin. He told Compare.Bet: “If Chelsea want to splash £100million on him, Arsenal should let him go. “But I’m not sure that’s the desire of Mudryk. I’ve been told he wants to come to Arsenal, reuniting as a pair with [Oleksandr] Zinchenko.” Asked about alternatives, he added: ‘We all know the qualities of Saint-Maximin, and he’s still on my mind all the time. If he’s in a good system with good players, he can still improve a lot. So for me, Saint-Maximin would be a good option if Arsenal can’t buy Mudryk.”