An Arctic freeze looks set to grip the UK within hours as the Met Office issued imminent snow warnings. A new snow warning covering southeast England, near London, is now in place during the early hours of Monday morning. This could chaos widespread travel disruption on the morning commute, according to the national weather agency. There is a small chance that the sudden snow showers could lead to stranded vehicles and passengers, along with delayed or cancelled rail and air travel. According to the Met Office, heavy rain could turn to snow due to the freezing conditions. Around 10 - 20mm of rain is expected in places, while wintry showers could see up to 5 centimetres of snow in a short period of time. The warning for the southeast of England is in place from 2am until 8am on Monday. JUST IN: Teachers expected to strike in February and March  While the weather warning for southeast England is relatively brief, there is a snow and ice warning also in place for northern Scotland from this afternoon (2pm) until 10am on Wednesday. The Met Office warns that snow showers and icy stretches could cause widespread travel disruption. According to the agency, some roads and railways could be disrupted while there is a risk of injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces. There is potential for around 10 to 15 centimetres of snow, particularly across the Highlands. Meanwhile, there is also a third weather warning for ice across Northern Ireland, southern Scotland, northern England, northern Wales, and northern Midlands. This is in place from 6pm today until 10am on Monday. Like in southeast England, this could see heavy rain turn into snow, blanketing the regions with a depth of at least 5 centimetres. DON'T MISS: Dementia breakthrough offers a brighter future [EXPRESS COMMENT]Two-thirds of city dwellers wish there was more greenery in their area [POLL]Putin to raise conscript age in desperate bid to bolster troop numbers [LIVE BLOG]  This comes as recent weather maps on WxCharts show a significant drop in temperature this evening which wil last well into next week. The freezing Arctic air will gradually sink down the country over the course of the week. It is thought that London will avoid most of the snow, but temperatures in the capital will still plummet well below zero. The imminent cold weather has prompted the Met Office to issue a level two cold weather alert for much of England from Sunday evening until Thursday morning. Sky News weather presenter Kirsty McCabe said it would be getting "much colder" next week as a jet stream "plunges south, dragging cold air from the north across the UK". She warned that Britons should expect "significant wind chill" with "an increasing risk of winter hazards such as snow and ice".