Brighton have told Arsenal that Moises Caicedo is simply not for sale after the Gunners submitted an opening proposal worth £60million for the Ecuador international. If Edu plans on returning to the negotiating table, the sporting director will have to present something very special in order to entice the Seagulls into a mid-season deal. Express Sport analyses four Arsenal players that the Gunners could hypothetically look to include in a potential player-plus-cash package... Reiss Nelson Reiss Nelson has had a rough ride with a hamstring injury of late but he made a huge impression earlier in the season when he netted twice off the bench against Nottingham Forest. At just 23, the Englishman has time on his side and he still has all the tools required to become a top attacking player for Mikel Arteta. Nelson looks set for increased game time when he returns to the fold post-injury and he can provide competition and cover for Bukayo Saka. But Brighton have shown interest in the past and given his potential, he strongly aligns with the Amex recruitment model. Furthermore, Nelson is surely worth upwards of £20million so his involvement in any deal would certainly sweeten talks with the Seagulls if they were willing to entertain a potential swap deal. Albert Sambi Lokonga Perhaps this wouldn't be a popular choice down on the South Coast but Lokonga is still considered to be a huge prospect in Belgium following his rise to prominence with Anderlecht. His former manager Vincent Kompany called both Pep Guardiola and Mikel Arteta to recommend the young midfielder and Arsenal duly obliged by signing him in the summer of 2021. But his lack of game time in north London has proven to be a hindrance for his development but that's not to say he still can't become a top midfielder in English football. Brighton are the ideal club to nurture his talent and furthermore, he could immediately help fill the void left behind by Caicedo. READ MOREFour midfield transfer bargains Arsenal should be all over after Mo Elneny injury concernArsenal's new transfer priority becomes clear after nail-biting Man Utd victoryArsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Ainsley Maitland-Niles Brighton have had plenty of players of similar versatility to Maitland-Niles in the past few years and they have proven to be unsung heroes for both Graham Potter and Robert De Zerbi. The likes of Dan Burn, Joel Veltman, Adam Lallana and Pascal Gross have all been worth their weight in gold to the Seagulls as they continue to make enormous strides in the Premier League. Maitland-Niles is currently on loan at Southampton but Arsenal could quite seek to recall him due to his lack of minutes under Nathan Jones. He previously proved under Arteta at Arsenal that he can be an asset to any team after playing in central midfield, at wing-back and even full-back for the Gunners. The 25-year-old is now approaching the end of his Arsenal contract so it makes sense for them to consider moving him on permanently. Folarin Balogun Again, Balogun is another player who is currently out on loan but that does not mean a deal cannot be struck. The 21-year-old has scored 10 goals in 18 Ligue 1 outings this season for Stade Reims and is hot property. Brighton are also looking for a striker to bolster their forward line and Balogun fits the profile they require. It is hard to measure the centre-forward's value in the modern market but he is a player with big potential - which means he would likely be of interest to Brighton. The only sticking point is whether Arsenal would be prepared to offload the youngster as he is considered a big talent for the future.