Iran suffered a 5.9 magnitude earthquake last night, leaving at least three people dead and nearly a thousand people injured. The earthquake struck the city of Khoy, West Azerbaijan province, in northwest Iran. Earthquake shockwaves were felt across neighbouring countries including Turkey, Azerbaijan, and Armenia. Clips on social media show decimated apartment blocks and bricks strewn across roads and cars. Footage showed streets in Khoy filled with traffic late on Saturday as residents abandoned their homes. The governor of the affected West Azarbaijan province, Mohammad Sadegh Motamedian, said at least 816 people were injured in the disaster. Many residents in affected residential buildings have since been stationed in temporary tents amid freezing winter temperatures. The freezing temperatures and snow have hampered rescue operations in the affected areas. JUST IN: Zelensky gets huge boost as US set to green light delivery of F-16s  More than 40 aftershocks have been registered since the initial quake, the largest of which was a magnitude of 4.2. The Mehr news agency said 70 villages had been damaged. IRNA reported: "The tremor was so strong that it was felt in many regions of West Azerbaijan Province, causing concern among residents. "It was also felt in several cities, including the provincial capital of Tabriz in the neighboring province of East Azerbaijan."  Many rural villages have also suffered power cuts. Babak Mahmoudi, the head of Iran's Relief and Rescue Organisation, confirmed that two planeloads of aid left Tehran shortly after midnight.  Dozens of trucks filled with rescue items departed for Khoy from surrounding provinces. DON'T MISS: Inside Evin – A first-hand account of Iran’s most notorious prison [INTERVIEW]As fascism spreads again let's remember the lessons of the Holocaust [COMMENT]Voters believe that MPs should publish their full tax returns [POLL]  Many in Iran blamed the earthquake on a drone strike in the area - however, the events were hours apart and there is little evidence to support this claim. Iran sits on top of faultlines for several major tectonic plates and experiences frequent seismic activity. Khoy itself has experienced several smaller but considerable earthquakes in recent months. This comes as Iran's Defense Ministry said that it had thwarted an attack last night on one of its munition centres in the central city of Isfahan by shooting down three drones. The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) blamed the attacks on Israel. 