The Government has previously explored raising the threshold that someone gets free prescriptions in England to the state pension age, which is 66. Currently, people can access this benefit once they turn 60 and those living in Wales and Scotland get it for free. With a decision into the Government consultation yet to be announced, medical professionals are calling for “free prescriptions for all” for a period of time in order to help those struggling with the cost of living crisis. Dr Anita Raja GP spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the consultation and her thoughts as to what needs to be done. She explained: “I would suggest that given the current rise in the cost of living, inflation and rise in mortgage rates the Government may want to consider an interim period of free prescriptions for all. “This may well be done for a trial period of five years. I have seen people with skin conditions requiring numerous creams yet not qualifying for free prescriptions suffering, they simply can’t afford to buy the items . “In cases like these, of course we signpost them to a prepayment certificate which for three months is currently at £30.25 and a yearly is on an instalment of £108.20 which means unlimited medications.  READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come “The Government did freeze the NHS charge at £9.35 and didn’t increase it in line with inflation which was a welcoming move to ease off the pressure from households that are struggling to make ends meet.” In 2021, the Government ran a consultation into aligning access to free prescriptions with the state pension age. This consultation into the eligibility threshold started at 3pm on July 1, 2021 and finished at 11:45am on September 3, 2021. One of the options considered included raising the qualifying age for free prescriptions to 66 for everyone immediately. The other option was to have a “period of reflection” to allow Britons in their 60s to continue getting free prescriptions. In its consultation, the Government highlighted the first option could lead to “confusion” for people who may be hit with unfair penalty notices, while the second option could allow the public to get used to the change. Experts have widely criticised the Government’s decision to explore aligning free prescription eligibility with the state pension. As well as this, it has been over a year since the initial consultation and the Government has yet to reach a conclusion over this issue. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing While prescription charges have been frozen, many Britons are struggling with soaring cost of living which is putting additional pressure on those with illness and medications. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “We have taken steps to help people with the cost of NHS prescriptions and almost 89 percent of prescription items in England are already provided free of charge. “For those not exempt from charges, prepayment certificates can be used to cap costs at around £2 a week for regular prescriptions.” Regarding the consultation, the Government is considering all responses and will set out a response in due course. Many other groups, outside of older people, are able to claim free prescriptions and anyone impacted by the state pension change could receive the support through other channels. Young Britons under the age of 16 and between the ages of 16 and 18 who are in higher education are entitled to free medication. Anyone who has a specific medical condition and a valid medical exemption certificate (MedEx) can get the support also. Women who are either pregnant or have had a baby in the previous 12 months, and who are in receipt of a valid maternity exemption certificate (MatEx), can get the freebie benefit.