Mike Tindall has quizzed his wife Zara Tindall for a new series called Mike Drop, which has previewed on YouTube. In a number of interviews, the former rugby union player chats to big names in the horsing world, including Zara, 41, who is a renowned equestrian and Olympian. Mike, 44, teamed up for the series with horse auction business Magic Millions of which Zara is a patron. In a sneak peek at an episode, Mike and Zara share a cheeky glance, greeting each other by saying, "Hello, my love". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are known to use the same term of affection in public. Mike then grins at his wife, shakes his interview notes at her and jokes, "Welcome to my world" to which Zara rolls her eyes, smiles and shakes her head. The former I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here star also questions Gerry Harvey from Magic Millions in the trailer which starts with a a herald blowing a trumpet on an Australian beach in a mild poke at royal pomp. Prince Harry filmed a smiliar sketch ahead of an interview with Stephen Colbert on The Late Show in the US. In the preview for Mike Drop, which airs in full on YouTube on January 24, Zara heaps praise on Magic Millions. She says: "The people [organisers Gerry Harvey and Katie Paige] bring together, the different sports they're involved in, all disciplines are reaping the benefits of their support and their passion and their love for horses." READ ABOUT CHARLES WANTING TO STAY AWAY FROM A BATTLE WITH HARRY "It really is a showcase for the world. Work hard and play hard, that's what Australia is about, isnt' it?" On its YouTube channel, Magic Millions hails the series as a "world first". It says: "In a world-first, Magic Millions and Mike Tindall today announced his new interview series Mike Tindall's Mike Drop. Tindall's line-up of interview subjects come from around the world with the common passion - horses. "Episode one of Mike Drop is a world-first, Tindall sits down with Olympic silver medallist, Patron of Magic Millions Racing Women, equine industry advocate - his wife, Zara Tindall. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Kate rift started when Princess got dibs on fashion [REVEALED] Prince William given extra sausage in blow to ‘spare’ Harry [REPORT] Meghan left 'upset' by Pippa Middleton's snub before wedding - claim [LATEST] "Future interviews in the Mike Drop series include Magic Millions co-owner, farmer, retailer, entrepreneur, Gerry Harvey. A revealing interview with a man who has been fundamental to the horse industry for over 40 years." Over the weekend, the Tindalls attended the Magic Millions race day event where Zara was spotted leaning over to kiss her husband, who cheekily poked his tongue out instead. The couple have shared a number of photographs on Instagram from their trip to the Gold Coast of Australia. Zara wore a short-sleeved, light blue dress and donned a matching fascinator. Mike wore a grey chequered suit with navy tie in a slight nod to Zara's ensemble. Princess Anne's daughter, who is a mum of three, has also been riding while Down Under, taking part in the Magic Millions beach gallop in Surfers Paradise, Queensland. She appeared to be in her element as she joined celebrities and VIPs who also saddled up to enjoy the stunning scenery. The Tindalls appeared relaxed and carefree while back home in Britain the Royal Family was rocked by further revelations from Prince Harry's best-selling memoir Spare. Well-wishers last week urged Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales, to "keep going" as the couple resumed royal duties just two days after Prince Harry's explosive memoir went on sale. William appeared to respond for the first time to the book as he replied: "I will." Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have so far refused to respond to Harry's claims, which include that his brother physically attacked him and his stepmother, Queen Consort Camilla, tried to enhance her own image by trashing the Duke of Sussex's.