The young boy who was thrown off the Tate Modern is making "considerable progress" and is even practising gentle judo, his family has said. The child, who was aged six at the time of the attack, sustained life-changing injuries, including a bleed on the brain and broken bones.  He fell 100feet (30metres) during the attack almost four years ago. Autistic teenager Jonty Bravery, who was living in supported accommodation at the time, was allowed out unsupervised when he targeted the boy. Bravery was convicted of attempted murder in 2020 and jailed for 15 years. The child's family confirmed the youngster is making "considerable progress" in a post uploaded to their GoFundMe page. JUST IN: Teachers' strike could see return to online lessons and lockdown-style learning They said: "Since September, we have returned to Paris several times to consult specialists because we have to monitor the development of our son's back, shoulder and hip, given his growth. "We will now have to do this check every six months, to make sure that he does not need a corset again. Similarly, some new operations may unfortunately become necessary. "In prevention, specialists recommend appropriate physical activity. This is why we have registered our son for equine therapy and the swimming pool with his specialised educator. "And the latter also accompanies him, since the end of October, to judo. She does it very gently and does not let go of an inch on the tatami, of course. From time to time, we also take him for adapted archery. READ MORE: Ex-Wagner unit commander dodged shots and hid from tracker dogs while fleeing Russia  "Our son has always loved sports, he is delighted to do all this." The family also revealed the child was improving with his breathing. They said: "We have also found a new speech therapist, and thanks to her, our little knight has made considerable progress in swallowing and breathing. He's able to blow out candles again, he hardly makes any more wrong turns when he drinks liquids, and he's starting to keep the rhythm of the songs better. "He is also pursuing orthoptics and his sight is improving further, as is his memory thanks to cognitive remediation sessions with his neuropsychologist. He remembers more and more things he did or was told during the day."  DON'T MISS:William and Kate travel to Athens for King Constantine's funeral [LATEST]Ex-Wagner unit commander dodged shots while fleeing from Russia[SPOTLIGHT]Cheshire couple turn run down lakeside farmhouse into 'dream home'[REVEAL]   Speaking about his school results, they added: "Our son's teacher and guide are both very happy with his progress: he manages to follow in class despite his difficulties, because he is extremely courageous and hardworking. "Thus, despite the fact that he still has to automate the writing of letters, he nevertheless manages to improve in spelling and to obtain very good marks in dictation, which he is very proud of. "Moreover, thanks to all his mobility progress (balance, left arm, muscle strengthening, etc.), he is increasingly able to play alone at home and in the hospital. "This is a huge step towards his autonomy, even if he is still very dependent for very simple daily tasks (tuck his T-shirt into his pants, cut his meat, wash his hair, etc.)." 