Southampton have taken to Twitter to poke fun at the Everton fans who decided to set off fireworks outside the Saints' team hotel in the early hours of Saturday morning. Nathan Jones' side managed to secure an important victory over the Toffees at Goodison Park in spite of their late-night disruption, with James Ward-Prowse curling in a decisive free-kick to claim all three points late on. Everton managed to draw first blood shortly before half-time through Amadou Onana, who managed to wriggle through a mass of bodies inside the area to head home from close range. They were unable to hold onto their slender advantage, though, as Ward-Prowse diverted a smart finish into the bottom corner before scoring from a direct free-kick to wrap up the victory for Southampton.The overnight attempts by some Everton fans to disturb the sleeping patterns of Southampton's players did not have the desired effect and the Hampshire club opted to bite back on Twitter in comical fashion by posting a mock hotel review, in which they played down the impact of the fireworks on their pre-match preparations.It reads: "We can't say enough positive things about the Inside By Melia Liverpool! Had an important business trip to attend in the city and they were the perfect hosts. The hotel ensured we were looked after and well-rested for our meeting, which was an extremely productive one. JUST IN: Frank Lampard takes blame for Everton woes after Southampton loss "Rooms were brilliant, beds were incredibly comfy, and the blackout blinds and triple glazing... oh wow! You could literally have a firework display going on outside your window and you'd never know it. Best night's sleep we've ever had!"In fact, the only rocket we noticed all weekend was the one James Ward-Prowse sent into the net in the 78th minute at Goodison. Will definitely be returning again." The result helped rock-bottom Southampton draw level with Everton and West Ham at the foot of the Premier League table, while it gave the Toffees even more food for thought in the form of another blow to their hopes of survival at the end of the campaign. Everton boss Frank Lampard refused to blame the day's off-field protests against the club's owners for their latest defeat, though, with the 44-year-old insisting after the final whistle that the buck stops with him."I’m completely focused on what we’re doing on the pitch," said Lampard. "The off-field noise is there but the things we can control as staff and players is on the pitch and today we got beaten."It’s a difficult period. There is so much passion at this club for the right reasons, everyone wants the best for the club. Of course, over the years we’ve come in a direction where we were in a relegation battle last year and again this year." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.