Tottenham are said to have made an opening bid for Sporting full-back Pedro Porro despite being told to trigger his release clause if they want to sign him this January. That's according to reports in Portugal, where it's claimed the Primeira Liga outfit have snubbed Spurs' bid as they continue their quest to keep the highly-rated Spaniard, who has been identified as Antonio Conte's top winter transfer target. Tottenham are already stacked with options at right wing-back but Porro has been earmarked as a player that would significantly improve their struggling backline. Porro excelled in both Champions League fixtures against Tottenham for Sporting this season as the Portuguese side took four points off Spurs. The former Manchester City starlet has a release clause worth in the region of £39million but that hasn't stopped Tottenham from trying their luck. According to Portuguese newspaper Record, Spurs have tabled an offer worth £30m plus add-ons for Porro. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The approach was unsuccessful, however, as Sporting have now seemingly rejected the proposal. Talks between the two clubs remain ongoing but Tottenham do not seem to be listening to the messages they have received from Sporting. Sporting head coach Ruben Amorim recently made it crystal clear Porro would only depart if his release clause was triggered: "With regard to Pedro Porro, we know that there are players in our team who, because of what they have done, are now wanted by other clubs. We had this problem in the summer too. "What I was told is that he can only leave if the clause is triggered. And if the clause is triggered, there is nothing we can do. DON'T MISS MORE SPURS GOSSIPTottenham receive welcome transfer boost as top Antonio Conte target 'wants to join'Antonio Conte comments put to test as Tottenham receive Pape Matar Sarr transfer offerTottenham have unearthed their very own Mousa Dembele for agitated Antonio Conte "What I was told is that he can only leave if the clause is triggered. And if the clause is triggered, there is nothing we can do. "He is playing really well. Like me, he is living one of the best moments of his career and he is only focused on Sporting. "We are prepared for anything and we know that there are clubs who can pay the clause. But, until that happens, I think Pedro is safe." Should Tottenham strike a deal for Porro, they could be forced to clear the decks in north London. Matt Doherty is currently the first-choice right wing-back after successfully dethroning Emerson Royal after the World Cup. But the Brazilian still remains rated by Conte despite his continued struggles at the club and as it stands, the ex-Barcelona defender has no plans to depart. Express Sport also understands Djed Spence could yet remain at Spurs beyond the January window despite his lack of game time. So far, there are no concrete openings for him to depart on loan as he continues to knuckle down and work hard in training. Spence has the utmost respect for Conte and his coaching staff and is determined to make the grade at Tottenham.