Arsenal could have a second chance to sign Barcelona forward Raphinha after missing out on the Brazil star during the summer transfer window. Reports in Spain suggest that the winger could be made available despite only signing from Leeds six months ago. Raphinha joined Barca from the Whites in a £55million deal. The 26-year-old turned down reported interest from Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United to complete his dream move. Arsenal were desperate to sign Raphinha in a bid to strengthen Mikel Arteta’s attack. Sporting director Edu recently revealed that he held talks with the player’s agent - the former Barca and Chelsea midfielder Deco - but learned that the transfer target’s heart was set on a move to Catalonia. However, he also hinted that he would be back in discussions with Deco if anything went wrong - something that could well happen now. Edu told Sky Sports in July: “I just said to Deco, ‘Can you explain to me the situation with Raphinha?’ and he was clear, ‘Edu, we have a good relationship but I’m not going to lie to you, his idea is to go to Barcelona because he’s dreaming to go to Barcelona, and we’ve been talking to Barcelona since a long time ago’. JUST IN: Arsenal fans hijack Mudryk tweet as Shakhtar urged to '#FreeMudryk' “[I said], ‘Okay, thank you very much, if something happens then just let me know because I can explore and understand the situation. If not, no problem and we carry on with our relationship’.” According to Spanish television show El Chiringuito, Raphinha is one of three players shortlisted by Barca as they seek to once again continue balancing their finances. Ferran Torres, a signing from Manchester City 12 months ago, and, rather surprisingly, winger Ansu Fati are also available. Raphinha has struggled for form in La Liga and even publicly hit out at head coach Xavi over his perceived misuse of the Brazilian. The former Rennes talent prefers to play on the right wing, cutting inside on his left foot. But he has often been used on the left of a three-man attack. “Yes, I told Xavi. I think he got it. I want to help the team as much as possible. I told him that I wasn’t helping the team on the left,” Raphinha, who has scored twice in 15 La Liga games, told reporters in November. DON'T MISS...Four Arsenal shirt numbers waiting for Mykhaylo Mudryk if move sealedFA 'open investigation into Arsenal vs Oxford incident'Arsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk makes feelings on Chelsea move clear “I don’t mind competing with Ousmane on the right. I like that competition, but I would like to compete in my place, where I feel more comfortable at the moment.” Xavi attempted to cool relations soon after, suggesting that Raphinha’s words had been taken out of context. The former midfielder said: “He is open to playing where necessary. In fact, we talked a couple of weeks ago. “It’s going to be important. It’s been even more so coming off the bench. He always comes out well. It’s going to be important, I have no doubts.” But it is looking increasingly likely that Raphinha will depart in the near future. Arsenal will hope to have a second chance to sign their summer target.