Prince Harry made “serious mistakes” in his latest memoir, a royal expert has claimed. In the book Harry, 38, discusses his uniform at Eton and refers to Henry VI, who founded the school, as “my great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather”.  But Henry VI had only one son, Edward of Westminster, who died as a teenager without any children. Elsewhere in the book, Harry reflects on the Queen Mother’s funeral and the jewels on her coffin. The Koh-i-Noor, he says, is the “largest diamond ever seen by human eyes”. Yet it is the Cullinan Diamond, also part of the Crown Jewels, that the Royal Collection Trust website describes as “the largest diamond ever found”.  Hugo Vickers, a royal biographer and historian, told The Times that the “quite serious” mistakes “discredit” Harry and his memoir. Mr Vickers said: “If he can get those sorts of things wrong, what else can he get wrong, you ask yourself. “I’m horrified by the amount of mistakes that have been found, both historical and also in relation to things he did.” Prince Harry’s memoir, Spare, was officially published on January 10 and it has attracted mixed reviews from the public.  READ MORE Kate looks downcast as she's seen for first time since Spare release The Times reported that Harry claimed that the Queen, then the Duchess of Cornwall, had suggested that he should become the governor-general of Bermuda. However, it has been raised that Bermuda does not have a governor-general — as a British overseas territory, not a Commonwealth realm, it has a governor instead. Beyond the historical and constitutional matters, the high street retailer TK Maxx has raised questions over whether Harry, who shopped at their stores, really did take advantage of sales. He said in the book: “I was particularly fond of their once-a-year sale, when they’d be flush with items from Gap or J Crew.”  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry claims father King Charles 'fell asleep' while working [INSIGHT]Prince Harry slammed for ‘embarrassing the UK’ with new Megxit memoir [SPOTLIGHT]Putin replaces 'General Armageddon' after three months in top job [REVEAL] A spokeswoman for TK Maxx said: “Whilst we’re delighted Prince Harry is a big fan, we thought we should explain we don’t actually do sales. “Instead, we offer great value, style, and savings all year round.” She added that this had always been the case.” Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 