A British boy who fell ill on his "dream holiday" in Barbados has tragically died. Ace Newcastle, eight, was rushed to the hospital with suspected meningitis following the development of a rash. However, he was later diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia. The family, who come from Portsmouth, immediately rushed to raise funds to get him on a medical flight home last Friday, having raised £100,000. Ace deteriorated suddenly and suffered a seizure causing a bleed of the brain. He never regained consciousness and the following day, was placed in an induced coma and declared brain dead. He sadly succumbed to his illness on Saturday morning. His mum, Amber Field, has now paid tribute to her child, telling how she and Ace's dad David had to make the unthinkable decision to switch off his life support. "Ace is now resting," Amber said in a heartbreaking post. "There is no footprint too small to leave an imprint in this world. "Goodnight Acey Pops, today nature took its course, you are my whole existence and I will love and remember you until my last breath.  Their decision to turn off Ace's life suppory came after the tragic revelation from doctors that their son had a zero percent chance of recovery. But hospital bosses in Barbados stopped medics from turning off the ventilator. The law in the Caribbean country states a life support machine can't be turned off if there's a heartbeat. Amber hit out at the "cruel and evil" decision to keep his life support going when he was brain-dead, saying "I just want to get home". She added: "The director of medical services and the hospital legal officer think it’s ok to keep his body open to infections and god knows what else for weeks potentially," said the mum. "This is so wrong on so many levels, absolutely shocking and not fair on us or Ace. There are no words!". A Go Fund Me page originally set up to help Ace's family with medical bills has, at time of writing, raised more than £119,000. You can donate here. He added: "We just want to bring him home. "I was so close to Ace. He's like a son to me. He was a loving, caring, cheeky little boy."  Joey said the whole family has been left in shock after Ace's health deteriorated so rapidly. He said 14 family members flew out to say goodbye to the youngster - before government officials stepped in and stopped doctors from turning off his life support.