Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Gregory Ebbs, who left in week three, was asked what he thought about his elimination from The Apprentice. He was fired by Lord Sugar during cartoon week, where he admitted he had taken a step back so others with more experience could lead. Some fans of the BBC series seemed to think Gregory was unfairly blamed for the team's failure of the task, and the 25-year-old didn't disagree.  The two groups were tasked with creating a children's cartoon, and things didn't work out well for Gregory's team, which was led by project manager Reece Donnelly. Addressing his elimination and whether it was fair he was fired, Gregory replied: "I mean, I am of the belief that if you don't have any necessary experience in the field, sometimes the less you say, is probably the better. "Because otherwise there's no point in saying something which you don't necessarily stand by or have any evidence-backed conviction within yourself to support it. "So I did believe at the time that Michelle and Reece, who had the most experience in this particular field were probably best-placed to make a judgment. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' "Do I believe that I should have been fired? Well, probably not." However, Gregory went on to accept his fate gracefully. "But on the other hand, the other candidates were all superb," he added. "If my departure's given the other candidates the best opportunity of securing Lord Sugar's investment, well they're equally as deserving." Gregory was asked by Alan to switch teams the week he was fired. When asked if he felt cheated because if he'd stayed in his original team he would likely have remained in the process, he replied: "It's always tricky. It was obviously Lord Sugar's decision, and it was a perfectly good decision. "I mean, I just felt lucky to have been on the show. "I don't feel cheated, I've enjoyed the experience and I was put in a position very few people get to experience, so I'm okay with that." DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Jay Brown star pays tribute to 'fantastic' Lola actress [LATEST]Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [VIDEO]The Apprentice's star on 'tough' firing after being 'sidelined' [EXCLUSIVE] Following last week's episode, many fans claimed the wrong decision was made and that Greory was "scapegoated" and took to social media to complain about his firing. Twitter user @ratcliff_jake wrote: "Boycotting #TheApprentice now cos he sacked Gregory. Poor series this year." @SimonMeadows9 added: "So #LordSugar allows Reece to try and outright lie in his pitch (hope the kids he works with don't find out) and get rid of poor Gregory instead who got teamed up on by the two of them. Guess it just goes to show good guys don't always win. #TheApprentice." @Ladysolis35 penned: "#TheApprentice Gregory Poor Gregory was the scapegoat for the incompetence of the PM and his deputy. Good luck with the future, Gregory." "Gregory was the only interesting character who had some intelligence. Poor decision #TheApprentice," @BeauportJames shared. @Nick_Holland_ commented: "An utterly wrong decision by Lord Sugar in tonight's #TheApprentice, especially as Rhys failed so miserably in a task tailored for him! Poor Gregory, anyone can have a quiet week." @EKxwe tweeted: "Poor Gregory #theapprentice," along with a sad face emoji. @misanthropicice posted: "Poor decision, JUSTICE FOR GREGORY!!! #TheApprentice." The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One.