Stefanos Tsitsipas has confessed to breaking the rules by using coaching from the stands when it was banned. The world No 4 made the admission after reaching his maiden Australian Open final on Friday - 12 months after the tournament conducted a sting operation during last year’s semi-final against Daniil Medvedev, who claimed Tsitsipas was being coached by his dad. Tsitsipas broke new ground at the Aussie Open as he finally made it through to his maiden final in what was his fourth appearance in the last four. The 24-year-old had fallen at the semi-final hurdle on three previous occasions, including last year when he lost to Medvedev in a fiery match that saw the 2021 US Open champion accuse Tsitsipas of cheating by receiving coaching from the stands. It prompted something of a sting operation, with Greek umpire Eva Asderaki-Moore called in to sit underneath the 24-year-old’s player box and listen out for any banned coaching from his dad Apostolos. Coaching from the stands was then authorised last July, and Tsitsipas has now admitted that he used to use it even when it was against the rules following his 7-6(2) 6-4 6-7(6) 6-3 win over Karen Khachanov. “Well, the coaching has always been there. Some coaches might have not been using it as much,” he claimed, before going on to confess that he was one of the players that used it on court in the past. “In my case, it has always been part of how I do things when I'm on the court.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's dad destroys son's Australian Open wish after video   Tsitsipas had previously been subject to coaching warnings before the new rule was brought in to allow communication from the stands, and he added: “I'm glad it's not penalised now. That's how it should be. I see no reason to have a coach with you if they can't share some of their view and knowledge with you when you're competing. “I feel like it's something very natural in our sport. For sure it should be used.” It comes a year after the nine-time title winner received multiple coaching violations during last year’s Australian Open, also coming in his matches against Taylor Fritz and Benoit Paire. But it was his match against Medvedev where the coaching really became an issue, as the Russian fumed at the umpire when he believed Tsitsipas’ dad was giving him tips from the stands. “Are you mad? Are you mad? For what? His father can coach every point? Are you stupid?” the world No 8 fumed at the time. DON'T MISSAustralian Open finalist refused to watch Wimbledon and faces championAus Open crowd loudly boo as Djokovic loses patience with umpireRussian star addresses Aus Open flag ban after Srdjan Djokovic storm  “His father can talk every point? His father can talk every point? His father can talk every point? His father can talk every point? Will you answer my question. Will you answer my question? Can you answer my question? Can you answer my question, please? Can his father talk every point?” It prompted officials to bring in Asderaki-Moore to ensure that Apostolos’ words to his son were only supportive and not coaching, and it paid off as footage showed the referee alerting the match umpire to an Apostolos shout - which resulted in Tsitsipas receiving a coaching warning.