Chelsea have been urged to “pay up” Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s contract if no suitor can be found for the striker in January, after he was substituted both on and off during the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City on Thursday. The ex-Arsenal and Barcelona man came on for Raheem Sterling after the England star was forced off in the opening few minutes of the game, but was then substituted a few moments after Pep Guardiola’s side had taken the lead through Riyad Mahrez in the second half. The Blues were hoping to get back into the game and equalise, but Graham Potter opted to take the only fit striker in the squad off the pitch, 63 minutes after he entered it as a substitute. The 33-year-old was not able to make an impact on the game in between his substitutions, however, and ex-Chelsea striker Chris Sutton even suggested that it may be his last game under Potter. Aubameyang only joined the club in the final days of the summer market, as he was looking forward to linking up with his former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel, but the striker only managed one appearance under the German before he was sacked and replaced by Potter. Ex-Liverpool striker Stan Collymore feels that Chelsea have to axe Aubameyang “ASAP” and that they could even pay up the remainder of his contract. “As for Aubameyang, the punt at the time was worth it,” Collymore wrote on Twitter. “Now? Get rid ASAP before he has any influence over the dressing room. Has no place at a GP Chelsea whatsoever. Pay him up if necessary. Will only go south fast now. Probably in a gold Lamborghini.” Though Collymore did express support for Potter, as there has been growing pressure surrounding his job following a string of poor results both before and after the World Cup break. “Stick with it,” Collymore added. “I know for a fact GP's [Potter] questions to TB [Todd Boehly] factored in ‘immediate results v long term planning’, so if they get rid now or summer more fool them. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out “You either have a vision and stable growth or keep having the sugar hit of change which may no longer work anyway! Chelsea are [Manchester] United 3 years ago. Throw names at a board, scattergun recruitment (not GP fault). “If they're going to be a force with GP get a 22-24 yr old core, buy young/promise and let GP have time to develop them. Or go hire and fire again with more competitive clubs than ever.” Despite an improved performance, particularly in the second half, Chelsea came from Stamford Bridge without a point from the game and are sitting tenth in the Premier League table.