Dutch football icon Wesley Sneijder feels Manchester United's interest in Wout Weghorst "must be a stunt". The Red Devils entered the January transfer window hoping to bring in a back-up striker following Cristiano Ronaldo's controversial exit. Anthony Martial is the only recognised central forward in Erik ten Hag's squad and the United boss has been forced to move Marcus Rashford into the middle on occasions to help cover recently. Joao Felix, Memphis Depay and Cody Gakpo had all been linked with moves to Old Trafford. Gakpo has since joined Liverpool while Chelsea have won the race for Felix's signature and Depay could end up taking the Portuguese star's place at Atletico Madrid. It's left United short of options in the January transfer window with the club also tight on finances. They've now turned their attentions to Weghorst, who joined Besiktas on loan from Burnley last summer. The 30-year-old has impressed in the Turkish league while he also gained headlines at the World Cup for his two goals against Argentina, including the dramatic equaliser at the end of normal time.  United's interest in Weghorst has still raised some eyebrows following his disappointing short stint in the Premier League with Burnley. He offers Ten Hag something different to what United already have in Martial, but Sneijder can't understand why the Red Devils would be interested in the Dutchman. According to Voetbal Primeur, Sneijder said on Veronica Offside: "I think they've seen the trick with the free kick [in the quarter-final of the World Cup against Argentina], so they don't fall for that in England anymore. In terms of striker, is he really someone United are waiting for? I don't think so.  "They still have 300 of those in the Premier League. It must be a stunt. This really can't be true." United's biggest stumbling block in trying to sign Weghorst is the fact Besiktas signed him on loan for the full season. The Premier League outfit will therefore need to pay a fee for Besiktas to release him from his current deal. The Turkish side are said to be reluctant to do so without receiving some compensation as they continue to fight near the top of the table. But it's been reported that Weghorst could pay the compensation fee out of his own pocket to force through a move to Old Trafford.