Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is at risk of losing out on a priority target during the summer, but an alternative option could allow him to replicate Robin van Persie's impact at Old Trafford over 10 years ago. Wout Weghorst has been brought in on loan this month but the Red Devils are expected to pursue a long-term solution at the end of the campaign. United were supposedly in for a top striker as far back as last summer but they were forced to watch on as bitter rivals Liverpool signed Darwin Nunez and Manchester City snapped up Norwegian extraordinaire Erling Haaland. Cristiano Ronaldo's recent exit has made matters even more complicated, but Weghorst has been brought in on loan from Burnley to provide extra options over the coming months. A statement move is expected in the summer and The Independent claim that Ten Hag's preference would be a pacey frontman such as Victor Osimhen. However, Napoli have played a tough game in the past and the Nigerian's contract situation suggests that he won't be attainable for under £100million, which United are unlikely to stretch to after splurging on multiple targets last year. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss Even if Napoli did agree to let go of the 24-year-old, United may be staring an even better option in the face. Harry Kane will have just 12 months remaining on his Tottenham deal come the end of the season and another campaign without silverware would surely see the England captain try and force through an exit. Despite being one of the most feared strikers in the Premier League era, Kane is yet to win a trophy at club or international level and he will turn 30 before the start of 2023/24. If Spurs are keen to cash in while they can, this summer may be the perfect time to do so and United would surely be near the front of the queue if he is made available. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo sparks boos after withdrawing from All-Star XI vs PSG matchChelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downChelsea face £13.5m bill to release Bakayoko as club 'ready' for exit Van Persie was 29 years old when he arrived at Old Trafford as an already-established Premier League marksman. At the time, the Dutchman was on a seven-year stretch without silverware as the Gunners struggled to compete with their rivals during the latter stages of Arsene Wenger's tenure. During his very first season with the Red Devils, Van Persie scored 26 league goals to win the Golden Boot as United got their hands on the Premier League title. Kane could make a similar impact as a player closing in on Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League goals record, having averaged more than 22 per campaign since 2014/15.  Reports indicate that the Spurs academy product would be open to the move as United's fortunes steadily improve under Ten Hag. A recent run of good results has left them third in the Premier League table with Tottenham losing ground on the Champions League spots. Although Kane may not bring the pace that Ten Hag supposedly considers a priority, his lethal finishing and creativity could make him an immediate hit in the north-west, just like Van Persie was a decade ago.