Many households will take an additional hit in April as the energy bills discount ends with the final £67 a month instalment in March. Energy provider Eon Next has come up with a list of ways people can reduce their bills by changing how they use their appliances or investing in new measures. The company included two tips for changing the hot water use of a household by reducing the temperature water is heated to. One tip was to reduce the hot water cylinder temperature from 70 degrees celsius to 60 degrees. This is still within the recommended temperature range and could save £26 a year in bills. Consumers can also reduce the boiler flow temperature from 70 degrees to 60 degrees, which is still within the recommended range. This measure could save a family £43 a year. People were also encouraged to “check your daily routine to see if you are using your heating longer than you need during the week”. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again  This simple change can save a household around £135 a year, or £68 by reducing the temperature to 1.5 degrees. Another easy tip is to make sure devices are turned off at the plug rather than left on standby, as this needlessly adds to energy bills. This applies to TVs and game consoles, as well as appliances such as kettles, toasters and lamps. Turning off at the plug could save a household £65 a year. People can also help insulate their windows simply by shutting curtains and blinds around the hous READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% This helps prevent heat loss from inside the property and could save a household £10 over the course of a year. Eon Next also suggested some home improvements that could be a worthwhile investment in saving on energy bills. Insulating a water tank is simple and can be done without professional help. The devices cost around £163 and could save a household £70 a year. Professional draught proofing costs roughly £225 and can save a household £125 a year in energy bills, paying back the investment in two years. Another upgrade to consider are smart thermostats. These allow a person to control their heating using their smartphone. They cost up to £300 to install but can save a billpayer £64 a year, with a payback of just over four and a half years. One way to improve the insulation of windows is to install window film. This can cost around £300 to install and could save up to £43 a year. Another investment is to upgrade loft insulation. Loft insulation of 50mm can save around £291 a year while upgrading from 50mm to 200mm can save an extra £54 a year.