Blood stains are particularly difficult to remove because blood contains haemoglobin which clots when it’s exposed to air. Clotting usually helps to heal wounds more quickly and helps prevent lots of blood loss when we cut ourselves. However, the clotting makes it difficult for blood to be removed from sheets. The blood binds to any surface where blood is spilt making it tricky to remove from fabric. However, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing blood stains from sheets without using harsh chemicals. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ On one such group, Facebook user Sharon Mitchell asked: “Any tips on how to remove blood from sheets, thanks in advance.” The post was flooded with comments from fellow social media users with the most suggested solution being to use cold water and salt. Antoinette Neilson said: “Soak in cold water and lots of salt.” Klimsa Sheila agreed and wrote: “Steep in cold water WITH SALT.” Valerie Foggo commented on the post: “Soak in cold salty water before washing. Hot water will set the stain.” DON'T MISS‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills [INSIGHT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] Fiona Clarke agreed and posted: “As above soak in cold water and salt and wash on a low temperature.” Karen Hurst replied: “Cold water and salt over the stain.” Diana Chamberland said: "Soak them in cold water with salt, my Mum always did [this] and it works." Salt can be found in most homes as it’s an essential ingredient for cooking. However, if you don’t have any salt, it can be bought in most local supermarkets or online.  READ MORE: Woman admits she doesn’t wash her pyjamas after every wear Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch included using milk, Elbow Grease, washing detergent, washing-up liquid, Ace laundry bleach and cold water. Rena Shakham said: “Cold water, washing liquid neat and scrub before putting it into the washing machine.” Katherine Stanley replied: “Soak in milk then wash in cold water.” Janet Davis commented: “Spray with Elbow Grease spray, leave it for five minutes, rub and wash on a normal wash.” Jacqui Peters wrote: “Cold water and a Vanish tablet. Rub gently with it and then leave to soak.” Joanne Smith suggested: “Always use Ace laundry bleach.” Rita Trimmell posted: “Rinse well with COLD water, then spot treat with hydrogen peroxide. Wash as usual in cold water.” Pauline Evans-Murphy replied: “Fairy liquid on the blood, rub in then wash in the washing machine.”