Most fluffy bath mats are incredibly easy to throw in the wash yet they often go unnoticed when it comes to cleaning the bathroom. Adding them to a laundry basket after every use is unnecessary, though April Sargis, founder of Cloth Bristle and owner of The Neat Nest, has urged households to re-think their washing habits. She explained that a "good rule of thumb" is to launder bath mats every two weeks while keeping an eye out for key signs that mean it's time for a refresh - including mildew and mould.   A bath mat offers the perfect conditions for mould to grow amongst the fluffy fibres, with everything from dust, dirt, and skin cells left to gather in the damp material. With every use, fabric mats absorb more and more moisture - making them even more of a haven for unpleasant bacteria and fungus spores to thrive. Of course, visible dirt and foul odours are both key signs that you need to wash your bath mat, but there are other ways to tell according to cleaning expert April Sargies. She explained that another "common sign" your mat is dirty is when it "simply won't stay in place", adding that failing to clean it is not only unsanitary but can also put your health at risk, adding that "harmful mould and mildew and bacteria will grow". While your first thought may be to throw it in the washing machine, the cleaning expert recommended taking a bit of extra care for certain fabrics to ensure a deep clean. READ MORE: Mum uses 2 methods to stop condensation and 'the results are amazing' Many cloth designs are machine washable and so are easy to launder alongside towels and similar materials. However, you should always double-check the label first. To deodorise the fibres, try adding half a cup of baking soda to a rinse cycle next time you go to wash it. If your bath mat is made of thick, fluffy fibres, a dash of white vinegar is an excellent replacement for fabric conditioners to maintain a soft texture and avoid crispiness. Drying the mat may also be done in a tumble dryer, but anything with a non-slip gripping layer should only ever be left to air dry on a line. According to April, this is because high heat can dry out the rubber or plastic backing that helps it stick to the floor. DON'T MISS:‘Rule’ to achieve a ‘professional’ look when painting any room in home [REVEAL]‘Easy and effective’ DIY mouse traps using ‘household scraps’ [TIPS]Nine ‘cheap but clever’ improvements to add value to your home [INSIGHT] Hand-wash method For fragile fabrics like jute, a hand wash method is best to avoid ruining delicate fibres. Start by folding the mat or rug in half and shake it outside to remove loose dirt. Next, combine one cup of vinegar with one cup of warm water and two tablespoons of dish soap in a spray bottle. Treat visible stains by spraying the solution directly onto them and scrubbing them with a microfiber cloth. Fill your bathtub or a large bucket with a few inches of warm water and some more dish soap, and place the rug into the liquid to soak. READ MORE: Five commonly ‘botched’ DIY jobs to avoid at home Wearing gloves, gently scrub the mat using a soft-bristled brush. You should always take care to avoid completely submerging bamboo mats as this can damage the fibres. Rinse the soapy residue away with fresh clean water and hang the mat outside to dry. Always sweep or vacuum the bathroom floor before replacing your mat to keep it cleaner for longer. It's not just fabric mats that need to be cleaned, in fact, all kinds of solid designs also need regular washing. Plastic Plastic surfaces can be safely wiped over with ready-made disinfectant cleaner, or you can mix your own together using some household ingredients.     In a spray bottle, combine equal parts water and white vinegar. For a fresh scent, add a few drops of essential oil or lemon juice and shake well. Spritz liberally over the mat to treat mould spores, odours and bacteria before wiping the residue away with a clean cloth.  Wood and bamboo The same homemade cleanser can be used on wooden and bamboo bathmats in place of chemical-based products. April suggested flipping all non-cloth bath mats over so that you can scrub all of the crevices, nooks, and crannies on the bottom, as well. She said: "Let them dry in a well-ventilated area or outdoors after cleaning."