Taylor LeJeune, who went by Waffler69 on TikTok, posted videos of himself eating such items as canned cheeseburgers, reindeer meat, baby food, and long-expired products such as ham canned in the 1960s. Mr LeJeune, who was 33 when he died, had 1.8 million followers on TikTok and his videos had been viewed more than 32 million times. His last video, posted on January 11, was of him eating a giant piece of Fruit Loops cereal dipped in milk. Clayton Claydorm, Mr LeJuene's brother, took to TikTok to break the news. He said: "My brother Taylor... has passed away around 10pm on January 11, 2023, from a presumed heart attack." He continued: "He was rushed to the hospital, and I want to say, like, an hour and a half later he passed away. This is still pretty new. "I don't know what's going to be happening in the near future... but I thought I should get on TikTok and let everybody know." Mr LeJuene's mother called Mr Claydorm to say she needed their car to take the TikTok sensation to hospital as he couldn't breathe. Mr Calydorm confirmed that an ambulance took his brother to hospital, where he died. There is a history of heart conditions in Mr LeJuene's family, with both his father and grandfather dying before 50 from heart failure. A GoFundMe page has been set up by Mr Claydorm, to raise funds to cover the funeral costs. So far 570 donors have given $12,318, which is just shy of the $13,500 target. Mr Claydorm posted on the crowdfunding page: "Im not sure what im doing. My mother has paid the creamation which was 1500. "Im not really sure how much i should be asking for let alone SHOULD be asking anyone of anything. "If he has touched your heart in some way, Me and my family would appreciate it." He finished his post by saying: "This has been insane to see how many people truly loved my brother besides my small circle of family. thank you so much." Some donors donated as much as $500 to help cover Mr LeJuene's mother's funeral expenses and his medical care. Fans of Waffler69's video expressed their sorrow on Twitter, with one writing: "Damn RIP Waffler69. Dude had a heart attack in his sleep. He was an upbeat guy, and funny to watch. Prayers to his family. I was in legit tears watching this. Sad" Another wrote: "Rest in peace to an amazing creator and beautiful soul. "Taylor, aka waffler69 was someone I watched for a long, long time on TikTok and has passed away suddenly according to close family. "Damn this one hurts. Lost a good one."