There is ‘some chatter’ Antony will be dropped by Manchester United for tonight’s Premier League clash with Bournemouth, according to reports. The Red Devils go into the game hoping to continue their fine form, having lost just one of their last 15 matches across all competitions. However, their £86million man has struggled in recent times - and could now be set to pay the price. Manchester United have won their last three matches since the World Cup, overcoming the likes of Burnley, Nottingham Forest and Wolves. But Antony has struggled, with the Brazil international now going 12 matches without a goal or assist for club and country. According to the Manchester Evening News, there is now ‘some chatter’ the former Ajax star won’t start tonight as United look to pick up all three points. So, with that being the case, it’s possible Alejandro Garnacho will get the nod instead. The 18-year-old started against Wolves on Saturday but came off at half time, with Marcus Rashford coming on in his place. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Rashford and Anthony Martial are both expected to feature, with the pair continuing to strike up a good connection at the tip of Erik ten Hag’s attack. On social media, there are also whispers of some surprising calls being made by the Red Devils this evening. It’s been claimed Harry Maguire is primed to start, with the England international overlooked in favour of Luke Shaw for recent matches against Wolves and Forest. And it’s also been reported that Donny van de Beek could come in, too. Van de Beek has disappointed in the two-and-a-half years since his arrival from Ajax but, now, could be given a lifeline as he looks to prove his worth. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Speaking about Antony after he struggled against Wolves on Saturday, former United star Gary Neville expressed a belief the forward had much to learn. "Agree with Anthony (he’s a lot to do to get to 95m price tag). [Paul] Pogba had pedigree when he signed for United so not comparable,” he said. With Antony struggling, and Jadon Sancho absent, there has been talk of United potentially recalling Amad from his loan at Sunderland. The Ivory Coast international moved to the Championship back in the summer after previously struggling during a temporary spell at Rangers. He’s impressed in the time since, however, scoring six goals from 19 league games and clocking up one assist as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag, however, has admitted he’s reluctant to recall the former Atalanta star due to concerns over how it could impact his development. "We consider everything but I have a little bit of reservation about [recalling Amad] because I don’t want to stop the process," Ten Hag said. "He has made really good progress there so I’m happy with that. "But young players need experiences and when we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting XI or minimum to come on for a lot of games and make an impact." When quizzed on why he let Amad go, he added: "Because in that moment I didn’t see him in the starting XI or a player who had already had an impact. "But I see and value and his potential and capabilities. "What I saw is that he needs experience in men’s football, senior football. I think there are many aspects of football to get strong physically and mentally, and also skills-wise, to improve and develop that so he can have value for us." In his programme notes before tonight’s game, Ten Hag said: We have a lot to do in the months ahead. “We are still not where we would like to be in the league, despite our steady improvement since the start of the season, and there's plenty to do in the cup competitions, because we want to reach finals and win silverware. “Being ambitious and demanding success is a fundamental part of representing Manchester United.”