Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product. It is then withdrawn from shelves and customers are told what to do if they have already bought it. Aldi is recalling various Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because they contain milk and/or peanuts and/or soya which may not be emphasised in bold type on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy to soya. The protein bars are the Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter, and Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough. The Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake comes in a pack 60g in size and all batch codes have been affected. The allergen it contains is milk. READ MORE: Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method The Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough is also 60g in size and all batch codes are affected. Its allergens are milk, peanuts, and soya. The Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel is 60g in size and its allergens are milk and soya. All batch codes are affected. The Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter comes in a pack 60g in size and its allergens are milk and peanuts. All batch codes are also affected. As for the Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, all batch codes are again affected and its allergens are milk and soya. It comes in a pack 60g in size. DON'T MISS:'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers [RECIPE]I used white vinegar and baking soda to roast potatoes - results [VIDEO]'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL] The Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange also comes in a pack 60g in size, and all batch codes are affected. Its allergens are milk and soya. The Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter comes in a pack 180g in size and all batch codes are affected. Its allergens are milk and peanuts. The Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough is also a 180g-size pack, and all batch codes are affected. Its allergens are milk, peanuts, and soya. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) often publishes the most recent food recalls on its website. It has shared a risk statement relating to Aldi's products, saying: "These products contain milk, peanuts and soya making them a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, and/or an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy to soya." The FSA also revealed the action taken by the company. It stated: "Aldi is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. This notice explains to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products." In its notice, Aldi said: "As a precautionary measure, our supplier is recalling Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because allergens in the ingredient list may not be emphasised in bold on the label. "Customers are asked to return this product to their nearest store, where a full refund will be given. "For further information, please visit help.aldi.co.uk. Customer services can be contacted on 0800 042 0800." The FSA also offered its advice. It said: "If you have bought any of the above products and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, and/or an allergy to peanuts, and/or an allergy to soya do not eat them. "Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund. "For further information, please contact Aldi customer services at help.aldi.co.uk or phone them on 0800 042 0800."