The kitchen is the heart of the home and can cost thousands to renovate especially if large cabinets or appliances need replacing. One aspect of a kitchen that can completely transform the space is the worktop. Worktops are large expanses of material that can be costly to replace. Worktops come in a plethora of materials including granite, quartz, hard wood, laminate, glass and stainless steel among others. However, one savvy mum has managed to transform her space using B&Q bargains and a freebie from Facebook Marketplace. Eleanor Bromley, a 28-year-old single mum from Farnham, told money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk how she managed to transform her kitchen worktops. Eleanor said she follows the Instagram accounts of Stacey Solomon and Mrs Hinch who inspired her DIY transformation. She’s also a member of various groups on Facebook related to home improvements so being surrounded by these influences led to come up with the idea. Eleanor wanted her kitchen to reflect the neutral, earthy tones of her living room. READ MORE: ‘Ideal temperature’ to avoid condensation, damp and mould in your home However, the cabinets and drawers in her kitchen had a pine wood effect and grey countertops. To transform the kitchen, the 28-year-old decided to give the counters a wooden look and turn the cabinets from pine to white to make the space “look bigger”. Eleanor decided to use a vinyl wrap, having seen others use the technique and save themselves cash. She explained: “I bought most of the supplies from B&Q and the total price was around £70. “My first purchase was D-C-Fix Whitewood Gloss White Wood Effect Self-Adhesive Film. “This was £6.50 per roll and I bought seven rolls after measuring out how much I needed for the cabinets and drawers. DON'T MISSTurn white shirts 'bright again' and 'as good as new' with simple hack [INSIGHT]How to clean a headboard - the 3 steps [UPDATE]'Common sign' your bath mat needs washing to banish 'harmful mould' [ANALYSIS] “The wrap I chose for the counters was D-C-Fix Woodgrain Artisan Oak Self Adhesive Vinyl Wrap Film. “This was slightly more expensive at £7 per roll but I only needed three rolls for this part of the project. I also picked up a D-C-Fix Self-Adhesive Film Decorator Knife Set for £3.50.” Before getting started, Eleanor watched YouTube videos to ensure she had a good overview of the process. She then began thoroughly cleaning every surface before drying them. Some people recommended using sugar soap to do this but she just used plain soap and water. After that, she lined up the paper on the surface she was covering and cut away any excess. Next, she very slowly peeled away a couple of inches at a time and smoothed it down with a special tool using the Decorator Knife Set. READ MORE: 'Important' bathroom hacks to stop paint peeling and 'repel moisture' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Eleanor said her kitchen has “strange angles” which made it tricky to line up the D-C-Fix. Bubbles under the paper were “another issue” Eleanor faced which is why the process can be painstakingly slow. If you notice a bubble under the paper, Eleanor advised peeling it back and redoing the section again. Some of the YouTube videos recommended removing the cupboard doors so they could be covered while sitting on the floor. However, the screws on Eleanor’s cabinets were threaded so she could not directly remove them. Instead, she decided to work directly onto the cupboard fronts while they were still attached. To make the space look more “decorative”, Eleanor collected a free extractor fan from somebody on Facebook Marketplace. She also had some spare wood lying around so she sawed it down to make some decorative shelves. Eleanor added: “I hated that the tiles finished directly below the cupboards as it really highlighted the gap between the cupboards. So I figured that adding the shelves would tie it together better. “I then wrapped the wood with some leftover vinyl to match the worktops. I used some brackets to attach them to the wall. After that, I already had some LED strip lights from Amazon and used them underneath the central shelves. I wish I’d bought one with a dimmer on it so I could choose how bright to have it.” Eleanor said she was pleased with the outcome despite it taking her more than 20 hours to complete. Tom Church, co-founder of LatestDeals.co.uk, said: “Eleanor has done a great job transforming her kitchen on a budget. “Getting new countertops and a professional paint or wrapping job would have cost £100s more than the £70 she spent, and I’m also impressed she was able to do it in such a short amount of time!”