Thomas, 21, a part-time DJ with ambitions to join the Marines, intervened to try to calm down a fight over an e-scooter, of all things, only to be stabbed to death in the heart and the stomach by Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai. The attack on Thomas was an attack on us all and exposed just how vulnerable and trusting our nation is, letting people in on their say-so without doing even the most basic of checks. Abdulrahimzai got here by pretending to be a schoolboy. He told authorities he was a 14-year-old orphan from Afghanistan – in fact, he was well over 18 and had already been sentenced (in his absence) to 20 years in a Serbian jail for murdering two fellow migrants with a Kalashnikov. Sadly, officials didn’t believe he was 14, but under Home Office rules had to give him the benefit of the doubt. He could only be treated as an adult if his physical appearance and demeanour “strongly suggested” he was 25 or over.  In the last few years, how many of us have seen images supposedly of young boys arriving onto our shores and questioned their age? Simple clues such as a muscular physique and facial hair making it almost impossible to believe they were boys and far more likely fully grown men, only to be silenced and branded heartless by lawyers and do-gooders helping them settle here without question. We must be the laughing stock of the world. What on earth are we doing? Not only did we let these men in, we then placed them in foster homes and schools with our children – wolves among lambs. Since 2015 the UK has taken on average 3,000 unaccompanied children each year. The problem is thousands weren’t children. In the year ending September 2021, Home Office data shows there were 1,696 cases where the age of the child migrant was called into question and of those, 1,118 – 66 per cent – were found to be 18 or older. Our system is too trusting and has inevitably been exploited. It must be strengthened, and the virtue-signalling siren voices ignored. Thankfully, a committee of British scientists has sanctioned the use of X-rays on wisdom teeth, hand or wrist bones as a way to determine age and the Government will be introducing these checks quickly. Sadly, not soon enough for Thomas or his family but it may save needless victims of crime and prevent another family from grieving. It may not be PC to say so but protecting the public should always take priority – not giving the benefit of the doubt to people we know nothing about. Week in, week out excess deaths in the country remain high, and it’s time to find out why. In the Commons this week I asked ministers for a full investigation. It obviously struck a chord, because more than half-a-million have watched the video I posted of this on Twitter. I wanted to challenge Sir Chris Whitty’s recent warning that this is being partly driven by people not getting statins or blood pressure medicines during the pandemic. Whitty has said there is “little doubt” about this. So why, on the monthly NHS prescribing data on OpenPrescribing.net, can no noticeable drop in statins be found? At a meeting of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Pandemic Response I chaired last week, Oxford Professor Carl Heneghan said you’d need to treat around 83 people with statins, for an average of five years, to prevent one death. So in order to see 10,000 deaths, around 830,000 people would have to come off their prescribed treatment for five years. When I raised the issue, I wanted the Government to commit to an urgent investigation. But the question was dodged. We deserve better. No stone should be left unturned in trying to find out why so many people are dying unexpectedly, and I’ve asked the Minister and Secretary of State for Health for a comprehensive answer. As Prof Heneghan said, we must find out what’s going on. Only then will we know what we are up against and how to fight it. I fear that one of the legacies of the pandemic is we can no longer rely on what we are told by people such as the Chief Medical Officer.