A weather pattern shift striking the US in coming days is expected to wreak havoc across the country. The shift will create an active storm that's expected to track north-eastwards. Severe thunderstorms are expected on Tuesday in parts of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida, with tornadoes, large hail and damaging straight-line winds all possible. New York is expected to be badly hit following a particularly snow-starved winter. Torrential downpours are expected to bombard the region into Monday. Some areas in the northeast may experience minimal snow going into the start of the week, but not in New York city, as it experiences its longest stretch without significant snowfall in recent history. On Sunday, FOX Meteorologist Christopher Tate told New York Post: "It’s just rain between now and this time tomorrow." A torrential downpour is expected to continue through Monday, all the way to Boston, and covering the New York area. Snow is expected to be seen in some North Jersey suburbs and north Westchester County, but it is unlikely the flurries will stick. READ MORE: The killer hurricane-style storm that ripped through UK leaving 14 dead New York has yet to experience any significantly heavy snowfall, which is usually experienced around December 13 each year,  Mr Tate said. He said: "Normally, we would have already seen our first measurable snow by now. “We have not yet had measurable snow in Central Park this season. "We’ve had traces of snow a couple of times, but that doesn’t count as measurable snow." DON'T MISSAuthorities 'allowed' to Epstein to die, says Ghislaine Maxwell [LATEST]Kamala Harris says 'senseless gun violence has to end' [INSIGHT]Harry's local bookshop has only sold 30 copies of Spare [REPORT] He added: "We’re very quickly closing in on the longest snowless stretch in New York." The heavy rainfall is unlikely to create too much chaos as the weather is too warm for the rain to freeze, the weather expert confirmed. Temperatures were around 40 degrees in New York on Sunday evening, with some surrounding areas experiencing temperatures in the upper 30s. While New York City will remain warm, there may be a threat of freezing rain and snow for areas north of Albany.   Mr Tate said: "The low-pressure system that’s driving this is moving pretty quickly. This is not a set up that’s going to give us long-lasting impacts. For the folks upstate, this is just going to be another round of snow." Some light snow will be experienced in New York, the eastern Great Lakes and Pennsylvania. As a new, stronger storm system takes shape, it’s expected to head up the East coast and begin to bring rain to parts of the Northeast by Monday. The storm is expected to exit the region by Monday night. 