Fans of Netflix’s hit fantasy drama were stunned when it was announced Superman star Henry Cavill would be exiting his role as Geralt of Rivia to be replaced by Liam Hemsworth in season four. Much of The Witcher’s supporting cast were kept in the dark about his departure, as co-star Lars Mikkelsen revealed in an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk. Stregobor star Lars admitted he wasn’t aware of Henry’s plans to leave The Witcher until it was announced in the press. The show’s leading man was confirmed to have dropped out in October last year, nearly a year after the release of season two. He’ll be replaced by Hunger Games star Liam for a fourth season which has already been confirmed. “I was [surprised], yeah,” Lars told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession “We finished up in August, I think. And I didn’t know. I didn’t know at all.” Henry’s exit clearly came as a surprise to the supporting cast, and the reasons behind his decision to leave are still up for speculation. Many fans have suggested the star wasn’t happy with the direction of the series away from the source material by Andrzej Sapkowski. “I only had one or two scenes with him, so I didn’t really get to speak with him,” Lars added. “But what it’s about, I don’t know. I really don’t know.” Lars has appeared in six episodes across The Witcher’s first two seasons as Stregobor, a devout wizard who has caused trouble and provided assistance to Geralt and his companions. The Danish star is unsure whether his role will continue in the series' third and fourth outings, though he is keen on the opportunity to work with Liam eventually. “Well, of course, I would!” he confirmed when asked if he’d like to return alongside the new lead. DON'T MISS:The Rig fans distracted by ‘terrible’ accent [BACKLASH]Outlander season 7 update confirms fan-favourite return [LATEST]Thandiwe Newton’s daughter on The Last of Us pressure [INTERVIEW] “But let’s see what happens. I don’t really know if I’m continuing. We never know these things.” For now, Lars has just wrapped up the third season of Face to Face, a Danish production for which the star returned after a one-episode appearance in the first instalment. “I got to meet some of the best actors in the country, so that’s one thing,” he said of his stint on the crime drama. “And it relates to theatre, the way it's done. I was brought up on the theatre, so I have to say it was fascinating work.” Meanwhile, all eyes are on Henry’s upcoming projects after he announced he had also been let go from his iconic film role as Clark Kent/Superman. It was recently confirmed he was attached to an upcoming Warhammer series for Amazon Prime Video, which the star revealed had been a “lifelong dream”. “For 30 years I have dreamt of seeing a Warhammer universe in live action,” he said on Instagram. “Now, after 22 years of experience in this industry, I finally feel that I have the skill set and experience to guide a Warhammer Cinematic Universe into life.” There are also rumours the British star could be being eyed to portray the next James Bond, though this is still unconfirmed. The Witcher seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix. All three seasons of ‘Face to Face’ are available to stream exclusively on Viaplay. Find out more and subscribe to Viaplay here: www.viaplay.com