Mould is unfortunately a common problem in British homes, especially in the winter months. With an average of 42 days of rainfall between January and March, it’s not surprising that the extra moisture creates the perfect conditions for mould to thrive. When storing clothes, most of us simply put them on a hanger in the wardrobe or fold them up into a drawer or storage box. However, if you live in a poorly-ventilated property, there could be a mould and mildew disaster brewing. Unfortunately, Rosie, 28, and Nick, 27, from Leeds found this out the hard way. The couple were left £460 down due to dry cleaning and other costs after they found Nick’s suits covered in mould and mildew on the day they were due to attend a wedding. The mould problem meant the couple were late to the wedding, and Nick had to wear jeans and a smart shirt rather than a suit as they were the only items that weren’t covered in mould. The couple ended up spending £200 on costly dry cleaning to remove the mould, and a further £90 on anti-mould paint. They then had to purchase a dehumidifier to combat the damp problem, meaning the mould and mildew issue ended up costing them a whopping £460 in total. Rosie told Suit Direct: “Usually you don’t think anything of storing away your clothes on a hanger and popping them on whenever you plan to wear. READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ “But it really is worth taking the extra time to protect your more expensive garments from problems such as mould or moths – we learned the hard way, for sure. “With the cost-of-living crisis going on we could have used the £460 elsewhere, with the rising gas and energy bills. “But in future we’re definitely going to take extra precautions to protect our clothing, as unfortunately unexpected accidents do happen.” To prevent mould and mildew issues in wardrobes, the suiting experts at menswear retailer Suit Direct have shared their advice for storing clothing for protection against mould and other factors. DON'T MISS‘Best’ washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings on bills [INSIGHT]‘Brilliant’ 95p spray to remove tough oven glass stains in 5 minutes [UPDATE]'Best' method to clean damp walls to make mould 'disappear'  [ANALYSIS] Some shirts and suite trousers can be tumble-dried, however, not all materials can. The best method to protect clothing against damp and mould buildup is to air dry them in a cool, dry place away from sunlight. It’s important always to make sure the area is properly ventilated as damp clothing is a prime spot for mould growth. When air-drying, never cram clothing together as they won’t ventilate properly and may leave a musty smell. Water-repellent sprays are normally used by campers and hikers but they can also be used to give clothing a protective moisture-resistant layer. READ MORE: Easy towel method to keep clothes crease-free without an iron Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To use it, spray it all over the outside of the garment before putting it in the wardrobe or drawers. For more protection, you can use silica gel packets in pockets of suits and jackets. This will naturally soak up moisture. To protect garments from moths and mildew, store them in a breathable cloth suit cover. Plastic covers shouldn’t be used as they can trap moisture and leave clothes smelling damp. Hang clothing in a cool, dry clean and dark wardrobe with space between them to prevent creases. To prevent moths and mould, place cedar blocks or sachets of lavender in the wardrobe. Use vacuum bags for items of clothing you are not wearing regularly. These seal out the moisture while minimising space. Over time dust and debris can gather on the fibres of suits and shirts, which can cause odour or moths to take advantage. If you wear suits regularly, invest in a suit brush. A wood-handed brush with natural bristles is the best choice. Simply brush the fabric in a downward motion to remove any dust, dead skin, hair, or food particles. Follow it up with a lint roller for a spotless clean. Dehumidifiers aren’t just good for clothes but for your home too as they will future-proof against any mould issues. A good quality dehumidifier will draw out excess moisture from the air and prevent conditions forming where mould thrives. As a bonus, a dehumidifier will help remove musty smells, commonly found in damp and humid spaces. Dehumidifiers can be pricey but they are often a worthwhile investment. Nicola Barker, head of buying at Suit Direct added: “When investing money into quality suits and formalwear, shoppers want their garments to have as long of a life span as possible. “Though we can’t predict damp problems occurring in the home, we can do our best to protect our garments with the right care. “Although clothing storage and care might seem like a laborious process, keeping up these simple care habits can have long-term benefits when it comes to the lifespan of your tailoring.”