An Army veteran has been fined for assaulting a police officer over a row about social distancing around the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday. In a video which went viral on social media, ex-Scots Guard Ben Buckland, 48, was seen to be pushed to the floor by a police officer as he marched up and down a police cordon playing the bagpipes.  The court heard Buckland came to Whitehall in traditional Highland dress, including a kilt and Glengarry, and with a set of bagpipes on November 8, 2020.Jurors saw footage of Buckland, a former UKIP candidate, saying: “We fought for that flag. We want that barrier removed so we can lay our wreaths as we have done for years.”He also said: “Would you know that there was a pandemic unless people told you there was? I ask all of you, how many people do you know that’s died of it?”Buckland also called Chief Medical Officer for England, Chris Whitty, “witless” and “in the pocket of [Microsoft founder] Bill Gates”. He added: “We command that we are allowed to go down [to the Cenotaph], and if we can’t have consent, then we will be going down there anyway. “ Buckland stood for local election as a UKIP candidate in May 2018 in Gooshays Ward, Havering, east London. He received 479 votes, accounting for 12.8% of the vote share.Prosecutors said the officer who pushed Buckland to the floor acted because he believed Buckland was trying to barge through a gap between officers to reach the memorial - which he denied.But a jury at Inner London Crown Court unanimously found him guilty of assaulting PC Michael Jones - who had asked if he was 'alright' after the fall.Body-worn footage showed Buckland said: "Am I alright? No thanks to you" before grabbing PC Jones by the elbows, pulling him towards him and shoving him backwards.The bagpiper, of Romford, east London, was cleared of assaulting a second police officer.He was fined £100 and ordered to pay costs of £200. Giving evidence at his trial this week, Buckland said he has a parasitic worm infection in his brain that in combination with his post traumatic stress disorder, can cause him to become confused.He said he contracted cerebral schistosomiasis from a river near Port Elizabeth, South Africa, seven years ago.He told jurors: “My strain is more in the gallbladder, liver, kidneys, I have had them in my eyes. You can feel them, that blurs your vision. The outward symptoms would be quite often confusion. Quite often I have to put on a front to seem normal.“The other more outwardly thing… is the violent retching. It takes control to stop the retching and vomiting.”Prosecutor Matthew Hodgetts said barriers were in place at the time of the incident to ensure social distancing during a private service at the Cenotaph, and police were later allowing the public to pay their respects if they approached in pairs.Mr Hodgetts said police began removing barriers to allow this when Buckland and his group began marching down Whitehall.Buckland then began marching up and down the police line playing the bagpipes, jurors heard.The prosecutor said he “turned suddenly” to “dart between a gap” between PC Simon Kernohan and PC Nathan Rolf and “barge” through the cordon. Giving evidence, Buckland said he was performing a “counter march”.He said: “The counter march is when you wheel around. I slightly lost my footing. It wasn’t the greatest of counter marches. I can actually understand that the police could have misconstrued it was an act against them.”The court heard PC Rolf pushed Buckland as he came towards him, causing Buckland to stumble backwards and fall to the floor.Minutes later, PC Michael Jones saw Buckland fall over and asked him “if he was alright". Giving evidence, PC Jones said: “Weirdly he has grabbed me underneath the arms, underneath each arm with each of his arms. He has pulled me towards him and I’m basically in his face.“Then he says ‘Am I alright? No thanks to you’ then he shoves me away and I have gone stumbling backwards.”The court heard Buckland then began to “mock” the officers, telling them to “take the knee” - a symbol that prosecutors say is associated with anti-racist movements including Black Lives Matter.It was said Buckland went to approach PC Rolf but was blocked by PC Simon Kernohan.Buckland’s hand was filmed holding PC Kernohan’s right arm and the pair briefly grappled before Buckland was again pulled back by friends, it was said.He was cleared of the second assault.The Met Police decided to let Buckland approach the Cenotaph to pay his respects before arresting him later that day.After his arrest, Buckland shared a video taken at the Cenotaph shortly after the incident in which he tells the camera: “If you want things to happen, sometimes you have to.. create to get what you want. I do not give a f**k about being thrown around.“It’s all in the movement. All I was doing was turning. It only takes a few inches to be closer to them to make them react and make them fear…that’s how we managed to succeed to get here because they were never going to let us down, they were not.”