   Investigators then searched the area for the suspect, who had fled the scene in Upper Sandusky, Ohio, the force said in a statement. Bekele was later found several blocks away on South Fifth Street. He has been charged with murder.  Upper Sandusky is a small city with a population of around 7,000 which has not recorded a murder in 20 years. "It's terrifying to see something like this in Upper Sandusky, because this is a nice community," resident Jason Pierce told 10-TV. Keris was killed just under two months after she was married, reports and officials said. She had also just graduated from college - with a bachelor’s degree in human resources. Police Chief Jared Lucas shared that a charge and affidavit were filed into a local court for one count of murder, and that the weapon was also recovered at the scene. READ MORE: Baby dead in bomb cyclone horror    "He's wearing all black. He walked out … when we went into the car," the caller told 911 dispatch of the suspect. "She fell down straight to the ground. He hit her in the back of the neck.” A GoFundMe online fundraiser has been established to help cover funeral costs and grief counselling for Keris’ family. It says Keris and husband Jordan had their lives “ripped apart” in a “matter of seconds”. Amber Geiser, who organised the fundraiser, wrote: “Jordan and Keris were newlyweds who had a bright future ahead of them. “Anyone who met the two could see how much love and adoration they had for each other. “As a young couple life insurance was not on their minds, and Jordan is left with the expense of the funeral and burial along with lost wages for taking time off work to grieve. “Keris was a beautiful soul and anyone who met her would say how sweet and kind she was. “Keris just graduated with her bachelors degree in Human Resources and was looking forward to starting her career. “Jordan and Keris were also looking forward to having children and most recently a puppy and starting their new lives together. “It was ripped apart from the both of them in a matter of seconds. “Please help in any way you can to help Jordan give his wife the burial she deserves.” To donate, click here.  