Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has shot down claims Marcus Rashford went above and beyond what is expected of him against Manchester City. The forward was clearly struggling with an injury in the first half but remained on the pitch and scored the winner in the 2-1 win.  Rashford took a blow to his hip late in the opening 45 minutes. He required treatment but still didn't look at his fittest in the remaining section of the half. Antony came on at half-time but it wasn't for Rashford, with Anthony Martial instead replaced. Rashford looked to have shrugged off the issue in the second half and scored what turned out to be the winner in the 82nd minute after Ten Hag's side had turned the game on its head. BT Sport presenter Des Kelly asked Ten Hag after the match if Rashford deserved to be highlighted for playing through pain. Kelly said: "Marcus Rashford, it looked like he was out in the first half, it looked like he was pulling up with an injury. But you can see how confident he is and how strong he is, and he had that pre pre-season as well, that's obviously made him physically stronger." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE But Ten Hag says Rashford only did what was expected of him. The Dutchman was not prepared to single him out for special praise for playing on despite being in pain. Ten Hag said: "Players have to be resilient and you get kicked in a game. Obviously it happened and it hurts but you have to keep going, you have to do it to get the right result and the right performance and fight and deal with that painful moment. "Even it keeps [being] painful, you have to contribute, the game will go on. That's what he did today, he got rewarded for it and the team got rewarded for it. In top football you have to suffer, to sacrifice, to get the right results to win something".  United created the best opportunities in the first half but were unable to make them count. Pep Guardiola's City side came fast out of the blocks in the second half and their pressure paid off. Jack Grealish replaced Phil Foden and had an immediate impact, heading in Kevin De Bruyne's cross. But United drew level in controversial fashion through Bruno Fernandes. Rashford was fed through but was in an offside position. The England international got close to the ball but didn't touch it, allowing Fernandes to curl past Ederson. VAR deemed the goal to be legal and United then turned the game on its head. Alejandro Garnacho made a big impact off the bench and he laid on an assist for Rashford to continue both his and United's fine form.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here