Manchester City icon Micah Richards blasted Etihad Stadium boos as ‘unacceptable’ as his former side trailed Tottenham in their Premier League clash on Thursday evening. Pep Guardiola's side risked making it three-straight defeats with a woeful first-half performance against Spurs. Ederson's mistake gifted Dejan Kulusevski a goal midway through the opening 45 minutes. Spurs Wing-back Emerson Royal then headed home just moments later, with City failing to regroup after going a goal down. Defeats by Southampton in the EFL Cup and in last weekend's Manchester derby meant tensions were heightened inside the Etihad. Another bad display was likely to prompt negativity after years of success. And as referee Simon Hooper concluded the first-half, loud boos could be heard inside the stadium. City's players appeared disappointed as they trudged off, knowing that another loss handed Arsenal a massive advantage in the Premier League title race. However, former defender Richards slammed those dissenting voices as 'not acceptable'. He felt that Guardiola's stars have enough credit in the bank after winning four of the last five Premier Leagues. JUST IN: Arsenal told they're back to greatness but are still scared of Man Utd Richards told Sky Sports: "No, that's not acceptable. City have brought joy for years now, they've won four leagues out of five. You can't be booing, do you know what I mean? I'm always with the fans but you can't be booing the players after that." The boos proved to be too soon as City staged a remarkable second-half comeback. They had drawn level inside the first 10 minutes of the second period, with Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland both netting in a thrilling period. Riyad Mahrez then powered City ahead with a ferocious strike. It came after Guardiola had taken the blame for City’s recent form. DON'T MISS...Chelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downZaniolo 'asks to leave Roma' as Arsenal learn ways of striking dealChelsea 'agree Noni Madueke transfer deal' after big-money bid The Spaniard said: "When I say I like it, it's because it makes me feel I have to come back again and have to find something to help the team get better, because I'm the man responsible. So, when the players don’t play well and they have the desire to do it, it’s because there's something wrong in my decisions and I have to find it. "In the past, in the final third, we’ve had incredible movements in small areas and in the last games we didn’t have it. I would say that’s my fault. I didn’t make them understand the way we have to attack. Sometimes, I didn’t choose the players properly or it's the way we play. "Here, people don’t wait. When I die, people will talk about how good Pep was, that’s for sure, but now people expect us to perform well and win games. Otherwise it's 'Pep out' - this is how our job is - and I want 'Pep in', I want to stay here. That's what I want and to do that I have to win games, I have to be there in all competitions."