Manchester United icon Patrice Evra has claimed Arsenal are 'scared' of the Red Devils ahead of Sunday's blockbuster Premier League clash. The Gunners can make a significant statement in the title race by pushing their famous foes to one side in north London. Arsenal could head into the game just two points ahead of Manchester City at the Premier League summit, albeit with two games in hand. The second half of the season will provide the ultimate test of character for Mikel Arteta's squad, a test they ultimately failed in their top-four pursuit last term. But they looked a level above Tottenham Hotspur at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday, winning their 15th of 18 league games in the current campaign. And having watched the derby, Evra has backed Arsenal to become Premier League champions for the first time since the 'Invincibles'' success in 2004. But he has claimed the Gunners are 'scared' when it comes to facing United and expects Sunday's clash to present a blast from the past. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He told Betfair: "Arsenal are complete. The fans don't believe they'll win the league because they are scared. I don't see why they won't win the league. "In that Spurs match, I saw a team playing like champions, and that was in a derby. Of course, United are United, and Arsenal have a problem with United. "Tottenham are scared of Arsenal, [and] Arsenal are scared of United. That's always how it's been with the way we used to beat them. Now, this is a big game. I want United to go there and put pressure on them. "Every match, we're saying, 'this is a new challenge for Arsenal... if they win this game... if they win that game,' and what do they do? They win the games. DON'T MISS: Tottenham decide on hijacking Arsenal Leandro Trossard transfer "Finally, it's going to be like a match from back in the day. We're going to have a proper Arsenal vs United game." United haven't won at the Emirates Stadium in their last four visits, losing in three of them, and they will be the underdogs again this weekend. Casemiro's suspension has opened the door for Arsenal to dominate the midfield battle and flaunt their attacking threat to breach the resolute defence Erik ten Hag has built. Arteta's side won't fear United or their 10-game unbeaten run. They will arrive at the Emirates with a job to do, and there is a growing belief they can continue to amass such results to complete their surprise title sweep. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here