Manchester United have made the breakthrough in their loan pursuit of Wout Weghorst after agreeing a compensation fee with Besiktas, Express Sport understands. The Burnley striker, who arrived at Turf Moor one year ago from Wolfsburg in a £12million deal, is now clearing out his locker in Istanbul as he prepares to say his goodbyes ahead of his dream move to Old Trafford where he will team up with compatriot Erik ten Hag.  The 30-year-old frontman will not be part of the Black Eagles' squad to face Konyaspor on Saturday having now seemingly played his final game for the club. Weghorst will now travel to Manchester to undergo a medical today after Besiktas finally conceded that their nine-goal loanee will be leaving Vodafone Park imminently. Initially, they had continually ruled that Weghorst would be going nowhere unless a replacement was secured and while there are still no signs of an agreement with ex-player Vincent Aboubakar, Besiktas have now shaken hands on a deal with United. United have paid in the region of £2.7million to unlock the move following initial exploratory talks with parent club Burnley last week. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  While the Black Eagles were reluctant to sanction Weghorst's exit, the player is understood to have made it clear that this was an opportunity of a lifetime to play for what he considers to be one of the biggest clubs in the world. Weghorst's agent Simon Cziommer was in Istanbul on Monday for face-to-face talks with Besiktas chiefs to discuss his client's potential exit following knowledge of the approach from United. The Holland international, who netted twice from the bench in dramatic fashion in the World Cup quarter-final against Argentina in Qatar, sparked mass transfer speculation on Saturday when he appeared to wave goodbye to Besiktas supporters after scoring the winning goal in the 2-1 Turkish Super Lig triumph over Kasimpasa. After the full-time whistle, Weghorst re-emerged back out on the pitch to bid an emotional farewell to Vodafone Park after playing what could now prove to be his final match in the famous black and white colours of Besiktas. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues worrying Man Utd prediction after Southampton humbling He was also spotted dishing out hugs to a host of technical staff members as he headed back towards the tunnel, looking around the stadium to take in his surroundings. Weghorst trained as normal on Tuesday morning but was inside the fitness room away from his team-mates on Wednesday while they took part in a team session in yet another clue the transfer was edging closer. United are believed to consider Weghorst a respectable stop-gap solution in attack as they look to add some physicality to their frontline. The Red Devils' agreement is not expected to include an option to buy Weghorst at the end of the season. Besiktas are understood to have had a purchase option for the former Wolfsburg talisman but he is now heading back to the Premier League as he looks to make amends following his relegation with Burnley last season. The Black Eagles are awaiting positive developments regarding the future of top striker target Aboubakar, who is still in talks with Al-Nassr over the termination of his deal. Aboubakar has had two separate spells with the Turkish giants already and could now return to Istanbul to write more history after being cast aside in Saudi Arabia. Al-Nassr have decided that the Cameroonian is surplus to requirements following the lucrative signing of Cristiano Ronaldo. Coincidentally, United are said to have briefly considered a move for Aboubakar before launching a move for Weghorst.