Slow cookers are ideal for one-pot dishes, making it incredibly easy to prepare healthy homemade meals without having to slave over the stove all day. While lasagne can be easily prepared ahead of when you plan on cooking it, one mum's slow cooker recipe means you can put even less effort into making this popular meal. She told fellow Facebook users that it had been a hit with her young son and has "relegated" her oven since discovering the hands-free cooking method. According to the Energy Saving Trust, a slow cooker is one of the most energy-efficient kitchen appliances, with some models found to cost less than half the price of a gas or electric oven. Loved by many for this very reason, the slow cooker has joined entire communities of home cooks together on social media, including one mum who shared her favourite lasagne recipe in the Facebook group "Slow Cooker Recipe & Tips". In a recent post in the group, she wrote that the recipe produces a "deep" flavoursome dish, branded by her son as "the best she has made". As for the recipe, it includes all the standard ingredients expected in a traditional lasagne, all of which come together to make a delicious meal. READ MORE: Pub apologises over disappointing £50 Christmas meal with 'no pudding' DON'T MISS:Free Pinch of Nom Glossy Mag inside your Daily Express this Saturday [DEALS]MasterChef champion shares 'adventurous' recipes for fridge leftovers [EXPERT]Simple vegan recipes to kickstart Veganuary [RECIPES] While the recipe requires no oven, you will need to saute some of the raw ingredients in a pan before layering them in the slow cooker. Start with the carrot, onion and celery by placing them in a hot pan with a dash of olive oil. Fry for five minutes before adding the mince. Break it down with a spatula and leave for a few minutes. Next, add passata, Worcester sauce, sugar, seasoning and parmesan and leave it to simmer for 30 minutes. Stir through the pancetta until combined, then make a start on layering up the sauce in your slow cooker. READ MORE: Greggs launches four brand new additions to its menu The author of the recipe said: "I start with a mince layer then pasta, followed by white sauce." She explained that though it may seem lazy, a jar will work just fine. Add a layer of mozzarella on top of the sauce and repeat the layering process in the same order. Do this until you run out of ingredients, by which you should have filled the pot around two-thirds of the way to the top. Leave the ingredients to cook for four hours on high, or a little longer on medium heat. No stirring is required so you don't need to be around to check on it. Around 30 minutes before you plan on turning the slow cooker off, add a generous amount of parmesan and mozzarella to the top pasta layer. The home cook recommended allowing the lasagne to sit uncovered for 10 minutes before serving to allow the layers to settle. Other participants in the cooking group praised the recipe, offering their own tips to make the recipe even better. One Facebook user pointed out that soaking dried pasta sheets in warm water before layering makes them easier to bend into a rounded shape to fit the appliance. Another commented: "It's a revelation, isn't it? It's the only way I make lasagne now, it's so much better. My son absolutely loves it."