The Royal Family could resort to scrapping their “never complain, never explain” PR tactic after Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir is published, a royal reporter told Express.co.uk. The prince is set to go into more detail about his and Meghan’s fractured relationship with The Firm in his book Spare, which comes out on January 10.   He added: "So it’s a very fine balance that Buckingham Palace is having to tread here. "I suspect here that if there’s a specific, damaging allegation that just simply can’t go unchallenged then Buckingham Palace will respond." But he also explains that they are unlikely to change their plan "any time soon" unless the allegations are "really specific" and damaging.    The current Royal Family’s PR approach appears to be "working" with the Royal Family receiving positive results in popularity polls, adds Mr Walker. Over recent months the popularity of The Firm has stayed around the same level while Meghan and Harry have seen their popularity plummet, according to YouGov poll data. Prince Harry and Meghan’s popularity dropped by 13 percent to -26 points and seven points to -39 points respectively shortly before their Netflix docuseries launched.    It is also believed that Harry’s book Spare could spark a strong response from the Royal Family if Harry mentions the Queen Consort, Camilla. An insider has reportedly said that Camilla is a "red line" for King Charles. If the "red line" is crossed by Prince Harry, Charles could "pull the plug" on Prince Harry, the source said. They told The Sun: "Camilla is Charles’s red line. If Harry trashes her then Charles could pull the plug, and Harry knows that. "Harry had a difficult relationship with Camilla, who had an affair with his father when he was still married to Diana. "But attacking Camilla would not go down well among palace staff or his father, and Harry is aware." But a strong response against Harry could come sooner than the publishing of the book. Harry is set to show up on two new TV interviews – one with ITV’s Tom Bradby and the other with CBS’ Anderson Cooper. Trailers were recently released showing Prince Harry talking openly about his relationship with Charles and Prince William. 