Those taking part in the star-studded concert include British artists from across the spectrum of musical talent. Names including Ed Sheeran, Elton John, and Queen are expected to feature. Furthermore, other artists such as Sting, Harry Styles, Dua Lipa, and the two surviving members of the Beatles, Ringo Starr and Paul McCartney, could also appear. As yet, no line-up has been confirmed for the high anticipated coronation celebration taking place on May 6-8. Speaking to the Sun, constitutional expert Dr Bob Morris said the celebrations would “probably eclipse the Queen’s funeral and Platinum Jubilee celebrations in terms of pageantry”. READ MORE: Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' As well as a diverse line up of musicians, the King’s Coronation is also expected to feature a Coronation Choir made up of singers from a manifold of choirs. Singers for this crucial element of the concert will include those from refugee, LGBTQ+, and NHS choirs. Deaf signing choirs will also appear next to The Virtual Choir. The Virtual Choir will be made up of singers from across the Commonwealth with the music accompanied by spoken word performances by high profile actors. However, these acts will be enhancements to the centre piece of the concert, dubbed by the palace as “lighting up the nation”. This will involve landmarks around the UK being lit up using projectors, lasers, illuminations, and drone displays. Dr Morris highlighted how the service will be very different to the last royal coronation for Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. He said: “It will certainly be an amazing sight. But it won’ be the grand affair we had in 1953, which had all the colonial troops. It will feel less imperial.” Alongside a platform of the nation’s musical talent, there are discussions over making temporary adjustments to pub opening hours. The Government has launched a consultation on extending opening hours for the duration of the coronation weekend meaning pubs could be allowed to stay open until 1am on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evening. However, this has yet to be confirmed.  Also yet to be confirmed are which members of the royal family will attend the coronation. In the wake of allegations in his book Spare, there has been intense debate over whether Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, would attend the ceremony. Despite furore created by the book, the King has asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to act as an intermediary between the family and Prince Harry. The Telegraph reported that the move is aimed at reducing the level of distraction from their lack of presence rather than their actual attendance. Other elements of Prince Harry’s presence in the royal family could also be discussed as part of the meetings.