As we age, our hair naturally begins to change, not only in colour but in texture and thickness too. However, instead of fighting against these changes, KAO ambassador, hair stylist and owner of Hare & Bone, Sam Burnett, recommends "embracing" the changes. White or greying hair is a natural part of growing older, and surprisingly, pushing back too heavily could end up "ageing" you, suggests Sam. He explained: "Practically though as we age our hair texture and density changes and we need to let go of that 'perfect' hairstyle we had in our 20s, as our hair has totally changed in colour, texture, density, and our personalities will most likely have evolved too. "If your natural hair colour is prominently white, why not embrace it or move towards a lighter colour?"  With age, many people begin to lose pigment in their skin in a similar way to their hair. This is a gradual process over time, but if you are consistently dying your hair, you may not notice it as quickly. However, as your skin tone lightens with age, it's a good idea to try and mirror this by lightening your hair colour. READ MORE: Anne & Camilla had 'potential for frostiness' - but now have 'rapport' Sam continued: "Dark colours can likely be high maintenance and potentially ageing against your skin tone which could benefit from the subtle brightness of the white hair." Monochromatic or one-dimensional hair colour can also risk leaving your tresses looking flat and washed out. Sam said: "If you’re not ready to completely grow out your colour, transition to blended highlights that can be gradually phased out or adapted with the seasons." If you want to create a youthful look, Sam advises "being brave and taking some chances". This could mean having more fun with your hair than ever before. "If you love colour why not add an all-over toner, pink hue or even a hidden under-panel of a dark chocolate tone or something punchy like a bright pink?" Sam suggested. DON'T MISSHair stylist's 'top tips and bargains for thicker, fuller hair' [COMMENT]Skincare routine of 72-year-old who 'doesn't look a day over 50' [INSIGHT]'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid [PICTURES] Certain toners can also help grey or white hair to shine. Silver hair tone, for example, is a popular option when it comes to showcasing your grey locks. The blue pigment in the toner helps to neutralise yellow undertones, turning grey hair to a sparkling shade of silver. The use of toner can also help transition hair into an all-grey look. As well as colour, the cut of your hair also plays a major role in creating a contemporary look. "It might also be time to go for a shorter, sharper cut that compliments your new colour," said Sam. "A variation of the current on-trend box bob would be a good shout as it's modern, can be adapted to suit the individual, and has minimal layers so it will work well with ageing hair as it will minimise frizz and blow-drying." Ultimately, though, Sam believes the colour and style to complement a client has more to do with personality and lifestyle than age. "When I work with a client, I consider the individual in my chair, how they want to express themselves and what hair type, texture, and lifestyle I’m working with and not somebody’s age," he said. "On a visual level, it doesn’t even enter my mind." Greying hair can glow with the right care, including the use of toner and conditioning treatments. When choosing shampoo and conditioner, look for products which include biotin, argan oil or citric acid. Biotin helps to fortify keratin infrastructure while organ oil can help with the moisture balance of your scalp and prevent dryness. Finally, citric acid lowers the pH level of your hair to softer tresses. Eating a healthy diet rich in nutrients can also help to keep your grey hair shiny. A diet rich in vitamin A, which can be obtained from leafy greens such as spinach, can help with oil production. Foods that contain omega-3 fatty acids like salmon, tuna, and flax seeds are also beneficial for lustrous hair.