   Strictly Come Dancing star Rose Ayling-Ellis, 28, detailed a shocking incident that occurred on stage yesterday when a heckler from the audience started hurling abuse at her. The former EastEnders actress is currently starring in Shakespeare’s As You Like It on the West End.     The star took to Instagram this afternoon to share what had happened with her 540,000 followers. In the latest production of As You Like It at Soho Place theatre, all performances are captioned, with members of the cast using BSL (British Sign Language) as part of their performance. Rose, who made history in 2021 with partner Giovanni Pernice by becoming the first deaf contestant to win BBC competition Strictly Come Dancing, stars as Celia in her West End debut. Today, she posted some pictures from the performance, as well as a video of the crowd applauding.    Rose wrote: “During the matinee yesterday, an angry man in the audience interrupted the show with an entitled rant screaming that we were ‘discriminating against hearing people!’ “He looks at me directly. It was shocking,” she continued. “The video is the reaction when we got back on the stage after he was kicked off. “We pick up from Touchstone's line, ‘The more pity that fools may not speak wisely what wise men do foolishly.’      “In the same audience, a little deaf girl sat in the front row with her parents signing to her. “Deaf members of the audience are able to sit wherever they want and whenever they want. “Hearing people reading the captions, laughing and reacting to our signing on stage, coming into our world and understanding Shakespeare because of this. “Two days ago, we had a BSL performance show, and 106 deaf people turn up. READ MORE... Pamela Anderson admits Hugh Hefner was only man to give her respect [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE] Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT]     This is why we do accessible theatre,” Rose concluded powerfully. Later, the star also added the comment: “A special mention to thanks the person who shouted back, ‘You should be able to hear this then, F**K YOU’ and got a round of applause. (I was told this much later on).” (sic) Rose’s followers and friends rushed to the comments section to send messages of support. Fellow Strictly co-star Dan Walker simply penned: “What a numptie.”      While finalist AJ Odudu wrote: “Incredible Rose. More power to ya.” Another finalist, presenter Rhys Stephenson, commented: “The fragile egos of some men is beyond embarrassing. Keep doing you Rose!” Anita Rani added: “I sometimes wonder about these men, living these bitter and angry lives and the sense of entitlement that makes them believe other people want to hear their twisted views and then I remember, I’m living a life full of joy, like you Rose! “Keep going sister. More power to you. The bastards will lose, we will be triumphant.”   