Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has received a fixed-penalty notice for driving without a seatbelt. Lancashire Police have issued Mr Sunak with a conditional fine after he appeared without the protective belt in an Instagram video recorded from the back seat of a car. He has apologised for his actions, deeming them a "brief error of judgement". In a statement, police said they had issued a "42-year-old man from London" with a fine. The statement read: “You will be aware that a video has been circulating on social media showing an individual failing to wear a seat belt while a passenger in a moving car in Lancashire. “After looking into this matter, we have today issued a 42-year-old man from London with a conditional offer of fixed penalty.” Mr Sunak invited criticism on Thursday, January 19, when the Instagram video first emerged. READ MORE: 'World-beating' UK tanks tipped to decimate Russia He was recording the video - which has since been removed from the social media platform - during a visit to three UK towns while promoting the Government's levelling-up agenda. Footage showed him beaming at the camera while sitting in the backseat of a vehicle, where he announced an upcoming round of levelling-up funding allocations. Responding to the penalty, Number 10 has said he will "comply" in a statement. A spokesman said: “The Prime Minister fully accepts this was a mistake and has apologised. He will of course comply with the fixed penalty.” Neither the police nor Number 10 have disclosed how much the Prime Minister must pay, but the Government's road safety campaign has demanded on-the-spot fines of £100. The fines may increase to £500 if the case goes before a court. Mr Sunak's notice is the second he has received since entering the Cabinet as Chancellor. And the second received by a sitting Conservative Prime Minister in 12 months. Both his and Boris Johnson's fines came following a birthday gathering that broke Covid laws they passed while in Government. Lockdown laws demanded that people not gather in large groups for social occasions due to the risk of spreading Coronavirus. Several Government employees were handed fines following a Metropolitan Police investigation following revelations of their behaviour. The controversy sparked the downfall of Mr Johnson, who was succeeded by Liz Truss and then Mr Sunak after she became the shortest-lived PM in British history.