A woman died after being caught in an avalanche while hiking with two others up Mont Blanc, according to rescue services earlier today (Sunday 15). The accident took place on Saturday afternoon on the Argentière Glacier. The woman, 45, was found buried under the snow, with the services arriving too late to save her. She was hiking alongside a partner and a guide in the Mont Blanc massif in Chamonix valley. Police have ordered an investigation of the accident as well as an autopsy. The two other hikers were unharmed by the incident, authorities said.      The avalanche triggered a second disaster today in a nearby ski resort, and a search has been underway to find possible victims. The valley is on increased alert after more snowfall hit today. Those involved as part of the trio on Saturday's accident were hiking on the Argentiere glacier when the incident occurred around 5.30pm. The avalanche was triggered and the woman was buried under a slab of snow.   An avalanche usually happens when a layer of snow collapses, and begins to slide downhill. They can be caused by any one of four factors. This is; a steep slope, snow cover, a weak layer in the snow or a separate trigger. A trigger could be caused by fresh snowfall adding a new layer to an already existing snowpack. If it becomes overloaded, a slide may start. Earthquakes can also set off avalanches, along with much smaller vibrations.  Meanwhile, the second avalanche was triggered in the Brevent ski area in the Chamonix valley at lunchtime. According to witnesses, the avalanche hit a ski run. As a result, the mountain was closed and rescuers combed through area to search for victims. Ski instructors in the valley were called to help with the operation.  One eyewitness said: "There was a woman caught up to her hips in the slide. "A search was started by skiers and snowboarders. Then the experts took over."  Chamonix is on alert after a prediction of over 70cm of snow at 2,000 metres on Sunday and Monday. On Sunday, the avalanche risk was deemed three out of five, meaning "considerable".