Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford was hailed as “clever” by former Premier League referee Peter Walton after allowing Bruno Fernandes to finish off a fine move against Manchester City on Saturday afternoon. Rashford was in an offside position as the ball was played through to him but moved out of the way as Fernandes fired the ball beyond City goalkeeper Ederson to level the scores at 1-1 with 12 minutes remaining. United went on to win the match 2-1 after Rashford himself got on the scoresheet in the 82nd minute. After Fernandes had put the ball in the back of the net the offside flag went up, with referee Stuart Attwell going to the VAR to check if the goal should stand. And as the goal was being checked, Walton told BT Sport: “Well let’s just say I think this is a goal. “You’re quite right in saying that Rashford has moved for the ball, hasn’t interfered with the ball, hasn’t played the ball himself. The flag goes up because of the offside position but when VAR look at this and when the assistant discusses this with Stuart Atwell, I think this is a goal.” Walton was then asked for his opinion for a second time to explain why Rashford wasn’t interfering in play in the run-up to the goal. And the 63-year-old added: “The law was amended to actually counter that argument of whether he touches the ball or does he interfere with an opponent playing the ball. He does neither, so as the law stands he hasn’t done anything wrong - it’s actually very clever play from Rashford himself.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE City players erupted after the goal was allowed to stand as they surrounded Atwell to protest against the decision. But Atwell refused to change his mind. And following the match, ex-United stars Rio Ferdinand and Paul Scholes agreed with Walton. “It’s intelligent from all of them,” said Ferdinand. And Scholes added: “He’s interfering with no one. Good communication from Bruno and it’s a lovely finish.” United have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes since Erik ten Hag took the helm last summer and had won 11 of their last 12 matches ahead of the Manchester derby. But they fell behind on the hour mark as City substitute Jack Grealish rose to head home Kevin de Bruyne’s cross.  The Red Devils illustrated their new-found tenacious mentality, however, as they continued to push forward in search of an equaliser. And it came as Fernandes took advantage of Rashford’s clever play. And Rashford then struck the winning goal as he got on the end of Alejandro Garnacho's tantalising cross. United’s win means they have now climbed to third in the Premier League table and are just one point behind Pep Guardiola’s side. The Red Devils are now well and truly in the title race as they trail leaders Arsenal by just six points ahead of the Gunners’ showdown with Tottenham on Sunday. 