Although she's become a Countdown stalwart, things could have been very different for the show, because Susie Dent initially didn't want to take part. Speaking to James Martin on the chef's Saturday Morning show, Susie, 58, explained how she was "never meant to be on telly".  The Oxford graduate began working on the game show in 1992, and has remained as the programme's resident dictionary expert. While talking about how she got into her role on the series, she told James she had "turned it down" on a few occasions. "I went to work for the publisher that produces the Oxford Dictionary," she stated. "And that's how I got on to Countdown as well, I never meant to be on telly." READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row "Well we're going to talk about that as well," James replied. "Because you did a few years working for them." He added: "Because Countdown has been on for... how many years now?" "40 - 40 last year. Last year it had its 40th birthday," Susie replied. She added proudly: "And I have been on it for 30 years." "Because wasn't it the fact that when it started, they were taking people from your office, was it?" James queried. "Yeah, there were loads of us," Susie confirmed. "I was just one of many." She added: "And we just rotated, so I was doing that job most of the time and then I..." "You actually didn't want to do it?" James probed while cooking Susie a meal to sample. DON'T MISS... Saturday Kitchen fans distracted by Robson Green's accent [LATEST]Naga Munchetty surprised by appearance of 'nervous' former co-star [VIDEO]Bruno Tonioli makes dig at Strictly as he joins Britain's Got Talent [LATEST] "No, I said no quite a few times," Susie revealed. She explained: "Because that just wasn't my world really. "But yeah, so I did say no, and I was really lucky that my boss was quite insistent that I did it, and I went up and sat trembling next to Rula Lenska on that very first day!" "With no training whatsoever?" James asked. "You just were put in the situation." He added: "What is it, you think, that's the key to success? "Because you know, this crew wants me to carry on for about 30 to 40 years - we're now at 16 years for Saturday Morning. "What do you think is the key to the success of a show like that?" "Format," Susie answered. "I don't know if you feel the same, but I think it's... well, with your show you are the lynchpin, I feel like with Countdown it's just a format that everybody recognises, everybody sees it at some point in their lives, you almost instantly know how to play. "So if you watch the comedy version, 8 Out Of 10 Cats-" "Which we love, everybody loves," James cut in. "Yeah, you can see the audience laughing and laughing at the comedy but also trying to do the numbers round because they can't help themselves," Susie concluded. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs weekly from 9.30am on ITV.