James McHutchison, from Kent, found he had a host of items he could sell online, including clothes, gift cards and tools. He made more than £1,000 by selling items he no longer needs on eBay. The 31-year-old said: “I found some things in my garage that I hadn’t touched for over three years, along with more recent purchases that I just don’t use. “I have to admit that I’m a bit of a hoarder, but I never realised just how much stuff I had laying around that could make me a bit of money and also be useful to others.” The experienced eBay seller previously made up to £1,000 a month selling items online and he hopes to match this amount this month. He is happy to sell any item regardless of its value. He is a big watch fan and has sold several models for high prices, as well as cheaper items such as keyrings and extractor fans. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again He said: “Everybody ends up accumulating a lot of unnecessary stuff over Christmas, so I think January is the perfect time to wipe the slate clean and sort out what you really need. “I love eBay because you really can sell anything, no matter how big or small. I sold an old rubber watch strap for £83.” Other items he has sold include car parts and gym equipment as he has unearthed the hidden value of his possessions. He commented: “Times are tough at the moment, so whether you’re making £1 or £100, every little helps and can help you on your way to paying your bills or going on your dream holiday.  “Plus, you never know just how much an object may end up making. For me, selling on eBay is a no brainer. “It’s a win-win situation as you can make a bit of extra cash and also free up some space around your house.” Here are some of the items Mr Hutchison has sold: READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% These are some of his best sellers: He made some unexpectedly large sales with selling a Swiss watch rubber strap for £83 and a model Bentley car for £72. One interesting sale from among his unwanted items was a Swiss watch book, which he sold for £7.50. More Britons are taking up side hustles to boost their income as the cost of living continues to increase. A person who doesn’t use their car every day may want to consider renting it out to earn some extra cash, through apps such as Turo, Hiyacar, Karshare and Getaround. According to Which.co.uk, some owners earn an extra £400 a month by hiring out their vehicle.