London’s New Year's spectacular fireworks paid tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth and also displayed a show of support for Ukraine as more than 100,000 people gathered on the banks of the Thames to bid farewell to 2022. It is the first time since 2019, when the Covid pandemic started, that people are able to gather near the London Eye to attend the display.  The capital city welcomed in the New Year with a 12-minute fireworks display set to music. Reportedly, around 12,000 fireworks took over the sky in the sold-out show, which was created with the theme of “love and unity”. As the firework started, drones spelled out the message “2023 with love from London”. Paying tribute to the Queen, who died in September, a voice featured recording from her and words from Dame Judi Dench.   The fireworks then honoured the King, with a message from him about the need to preserve our planet. It also highlighted the Lionesses' Euro win at Wembley and marked 50 years of London's Pride with a message from Peter Tatchell from the Gay Liberation Front. In Edinburgh, people gathered for the first full Hogmanay celebrations in three years, with previous events being affected by the coronavirus pandemic. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Twitter: "Thinking back to Hogmanay last year and indeed the year before that, we're reminded of just how far we have come from the very darkest days of the pandemic." READ MORE: Crowds flock to London for first time in two years to watch fireworks  As in London, partygoers in Edinburgh braved the weather to hear 80s duo The Pet Shop Boys sing and fireworks light up the sky behind the city's castle. In Cardiff, the city's Winter Wonderland was the place to be, while Belfast celebrated at Europa Hotel's annual Gala Ball. In Essex, hundreds of people were dispersed from an illegal New Year's Eve party at a church, while Lancashire Police broke up a party in Hyndburn, near Blackburn, attended by 80. But some parts of the UK deliberately had no fireworks. DON'T MISS:Pope Francis leads tributes to Benedict XVI, calls him ‘noble’ [INSIGHT]‘Terror’ as Russian missile attack kills on in Ukraine  [SPOTLIGHT]Letter from snowstorm ‘hero’ solves school smashed window mystery  [REVEAL] The North Yorkshire seaside town of Scarborough cancelled their display after concerns that the noise and light could cause distress for Thor. Thor is an Arctic walrus who was spotted on the Hampshire coastline earlier this month and arrived in Scarborough's harbour earlier on New Year's Eve. 