Aries It might feel as if everything and everyone is getting in your way. This will not be so, at all. Bite your tongue before lashing out on someone who doesn’t deserve it. Your impatience, frustration and negative mood is the main reason you are having problems. Taurus It isn’t something you like to do but there will be scope to cut a few corners. This would mean you will get the job done by the end of the day but you will not do this until you have proved to yourself that taking shortcuts will in no way affect the general outcome of your work. Gemini Several people will show an interest in your activities. Being surrounded by admirers will boost your confidence but in reality, it will be advisors, participants and people who are willing to roll up their sleeves and get on with the work who will be the most helpful.  Cancer There is a limit to what other people can demand or expect from you, even if they are in a senior position. If a colleague’s attitude towards you is making you uptight and nervous, you cannot allow this situation to continue. Find out your rights. Leo An older relative thinks they are being kind by trying to take over some of your responsibilities or to make decisions on issues that they feel will be beneficial for you. It’s hard to explain to them, but you are going to have to, that you would prefer to do things for yourself. Virgo Some last minute changes to arrangements will raise your spirits enormously. Contrary to what some people were expecting, you will not be annoyed to have plans changed at a moment’s notice. Whether this involves your family, friends or workmates, a quickly arranged event will be surprisingly enjoyable.   Libra Pay heed to the need to fill your time with something more stimulating and interesting. You are starting to feel stifled and that’s because life is becoming too predictable. It will only be through breaking free from your usual routines that you will feel content. Scorpio A senior colleague will suggest you take a different approach to a job. To keep them happy you might try their methods but if you prefer your own, don’t hesitate to go back to doing things in your own way. After all, you know what works best for you. Sagittarius Be patient if you are trying to persuade someone into agreeing to plans that will bring change to your joint future. You’ve given this idea a lot of consideration and you should let them see and appreciate all the thought that has gone into this proposal.   Capricorn The responsible and diplomatic attitude you always take in a crisis will be useful and at times, rewarding. Strangely it will be swift reactions and quick thinking that could make some difference to a situation today which will have even your most unflappable friends in a tizzy. Aquarius You will soon find yourself in a new set of circumstances as a chapter in your life is coming to an end. You might feel apprehensive about this change but you will soon adjust to new conditions. People in your neighbourhood are gathering to remember a time in your local history. Pisces A happy coincidence will see you in the right place at the right time to be offered a stellar opportunity. A special hope is brought closer to realisation. This will also bring benefits into your domestic world. Colleagues have tremendous respect for your workmanship. 