Manchester United won’t be signing Dusan Vlahovic from Juventus before the transfer window shuts at the end of the month, Express Sport understands. Reports recently claimed the Red Devils were looking to land another attacker before next week’s deadline. However, the Serbia international isn’t deemed feasible at the current moment in time. Manchester United have already signed one forward in the form of Wout Weghorst, who touched down from Burnley after spending the first half of the season on loan at Besiktas. And it emerged on Wednesday that the Red Devils were looking to bring in another forward, too. United are determined not to be left short, with Erik ten Hag’s side still capable of winning four trophies this season. Over the weekend, reports suggested Vlahovic was admired by the Red Devils - and the striker himself would like to move to Old Trafford to play for Ten Hag. However, Express Sport understands Vlahovic won’t be moving to United this month. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The club believe their business is done, contrary to those reports, though a new winger could be one to keep an eye on. Vlahovic only moved to Juventus last year, having sparkled in Serie A with Fiorentina. However, he’s blown hot and cold during his time with the Old Lady - and has seen his stock fall as a result. Funds are tight at United right now, particularly in the wake of the Glazers’ decision to put the club up for sale. It’s thought that while they’re open to investors coming on board, a full takeover is the likeliest outcome from the situation. DON’T MISS:Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And though Juventus have been docked 15 points, they’re still currently under no obligation to get rid of Vlahovic. Of course, it’s possible United will pursue the Serb at the end of the season - by which time new owners should be in charge. Yet Benjamin Sesko, Victor Osimhen and Harry Kane are all transfer targets for the club as well. Speaking back in May, meanwhile, former United interim boss Ralf Rangnick revealed he’d recommended Vlahovic to the club - along with Julian Alvarez and luis Diaz. The German said: “I spoke to the board and told them, ‘Shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal?’ Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “In the end the answer was no. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business. It doesn’t matter, the answer was no. “Maybe I still believe that we should have tried in those 48 hours, the board meanwhile sees it the same way, they agreed, but they also spoke to the scouting department at the same time as me. “The answer at the time was no, there is no player on the market that can really help us. “Maybe we should have tried to sign a player in these 48 hours since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony Martial had already left on loan. “We also at least were aware that Edinson Cavani might not be available for eight out of ten games. “Maybe I should have pushed even more in order to get this additional striker but, as I said, we didn’t and now it’s time to look ahead.” He added: “There were a few… [Luis] Diaz who is now at Liverpool, [Julian] Alvarez who will be at Man City in the summer, [Dusan] Vlahovic who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “So those are just three of them that come across my mind now.”