The man accused of killing four University of Idaho students could face the death penalty if he is convicted of the heinous crime that rocked America. The parents of one of Bryan Kohberger's alleged victims are calling for him to face the death penalty as they warn he is going to get "stomped out".   The 28-year-old PhD student is accused of stabbing to death Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, in their off-campus home on November 13. Ms Goncalves' parents, Steve and Kristi Goncalves opened up about Kohberger's arrest, revealing that justice will only be served if Kohberger gets the death penalty, if found guilty. The slain student's dad, Steve, told NewsNation: “We will forgive this individual and we will, but he has to pay for what he’s done. “And it’s not just our daughter, it’s all the victims he needs to pay justice to.”   When asked by reporter Ashleigh Banfield how justice will be paid, Mr Goncalves replied: “For me, it’s gonna look a lot like an end.” Sitting in prison with access to books, three meals a day and education, he said, wouldn't cut it for the family. “Justice is when you leave the planet, and the whole world is able to rejoice and be glad that you’re not there", he added. Banfield asked both parents outright if they support the death penalty for Kohberger – and they replied that they both do.  READ MORE: Dream Mexico holiday turns nightmare after tourist killed “If you want to play god’s role, you’re gonna have to go answer to him,” the grieving father added. It comes after the family recently spoke with YouTuber Chronicles of Olivia two days before Kohberger's arrest. Speaking about his daughter's killer, Kaylee's dad, Steve, said: "We have to all come together and say 'you know what, this is on us'. Are we going to let these people exist and go undetected or are we all going to come together and say 'this is enough'. "We are going to stomp this guy out of our community. And I tell you right now, we're coming for you. You're going to get stomped out". During the interview, Steve and Kristi said they believe the "whole of America" is behind them in the case.   They also confirmed they didn't hear about Kaylee's death until around 12 hours after she was killed  The family told the YouTuber of the sheer fear and devastation they experienced after finding out that Kaylee was killed through a family member with connections in Moscow. They first tried to get in touch with both Goncalves and Mogen – to no avail. When they attempted to call police in the immediate hours after the bodies were found, the family was told no information could be released at the time. An officer eventually showed up at their door - around 12 hours later - to officially inform them that their daughter had been killed.  