During Sunday night's Dancing on Ice, Darren Harriott, Mollie Gallagher, The Vivienne, John Fashanu, and Carley Stenson performed for the first time as they battled it out to impress the judges. However, John received the least amount of public votes, and so landed in the skate-off against Ekin-Su. Despite all four judges voting to save the reality star, fans believe Ekin-Su will be voted out next. Speaking at the end of the programme, Ekin-Su mouthed "thank you" to each judge after they chose to save her. When speaking to John, Holly Willoughby asked: "Have you enjoyed this?" "Oh, it's been great," John beamed. "Nevertheless whatever happens it has been wonderful." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan "FA Cup Final again," he continued as the audience started to cheer. When asked whether he will "keep on skating", John said: "Oh yeah. "And who knows I might even start teaching it." Ekin-Su has survived another week and will skate again next Sunday. However, fans think her journey will be short-lived, with Elise tweeting: "Ekin won't get far in this competition, her days are numbered." Katie predicted: "Mark my words Ekin Su will be back in the skate-off next week #dancingonice." While Kayleigh replied: "She won't have a chance next week." "If Ekin-Su had been against anyone else she would have gone home! think we will be saying ta ra to her next week," Ruthie commented. (sic) DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice's John Fashanu dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [REACTION] Roz Frampton went on to say: "John should definitely have gone through as he's the real standard of skater this show should have on the first skate." However, Dancing on Ice fans were thrilled to see the reality star surviving the skate-off, with Nicci writing: "Well done @ekinsuofficial you should never have been in skate-off to start with, but haters will keep hating, but you go girl." (sic) "Yasss my girl Ekin Su survived the skate-off! I'm not going to lie, I literally only tune in to watch her. #DancingOnIce," @irishginge said. Since the show began, the bookmakers have been sharing their predictions about who will win. They have also shared their thoughts on which celebrities will be given the boot. Sam Boswell, a spokesperson from online bookmakers BetVictor said: “Our traders always felt Nile had the transferable skills to be a force on the ice and it seems he and his partner Olivia [Smart] could be tough to beat. "We now make them the 5/4 favourite for the series. “Elsewhere Ekin-Su was a slightly surprising name to end up in the skate-off this week. "Originally 7/2 to win the show, she is now out to 25/1 and will have to get the better of whoever ends up in the skate-off with her next week.” Dancing on Ice returns tonight at 6.30pm on ITV.