British holidaymakers who are drug tourists could be turning their backs on Amsterdam and heading to the Spanish island of Tenerife, according to reports. Twitter users have been sharing how easy it is to purchase cannabis, despite Spanish drug laws. Tenerife is the largest island of Spain's Canary Islands and often frequented by British tourists in search of stunning beaches and UK weather. However, according to Lad Bible, numerous social media accounts have been remarking on the availability of cannabis on the island, despite Spain's complex legal position on the drug, which can result in jail time for illegal distribution. One Twitter account with more than 50,000 followers posted a compilation of the cannabis clubs Tenerife has to offer. The account, @shottatexts, posted pictures of what was allegedly for sale on the island. The tweet has been viewed more than 385,000 times and showed pictures and videos that appeared to be from inside cannabis clubs themselves. Many social media users went on to comment and question how freely cannabis was available on the island, with @shottatexts replying to one account: "Just walk in off the street bro." "You need to become a member of the coffee shop which is usually around €10/15. Then you use it like a normal cafe!" READ MORE: 'Aggressive' dad flushes son's drugs after seeing him get arrested outside home According to Greentours.com, there are mopre than 700 cannabis clubs across Spain. However, they go on to add: "The law for cannabis in Spain is complicated." "It is legal to cultivate and smoke cannabis for your own personal use." "However, it is illegal to sell or traffic cannabis. It is also illegal to smoke cannabis in public places, but there are 'cannabis clubs' where members can go to smoke cannabis." "Spanish residents can grow their own cannabis at home, but selling it is still a crime punishable by one to three years in jail." "The only place to legally purchase cannabis is by being a member of a cannabis club." DON'T MISS:   "Members of cannabis clubs are required to pay a fee, which is used to grow cannabis and for the upkeep of the club, in exchange for a place to get and smoke cannabis." Tenerife regularly sees over five million tourists visiting the island annually, with over 1.7 million being from the UK in 2015, according to wonderfultenerife.com. Previously, cannabis clubs have proved particularly popular in other Spanish destinations like Barcelona, where they have essentially operated under a quasi-legal status as private members' clubs. In 2017, The Guardian reported that city authorities and police had agreed that the clubs reduced street dealing and consumption, despite encountering several legal loopholes sought to be closed by the judiciary. The report goes on to state that the police were not "opposed in principle" to the clubs.