With shoulder-length hair and a walrus moustache, he became a powerful anti-establishment figure for Sixties and Seventies youth. He soared to success with so-called supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash, who mesmerised the huge Woodstock crowd in 1969. His song Long Time Gone captured the stunned zeitgeist of many Americans, following Robert Kennedy’s assassination in 1968. The lyrics urged people to speak out about the “madness” in society if they dared. David Van Cortlandt Crosby was born into a well-to-do family in Los Angeles. His cinematographer father Floyd was blacklisted during the McCarthy-era witch-hunt against lefty liberals. His mother Aliph came from a well-connected family. Crosby considered becoming an actor before his love of folk music made him a devotee of the New York, Florida and LA Sixties music scenes. With Roger McGuinn, Gene Clark, Michael Clarke and Chris Hillman, he formed The Byrds to create fine West Coast harmonies. But Crosby proved a problem to work with and matters came to a head when his bandmates refused to release his song Triad. He went to San Francisco and hung out with Jefferson Airplane, who recorded the song, about a ménage à trois in the free love era. He discovered folk singer Joni Mitchell, and produced her first album. Their relationship ended when she tired of his womanising. The singer’s fortunes changed when he began working with Graham Nash of The Hollies, and Stephen Stills, who was on the brink of leaving his band, Buffalo Springfield. The huge success of their first album, Crosby, Stills & Nash, was tinged with tragedy as Crosby’s girlfriend Christine was killed in a car accident. Neil Young then joined to form a quartet and they enjoyed great success with their album, Déjà Vu. But once again there were constant rows over Crosby’s hostile nature. His addiction to cocaine and heroin led to arrests and a spell in prison. He nearly died after crashing his Harley-Davidson motorbike, and he later had a liver transplant, but he carried on making solo albums. Crosby died after a long illness and is survived by his wife, Jan Dance, their son, and several children from other relationships.