First Minister of Wales, Mark Drakeford, had the support of his wife throughout his political career. On Saturday, January 28, the Welsh Government confirmed Clare Drakeford had died suddenly. A spokesman said: "It is with deep sadness that we confirm the sudden passing of Clare Drakeford, wife of the First Minister.  "The thoughts of everyone in the Welsh Government are with the family at this time and we ask that their privacy is respected." Rarely in the limelight with her famous partner, the 66-year-old led a private life. Since tying the knot in 1977, Clare Drakeford welcomed three children with the Welsh Government leader and continued to support her husband’s ministerial ventures after almost a decade in Cabinet. From the offset of his senior political career, Welsh leader Mark Drakeford was frank about his wife’s role in his ministerial position. Since deciding to run for Welsh First Minister, the 67-year-old admitted he was concerned about the impact on his family. In 2021, the BBC reported: “When Carwyn Jones announced in 2018 he was stepping down, Mr Drakeford's supporters urged him to throw his hat in the ring quickly. "He insists he was hesitant at first. What would the impact be on his wife Clare and their three grown-up children, he wondered.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle uses surprising technique to ‘command’ attention Mr Drakeford’s wife of almost 50 years revealed little about herself to the public. While it is known the pair share three grown-up children together, there are few details to unearth about the Welsh First Minister’s partner. The pandemic left Mrs Drakeford confined to the four walls of the couple’s Cardiff home, as she followed medical advice to shield from coronavirus. In February 2021, Mr Drakeford revealed he had been separated from his “vulnerable” wife for most of 2020 in order to keep her safe. It was revealed the First Minister had been living in a separate building in the garden of his family home while Clare stayed inside their city property. The family have lived in the Pontcanna area of Cardiff for 30 years Mr Drakeford gave the public a heartfelt insight into the pair’s loving relationship when he shared his “emotional” reunion with his wife after their time spent living so close, yet so far from one another. While speaking on an ITV Wales podcast, the father of three said: “It is a bit emotional. “I’ve been married for a very long time and not to be in the house and to be at a physical distance, even though we saw each other every day and talked every day, it was a puzzling experience in that sort of way and for that to be over it is a bit emotional for everybody.” Mr Drakeford told the news outlet of the “very strange” feeling he had when he returned to his home, adding that he had “forgotten how big” it is. The private couple were thought to be caring for Clare’s elderly mother, who lived with them throughout the pandemic. DONT MISS:Jeremy Corbyn threat: The real reason we should be terrified [LATEST]Prince Harry wants "perks of Royalty" as a non-working royal [ANALYSIS]How to live longer: Best bread for longevity [INSIGHT] Unlike most first ministers in the UK, Mark Drakeford and his wife did not benefit from the luxury of a stately home. Instead, the pair led a seemingly ordinary life in their Cardiff property - though the matter has been the root of some debate. Following an anti-lockdown protest outside their house in July 2021, politicians raised concerns over the residential security of the First Minister and his wife. Just five days after the unnerving protest, Cardiff Councillor Joe Carter said he would like to see the Welsh city’s Mansion House become the official residence of the first minister. The huge Grade II listed building on Richmond Road in Roath is just two miles from Senedd in Cardiff Bay. Councillor Joe Carter said: “My personal opinion is the Mansion House would make an ideal official residence for the First Minister. “The grand Victorian building was built at a time when lord mayors needed accommodation. "This is no longer the case and whilst it is used for civic and charitable events, becoming the home for the first minister would be a far more fitting role for it. Despite the former first minister Carwyn Jones arguing it would be “overkill”, Mr Drakeford raised his own concerns for future ministers who are not local to the country’s capital city. Last year, Mr Drakeford told ITV: “The day will come when the first minister will be from north Wales and that person will be needed to stay in Cardiff for lots of their working life. "It's one thing doing it, as I do from my own home, but it is a completely different matter if you don't have somewhere you can regard as your own base.”