The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver allows customers to benefit from 5.25 percent gross/AER fixed interest. The 5.25 percent AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. People can withdraw their money when they like without charge. Club Lloyds customers are encouraged to “take advantage of this exclusive savings account,” to get more for their money. The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver is a regular, fixed rate savings account, meaning customers are encouraged to frequently put money away for a fixed, high-rate return at the end of the account's term. Customers can save between £25 and £400 every month by one standing order or bank transfer. READ MORE: Dragons' Den's 'best deal' in show's history saw cast double investment a year after show People can then open a new Club Lloyds Monthly Saver and save for another 12 months. This account is ideal for people who want to save money every month and have instant access to it. If £400.00 is deposited every month for 12 months, the account holder will have a balance of £4926.00 after interest is paid. This assumes people deposit £400.00 in the middle of each month and you don’t withdraw any money or interest. READ MORE: Virgin Money launches ‘new market-leading’ savings account offering 4.25% The account is only available to Club Lloyds current account holders who have not already opened one of these accounts in the last 12 months. To be a Club Lloyds customer, you must have one of the following current accounts: The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver has been labelled one of the “top existing-customer accounts,” on the Money Saving Expert website. These are top-paying regular savers come which customers must also hold another product from the same provider, usually its current account. Alternatively, Barclays Blue Rewards members can get its Rainy Day Saver. The Rainy Day Saver pays 5.12 percent on balances up to £5,000. It's not a regular savings account (people could choose to pay in £5,000 on day one), so it has more flexibility than the others. It should be noted that the rate is variable, so could change at any time.