Police have revealed the final words uttered by a fisherman before he was hauled off the side of his boat by a massive tuna fish. Mark Knittle was fishing with a friend four miles off the coast of Hawaii when he hooked the beast just before 5am on Sunday. “The fish is huge,” Mr Knittle, 63, said just before he was dragged overboard. After witnessing Mr Knittle plunge into the water, the friend tried to grab the line but missed. The friend saw the fisherman briefly come up to the surface but then disappeared “within seconds”, police said, adding that the friend attempted to jump in but couldn’t spot Mr Knittle in the water. The shocking incident unfolded off Honaunau-Napoopoo, located on the west side of the Big Island, which is famed for its national park and picturesque seaside views. The Hawaii Police Department and the Coast Guard have been searching for the missing fisherman since he went overboard, but the massive fish - also known as the yellowfin tuna - may have dragged him far from where the boat was anchored. READ MORE: 'Aggressive' shark likely killed missing woman after husband describes vicious encounter “Usually, our incidents like this are along the coastlines. This is a different situation because it’s out in the deep,” said Darwin Okinaka, Hawaii County Fire Department assistant chief of operations. “If there’s a fish that’s actually pulling him around, you don’t know where he could go,” Mr Okinaka said. Mr Knittle, who lived locally in the Captain Cook area of Big Island, is described as five feet ten inches tall and 185 pounds, with curly brown hair with a white moustache and beard. Yellowfin tuna are found in tropical and subtropical oceans around the world, including the waters around the US Pacific Islands and off southern California. According to national fishing body NOAA Fisheries, yellowfin tuna grow fast, up to six feet long and 400 pounds, and have a somewhat short life span of six to seven years. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST]