Vera fans are going to be getting a handful of new episodes in 2023 as the ITV series makes its highly-anticipated run. The new series will consist of stories from the 11th and 12th runs. Here’s a deep dive into the show and what fans can expect from the hit drama this year. The new series is confirmed to be airing on Sunday, January 15 at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. However, the first two stories will be from series 11 and so technically season 12 will be starting on Sunday, January 29 at 8pm on ITV1. Actress Brenda Blethyn shared a tweet from ITV confirming the show’s return with her 69,000 followers. Filming on season 12 was completed back on December 16, 2022 with Brenda posting: “That’s a wrap on VERA 12. many thanks to the wonderful Vera team cast and crew. Feel emotional.” Episodes will be airing on a weekly basis and are feature-length, feeling very much like films than just a TV series. READ MORE: Here's the reason Vera is forever wearing a hat in the crime series The stories have once again been inspired by the award-winning crime writer Ann Cleeves’ Vera novels. There will be a total of six episodes in the forthcoming run - with two from series 11 and four from season 12. Vital Signs - series 11, episode 3 Vera and the team are on the case after a GP’s charred remains are found in a burned out car after she was called out to treat a patient, who turns out never existed. The Way the Wind Blows - series 11, episode 4 After a woman’s body washes up on the shore of the River Tyne, Vera soon discovers the victim was caught up quite a few things both personally and professionally. Against the Tide - series 12, episode 1 When a body is discovered at a remote lighthouse, suspicions are immediately raised as Vera spots foul play and re-counts the victim’s final days. For the Grace of God - series 12, episode 2 A soldier making the difficult transition back to civilian life after being in the line of fire meets a tragic end as secrets and betrayal come back to haunt him. Blue - series 12, episode 3 A policeman found dead in park lake will lead Vera to ruffle a few feathers as she tries to get to the truth about his tragic demise. The Darkest Evening - series 12, episode 4 Finally, Vera stumbles across a car with a baby inside during the middle of a storm leading her to seek refuge at her ancestral home of Brockburn House, where she comes face to face with estranged family members. The main cast will be coming back for the new outing including Brenda Blethyn returning as DCI Vera Stanhope in her iconic role as the brusque sleuth in her trench coat and bucket hat. Joining her will be Kenny Doughty again as her right-hand man DS Aiden Healy, who has been part of the show since season five. Veteran cast member Jon Morrison reprises his role as DC Kenny Lockhart after being in the series since its first outing. Another familiar face is Ibinabo Jack as DC Jacqueline ‘Jac’ Williams, who’ll be assisting on the cases. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [VIEWER REACTION]Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' [VIDEO] While Riley Jones is once more assuming the mantle of DC Mark Edwards, who will be assisting Vera to crack more cases. Taking on pathologist Dr. Malcolm Donahue again is Paul Kaye, who is the newest member of the show since series nine. Finally, Sarah Kameela Impey will be playing pathologist Dr. Paula Bennett in the show. There will of course be guest cast members in each episode as Vera is confronted with some shady figures in her hunt for killers. There sadly doesn’t seem to be a trailer but Express.co.uk will update this article when one becomes available. Vera starts on ITV1 on Sunday, January 15 at 8pm