Manchester United’s new signing Wout Weghorst has reportedly earned himself a big pay rise with his loan move to Old Trafford. The Dutchman is set to double the wage he was earning at Burnley as Erik ten Hag seeks to bring him in line with the salaries of the rest of the Red Devils first team squad. The news that United were interested in a loan move for the 6ft 6in striker initially came as a surprise given he was already at Besiktas on a temporary deal from Burnley. However, the three clubs were able to come to an agreement which has since seen Weghorst make the move to Old Trafford, with United giving the Turkish club £2.5million in compensation. It has now been reported that Besiktas were not the only party to benefit from the deal with Weghorst himself receiving a pay rise according to the Mirror. The Dutchman earned around £60,000 per week at Burnley, something which increased a Besiktas but Ten Hag has now near doubled his salary at United to bring him in line with the club’s other stars. It is unlikely that money alone would have been the driving factor behind Weghorst’s decision with the striker a boyhood United supporter. He is said to have viewed the chance to make the move to the club as ‘one in a lifetime’ and was immediately interested once Ten Hag made his approach. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE The Red Devils’ interest in the Netherlands international originally came as a surprise given his struggles for Burnley last season. He scored just two goals in the space of 20 appearances and reportedly fell out with his team-mates during his time at Turf Moor. His performances have improved since his arrival at Besiktas, with the 30-year-old netting nine in 18 matches as well as scoring an impressive double for the Netherlands in the World Cup quarter-final against Argentina. Ten Hag has explained his decision, suggesting he can fill a different role within the team with his unique skill set. “I think he is the type of striker we don't have in this moment,” he told BT Sport ahead of United’s 2-1 win over Manchester City. “I have known him for a long time and I followed him to the leagues and to all the clubs and everywhere he went, he surprised. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeChelsea could axe 10 players in squad firesale as Boehly backs PotterMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private “He's a goalscorer definitely but he's also the type who can work for the team. He is a really good pressing player in defending so we actually contribute as well but he is a box player who can also play counterattack. You won't expect it always but when you see his profile but he is a really good counter player. He scored so many goals that way, especially in the Bundesliga where they will play a lot of counter there and he was really effective." Weghorst could make his United debut at Selhurst Park when the Red Devils take on Crystal Palace on Wednesday in their rearranged Premier League fixture.