John McEnroe revealed that Nick Kyrgios was dealing with several ‘issues’ after spending time with the Aussie before his ‘devastating’ Australian Open withdrawal. Kyrgios pulled out of his home tournament just the day before his scheduled opening match with a knee injury - providing a monumental setback to the first Grand Slam of the year. Seeded 19th, 2022 Wimbledon finalist Kyrgios was seen as one of the top contenders to stop Novak Djokovic from claiming a 10th Aussie Open title and an enticing draw put the eye-catching duo on a collision course for a tantalising quarter-final tie. But box-office Kyrgios, who said his heart was broken after the injury that also left him unable to defend his doubles title at Melbourne Park, now requires an operation on a cyst growing in his meniscus. Physio Will Maher suggested that Kyrgios’ exhibition against his good friend Djokovic on Friday was used as a test to see if he could sustain an elite level over a fortnight, despite his knee troubles. And after Monday’s withdrawal, former world no.1 McEnroe admitted that the news has sucked some of the life out of the tournament in Melbourne. JUST IN: Coco Gauff took up boxing and trained with Tyson before Raducanu clash “Total and absolute bummer,” McEnroe told Eurosport. “Nick’s been making progress that I wasn’t sure he even thought [he could make] or I did… to get himself to compete consistently at a high level and give the type of effort you need to go after and possibly win a Grand Slam. “I think we saw that because he was able to give this more consistent effort last year, when he was right in the mix. “He got to the final of Wimbledon, he had a real shot to go all the way at the US Open, lost in the quarters, but looked great most of the tournament, and I’m sure that he was super pumped up because he’s playing in his home country.” “Everywhere that you turned, anywhere in the world, and you heard that news it was like, ‘Oh not again’, like something else happened." DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios 'relieved' not to play Aus Open as he explains withdrawalAus Open star Giorgi 'not in danger' and vows Covid jabs aren't fakeMcEnroe backs Emma Raducanu to clinch Coco Gauff win at Aus Open McEnroe also revealed that he was around the Kyrgios camp in the build-up to the tournament, and hopes that he can now work on his injury problems and come back stronger with huge expectations on his shoulders for 2023. “He’s had issues, because I’ve been around him, some with the body and then the knee in particular, so all we can hope is that he’ll go after this and try to make sure that he’s in the type of condition he needs to be, do the rehab work, and hope that he takes something positive out of something that’s obviously totally negative. But it definitely took the air out of the building for sure.” After his eleventh hour withdrawal, Kyrgios said: “I'm devastated obviously. It's like my home tournament. I've had some great memories here. Obviously last year winning the title in doubles and playing the best tennis of my life probably. Then going into this event as one of the favourites, it's brutal."