Manchester United suffered a setback in this season’s title bid following their 3-2 defeat to Arsenal on Sunday, as Mikel Arteta’s side moved 11 points clear of the Red Devils and also have a game in hand on Erik ten Hag’s side. United have shown remarkable improvement this season, however, and with added financial backing it is not inconceivable that the Dutch boss can take his side to the next level with further investment. Between the final few days left of the January transfer window and the end of the summer, United’s four main priorities are reportedly a goalkeeper that is more adept with their feet than David De Gea, a new right-back to compete with Diogo Dalot, a long-term successor to Christian Eriksen that can elevate the midfield alongside Bruno Fernandes and Casemiro, in addition to a striker. The Telegraph have reported that United are prepared to rival Chelsea and Tottenham in the race for Brentford goalkeeper David Raya, who is expected to leave Thomas Frank’s side at the end of the season and would cost between £15-20million. The Spaniard has proved adept with his feet and would be a welcomed addition at Old Trafford, though De Gea is in negotiations regarding a new contract on reduced terms. United have been linked with a host of right-backs to compete with Dalot, who has been absent since the World Cup and Aaron Wan-Bissaka has deputised ably. The former Crystal Palace defender was criticised in the defeat to Arsenal by Roy Keane, prompting links to Chelsea target Malo Gusto. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends direct message to board over future after Fulham win United are reportedly ready to hijack Chelsea’s deal for the 19-year-old Lyon full-back, who would be able to compete with Dalot. The French side are said to be keen on keeping the teenager for the remainder of the season as part of a potential £35m deal, which United would be able to agree to as they are prepared to hold onto Wan-Bissaka until the summer. United are publicly interested in England’s teenage World Cup star Jude Bellingham, though face competition from Liverpool and Real Madrid amongst others. If the Borussia Dortmund man is keen on a move back to his homeland in addition to Champions League football, if United finish in the top four ahead of Jurgen Klopp’s side, they may be one of the few teams to match his demands as part of a £130m transfer. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Victor Osimhen could be United’s man in the summer if they are rebuffed by Harry Kane, who has signalled his interest in renewing his contract at Tottenham. Napoli would demand at least £100m for his services after a season in Serie A where he already has 13 goals in 15 appearances so far. Osimhen’s £100m fee, Bellingham’s £130m, Gusto’s £35m and Raya’s £20m would total £265m, an expensive potential summer window, though a firesale involving the likes of Harry Maguire, Wan-Bissaka, Victor Lindelof and Donny van de Beek among others would likely take some of the financial burdens away, especially if United do return to the Champions League. Manchester United’s potential XI next season: Raya; Gusto, Varane, Martinez, Shaw; Casemiro, Bellingham, Fernandes; Antony, Osimhen, Rashford.