Stacey Solomon, 33, admitted sex with her husband Joe Swash, 41, is currently a "physical impossibility" as the pair enjoyed a kid-free night before the birth of their third child together. The Loose Women presenter, who also has two other children from a previous relationship, posed for a mirror selfie in front of a bubble bath with the caption: “In a very rare turn of events, my dad has given Joe the gift of pickle sitting for his birthday." She continued: "So, grandad has just turned up and taken all the kids out for the day and is then having them overnight. "We honestly cannot remember the last time this happened because finding a babysitter for five isn’t easy. “So, we are having the most surreal morning and going to get ready and do something together. Happy Saturday,” Stacey concluded. The former X Factor star told her followers that she and Joe felt like "competition winners" after her father offered to take all four children off their hands for the day. READ MORE:Laura Tobin looks unrecognisable after painful-looking skin treatment The couple were at a loss over what to do with no children to take care of, and called for her followers to help out and suggest activities. “We look like competition winners,” she told her fans. “We actually have no idea where to go! We are getting in the car and hoping for the best. "What do people do on a Saturday afternoon with no kids? Any suggestions welcome." Stacey went on to share some of her favourite responses, which ranged from going out for food or to the cinema, before sharing Joe's favourite X-rated suggestion. “Have some sexy time to get baby moving,” one follower suggested, much to the delight of Stacey. Sharing a video in the car alongside Joe, she said: “And obviously, this was Joe’s favourite answer. "In fact, it was the first thing he said to me when dad came and picked up the kids.” DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon shares new pics of blossoming baby bump (PHOTOS)Lisa Marie Presley's son's grave is being moved at Elvis' Graceland (NEWS)Amanda Owen admits life is 'never easy' as single mum of nine (LATEST) Joe protested: “You’re saying it like I was right off the mark,” to which Stacey replied: “No, you are! It’s a physical impossibility right now.” “You said to me, ‘My dad’s picking the kids up, it’s just me and you… That is definitely a hint that it’s time.” Joe retorted. “No! It’s not time. How would it even happen? "I honestly don’t know how people do it, I can’t even put my own socks on,” Stacey responded with a side-splitting answer. “I would do it,” Joe suggested. In hysterical laughter, Stacey added: “I can’t even walk up the stairs without hyperventilating. "If you think I can do anything like that right now… I can’t move properly. Look at me,” she urged her other half, gesturing towards her huge bump, as she exclaimed: “Look at me!” It comes after the entire family spent time together for Joe’s birthday yesterday, as Stacey revealed she treated the TV presenter to a McDonald’s breakfast on his special day. “Me and Rexy got up before everyone this morning so we snuck out to get daddy a birthday McMuffin,” she said on Instagram.