US travel insurance company, Berkshire Hathaway Travel Protection, found the safest countries in the world to travel to. Many of the top 15 are in Europe. READ MORE: Cornwall’s hidden gem is a ‘truly remote’ beach that feels ‘exotic’ In first place, as the safest destination for British tourists, was the Netherlands, just a short hop from the UK. The majority of tourists head straight to Amsterdam to explore its cultural attractions such as the Rijksmuseum, home to paintings by Van Gogh and Rembrandt, or to experience its varied nightlife. A tourist who visited the Rijksmusuem wrote on Tripadvisor: “Outside the sheer majesty of the building is impressive. “Inside, be prepared to be blown away by gallery after gallery, floor after floor of art, culture and history. Jaw dropping.” Away from the capital, tourists could check out the gorgeous tulip fields in the province of Flevoland. The tulip fields are generally at their best around the end of April. Britons can easily reach the fields in Keukenhof, just 30 minutes from Amsterdam. Denmark came second in the safest countries rankings and was the leading destination in Scandinavia. The country has a very low violent crime rate and plenty of exciting and varied attractions to explore. READ MORE: Cornwall’s hidden gem is a ‘truly remote’ beach that feels ‘exotic’ Iceland took the third spot in the rankings and could make a great last-minute winter holiday destination. Tourists can admire the country’s incredible waterfalls and natural scenery before relaxing in the Blue Lagoon. Australia topped the rankings outside of Europe, while New Zealand also landed inside the top 10. Norway took the final spot in the top five while Finland was the only Scandinavian country not to make the list. Leading British tourist destination, Spain, landed just outside the top 10 in the 11th spot for safety. The UK just made the top 15 safest destinations while the UAE also made the safest country rankings. Belgium was the last country on the list, while France and Portugal weren’t included in the rankings. British tourists can check the safety advice for their destination on the FCDO website before they travel.