Joe Biden was brutally told he failed to secure the US/Mexico border in a hand-delivered letter. Texas Governor Greg Abbott gave the President the letter where he said his visit was “$20 billion too little and two years too late”. In his scathing letter to the President, Gov Abbott said Biden’s first appearance in El Paso since taking office was long overdue. “Moreover, your visit avoids the sites where mass illegal immigration occurs and sidesteps the thousands of angry Texas property owners whose lives have been destroyed by your border policies,” the letter said. “Even the city you visit has been sanitised of the migrant camps which had overrun downtown El Paso because your administration wants to shield you from the chaos that Texas has experienced on a daily basis. “This chaos is the direct result of your failure to enforce the immigrations laws that Congress enacted.” Mr Abbott concluded: “On behalf of all Americans, I implore you: Secure our border by enforcing Congress’s immigration laws.” President Biden only spent three hours at the border, where he visited the Bridge of the Americas - the busiest border crossing in the US - and a local immigrant service centre. In a very brief answer to reporters when asked what he learnt about the border, the President said: “They need a lot of resources, and we’re going to get it for them.” The visit has also been blasted as US customs agents and local police rounded up some migrants in the days leading up to President Biden’s trip to El Paso. Around 90,000 people from Cuba, Nicaragua, Haiti and Venezuela were arrested at the border in November, the most recent month for which nationality data is available. READ MORE: Harry showed signs of 'sad resignation' in US interview It comes after the Biden administration announced the US will begin turning away Cubans, Haitians and Nicaraguans who cross the border from Mexico illegally, alongside Venezuelans. “Do not, do not just show up at the border,” President Biden said as he announced the changes. While he acknowledged the hardships that lead many families to make the border crossing, he added: “Stay where you are and apply legally from there.” Homeland Security officials said they would begin denying asylum to those who circumvent legal pathways and do not first ask for asylum in the country they traveled through en route to the US. The US will now accept 30,000 people per month from the four nations for two years and offer the ability to work legally, as long as they come legally, have eligible sponsors and pass vetting and background checks. DON'T MISSBryan Kohberger's former friend speaks out about his alleged drug useHarry brands Camilla 'dangerous' and a 'villain' in furious attackIdaho quadruple murder suspect applied to join police before killings President Biden carried out the policy by extending the use of a public health measure known as Title 42, which was used by Donald Trump during the coronavirus pandemic to authorise the rapid expulsion of migrants. However, Alex Miller, director of the American Immigration Council’s Immigration Justice Campaign, called it a “carrot and stick” approach, saying his group have “been disappointed”. “The problem is the carrot is not universally accessible,” Mr Miller added. “Legal access to asylum will be limited to those who are the right nationalities, have the right means and support, to apply for parole.” “The sticks they are offering are restricting access, and that’s not a fair trade.”