A rogue tissue stuffed into a pocket can wreak havoc in the washing machine. Dark clothing, in particular, can end up covered in small bits of tissue and fluff. Removing the tissue by hand can be laborious and washing the clothes again doesn’t always guarantee that the tissue debris will be removed. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing tissue debris from washed clothing. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Liz Hutton posted: “I repeatedly keep leaving a tissue in my pockets. I’ve put a big notice near my washing machine to remind me to empty my pockets. “But how do I get rid of the tissue mess on my clothes simply?” READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid The post was flooded with almost 80 responses from fellow Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular suggestion was to use the tumble dryer. Kim Organ said: “I stick it in the tumble dryer with a dryer sheet. I do the same.” Susan Ridout commented: “Tumble dry for 10 minutes. It will all come off and be in the filter.” Margaret Lister replied: “If you have a tumble dryer it will end up in the filter and there’s nothing much to shake off.” DON'T MISSFive orchid mistakes you should avoid making [INSIGHT]4 safe and effective methods to stop foxes visiting your garden [UPDATE]Four houseplants which ‘reduce dust’ from your home [ANALYSIS] June Lois McGill wrote: “Put them on low heat in a tumble dryer. All the tissue goes onto the filter.” Tracey Harris suggested: “Put on rinse and spin then tumble dry.” Melanie Myall agreed and wrote: “Tumble dry - it works!” Linda Cockayne also replied: “Dry then tumble dry on a cold setting.” The hack is free and simple for those who own a tumble dryer. However, tumble dryers are costly to run and not everyone owns one. READ MORE: White vinegar for cleaning: 9 things you must avoid cleaning Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you don’t own a tumble dryer, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their alternative solutions. They suggested using aspirin, sticky tape, a lint roller or a clothes brush. Geraldine Baines replied: “Put six dissolvable aspirins in your washing machine and rewash your clothes on a 30C/40C and the tissue will totally disappear. I’ve used this method many times.” Peggy Foster commented: “Sticky tape wrapped around your hand and rub over clothes.” Karen Simpson wrote: “I’m terrible for this. Let it dry and roll over it with a sticky lint roller. I buy them from Ikea.” Helen Snowball posted: “Soak them with a handful of aspirin and then wash with a handful just to make sure. Aspirin dissolves tissue.” Lorraine Smith replied: “Clothes brush. Kids constantly leave tissue in their pockets. Quick brush over the sink, done.” Donna White said: “It's a bit long-winded but I used sticky tape. Wrapped around my hand pressed onto the tissue.” Janet Timson Allen suggested: “Use a lint roller. Brilliant for getting tissue and bits off clothes immediately.”