Ronnie O’Sullivan accidentally dropped the C-word live on ITV after being knocked out of the World Grand Prix by Thailand’s Noppon Saengkham on Wednesday. O’Sullivan was the overwhelming favourite to win the last 16 showdown and took a 2-0 lead but ultimately went on to lose 4-2 as Saengkham progressed to the quarter-finals. O’Sullivan was summoned by the ITV3 cameras in in the aftermath of his defeat to talk about the match. And the 47-year-old stumbled over his words. “I don’t really sort of worry myself about making events and making c****,” he said, before quickly correcting himself by adding: “Ahh cuts.” O’Sullivan appeared to be in the driving seat during the early stages of his encounter with Saengkham but saw his dominance wane as the match wore on. And Saengkham had multiple chances to close out the contest before eventually securing the victory in the sixth frame. “He played amazing, he potted some great balls,” O'Sullivan said after the encounter. “He just played brilliant. He's such an improved player, I watched him play [Mark] Selby [in the first round] - he played some fantastic stuff and carried it through today. I gave it my best - it wasn't good enough on the day. If I played well or bad I don't really know - I was 2-0 up. He managed to reel off four frames on the spin, so every credit to him.” JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan breaks silence on snooker match-fixing scandal after Masters victory  Meanwhile, Saengkham admitted he was “over the moon” after seeing off O’Sullivan. “Ronnie is like a hero of all the snooker players and it is not easy to beat him but actually I had to beat my heart first because when we are paired with him, we already lost half [the battle] so I had to beat my heart first,” said the 30-year-old. “Yeah the first shot when I get a chance on pink and I miss, then the second chance I just try say to myself, ‘I believe in you,’ because my daughter’s name is believe so I said I needed to pot the pink to win it and I got it.” DON'T MISS:Mark Williams wanted BBC snooker commentator to 'shut up' during Ronnie O'Sullivan winRonnie O'Sullivan labelled snooker GOAT by Mark Williams despite Masters loss to WelshmanMasters snooker tournament disrupted as wasp lands on Mark Williams' genitals   Saengkham will now take on Mark Williams in the quarter-finals after the Welshman comprehensively dispatched Ding Junhui 4-0 in his last 16 match. Williams cruised past Junhui as he made three breaks of over 60 on his way to victory. That match ended in a bizarre manner as the final frame went down to the final black ball. And when Junhui failed to make contract with it from a long-range shot, a foul was called and Williams was declared the victor. 