Everton are reportedly weighing up a bid for Marko Arnautovic before the January transfer deadline. Despite meeting resistance from Bologna, the Toffees have supposedly made the Austrian, who came close to joining Manchester United during the summer before their offer was rejected, their number one target. United boss Erik ten Hag was supposedly keen to bring Arnautovic to Old Trafford before the start of the season to help with his side's top-four push. Just a few months down the line, the Toffees seemingly feel that if the forward is good enough to push for the Champions League spots, he could be good enough to propel them clear of relegation danger. Everton are down in 19th place with less than half of the Premier League season left to run. A new manager is yet to be appointed following the sacking of Frank Lampard but the club's board are looking to make moves in the transfer market regardless, with a matter of days left before the window slams shut. According to TuttoMercatoWeb, Everton have made Arnautovic their top target this month with Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Neal Maupay failing to come up with the goods in front of goal. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer news LIVE - Ten Hag eyes new bargain, exit imminent The Bologna frontman will be 34 years old by the end of the season but his goalscoring exploits have only got better with age. He rattled in 14 Serie A goals last campaign and he is on course for an even better total this time around, averaging a goal every 149 minutes in Italy. He could therefore be an inspired signing if Everton manage to prise him away, although Bologna are thought to be dead against letting their star striker go midway through the season. United tried their luck during the summer but saw a bid of around £8million rejected. DON'T MISS...Four huge transfers that may happen before deadline dayErik ten Hag delivers on Man Utd promise as menacing trio sting ForestMan City boss Pep Guardiola faces Kylian Mbappe transfer headache The Red Devils decided against increasing their offer for the striker after significant backlash from their own fans when news of the bid broke. Arnautovic is known for being a fiery character and he has previous experience with both Stoke City and West Ham, hitting double figures in three of his six seasons in the Premier League. Although squad improvements will be vitally important for Everton over the coming days, the board's priority remains appointing a new manager. Marcelo Bielsa is thought to be the top choice for owner Farhad Moshiri, although the former Leeds United boss supposedly wants £6m per season to put his reputation on the line.  Ralph Hasenhuttl and Sean Dyche are also thought to be in the mix, with former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy hinting that the Toffees should plump for one of the two by insisting that Bielsa's chaotic style of football would likely send them down to the Championship. "If he goes to Everton and tries to implement that style of football in a relegation fight, they’re down," he told talkSPORT. "They don’t have the personnel to play like that anyway – the man-to-man type of style and pressing all over the place. No." 