Prince Harry has revealed how Meghan Markle, when the pair had been together for roughly a year, kneeled next to Princess Diana’s grave to ask for guidance. The revelation came among other bombshells in his memoir Spare, which went on sale in Spain early yesterday. The Duke recalled visiting Diana’s final resting place on the Althorp estate - the late Princess’ childhood home in Northamptonshire. The couple rowed out onto the island where Harry’s mother is buried, on the 20th anniversary of her death. He wrote of how he took a moment to reflect by himself, before sensing that Meghan also felt that she needed to take a private moment, according to the Daily Mail. He said: “When I returned, she was on her knees with her eyes closed and her palms flat against the stone.” She told him that she’d asked Diana for “clarity and guidance”. In Harry and Meghan’s Netflix documentary, Harry frequently compared Meghan to his mother - a claim which outraged some commentators. The visit to her grave would have been in August 2017 - about a year after the couple began dating. Diana was buried there in 1997, with the grave re-dedicated by the Archbishop of Canterbury in 2017. Early Spencer inherited the Althorp estate following the death of his father in 1992, and he still lives there with his third wife, Karen, and their daughter Lady Charlotte. In the Netflix series, Harry alluded to his mother when he said: “I accept that there will be people around the world who fundamentally disagree with what I've done [breaking away from the Royal Family] and how I've done it, but I knew I had to do everything I could to protect my family, I didn't want history to repeat itself." He added: “So much of what Meghan is and how she is, is so similar to my mum. READ MORE: Harry told 'ball is in his court' after royals offer four olive branch [REVEAL] “She has the same compassion. She has the same empathy. She has the same confidence. She has this warmth about her.” Princess Diana earned the nickname of the “People’s Princess” during her period of marriage to then-Prince Charles. Ms Spencer earned worldwide recognition for her relatability and her unparalleled charm when meeting people from across the world for her role. However, some commentators have disagreed with the comparison with Meghan. Body language expert Believing Bruce, spoke in a YouTube video about a "conflict" which can be observed between Diana and Meghan as Princess Diana was known to be "strongly trying to get her and the kids out of the cameras". Meghan, in this aspect "seems to be the total opposite," he claimed. He said: "I get it, she's an actress, she's used to the limelight, she needs the cameras, it has been part of her career." DONT' MISS: Paul Burrell sparks uproar as he hits out at Prince Harry [REVEAL]Diana's ex-butler urges Harry to 'stop now' amid Megxit memoir claims [INSIGHT]Harry tried to recreate Diana's last journey in Paris [ANALYSIS] But he concluded that "when it comes to that aspect, the difference between Diana and Meghan couldn't be more poles apart". Prince William’s wife Kate has also been compared to the late Princess of Wales, whose title she has now been given - but one commentator argued that she is making the role her own. Royal author Katie Nicholl, writer of new book ‘The New Royals’, told OK!: “She has always made sure she honours Diana’s memory. Whether that was through pieces of jewellery that she’s worn or keeping memory boxes for the children, in order to keep the memory of the grandmother they never knew alive. But she never tried to emulate Diana. She found her own stride, her own role – and she’s been incredibly successful at doing that.” Kate has frequently been spotted paying tribute to her late mother-in-law with her clothes and jewellery, which is often similar to that of Diana. Ms Nicholls added: “She follows in great footsteps as the new Princess of Wales, because the last Princess of Wales was Diana – a title Camilla deliberately never took – but I think she’ll make it her own and make a great success of it.”