Strictly Come Dancing 2022 champions Hamza Yassin and Jowita Przystal reunited after their win on Tuesday night. The pair appeared on The One Show to discuss the upcoming live tour and how they feel now, one month after they were crowned champions. Their reunion was also the first time Jowita has made a public appearance since rumours began about her relationship with fellow colleague, Giovanni Pernice. During their time on the show, Hamza praised their partnership as he spoke about their success to victory, saying: "There was a lot of pressure. "Jowita said the best thing when I lifted her for the first time she said she felt safe in my arms. When we practice the lifts, she'd give instructions. "I would be ready with one eye half closed. But we figured it out quite quickly." She added: "The most important thing is trust. He felt safe because I felt safe. But he never dropped me." READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event Discussing the win, Hamza continued: "I say this all the time. I thought I was going out [in] week two, the first time someone can go out. "We have this thing every week where I hold Jowita's thumb and I say, 'Thank you very much, it's been great but I'm ready for the dance-off, here we go'." Her appearance on the BBC One show comes after it had been reported that Jowita and Giovanni had embarked on a romance with one another. The Sun reported the couple had developed a romance during the latest series. The professional dancers are yet to comment on the reports, but the two have been pictured leaving Giovanni's London-based home separately in recent days. Hamza and Jowita looked happy to be back together, with many of their fans also being delighted at their reunion. After the show, Jowita posted an image of the two behind-the-scenes and captioned it: "Thank you @bbctheoneshow for having us tonight x. "Strictly Live tour rehearsals have just started and we can't wait to perform for you guys! It's going to be FABULOUS!" DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [INSIGHT]GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash [LATEST]Piers Morgan slammed for 'car crash' coverage of Prince Harry  [WATCH] Fans commented under the image, with @scdjowita commenting: "it was so nice to see the dream team reunited on our screens. So excited for live tour to begin." @len4espam added: "Cannot wait to see you guys at the end of the month!!!" @blonde.enigma said: "Finally good to see you both appearing on TV together again. Can't wait to see you in Glasgow." @holdontoyou16 exclaimed: "It was so awesome to see you two again after your big win and I'm so excited for tour, it's gonna be epic." (sic) When Hamza's name was called out as the winner of the BBC dancing competition he broke down in tears. Afterwards, he told Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman: "It is hard to describe how I feel, I want to thank one person in particular, Jowita. "You are an angel disguised as a human being. You are, you are amazing and thank you to everyone out there for voting for us." "This is the best thing that has ever happened to me. I have three bits of advice that I think bear repeating." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.