Nathan Ake believes that Pep Guardiola pulled off a managerial masterstroke at Manchester City by calling out his team's underperforming players in a scathing rant earlier this month. The defending Premier League champions managed to beat table-toppers Arsenal in the FA Cup on Friday evening, with Ake scoring the winning goal after being teed up by Jack Grealish inside the area. The result will have given City some added belief that they can catch Arsenal in the Premier League between now and the end of the season, with the two sides poised to face each other next month and again in April. Guardiola accused his players of lacking 'passion, fire and desire' after their victory against Tottenham earlier this month in a wake-up call that Ake credits for helping City to restore their prolific form in recent weeks."Obviously he said it for a reason," said the Dutch defender. "Maybe it did dip a bit, but over the last few games we've shown we want to try, we want to compete and we did that again against Arsenal."We want to make sure we will keep fighting for everything. That’s the only thing we can do as a team and a club. We thought ‘okay, we have to improve.’ He’s been in the game so long, and seen everything, so he’s probably right. JUST IN: Newcastle still keen on Maddison despite £45m Gordon signing "He’s been at top, top clubs and probably did it to wake us up. It was needed and hopefully we can keep it going now. The only thing we can do as a team is fight back and show everyone and ourselves we still have that fight and hunger. For us it's just good to keep our run going."We have to keep it going, not just now but for the whole season. We can’t let it drop again or get in a period like that again. From now we have to make sure we keep going. We've had a little wake-up call and have to make sure this is it from here."Arsenal currently hold a five-point lead over City, who have played an extra game, in the Premier League table and have recently emerged as the surprise favourites to win their first title since 2004 at the end of the season. However, two victories for City over Arsenal later in the campaign would turn the situation on its head and Ake is adamant that his team will have every chance of catching up over the coming weeks. "We just have to keep focused on ourselves," added Ake. "As long as we do our thing, game by game, trying to win every one of them. Arsenal are doing so well this season, but we still have to play them twice so, yes, it’s up to us really."They’re a top team, we saw that last year when we played them in January. They were already looking really good and it was difficult against them. They showed again, they pressed us very high and it was difficult to play out. So it’s tough to play against them, they are a top team and doing really well."Obviously when we play them again in a couple of weeks it will be a totally different game, but it’s always good to win, especially against a team like Arsenal and it can only do us good." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.