Love Island has been airing on weeknights on ITV2 and viewers are keen to see the drama continue. Two new bombshells, Zara and David, have been brought in to potentially stir up trouble. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what is happening over the weekend. The past week has seen newcomer Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown go on a date with Ron Hall, which she later discussed with Lana Jenkins. However, Will Young was also attracted to Zara and was keen to get to know her better. Lana and Ron discussed his date with Zara and he said he wanted to have more conversations with her. Meanwhile, Kai Fagan was getting to know Anna-May Robey despite being coupled up with Tanyel Revan, which she was not happy with. READ MORE: Love Island viewers distracted by Islander's appearance Tonight's instalment will unfortunately not be a new episode, as new instalments only air on weeknights and Sundays. Instead, from 9pm tonight, a special Love Island: Unseen Bits edition will air. The hour-long episode features Iain Stirling as he goes over exclusive content from the first week in the villa. Viewers will see the islanders as they have never seen them before. Iain appeared on Good Morning Britain where he was questioned about Love Island's new host, Maya Jama. He was asked whether he would text Maya, to which he replied: "To Maya Jama? I'm sure my wife would have something to say about that if that happened. "Maya is absolutely fantastic, Laura was absolutely fantastic, Maya is doing such a good job... her slow-mo walks have been something else. Great looks." Iain previously revealed this season would run for eight weeks and with this in mind, it should finish around mid-March. DON'T MISS... Love Island’s Amber Gill gives verdict on Maya Jama's hosting debut [INSIGHT] Love Island star issued 'warning' on being intimate [DISCUSSION] Love Island fans blast 'hard to watch' series: 'It's lost its zest' [INSIGHT] An official date for the finale is yet to be revealed but it should follow the same format. The final four couples should have visits from their families before the winners are announced. They will then have the opportunity to share to steal the cash prize of £50,000. Early popularity charts for the contestants have now come to light with bookies suggesting Ron Hall is the favourite to win. Lana is leading the way for the women with Olivia Hawkins in second place. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Ron and Lana look set to romp home if the latest figures are anything to go by." With Zara and David Salako being the newcomers, the contestants are yet to get to know them properly. The drama will continue on Sunday night as the show returns to its regular slot.  Love Island airs on ITV2 on weeknights and Sundays from 9pm.