Lisa Marie Presley should have had it all. She was Elvis’s daughter, a rock ’n’ roll princess and sole heir to his £82million fortune, who before she could walk was flying on her father’s jet named in her honour. Home was the famed Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee, with wall-to-wall shag carpet, servants and Cadillacs. Yet when she died on Thursday of a sudden cardiac arrest at the age of 54, Lisa Marie brought to a close a life steeped in tragedy and disappointment. She was found unconscious in the bedroom at her home in the Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas, California, but she may as well have been living in the Heartbreak Hotel. She had endured the premature deaths of her father and son, four turbulent marriages and divorces, drug addiction and financial woes, while never escaping the long shadow cast by her father’s legend. Just two days before she died, Lisa Marie appeared at the Golden Globe Awards in Hollywood alongside her mother and Austin Butler, who had portrayed her father in last year’s hit movie Elvis, as if to underscore how her life had been circumscribed by being The King’s only child. Heartbreak came early: she was only four years old when her father separated from his former teen bride, Priscilla Presley. Shuttled between her two parents, she was spoiled by Elvis, who flew her to Idaho on his Lisa Marie jet so that she could see snow for the first time. After 30 minutes playing in the powder they flew home. “He was bigger than life,” she said. “Everything you saw and people appreciated about him, he was that or more offstage.” She was only nine years old when Elvis died in 1977. Lisa Marie stumbled into the bathroom at Graceland to find her father’s lifeless body sprawled across the carpet, with his girlfriend Ginger Alden desperately trying to revive him. Elvis was only 42, having suffered a heart attack sparked by years of abusing prescription barbiturates and a cocktail of drugs. “My daddy’s dead,” she sobbed as paramedics arrived but failed to save him. Lisa Marie inherited her father’s fortune, but under Elvis’s will could not control it until she turned 25: a decision that proved prescient, given her turbulent adolescence. Raised in the controversial Scientology cult by Priscilla, who went on to launch a successful acting career with films including The Naked Gun franchise and classic TV soap opera Dallas, Lisa Marie’s teen years were marked by rebellion. She admitted taking drugs at 13, and for four years indulged steadily. “I had a real self-destructive mode for a while,” she later recalled. “Cocaine, sedatives, pot, and drinking – all at the same time,” she told People magazine. “I don’t know how I lived through it. I woke up one day with a bunch of people on the floor. I drove myself to the Church of Scientology and said, ‘Somebody… help me right now.’” Turning from drugs she embraced the self-styled religion, and at the Scientology Celebrity Centre in Hollywood met her first husband, musician Danny Keough, marrying in 1988, when she was only 20 years old and pregnant with their daughter Riley. Their son Benjamin followed, but her father’s fame proved destructive to her marriage. “There was so much resentment about who I was, because I had more power than he did, and it became a power struggle,” she recalled. They divorced after six years, in 1994. Yet within months she wed again, to troubled pop icon Michael Jackson, 10 years her senior, who was battling allegations of child molestation and struggling with a decade-long painkiller addiction. “I wanted to save him,” she said. They wed in secret in the Dominican Republic, to be met with public incredulity at what many thought was a face-saving publicity stunt for the gloved one. Yet Lisa Marie insisted that the romance was genuine, and was confident that superstar Jackson would not “just become ‘Mr Presley’” and would be “more compatible,” she explained. “I wasn’t thinking what everyone else was thinking, which was that I must have been out of my f***ing mind.” Unsurprisingly, it did not last. She saw how Jackson manipulated the media and people around him, and feared she was also being used by the singer. “I always confused that manipulation, thinking that it meant he didn’t love me,” she told Oprah Winfrey after Jackson’s death in 2009. “The manipulation was a survival tactic for him.” She divorced him in 1996, after only two years, later calling their marriage “the biggest mistake of my life”. Lisa Marie was engaged to musician John Oszajca for three years but dumped him when she met actor Nicolas Cage at a party in 2002, and months later they wed. “Marrying him was a wild flurry, a crazy idea,” she said. “It was a big mistake.” They separated after only four disastrous months. Belatedly turning to music, Lisa Marie released her debut album in 2003, but suffered miserably as critics measured her modest talents against her father. Two additional albums followed in 2005 and 2012, but her singing career fizzled out. Equally doomed was her fourth and final marriage, to guitarist Michael Lockwood, in 2006. They had twin daughters, Harper and Finley, but filed for divorce after a troubled decade together. Their deeply acrimonious battle over custody of the girls, now aged 14, and alimony raged for five painful years. He was seeking £32,000 a month in child support and insisted she had more money than she claimed in court documents. For her part, Lisa Marie claimed that during her fourth marriage nearly all the money she inherited from Elvis had been lost, accusing her former business manager of misusing her fortune. Court documents claimed she had only £11,440 left in liquid assets in 2018, and was £13million in debt. Yet she still owned 15 per cent of the highly lucrative Elvis Presley Enterprises, which paid her more than £85,000 a month. Disillusioned with Scientology, she reportedly quit the cult in 2014, though Priscilla insisted that her daughter had not left the church. Lisa Marie’s financial woes coincided with her return to drug addiction at the age of 45, admitting: “I was not happy.” She became hooked on opioids after a doctor prescribed painkillers following the birth of her twins in 2008. “I was a mess,” she said. “I couldn’t stop.” Heavily abusing cocaine by 2013, she went to rehab five times, and emerged “grateful to be alive”. Finally clean and sober, friends feared she might have been pushed back into the abyss of drugs when her 27-year-old musician son Benjamin killed himself with a shotgun at her home in 2020. He had been abusing booze and cocaine, the coroner found. “The depth of the pain is suffocating and bottomless,” confessed Lisa Marie. Echoing her father’s song, Lisa Marie’s life had been caught in a trap, constructed from Elvis’s success that eclipsed all her efforts, and endured decades after his death. But she insisted: “I would never take back any part of who I am or where I came from… I’m honoured and proud of my family and my dad.” Lisa Marie remained close friends with her first husband, Danny Keough, who was sharing her Calabasas home, and who reportedly performed CPR on her on Thursday until paramedics arrived. Her mother, Priscilla, aged 77, rushed to her hospital bedside as doctors fought in vain to save her. Sharing the “devastating news” of Lisa Marie’s death, Priscilla said: “She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.” She is expected to be buried at Graceland, resting beside Elvis for eternity.