The interview saw the Duke of Sussex discuss accounts in his bombshell memoir ‘Spare’ in further detail. The book is set for release on January 10, but the most shocking moments have been leaked after The Guardian and a number of other papers obtained a copy. A teaser clip for the interview sparked mixed reactions from the British public as Harry told Bradby: “I want a family, not an institution…I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back.” The bombshells which both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dropped on the Royal Family since they stepped back from the Monarchy in 2020 has seen the public divided with sympathy for either the royals or for Harry and his new wife. ITV director of News and Current Affairs Michael Jeremy said of the interview: “It is extremely rare for a member of the Royal Family to speak so openly about their experience at the heart of the institution. “Tom Bradby’s interview with Prince Harry will be a programme that everyone with an informed opinion on the monarchy should want to watch.” Mr Bradby introduced the interview as one with “the most talked about man on the planet”. The veteran anchor has been well-acquainted with the Prince for over two decades from his time as a royal correspondent. The Duke of Sussex invited the ITV journalist to his home in California in order to discuss what Bradby called his “lightning strike” on the Royal Family. The interviewer called the royal’s autobiography, “staggeringly frank [and] it is less a spotlight on royal life and more of a lightning strike.” READ MORE: Harry says it 'did not need to be' like this in his ITV interview The memoir which has already rocked both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace has made revelations of fierce brotherly rivalry, an emotionally stunted father, and Harry’s loss of virginity in a field. Mr Bradby admitted, “I needed a long lie down after reading” the book which many have said has caused the worst crisis for the Royal Family in 30 years, even before it’s official release.” Despite the Prince’s accusations aimed at The Firm, he admitted in the interview that he “still believes in the monarchy” and refused to rule out a role for him in it in the future. The first part of the interview focused on the death of Princess Diana and the impact that has had on the royal including how his father told him of her death and he and Prince William’s struggles at the funeral as the public wailed for their mother. DON'T MISS:UK public have lost trust in Prince Harry, new poll shows (POLL)Rishi Sunak urged to recall Parliament to ‘sort out mess’ of NHS (REVEAL)Rishi Sunak in showdown with unions to break strikes (INSIGHT)  Harry repeated his statements of how he did not want history to repeat itself with his wife Meghan Markle, which the pair said in their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview and Netflix docuseries. A second interview with CBS’s Anderson Cooper will air in the United States at 7pm ET (12am GMT). The prince recorded a third interview for US audiences with Michael Strahan from Good Morning America which will air on January 9 at 4am PT (12pm GMT). Express.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment.