Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) and Tyrone (Alan Halsall) have had interesting romances over the years, however, they've always seem to come back together. After they tied the knot at Christmas, the pair seemed to be back on track for good. However, official spoilers reveal the couple start to fall back into their "stale" ways again which led Tyrone to cheat once before. Will some sex advice put them back on the right path? In upcoming scenes, Fiz confides in Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) that her sex life is in a bit of a rut. Knowing how she feels after going through something similar with Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine), Sally tells Fiz how they enjoy role play, and offers for her to have a look through their fancy dress box. Intrigued by the proposition, Fiz heads out and tells Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) she is going to stay with her mum for the night. Observing Fiz and Tyrone's behaviour towards one another, Evelyn becomes concerned when he fails to kiss his wife goodbye. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz Later, Evelyn notices Tyrone suited and booted, climbing into a car and is convinced he is about to embark on another affair. She tells Roy Cropper (David Nielson) to fire up the car as she is desperate to stop her grandson from making the same mistake again. The pair follow Tyrone to a hotel bar and watch closely as a blonde lady takes the seat next to Tyrone, with him squeezing her thigh intimately. Evelyn is horrified, but will she confront Tyrone in the hotel or wait for him to arrive back home? Has Tyrone broken his vows to Fiz already or has Evelyn got the situation all wrong? Coronation Street boss Iain McLeod also touched on the awkward interaction for the couple and explained he "loved" the storyline. He told Express.co.uk: "Fiz and Tyrone feel a bit like they're maybe sleepwalking back into the kind of staleness that led Tyrone astray last time. "So they decided to really liven the romantic side of their relationship and it all goes horrendously and embarrassingly wrong, especially when you take advice from Sally. DON'T MISS...James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [WATCH]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT] "Sally and Tim's dressing up box features, but it's really really funny and again, we've got Evelyn in the middle of that and you know, she's funny all the time. "It's a really, really funny family and it's quite a mixture of tones." Last year, Tim underwent a triple heart bypass which meant he needed to refrain from strenuous activities. The couple were counting down the days until the pair could have sex again and eager for the doctor to give Tim a clean bill of health. Wasting no time, the couple got down to business with Sally walking down the stairs in a nurse's outfit, leaving viewers cringing and red-faced at the scenes. @NiickBoii expressed: "The Tim and Sally sex scenes are making me laugh!" Louise Allen cringed: "Corrie Dear script writers, Please please please stop showing Tim and Sally’s sexy time!! I can’t take it anymore." Anita McArbe pleaded: "I love Tim and Sally but I do not need to know what they get up to in the bedroom... please make it stop!" (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 