WWE icon Triple H has led the tributes to wrestling star Jay Briscoe after he was killed in a car crash. Real name Jamin Pugh, the American reportedly died in an accident in Laurel, Delaware, around 5.30pm on Tuesday, aged just 38.  Briscoe fought in a variety of promotions but was best known for his time in Ring of Honour (ROH) where, prior to his death, he formed one-half of the ROH World Tag Team Champions with brother Mark Briscoe. He also starred in Impact Wrestling and in Japan. The siblings were in the middle of their 13th reign as champions before the tragic news. And the esteem with which the Salisbury born star was held was summed up by Triple H, current WWE legend and Chief Content Officer. “An incredible performer who created a deep connection with wrestling fans across the globe," he said. "My condolences to the family and friends of Jay Briscoe.” Another icon in Bret Hart also reacted, tweeting "RIP Jay Briscoe" alongside a picture of him holding up belts. JUST IN: Australian Open security boot out 'rowdy British' fans for foul-mouthed Andy Murray chant Tony Khan, CEO of All Elite Wrestling and owner of ROH, had previously announced tragic news on Twitter. He wrote: “Sadly, Jamin Pugh has passed away. Known to fans as Jay Briscoe, he was a star in ROH for over 20 years, from the first show until today. Jay and his brother Mark dominated ROH, reigning as champions to this day. We’ll do whatever we can to support his family. Rest In Peace Jamin.” Former WWE and ROH star Matt Hardy posted: "Heard this tragic news while flying. I’m DEVASTATED that Jay Briscoe (Jamin Pugh) tragically died today. I was honored to work with him many times. I loved Jay. Jay was SO real. Jay loved his wife and kids more than anything and we shared that bond. I’m heartbroken for his family." Sami Zayn added: "I don’t have the words right now to properly convey my sorrow. I love Jay and Mark Briscoe. Always have. I wouldn’t be here without them. I’m very lucky to have shared the ring and shared so many laughs with Jay Briscoe and I’m so sad to know neither will happen again. RIP my friend." DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu shuts down reporter question on new injury worry after Coco Gauff defeatAustralian Open LIVE: Emma Raducanu highlights vs Gauff as Nadal also crashes outRafael Nadal's wife caught crying in the stands over Australian Open injury nightmare   As well as his tag team success, Briscoe was also a two-time Ring of Honour World Champion. He also won numerous other titles after debuting in the Combat Zone Wrestling promotion in 2001. Last March, he and brother Mark were nominated into the ROH Hall of Fame. The pair were two of only five inductees, alongside Bryan Danielson, Samoa Joe, and CM Punk.