Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola claims he made half-time substitutions against Chelsea because of the recommendation of a journalist. The Spaniard made two changes which played a big part in changing the momentum of the match at Stamford Bridge. City were not at their fluent best in the first half on Thursday. They rarely threatened to trouble Kepa Arrizabalaga in the Chelsea goal and it was the hosts who came closest to scoring. But Guardiola saw fit to bring on a couple of players at the half-time interval. Kyle Walker and Joao Cancelo were brought into the starting XI after a couple of games out of the side. But the star duo were replaced by exciting young full-back Rico Lewis and centre-half Manuel Akanji at the break. Straight away City looked a better balanced side and were all over Chelsea in the opening stages of the second half. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  They eventually took the lead just after the hour mark when Jack Grealish's perfect cross was met at the back post by Riyad Mahrez. City could have scored more but held on to close the gap on leaders Arsenal to five points. Speaking in his post-match press conference, Guardiola singled out a journalist for his advice on his substitutions. As tweeted by @TyMarshall_MEN, Guardiola said: "I’m a genius. "In the last press conference it was @JamieJackson___, my friend, and he said why did you make a sub 87 mins against Everton? I took notes, I thought about him at half-time and I changed it at half-time." DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out  City have started a tough run of fixtures in ideal fashion. They face Chelsea again in the FA Cup third round on Sunday before a trip to rivals Manchester United in the Premier League and then a visit of Tottenham. They play Spurs again in early February before the first clash of the season against potential title rivals Arsenal. Guardiola knows the importance of Thursday's win in kick-starting their momentum. He told Sky Sports: "We know it, for a long, long time we are there at the top, close. We have done fantastic but we try, now we’ve got the cup, Old Trafford, a big challenge for us, but it was important we start these three Premier League games - Stamford Bridge, Old Trafford, then at home to Spurs - so starting winning is so important for our mood and confidence and being close to Arsenal at the top of the league."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here