The parents of Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger have hired a forensic expert to reconstruct the crime scene where four university students were brutally killed. Matthew Noedel and his team spent five hours inside the Idaho property conducting analysis on Tuesday. Noedel was seen going in and out of the home wearing white gloves with surgical covers over his shoes. The expert's specialities include crime scene reconstruction, bloodstain pattern analysis and shooting reconstruction. He writes on his website: "The evaluation and examination of bloodstains at crime scenes is often overlooked and misunderstood. "Bloodstains can exist on clothing, walls, hidden behind baseboards or under carpets. "Do not underestimate the significance of bloodstains." READ MORE: Bryan Kohberger arrives in Idaho to face murder charges  Ted Williams, a former homicide detective and attorney, told Fox News how Noedel's finding could impact the case. He said: "The fact that Bryan Kohberger's attorney has brought in private investigators to go throughout this crime scene leads me to believe that he is definitely going to mount a strong defence." It comes as Kohberger is back in Idaho, where he’s charged with four counts of first-degree murder and felony burglary. He is expected to make an initial court appearance later today. His return to the state also means sealed documents which could answer key questions will soon be released publicly. Kohberger, a 28-year-old doctoral student at Washington State University, was flown by Pennsylvania State Police to a small regional airport near the Idaho border and handed over to local authorities Wednesday evening. Uniformed law enforcement officers were waiting on the tarmac for the plane to land, and then escorted the handcuffed Kohberger to a caravan of five vehicles for the short drive from Washington across the Idaho border. The public release of court documents could shed some light on why Kohberger is accused of the November 13 stabbing deaths of Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. Kohberger was arrested at his parents’ home in eastern Pennsylvania last week and agreed to be extradited to Idaho. His attorney, Jason LaBar, said he is eager to be exonerated and described him as “an ordinary guy." The attorney said that Kohberger would be represented by the chief public defender in Idaho's Kootenai County upon his return to the state. Police have released few details about the investigation and a magistrate judge issued a sweeping gag order barring attorneys, law enforcement agencies and other officials from discussing the criminal case. Investigators have said they were still searching for a motive and the weapon used in the attack. The bodies of Goncalves, 21, of Rathdrum, Idaho; Mogen, 21, of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho; Kernodle, 20, of Post Falls, Idaho; and Chapin, 20, of Conway, Washington, were found on November 13 at the rental home where the women lived in the small college town of Moscow. Kernodle and Chapin were dating, and he had been visiting the house that night. Latah County, Idaho, prosecutors have said they believe Kohberger broke into the victims’ home intending to commit murder.