Golden Globes presenter Jerrod Carmichael stunned guests as he included a pointed reference to the elusive Shelly Miscavige in one of his skits. Ms Miscavige, the wife of Church of Scientology leader David Miscavige, has not been seen in public since 2007. Her mysterious disappearance from public life has long been at the centre of speculation about Scientology's inner mechanism, with some reportedly "terrified" of speaking out despite ongoing calls for an explanation of Ms Miscavige's whereabouts. Carmichael drew a controversial link between the Church of Scientology's first lady and notable church member Tom Cruise as part of his performance as host of the 2023 Golden Globes. Holding three awards, the presenter said: "Backstage, I found these three Golden Globe awards that Tom Cruise returned. "I have a pitch. I think maybe we take these three things and exchange them for the safe return of Shelly Miscavige." Cruise returned his three Golden Globes in 2021 to protest against the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's lack of diversity among nominees. JUST IN: Police chief rages at Harry as they order him to 'stop slagging off' William and Charles The joke was met with silence by the stunned audience, with some audible gasps heard coming from the dressed-up guests. Carmichael did not specifically mention the Church of Scientology but referencing Tom Cruise, a well-known member of the Church and a close friend of David Miscavige, in his comment allowed many to connect the dots. Dozens of celebrities have been linked to Scientology over the years, with the organisation drafting a specific programme in the mid-1990s rewarding members for recruiting Hollywood stars' support for the Church. But former Scientologists, including celebrities, have warned against associating with the organisation and have offered support to those seeking to leave. READ MORE: First Lady Jill Biden returns to White House in 'good spirits' following lesion surgery  Aftermath Foundation founder Aaron Smith-Levin insisted "fear is fading" and suggested Carmichael's joke will spark enough speculation to force Mr Miscavige to share details about his wife's whereabouts. Speaking to Newsweek, Smith-Levin said: "Tom Cruise isn't just another Scientologist, he's David Miscavige's best friend. "For decades people in entertainment media have been terrified of offending Scientology or Tom Cruise but that fear is fading. "Hopefully this exposure will force David Miscavige to allow Shelly to make a public appearance so the world can know she is alive and well." Express.co.uk has contacted the Church of Scientology and representatives for Tom Cruise for comment. DON'T MISS:White House denies 'cyber attack' as flight investigation launched [INSIGHT]Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT [POLL]Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup [REVEAL] Shelly Miscavige was last seen in public in August 2007, after reportedly filling in several job vacancies without her husband's permission, according to former Church leader Mike Rinder. Lawyers claiming to represent Ms Miscavige replied to attempts to contact her in 2012 said "that she is not missing and devotes her time to the work of the Church of Scientology." But the following year actress Leah Remini, who quit Scientology amid criticism of David Miscavige's conduct, filed a missing person report with the Los Angeles Police Department. The report was dismissed after LAPD claimed to have located Ms Miscavige, with her team branding Remini's accusations as "harassment." They added: "This is just harassment. It is a publicity stunt cooked up by a small band of unemployed fanatics who live on the fringe of the Internet."