Christopher Maloney, 45, who rose to fame in 2012 in the ninth season of X Factor, looked back on the time he “nearly died” after a scary dash to the hospital. The Celebrity Big Brother star described the excruciating pain he was left in after eating a Chinese takeaway, he claimed was contaminated with “Campylobacter E-Coli”. Christopher explained how his terrifying experience began while he was performing as Prince Charming in Cinderella at the Bradford Playhouse back in December 2019. As it was his 42nd birthday, he decided to celebrate with a night in his hotel eating a Chinese takeaway. However, choosing not to go out ended up being a “big mistake”, as the singer soon became violently ill. He said "The food was contaminated with Campylobacter E-Coli, the worst food poisoning you could contract from poultry, it can kill, and it nearly did." READ MORE: The Chase's Mark Labbett displays incredible weight loss at event Christopher continued to the ECHO: "There are just no words to explain the pain of Campylobacter E-Coli." But Christopher did not want to disappoint his fans by cancelling at short notice, so he continued to perform in the remaining shows. He explained: "Over that time I could only manage to eat one slice of pineapple and two small sips of water over two weeks. "On New Year's Eve 2019 I had a sell out show in Manchester, I couldn't cancel at last minute and let people down, so I went ahead with the show, explaining to the crowd I was feeling unwell and did my performance sitting on a stool which I have never done. “The crowd still loved it, but I knew something was seriously wrong,” Christopher added. But the illness finally caught up with the musician as he “collapsed on the pavement” outside his mum's home in Liverpool. His mother then called an ambulance, which took him to Aintree hospital, where he "spent 2 weeks in ICU and a further 2 weeks in a side room undergoing every tests, scans, ultrasounds, x-rays, you name it I had it”. The TV star continued: "I deteriorated that much the senior doctors wanted to remove my colon." DON'T MISSPiers Morgan sparks divide over 'playing the victim' remark [LATEST]Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT]Denise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' [NEWS] The illness was so severe, that Christopher said he continues to struggle with underlying health issues, including ulcerated colitis, arthritis and digestive problems. After taking some time off to recover, Christopher was finally ready to return to the stage in 2020, but the coronavirus pandemic abruptly changed his plans. Christopher rose to prominence after he was mentored by Gary Barlow in the 2012 run of the ITV hit show X Factor. In 2016, he joined Celebrity Big Brother, where he became the fifth contestant to leave the series following the public vote. The singer bid a swift farewell to his fellow housemates, including a very tearful Tiffany Pollard, before re-entering the real world. After leaving the house, Chris told CBB host Emma Willis: "That was a whirlwind, it was crazy." When asked why he thought he'd been evicted, he continued: "I'm not sure, I don't know what the public have seen... I am so glad to be out of there." Reflecting on his relationship with housemate and on/off friend Danniella Westbrook, he explained: "She's going through an emotional rollercoaster, she's getting a little bit upset. I've been there for her. She is a great girl. Good luck to her."