The Apprentice star shared his views on the soap’s new storyline that shows one of the characters being diagnosed with HIV. Zack Hudson (played by James Farrar) discovered he has the immunodeficiency virus and is currently expecting a baby with Whitney Dean (played by Shona McGarty). The story is set to explore his reaction in the aftermath of his HIV revelation and the treatment options and implications for Zack, reflecting on what it is now like to live with the virus. But some of the show’s fans were left upset after reading a tweet from Lord Sugar, 75, that portrayed an inaccurate view of an HIV diagnosis in 2023. He typed; “So Zack might be HIV positive. If he is then the baby growing inside Tiffany could also be HIV. “If Zack gets tested and he is positive, he will have to tell Tiffany, she will have to decide if to terminate the pregnancy.” (sic) READ MORE: Alex Jones quips Meghan Markle might be 'looking for a job' Fans were quick to point out that the first thing Lord Sugar got wrong was that Tiffany is not expecting Zack’s child. Secondly, fans claimed people living with HIV can and do give birth to HIV-negative children. Highlighting the inaccuracy of the TV star’s tweet, a follower reminded him: “Life with HIV is very very different now. Science is amazing.” “Being on HIV treatment, with an undetectable viral load, lowers the chances of the baby being born with HIV to just 0.1%” replied another, quoting numbers from the Terrance Higgins Trust. Amy Anzel, who starred on The Apprentice in 2021, also expressed her anger: “Ugh, seriously! Educate yourself before commenting on things you clearly know nothing about.” While another Twitter user remarked: “Is @Lord_Sugar the next person to be cancelled? What a disgusting thing to say! Why the hell would you even tweet that? “If you have no education about something….you have no right to comment!” (sic) “Disgusting,” another Twitter user blasted. DONT MISS:Lisa Marie Presley to be laid to rest at Elvis' Graceland with son (PHOTOS)Christine Lampard's beau Frank reacts as she shares rare snap of son (NEWS)Nicolas Cage breaks silence on ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley's death (LATEST It comes as EastEnders viewers have been left divided over the soap's newest storyline featuring a pregnant 12-year-old. In the New Year's Day special it was revealed that Stacey Slater's ( played by Lacey Turner) oldest child Lily Branning (played by Lilia Turner) is pregnant. After Lily was rushed to hospital following a carbon monoxide leak at the Slater's household during a New Year party, a doctor told Stacey that an ultrasound showed the youngster was expecting a child of her own. The shocking revelation comes weeks after a pregnancy test was found in the Slater house - believed at the time to belong to Whitney. One viewer took to Twitter to say: "Totally unnecessary storyline wtf - can storyline writers in Soaps not find any other stories than this? Its seriously horrendous." (sic) A second agreed: "I understand teen pregnancies happen but Lily is only 12 man. Why did Eastenders have to kick off the year with this storyline man." (sic) Another fan that isn't happy with the storyline said: "I was really hoping the Lily rumour wasn't true. Massive ick that a 12-year-old is pregnant - that's my niece's age and just the thought of that is horrendous." (sic) A representative of Lord Sugar was contacted by Express.co.uk.  