Pope Francis is often seen as a reforming Pope but what precisely has he changed? By contrast, Benedict, “God’s rottweiler”, the keeper of the doctrine, arrived and dispensed with Limbo in five minutes flat. That will mean little to those who are not Catholics but universally understood is that he dispensed with tradition when he retired. That has set a precedent and the next time a Pope retires it will be taken for granted that Popes can do that. After all, the keeper of the doctrine said it was OK after 600 years of it being unthinkable and it was accepted because he was trusted as a preserver of tradition. So it is in politics. Labour could get away with root and branch reform of the NHS but Tories would be met with cries of “privatisation!” Yet Labour, afraid of the unions, has no such plans and the Tories, afraid of public distrust, no such courage. We need a political Pope Benedict, somebody trusted with Bevan’s legacy, but who understands its utter unfitness for the times and who has the courage to change the seemingly sacrosanct. For years I have been saying that the NHS simply cannot survive in its present form and when I was Shadow Health Secretary, proposed a national debate as to what we would do if we were designing the system from scratch but knowing what we know now. That was in 1998 – 20 years later in 2018 when I was taking part in a TV series, a consultant said he expected the NHS to implode within five years. I thought we could probably eke it out for 10 years but he was right. This is the year when either government will at last perform major surgery rather than apply sticking plasters or the NHS will collapse. So where is the one who is trusted with the Health Service but who has the guts to say it needs radical change? I see him (or her) not. ITV has made a drama based on Labour MP John Stonehouse and his faking of his own death in 1974. I doubt if it will play much of a part but the aspect of the affair that I remember now is the restrained and indeed compassionate approach of the political establishment. He was not expelled from the Labour Party and continued as an MP for quite a while. Today that would be unthinkable and the bray of condemnation would be overpowering. I can even remember the Sunday Express, hardly a Harold Wilson supporter, commenting approvingly on Mary Wilson’s kind action in speaking to Stonehouse at the party conference when everybody else was ignoring him. We were, of course, then a Christian society. Is nothing sacred? First it was Johnson’s baby powder and now it is Kiwi shoe polish, which we will no longer find in UK shops. In the latter case it really does seem to be a question of supply and demand, as informal footwear takes over and the trainer reigns supreme. As such sartorial decline is not universal, I suspect Kiwi polish will be available on Amazon for a long time to come but I shall still stock up as I did with 100-watt lightbulbs and the aforementioned baby powder. Meanwhile, I have visions of trainer-clad bankers strutting through the City and guards changing at Buckingham Palace with dusty, unpolished boots. O tempora! O mores! Should I stock up on brushes as well? Asleef, the train drivers’ union, wants to ban trains on hot days. They say it is not fair that their drivers have to work in hot cabs. The train companies say that to install air-conditioning would push up ticket prices. Er... Does anybody remember the days of fresh air? Before windows were totally sealed in the interests of health and safety? PS. Fresh air is free. Britain is over-governed, over-managed and over-nannied. Our bureaucracy is bloated, as are both Houses of Parliament. We are controlled by form-filling, targets and rulebooks. Our opinions and speech are monitored by self-appointed witch-hunters, backed up by an establishment which is sometimes merely supine and sometimes actively complicit. Our history is being rewritten and children are being brainwashed into believing that only that version is right. They are being taught that people in past centuries should have thought as we do and that if they didn’t, their statues and portraits should be removed and they should be written out of our national story. All that makes this country bearable comes from the nature which has endured for millennia: birdsong, mighty trees, hedgerows, rolling vistas, though we are messing those up pretty quickly too. That many successful young people share a profession with their parents has nothing to do with nepotism but everything to do with upbringing. Imagine, say, the Mills family, or the Foxes. When their children were acting scenes from plays or taking off what they heard in the ad breaks, the natural parental reaction would have been to suggest improvements and show them how. So by their teens they had mastered techniques unknown to amateurs. That is not exactly rocket science. Well, that’s it for another year. The decorations are down, the tinsel sent to the attic, the fridge is full of leftovers, the family departed, the wrapping paper crammed into the bin, the year number changed, the resolutions formed. And in 12 months’ time it will all start over again. Merry Christmas! Or bah, humbug?