The Duchess of Sussex has been called out for "playing the victim" by charity founder and investigative journalist, Marjorie Wallace. Speaking on Rachel Johnson's Difficult Women podcast, Ms Wallace opened up about what she thought of the 41-year-old making the decision to discuss that she developed suicidal thoughts while in the Royal Family in the Netflix docu-series, Harry and Meghan. Speaking on the podcast, Ms Wallace said: "I don't like victimhood and I've never played it myself." While discussing the Duchess of Sussex, she said: "I don't think playing the victim card helps, whatever you're the victim of. "I don't really respect people who take victimhood on as a career." She added: "You've got to find ways of living with whatever disability or disadvantage you have." The veteran journalist, who was a close confidant of the Earl of Snowden for more than 40 years, said everyone "whether they're privileged or they're poor" has troubles in their lives. READ MORE: Prince Andrew to use HRH titles again after 'reaching understanding' with King Charles Meghan tearfully opened up about having had suicidal thoughts as a member of the Royal Family during her, and Prince Harry's, interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. The 41-year-old told Oprah she "couldn't be left alone", and revealed that she told her husband, Prince Harry, she "didn't want to be alive anymore". In the interview, she also revealed that Buckingham Palace HR department ignored her plea for help because she wasn't a "paid employee". Meghan told Oprah: "I knew that if I didn't say it, that I would do it. I just didn't want to be alive anymore. "And that was a very clear and real and frightening constant thought." READ MORE: William should make a statement in a 'regal manner' to 'humiliate the Sussexes' Speaking about opening up to Harry, she said: "I remember how he just cradled me. "I said that I needed to go somewhere to get help. I said that 'I've never felt this way before, and I need to go somewhere'. And I was told that I couldn't, that it wouldn't be good for the institution". Meghan also revealed that after telling Harry about her struggles, she was forced to go to the Royal Albert Hall for a charity event in January 2019. Speaking over photographs from that night, she said that the photos "haunt me". DON'T MISS Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  [REVEAL] Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [INSIGHT] William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [SPOTLIGHT] Former editor of The Daily Star Dawn Neesom previously slammed Meghan over her comments in one episode of her spodcast series, which was released in 2022. Meghan claimed that she disliked being called "lucky" for marrying Prince Harry. Speaking of the Duchess' comments, he said: "Meghan managed to turn everything into victimhood, doesn’t she? "I think this is less about misogyny and less about gender, and more about marrying an eligible person, whether they are male or female." The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.