Kate Middleton's parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, purchased their home in 2012 but in recent years, they transformed the property into a luxurious countryside mansion. Kate's sister, Pippa Middleton, chose the gorgeous house to host her wedding reception in 2017. Carole Middleton's home is a Grade II-listed Georgian property that has seven bedrooms, a drawing room, a library and 18 acres of land. The house also has two living rooms boasting nude colour decor mixed with some traditional features such as armchairs of fireplaces. Their kitchen has a large wooden table and a beautiful conservatory with floor-to-ceiling windows. The couple reportedly bought the house for £4.7million after selling their Oak Acre property, where the Princess of Wales grew up, for around £1.5million. READ MORE: Harry & Meghan's £11million Santa Barbara home even has thrones  The family have occasionally shared a few pictures of the house on social media, especially during the pandemic when they spent a lot of time there. Kate's brother James Middleton filmed a video of himself shaving his beard at the Middleton's home when he was staying there with his wife Alizee Thevenet. The footage showed a cute patio with a grey outdoor dining table and various bushes with flowers. Carole talked about her favourite room of the house in a recent interview saying: "My kitchen. It's a kitchen/dining/sitting room and it's the heart of the house. "I love a kitchen supper where I have a small number of guests. I'll cook something delicious and I make it look lovely, then we'll finish with a kitchen disco," she told Good Housekeeping. Kate's mum explained that the open-plan area makes the kitchen a perfect spot for them to host parties. The 18 acres surrounding the property include stunning gardens for the children, Prince George, Charlotte and Louis to play, a tennis court and a swimming pool. It is reported William and Kate spend Boxing Day with the Middletons every year after celebrating Christmas with the rest of the Royal Family in Sandringham. READ MORE: Three houseplants that remove condensation - & 'prevent mould growth' Berkshire can be the perfect option for those looking for a tranquil and idyllic place to live. The county has beautiful spots for residents to enjoy such as Black Park and Basildon Park. Some people described Basildon Park as a "beautiful house and garden, a "wonderful" place to visit with "fabulous grounds". The 18th-century Georgian mansion is surrounded by glorious parkland and locals are welcome to visit the spot to walk around or exercise on the weekends. Berkshire is also very close to Windsor, where most of the Royal Family live, in Windsor Castle. Property site Rightmove stated that the majority of sales in Berkshire during last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £387,296. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £479,521, with detached properties fetching £809,554. Berkshire, with an overall average price of £485,611, was similar in terms of sold prices to Oxfordshire (£477,600) and Buckinghamshire (£509,245). The most expensive area in Berkshire is Cookham Dean, with an average price of £2,266,560, and the cheapest was Lambourn, where houses sell for £329,218, Rightmove revealed.