Prince Harry's new memoir titled 'Spare' will reportedly be so critical of the Royal Family that he and his brother Prince William's relationship could be irreversibly strained, according to a royal source. A source with knowledge of the book has claimed Harry's memoir could be worse for the Royal Family than they expect. Speaking to the Sunday Times, they said: "Generally, I think the book [will be] worse for them than the Royal Family is expecting. "Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. "There are these minute details and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this." The source also claimed Harry's anger suggests he is still grappling with the loss of his mother, Princess Diana, when he was a young boy. They continued: "The overall impression is that this is a man who has never recovered from the trauma of his mother dying so young, and then along comes Meghan and he projects onto her a parallel with Diana." Royal expert, Ingrid Seward, also spoke to the newspaper about Harry's focus on Diana in the book. She says the publishers, Penguins Random House, will be pleased the former Princess of Wales features so heavily. She said: "He’s got a very good ghost who will write well about feelings, and I think it’s totally fair that Harry should talk about his mother, because everybody else in the world has and they’ve sort of taken her over. "The publisher will know that Diana sells. And you don’t have to say too much — because whatever he says is coming from him." READ MORE: Prince Louis plays vital role in 'humanising' Royal Family Literary publicist Dotti Irving believes that the Royal Family is "very cleverly saying nothing" because there is "nothing to be gained from washing the royal family linen in public." With sources claiming that Harry is set to take aim at William and Kate, it appears the brothers' relationship is on the verge of a complete collapse. Speaking to the Daily Mail, a royal source has claimed that William and Harry's relationship is "hanging by a thread" after the Sussexes' recent criticism of the royals. They said: "Things are hanging by a thread as it is after the past few months, and from the sounds of it Harry's memoir is unlikely to help." Another source told The Sun: "It will reveal Harry’s bitterness and feelings of unfairness that by the nature of hierarchy and birthright that he always played second fiddle to older William." DON'T MISSDoctor shares tea contains 'cancer-fighting antioxidants' [INSIGHT]Harry in savage attack on Firm for keeping Sussexes as 'villains' [ANALYSIS]Prince George's snap confirmed Harry and Meghan not needed [INSIGHT] Harry's memoir will be released on January 10, just a month after he and Meghan spoke openly about their grievances in their Netlfix series called 'Harry and Meghan'. In the run-up to the book's release, Harry has also done two interviews with CBS in the US and ITV in the UK. Speaking to the US broadcaster, Harry claims "there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife." In a teaser for his ITV interview, he is heard talking about his father King Charles and brother William. He said: "I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back."