A mysterious La Liga player was seen donning a mask while appearing in Gerard Pique’s new seven-a-side football league in Spain after being banned from playing in the tournament by his club. Pique has launched the Kings League following his retirement from the game after spending 14-and-a-half years with Barcelona. The Kings League began at the start of the year, with 12 teams of 12 players taking part. According to ESPN the first 10 players were picked via a draft, which was streamed live on Twitch in December, with the two remaining players on each team made up of ex-professionals or current professionals. Matches, which last 40 minutes, take place every Sunday and kick-off in a similar style to water polo, where players start on their own goal line before racing to the ball in the middle of the pitch when the buzzer sounds. There are offsides, unlimited substitutions and sin bins for yellow and red cards. Each team can request one VAR decision per match but can turn to VAR again if they are successful in their initial appeal. And if games are drawn, they are settled by an alternative ice hockey style penalty shootout, with players running in on goal from the halfway line. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    When XBUYER TEAM kicked off their game against Kunisports at the weekend, the masked player took his place in the team. The player was nicknamed Enigma and had to conceal his identity because his club and agent hadn’t given him permission to be involved. Ahead of the match, Pique had taken to Twitter to reveal Enigma would be playing. “Primera Division (La Liga) footballer under the age of 30 will play wearing a Mexican wrestling mask to hide his face and long sleeves to cover tattoos,” the ex-defender wrote. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks   The mystery player was shown arriving in a chauffeured car and already dressed in his costume. He was seen meeting his team-mates and warming up, with fans on social media trying to guess his identity. But he was unable to help his team get the result they were looking for as Kunisports won the match 1-0. The Kunisports president is Manchester City hero Sergio Aguero, with Real Madrid legend Iker Casillas also assuming the same role for another team. And former Manchester United striker Javier ‘Chicharito’ Hernandez was the biggest star on show at the weekend as he turned out for Porcinos. After Porcinos’ defeat, the current LA Galaxy player said: “I like the interaction with the fans and the rules. That's what it's all about. Gerard is someone that dares to innovate and follow through on things that people maybe are scared to do.” 