Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has confirmed Darwin Nunez's injury isn't 'major' but admitted he was awaiting more information on his condition. The Reds boss also revealed whether he plans to delve back into the January transfer market to bolster his squad before the deadline. Liverpool travel to Brighton and Hove Albion tomorrow afternoon, looking to respond to their 3-1 humbling at Brentford last time out in the Premier League. But Nunez isn't expected to be involved after scoring his 10th goal of the season in last weekend's 2-2 FA Cup third-round draw against Wolverhampton Wanderers. The Uruguay forward has been absent from training over the last few days with an unspecified injury. And Klopp has confirmed that while he doesn't believe it's serious, he's awaiting more information. He told reporters: "We are waiting for info. Not a major one, but it kept him out of training, so we'll wait for that." The German coach added that he'd been handed a boost by James Milner's return to training, with Stefan Bajcetic also expected to return today. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But he revealed that Roberto Firmino had suffered a setback in his injury recovery, ruling him out for the foreseeable future. "Milner trained yesterday, back in normal training today. Firmino not. Bajcetic back today," Klopp said. "At first, it was estimated 10-14 days out [for Firmino]. Then Bobby felt something again to prolong it. He's not close to team training." Cody Gakpo is in line to make his second Liverpool start at the Amex Stadium after joining in a £35million deal this month. When asked whether the Anfield giants would be active in the final weeks of the January transfer window, Klopp admitted he didn't think so because he can't solve his injury problems by spending money. DON'T MISS: Arsenal and Shakhtar reach 'one agreement' after latest Mudryk offer He explained: "I don't think so [any more signings]. I talk about it because you ask, but my job is to use the boys we have. No problem. "I like the teams who line up. We cannot solve all problems in the transfer market. In a dreamland, you just buy players." After Brighton, Liverpool face two trips to Wolves in their next three games - one an FA Cup third-round replay after their stalemate on Merseyside - with the visit of Chelsea sandwiched between them. Klopp's side will be keen to enter a winning run sooner rather than later, currently sitting in seventh, seven points behind Manchester United in fourth. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here