Netflix series Fauda arrived globally earlier this month with audiences binging the drama around the world. The new series features 12 episodes which were available as a boxset on the streaming service. Alongside lead Doron Kavillio (played by Lior Raz), Fauda introduced some new characters to the story. One character was Shani Russo, portrayed by Israeli actress Inbar Lavi, who has had many roles before joining Fauda. The 36-year-old actress has previously appeared in Lucifer in the role of Eve. She has also featured in Imposters, The Last Ship, Prison Break and Gang Related. Some of her most recent roles include Eight Gifts of Hanukkah, Stumptown and Sorry for Your Loss. READ MORE: Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim According to IMDb, she will next be starring in Vronika in the title role which is in post-production. Additionally, Lavi will be making an appearance in Black Diamond which is also in post-production. She was born and grew up in Ramat Gan, Israel and was inspired to start acting by Israeli-American actress Natalie Portman and her performance in Léon: The Professional. The star started out studying ballet and modern dance, before going on to train in acting. READ MORE: Fauda fans were left on a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 4 Lavi moved to New York in 2004 and appeared in Off-Broadway productions and eventually got a scholarship to the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. She went on to have small roles in Criminal Minds, Entourage, The Closer, CSI: Miami and Privileged. The star had roles in the movies Underground, Getting That Girl, Dirty Money, House of Dust and Immigrants. Her big breakthrough role was in the TV series Underemployed, leading to more parts in film and television. READ MORE: Here's a look at the stars joining the new series of Fauda Speaking about her role in Fauda, Lavi said: “So, this season I play Shani Russo, who’s a new-old-comer for the team.” She added in the video from the Half Indian - Half Israeli YouTube channel: “She comes in to kind of give them back up. “I can’t say too much about her but I’m already in love with her and I hope you guys dig her too.” More recently, Lavi shared some behind-the-scenes snaps from shooting on Fauda including a shot of her and co-star Raz getting sprayed with water in between takes. DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [SPOILERS]My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss [PICTURES]  Lavi also shared another shot as Russo as she paid tribute to the real-life Israeli Defense Forces.  Adding in her post: "These are your stories, we’re just telling them.” Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now