Kirstie Allsopp, 51, shares sons Bay Atlas, 16, and Oscar Hercules,14, with her husband Ben Anderson, as well as two step-children from his previous relationship. On Twitter today, she asked her followers if it would make a “difference” if children no longer did homework, as she admitted “regretting” making her kids do extra work after school. Kirstie initially typed: “Question, real question, not reason for abuse, please. How much difference would it make to a teacher’s working day if the Gov said, ‘From now on homework is reading only, no more written homework that needs marking etc?’"(sic) She then retweeted one of her followers who replied saying: “I don’t like homework at all, I’m 73 and my Dad wouldn’t let us do homework, he said they’ve had you for seven hours already, no more! “I was not pushy about it with my kids, except poss exams! Definitely not infants or junior schools!”(sic) In response, Kirstie lamented: “One of the greatest regrets of my life is that I didn’t do this for my kids. “The tears, the time together lost, for many families homework causes real, daily unhappiness to no good end,” she added. When one follower asked how teachers would be able to assess students, she replied: "Don’t want to cause a pile on David, but homework as a way of assessing a student?! "Are you mad? Do you have any idea how much is done by parents, including GCSE coursework?" @Iest_ntfc remarked: “I personally enjoy spending time with my children helping with homework. "If I didn't then I'd have no idea what they were learning at school. “As with everything it needs to be in moderation. A couple of hours a week is ok for me and them." Kirstie then quipped: "Dear God, Give me the strength to be polite and kind to all the people about to tell me their children love homework." It comes after Kirstie - well known for her work on the hit show Location, Location, Location - hit back at claims that fame is "miserable" in an article for The Telegraph. DONT MISS:Kendall Jenner displays ample assets as she steps out in sheer dress (PHOTOS)Piers Morgan says 'I've become a father again' (NEWS)Holly Willoughby 'calls out' Emma Bunton for a 'fight' (LATEST) Kirstie insisted that being famous "oils the wheels" and means that middle-aged women don't "disappear" as she reflected on her fame. Kirstie said being in the public eye has its own perks as she discussed the worldwide fame of the Royal Family and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. "There is an oft-whinged-about mantra that being famous is miserable. "I will tell you what – and hold on to your hats here, petals – it's not," she began. "I hate to be so un-British, and probably common, but being famous makes life easier, not harder. "Actors like to say that it is all about the art and the fame is an unhappy side-effect, but for the most part that is a load of twaddle." She went on to reflect on her career and early days at Channel 4. Kirstie added that people are friendlier all around when you're in the limelight, and said that women don't "disappear" in "middle-age".