Signing up for their local GP practice, booking a dentist appointment, making a will, and even sorting out insurance policies, are among the tasks currently being put off. It also emerged one in four (24 percent) have experienced problems when the paperwork piles up, including stress (33 percent) and worsening health (20 percent). What’s more, 19 percent have even let their insurance policy run out, resulting in them getting caught by not being covered when they needed it. A fifth also believe the amount of tasks on their to-do lists has increased over the past 12 months. Katie Wadey, from Simplyhealth, which commissioned the research, said: “It is worrying to see that one in four have experienced problems, such as stress and worsening health, as a result of putting off admin tasks. “We are currently facing a number of challenges, with the cost-of-living crisis, energy costs, and NHS pressure – coupled with admin tasks increasing, it can feel overwhelming. “Our findings show that for a fifth of Brits, the amount of admin they are required to do has increased in the past year.” The study also found the average adult who lets things pile up will spend three months putting off what’s on their to-do-list. On reflection, almost half (46 percent) of all those polled wish they were taught how to complete common life admin tasks during their school years. And sadly, 74 percent don’t have someone they are able to turn to for help when they need it. Of those who do, their partner is the person they would always go to, with mums and dads also high on the help list. Nearly four in ten would like more available assistance for when needing to complete certain admin tasks, and 40 percent are more likely to do it successfully if they can do it online or via an app. But the study, carried out via OnePoll, found that while 48 percent don’t enjoy doing it, when it’s done, 89 percent are left feeling satisfied. Katie Wadey added: “We understand that more needs to be done to break down barriers to good dental and health care, and that’s why we are focused on simple and fast solutions that enable people to manage their health. “Our health and dental plans cut through the red tape, freeing up more time for the important things in life – providing affordable and accessible healthcare for all.”