Unfortunately, busy lifestyles and more pressing concerns often mean giving your oven a good scrub from time to time is rarely a priority. But with it being one of the most-used appliances in the kitchen, it's only a matter of time before oil, grease and other cooking build-ups leave you with unsightly brown stains on your glass oven door. Dirty oven glass not only makes the appliance look really unattractive, but it can sometimes make food taste funny so it should be cleaned as soon as possible. If your once-gleaming oven now looks like a rubbish tip cast-off, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their top oven glass cleaning tips. Taking to a Mrs Hinch inspired cleaning page with 250,000 members, one woman wanted to know how to clean her oven door glass. Posting a photo of the glass removed from the oven and covered in dark brown stains, Hannah Manifold said: “How do I get this off the oven door, it’s caked-on?” Whilst your first thought may be to grab the scourer and scrub the stains off of the glass, this should be avoided as this can leave nasty scratches on the surface. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ oil stains from your driveway with 47p item Instead cleaning enthusiasts in the comments section recommended using a dishwasher tablet. Lucy Cotton replied: “Don't use wire wool as this scratches the glass. Use a wet dishwasher tablet instead.” Tracy Hodgkinson said: “Use a hard dishwasher tablet (not a liquid pod) and rub it on. It will come off so easily.” Nic Wilkinson wrote: “Dishwasher tablet, covered by a hot wet cloth, no pressure needed. Go round in circles and come back, it'll be done in no time.” DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [TIPS]February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [INSIGHT] Ali Bunting said: “Dishwasher tablet (the chalky ones, not liquid), keep the plastic wrapper on it and rub the door hard with it. Wipe it down afterwards with a damp microfibre cloth.” Dianne Cox commented: “Don’t use anything abrasive. It can cause tiny little cuts in the glass and could shatter when it gets hot. Rubbing it off with a dishwasher tablet is the best thing to do.” Christine Hamilton replied: “Easy, mine was the same, wet a dishwasher tablet, rub it on the glass and it comes up like new.” Wendy Scott advised: “Buy a cheap dishwasher tablet, dip in water then rub. It only takes two minutes, no hassle at all.” READ MORE: Five ‘common’ living room mistakes to ‘avoid’ - ‘don't do it’ Julie Wyton recommended: “Dishwasher tablet, keep dipping in warm water and rubbing. It worked a treat on mine.” Anita Coates suggested: “Dampen a dishwasher tablet and rub it over the glass. The grease comes off a treat.” Judith Robson added: “I use a dishwashing tablet just wet it and rub. Rinse off with kitchen towel as it's a bit messy.” To use a dishwasher tablet to clean oven glass, begin by dipping the tablet into warm water, you can then rub it on the surface of the glass door. It also helps to remove burnt-on grime from oven racks and trays. Dishwasher tablets are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent and promise to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling. So it makes sense that those powerful cleaning agents work on oven grease and food stains as well, especially since the tablets promise to remove baked-on food which is something your oven will definitely have. Plus, the hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface that helps to scour away those stuck-on stains but is gentle enough not to scratch the oven glass. The best bit is dishwasher tablets aren't that expensive as a pack of 30 can be purchased from Asda for £1.34. This works out as 5p per tablet. Britons can also buy the powder tablets from Wilko for a pack of 40 for £3.