Chelsea have plenty of alternative options on their radar if they can't secure one of Graham Potter's top three midfield targets in 2023. The Blues are expected to complete a marquee midfield signing in January or the summer and have a stacked wishlist to select from. Chelsea have been heavily linked with Jude Bellingham, Enzo Fernandez and Declan Rice in recent months. However, Bellingham and Rice are the subjects of interest from other heavyweight suitors and won't be going anywhere until the summer, when interest will peak. There is also a hesitance to trigger Fernandez's £105million release clause this month, despite the Young Player of the World Cup's desire to arrive at Stamford Bridge. That said, if the Londoners are unsuccessful in their interest in all three, four more enticing options that won't demand as large a chunk out of Todd Boehly's wallet have emerged. According to The Athletic, Chelsea are interested in signing Fernandez's Argentina team-mate Alexis MacAllister after his impressive World Cup-winning exploits in Qatar. He is ready to leave Brighton and Hove Albion if the right opportunity arises, with his stock higher than ever. READ MORE: Man Utd’s stance on Joao Felix transfer amid 'expensive' problem'  But though Chelsea deem him a £35m to £40m player, the Seagulls value him at £60m, which would pose a testing hurdle to overcome. The Blues are also eyeing MacAllister's Brighton buddy Moises Caicedo, who has also attracted interest from Liverpool and Manchester United. Southampton's 18-year-old talent Romeo Lavia is also on Chelsea's radar after Thomas Tuchel enquired about his availability in the summer, just months after he joined from Manchester City in a £14m deal. Ajax midfielder Edson Alvarez could also return to the agenda after Chelsea failed with a £43m pursuit in the summer. DON'T MISS: Best XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreements  The Mexico international was said to be desperate to follow team-mates Lisandro Martinez and Antony by making a Premier League move. However, Ajax refused a deal after losing the crucial duo, among others, and would be difficult to negotiate with midway through the season, too. Potter will hope to refresh his midfield ahead of his first full season in charge of Chelsea, with Jorginho and N'Golo Kante's contracts expiring in July. It would be a surprise if both were to leave, but Potter is likely keen to bring the age of his squad down regardless. And a young midfielder looks to be his preferred way of doing that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here