But now help is at hand for the military children so often forced to pay the price for Army, Navy and Air Force life. More than 600 military children aged four to 17 are to have a chance for therapy sessions with specially-trained clinicians following the rollout of a new scheme by the charity Little Troopers.  Those as young as five will benefit from one-to-one sessions, while teenagers will be able to access local group meetings with their peers. The new initiative - which is receiving National Lottery funding - is the brainwave of the charity’s founder. Louise Fetigan, and was borne of her experiences in trying to raise a daughter while she and her husband pursued army careers. “This has been a long time brewing,” said Louise. “Both my husband Tony and I joined the army as teenagers and we met while serving with 26 Regiment Royal Artillery in Kosovo. “They were challenging times. By 2010, when our daughter Maddison was seven, we were based in Germany and Tony was on his third Afghanistan tour, and had already done three Iraq tours. That’s when Maddison wrote a heartbreaking letter we found showing his much she was struggling. “She’s 19 now and at university, but she went to nine schools and even had to change in the middle of the GSCEs.” While some military children cope without difficulty, for others the regular cycle of moving home and seeing parents deployed constant moves lead to anxiety and a feeling that they don't belong. So serious did things become for Madison that she even applied for therapy on the NHS’ CAMS (Collaborative Assessment and Management of Suicidality) scheme - only to be told there was an 18-month waiting list.   Louise scoured England for therapists with experience of military families, but found “nothing out there for military children to give them context and help them understand deployment, moving schools and being a part of a military family.” Now the charity is training hundreds of therapists around England to better understand. There are around 100,000 military children in the UK and, while it is now the norm for families to have two working and busy parents, the challenges of a military life are unique. Reliance on the armed forces is deepening, with an increasing dependency on the armed forces to fill in the gaps during civil emergencies while foreign threats escalate - and all while overall numbers are shrinking. This has seen the drumbeat of deployments quicken. Domestic examples for the Army include units being forced to sacrifice leave to provide cover during the Covid pandemic and strike action over Christmas. With navy deployments sometimes extending to nine months at a stretch, operational tours also provide challenges in communicating with loved ones. “Anyone can deal with a single six-month absence - the difference here is that deployments are often repeated and sometimes concurrent, and that’s what makes it really difficult," said Louise.   "A child can’t pick up the school after a great day at school and phone mum or dad. "When a service person goes away, they are forced to hand in SIM cards and become reliant on intermittent WiFi. Submariners - we have been approached by many - are limited to 60-word Familygrams." And challenges don’t stop when service personnel return home. “Parents coming back into their families after a deployment often need to learn how to communicate with them again," she added. The Ministry of Defence has traditionally relied on the Continuity of Education Allowance (CEA), which provides 90 per cent of boarding school fees, to overcome these hurdles. But this still leaves the balance, as well as costs for uniforms and extracurricular activities, which many forces' families simply cannot afford. Louise launched the charity in 2011, and in 2018 scored a hit with the Little Troopers at School scheme, where schools would be given resources and hold workshops.  While this received funding under the Armed Forces Covenant, the newest scheme was not so fortunate, but did secure two-years of National Lottery funding. “The National Lottery has given us £65,000 which is fantastic and will allow us to provide therapy for 600 children over the next two years," said Louise. “But 600 children is just a drop in the bucket. We could do that tenfold. We have already reached 500 - it was overwhelming - and we’ve had to temporarily close applications. ”Our hope is that the high demand will help to convince Armed Forces Covenant Trust or perhaps even the MoD to consider continuing and even expanding the funding in two years' time. "These are not large amounts - it won’t break the defence bank to continue a workable project which helps military children.” https://www.littletroopers.net  