Empire of Light has thrilled audiences in the few weeks it has been out in cinemas. Set in the coastal town of Margate, the movie follows Hilary Small, a manager at a local cinema - the Empire - as she journeys through life's ups and downs. Along the way, she builds a powerful relationship with Stephen, while navigating her other relationships with her co-workers. Olivia Colman fronts the cast and is one of many block-busting actors involved in the picture. Olivia Colman takes on the role of Hilary Small in Empire of Light. As the leading actor in the movie, she is seen on the big screen for most of the picture. As a Norwich local, Colman's journey to Margate was not too far from her hometown. During filming, Colman was reportedly "critical" of some of the film's sex scenes. It is reported she thought they were not "necessary to advance the plot". Colman made a name for herself starring in Netflix Royals show The Crown, as well as earning a Best Actress Oscar in 2018's The Favourite. Stephen is Hilary's sort-of lover in Empire of Light. The young character is played by Michael Ward, who some viewers may have seen him star in Netflix's action movie The Old Guard opposite Charlize Theron. He also had a main role in Top Boy as Jamie from season three to season four. Ward starred in 2019's Blue Story, which was directed by British rapper Rapman. The picture received critical acclaim and earned Ward the BAFTA Rising Star Award for his performance. British legend Colin Firth takes on the role of Donald Ellis in Empire of Light. He is the man Hilary is having an affair with at work, leaving her feeling guilty and suffering further from her schizophrenia diagnosis. Firth has starred in countless films over the years, including Mary Poppins Returns, the Kingsman series, and 1917 - which was also helmed by Empire of Light's director Sam Mendes. Firth and Colman previously appeared on screen together in the 2021 movie Mothering Sunday. Another British acting legend involve in Empire of Light is Toby Jones, the star behind Norman, the Empire cinema's projectionist. The character is pivotal in the picture, as he introduces Hilary to the film Being There, (hopefully) the beginning of her recovery from mental illness. Empire of Light is in cinemas now.