Silent Witness’ 26th series is coming to an end with the first part of the final story airing on Monday evening. BBC viewers watched as Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) grew even closer as they tried to tackle a difficult case. Part one of the episode, titled Southbay, saw forensic scientist Jack get entangled in a complex investigation where he ends up being pitted against his former mentor.Elsewhere in the show, Nikki and the Lyell team are working to unveil the corruption within a local jurisdiction.However, as they dive deeper into the investigation, it becomes clear nothing is as it seems.Although it was one scene in particular between Jack and Dr Nikki that stole the show with many demanding bosses give them more of the same content. READ MORE:Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim After a long period of uncertainty on whether or not the two colleagues will explore their feelings, the duo finally decided to give it a go in series 24.It looks as though the new relationship is still going strong as they shared an endearing moment at the end of Southbay's first episode.As Jack told Nikki he was heading home after feeling the effects of a long night, the doctor told her new beau she was staying to carry on the investigation.Putting an arm around her, Jack leaned in for a kiss as he said his goodbyes, although the moment sent viewers into a frenzy with many loving the on-screen romance. Trustno1Walker wrote: “A kiss and I love yous in one episode. I'm not used to this, but I love it. Gimme more.”Mel_str1819 added: “I'm at breaking point over this, they are everything."Tegan_evelyn commented: “Jakki is everything and more. They are literal soulmates. This episode was everything I could have ever wanted and more. Can't believe we only have one episode left.”TeaWithEmilia said: “I was surprised Nikki wasn't at the retirement do with Jack since they are a couple…but happy we got 'I love yous' on the phone and a little #jakki kiss!!!" DON'T MISS... Love Island fans warn Lana to ‘run’ as Ron admits being a 'player' [REACTION] Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words [VIDEO] Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [STRICTLY] Twitter user SilentWitness23 added: “They are finally acting like a proper couple and it's adorable #Jakki #silentwitness #truelove #kiss.”Keepuphodgson commented: “THERE IS NO WAY WE’VE HAD AN I LOVE YOU AND KISS IN ONE EP WHAT THE #silentwitness.”Although viewers have seen Emilia Fox star in the BBC drama for over a decade, it looks as though the actress has no plans to step down from the role.Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “I never expected to still be playing Nicki Alexander 18 years later, but I still love the show as much as when I first started on it. “So, it's really thanks to the loyal fans of Silent Witness and the enthusiasm for the show means that it is still [being] made."And I love it, and if audiences love it, and then hopefully it will carry on being made but you never know.”A synopsis for the final part of Southbay reads: “The Lyell unveil corruption within the local jurisdiction and the local CID are in disarray as evidence mounts against the accused officer.”Silent Witness is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.