Novak Djokovic's ongoing refusal to be vaccinated against Covid could be set to cost him his chance of returning to two major tournaments in America this year. The saga surrounding the 21-time Grand Slam champion became an explosive one last year, with him starting 2022 by being deported home from Victoria just a day before the Australian Open began. He also later missed the US Open, due to the travel restrictions in place for unvaccinated visitors. But he wasn't just absent from the Grand Slam tournament in America, also having to withdraw from Indian Wells and the Miami Masters for the same reason. Initially, it appeared he wouldn't face such problems in 2023, despite him still not being jabbed. He is currently down under preparing for the first Slam of the year after immigration minister Andrew Giles revoked his three year visa ban. But his hopes of returning to the US appear to have been temporarily scuppered after authorities opted to extend the requirement for overseas visitors to be fully vaccinated against Covid. The Serbian star has continually insisted he will not alter his stance simply to play in tennis tournaments. JUST IN: Boris Becker lands new job weeks after prison release with Australian Open role James Gray, sports journalist for the iPaper, tweeted: "Looks like bad news for Novak Djokovic as the US extends its vaccine requirement on entry until 10 April. Would appear to rule him out of Indian Wells and Miami." The BNP Paribas Open at the famous venue, where Djokovic has won a record equalling five times, is scheduled to get started on March 6. Players will then head straight into the Miami event, with the action in that tournament getting underway on March 19. DON'T MISS:Andy Murray's 2023 starts with disappointment as Brit loses to Sebastian Korda in AdelaideRafael Nadal's doctor gives Australian Open fitness update after worst start to seasonEmma Raducanu reviews work with ex-Andy Murray coach in honest fitness admission The world No 5 is currently playing in the Adelaide International as he builds towards his return at Melbourne Park. And there seems to be no ill-feeling towards him from 2022, with the icon afforded a hero's welcome in his opening match. Many Serbian flags lined the stands and he stayed behind afterwards to sign autographs and pose for pictures with fans. His next clash is against Quentin Halys in the last-16 of the singles event on Thursday morning.