In that spirit, here are some suggestions it'd be good for Rishi Sunak to get on with - to give the Tories a fighting chance of reconnecting with voters. There's no easy solution to the NHS crisis. But there is one glaring problem: the terrible shortage of doctors. Just to get us to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) average we would need another 45,000. As a result, the NHS in England spends an astonishing £3billion on locums each year, meaning we effectively steal doctors from developing countries. It is unethical and mad. We must urgently expand the number of medical school places to train our own doctors. But we have a national network of highly qualified medics operating beyond GP surgeries and hospitals - who, compared with continental equivalents, are asked to do next to nothing of which they are capable? Of course, I am talking about pharmacists. Since the NHS was founded in 1948 they have been the Cinderella of health care, a ridiculously wasted amenity. With the NHS under ever greater pressure, it is ridiculous that pharmacies are not integrated more into the system to ease pressures elsewhere. Meanwhile, the dream of a home-owning democracy was once within reach for everyone, with an ever-rising number of younger people joining the housing ladder. In 1993, just 16 percent of 25-44-year-olds rented. Today that figure is 44 percent, as average house prices have risen from 3.9 times the average wage to nine times. The lack of affordable housing is the single greatest policy failure of recent decades. The answer: build more. But many councils are reluctant to build where needed. If the Tories want the slightest chance of future support from "Generation Rent" they need to act - and the PM must back compulsory building targets. It comes as we are in the middle of, in effect, a General Strike. Militant unions are coordinating to inflict maximum damage, in some cases for political not industrial reasons. Not all unions are the same - nurses just want a fair settlement. But some workers should simply not be able to bring Britain to a halt. The Government must outlaw certain types of industrial action - such as on the railways. In return, an independent wage body should have the power to dictate pay in those industries. Two years ago, the Government appointed William Shawcross, former chair of the Charity Commission, to look at the effectiveness of the Prevent strategy, which seeks to deradicalise extremists. His report has been ready for months, but delayed by Whitehall rows. Nothing better illustrates the issue unearthed (according to leaks) by Mr Shawcross - that even after awful attacks such as 9/11, 7/7, and the Manchester Arena murders, too many in positions of authority refuse to give the fight against Islamist extremism the priority it needs. The report should be published immediately and be the catalyst for a fundamentally more serious approach to the issue. Elsewhere, the Scottish government's Gender Recognition Bill has focused attention on one of the most dangerous campaigns for years. Under it, any Scot can assert their gender to be treated as such officially. Self-identification destroys the vital idea of safe spaces for women (those who do not have a penis). Domestic violence shelters, for example, will have to allow biological men in if they say they are female. Too few serious political figures oppose the idea as the advocates of this ideology are so vocally aggressive. Enough: it is time this extreme ideology was treated with the derision it deserves. We are at last wising up to the threat of Chinese influence. But it has become so extensive we need a serious examination. This should take the form of a Royal Commission to examine all aspects of Beijing's spread into the UK. Despite the importance of all the rest, there is one issue above all that matters this year: standing with Ukraine. If Russia is not defeated, Putin will have shown that might wins and the free world will be confirmed as pusillanimous and weak. Rishi Sunak - and ideally Sir Keir Starmer - should issue a declaration that we will stand with Ukraine until it declares victory over Russia. Until then we should do all we can to supply the arms needed to bring that about.