Two common conditions could lead to blood clots forming in the veins when there hasn't been an injury; these are obesity and heart disease. The NHS warns that a blood clot could get stuck as it travels in the bloodstream, which could block vital blood flow to organs. If the blood flow to the brain is interrupted, for example, then a life-threatening mini stroke can occur. "Blood clots can be very serious and need to be treated quickly," the NHS states, so how would you know if you have one? The symptoms of a blood clot can include "throbbing or cramping pain, swelling, redness and warmth in a leg or arm". A blood clot could also lead to "sudden breathlessness, sharp chest pain (may be worse when you breathe in) and a cough or coughing up blood". People experiencing any of these symptoms are advised by the national health service to "call 111". READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares 'gentle' movement to help your brain 'function better' - 'Easy to do' Obesity If you are overweight, you are more prone to developing unhelpful blood clots, which is why losing weight, in a healthy way, is paramount. To find out if you could benefit from shedding some pounds, you can measure your waist circumference. To measure your waist: The NHS recommends you should try to lose weight if your waist is: A key requirement for weight loss is to burn off more calories than you consume daily. By eating less, and exercising more, you can work towards a healthier weight – and a reduced risk of a blood clot. For people aiming to get into fitter shape, the NHS offer a free Weight Loss Plan that is available to download on smartphones. Heart disease Typically associated with a build-up of fatty deposits inside the arteries, the condition can lead to chest pain, heart failure, and heart attacks. READ MORE: Three drinks that can help you fall asleep and boost sleep quality "If you already have cardiovascular disease, staying as healthy as possible can reduce the chances of it getting worse," the national health service adds. As cardiovascular disease increases the risks of blood clots, if one blocks the blood supply to the heart, a heart attack ensues. To help minimise such a life-threatening risk, people should adhere to a "balanced diet". This means the diet is full of fruits, vegetables, wholegrain foods, and plenty of fibre. "If you already have cardiovascular disease, staying as healthy as possible can reduce the chances of it getting worse," the national health service adds. As cardiovascular disease increases the risks of blood clots, if one blocks the blood supply to the heart, a heart attack ensues. To help minimise such a life-threatening risk, people should adhere to a "balanced diet". This means the diet is full of fruits, vegetables, wholegrain foods, and plenty of fibre.