Arsenal have reportedly been told that their chances of signing Mykhaylo Mudryk this month are low, despite him being their top target. Mikel Arteta is desperate to bolster his attacking ranks this month and the news of Mudryk’s arrival being unlikely could prompt him to push for alternatives. Mudryk has confirmed himself as one of the brightest talents in Europe at Shakhtar Donetsk this season with seven goals and seven assists in 12 league appearances. Thus, interest in the 22-year-old is at an all-time high, and his club are looking to make use of that. The winger is keen to join Arsenal this month and be a part of their trophy charge, though Ukrainian agent Igor Kryvenko believes that the club will not meet Shakhtar’s asking price and therefore a deal will not happen. He told Footboom: “Shakhtar won't let Mudryk go for the money [Arsenal] are currently offering, €100m (roughly £88m) is an inadequate price." Arteta will feel that heading into the second half of the campaign without at least one forward signing is hampering his chances of league success this season, but what options does the Spaniard have? Express Sport takes a look… Wait until the summer In what could be the likeliest option for the Emirates Stadium outfit, the Gunners could be forced to wait until the summer to sign Mudryk in hope of striking a cut-price deal then. The major risk in pushing forward with this plan is Chelsea’s interest in the forward. The Blues have made it clear that they are keen to sign Mudryk this month but only if talks with Arsenal break down – which appears to be on the horizon. Graham Potter is set to be well-backed this month and thus the higher powers at Chelsea would not hesitate to meet Shakhtar’s demands. Joao Felix With Manchester United in talks to sign Wout Weghorst on loan, Arsenal have a free run at signing Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix on loan to provide short-term cover up top. The Portuguese international is keen to leave Diego Simeone’s side this month after falling out of favour at the club, may that be permanently or on loan. Several clubs were initially interested in Felix initially, though Arsenal could be one of the clubs to vigorously pursue him now. Atletico reportedly want a £9.5m loan fee, a fraction of the price that Arsenal would have to pay to sign Mudryk. Wilfried Zaha Crystal Palace are desperate to extend Wilfried Zaha’s contract at the club, and interest from Arsenal could be poorly timed for Patrick Vieira’s side. The Ivorian is a boyhood fan of the Gunners and made that no secret publicly, with a deal to head to north London almost materialising previously. Palace will be keen to gain clarity on Zaha’s situation this month, knowing that time is running out for them to cash in on his services if a renewal is not agreed upon. If Arteta is looking for a player that can be deployed on either wing as well as through the middle, reigniting the club’s interest in Zaha is an option. Reiss Nelson renewal Reiss Nelson is out of contract at Arsenal at the end of the season, meaning he could be offloaded this month for a cut-price fee. However, retaining the 23-year-old until the rest of the season at the very minimum will provide Arteta with another option. Speaking in November, the winger said: “I only have some months left on my contract but at this moment of time, getting a new deal, of course, that would be amazing and I would love to commit to the club.”