Creed III isn’t just the third outing for Michael B Jordan’s Donnie, but also the ninth movie in the Rocky franchise. For the first time, Sylvester Stallone won’t feature as confirmed when the last movie came out in 2018. This time around the heavyweight champ is visited by his past in the form of Michael B Jordan’s Damian ‘Dame’ Anderson after a lengthy prison sentence. And it looks like the pair will be entering the ring together too. The 35-year-old stars once again as Creed, the illegitimate son of the late and former world champion Apollo Creed. His character spent the first few years of his life in foster care and juvenile hall before being adopted by Mary Anne Creed, Apollo’s widow. Despite having a comfortable life of luxury, he gave up his job to become a professional boxer; convincing his father’s old nemesis Rocky Balboa to be his trainer. Following the events of Creed II, Donnie is WBC World Heavyweight Champion, having retained his title in defeating Ivan Drago’s son Viktor. Aside from playing Donnie, Jordan is best known for playing the villainous Erik Killmonger in Marvel’s Black Panther, which was helmed by the original Creed movie’s director Ryan Coogler. Jordan started out playing Wallace in The Wire season 1 and also portrayed the Human Torch in 2015’s Fantastic Four reboot. Creed III is also directed by Jordan. The 39-year-old is back as Donnie’s girlfriend, an aspiring musician who uses hearing aids. In Creed II her career takes off with a recording contract when she discovers she’s pregnant soon after Donnie proposes to her. Bianca gives birth to a baby girl called Amara, who is born deaf due to her mother's hearing disorder being hereditary. Aside from the Creed movies, Thompson is best known for playing Valkyrie in MCU movies Thor: Ragnarok, Avengers Endgame and Thor: Love and Thunder. She also starred in Westwood as Charlotte Hale and Dolores Abernathy before its sudden cancellation. Aside from playing Creed III’s antagonist, Majors is Marvel’s new big villain, Kang the Conqueror. The time travelling despot is set to be introduced in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania in just a couple of weeks. The 33-year-old rose to prominence after starring in The Last Black Man in San Francisco. He’s also notable for playing Atticus Freeman in HBO’s Lovecraft Country and for his roles in Da 5 Bloods, The Harder They Fall and Devotion. The star reprises his role as Creed II's antagonist son of Ivan Drago. The German real-life boxer known as Big Nasty in the ring is also notable for playing Marvel character Razor Fist in Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. It’s currently unclear what part he’ll play in the storyline of Creed III. Although a spin-off movie called Drago is in the works for him. The 74-year-old reprises the widow of Apollo Creed and adoptive mother to Donnie. Unlike the others, she’s yet to be cast in a Marvel movie, but is best known for playing Clair Huxtable in The Cosby Show. Her recent film credits include Tick, Tick… Boom!, Jingle Jangle and Soul. Also returning in the supporting cast are Wood Harris as Tony “Little Duke” Evers and Tony Bellew as “Pretty” Ricky Conlan. Creed III hits cinemas on March 3, 2023.