Lola (played by Danielle Harold) was told a few months ago she had an incurable brain tumour, and while her family and friends are heartbroken, she has been determined to focus on other things. Recent EastEnders scenes saw her informing Denise Fox (Diane Parish) she wanted to return to work, and her boyfriend Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) proposed to her at Christmas. When they invite the family over for an announcement though, Lola's loved ones fear the worst. In upcoming scenes on the BBC soap, Lola becomes sick of Jay and Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) fussing over her. The two are worried about Lola's decision to go back to work, but she insists she can handle it. She explains to her concerned family she wants to be able to enjoy the good things while she can. The statement gives Jay an idea - what could he have in mind? READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' Lola later invites the whole family around to the house for a meal. Billy, Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) and Callum Highway (Tony Clay) arrive and are certain they'll be receiving a terrible update. However, Jay and Lola are all smiles as they announce their plans. Could they have set a wedding date? Perhaps Jay decided to marry his fiance as soon as possible so the two enjoy as much time together as husband and wife as they can. Viewers are hoping Lola can find happiness after the tragic few months she's faced. Back in October, she learned the news of her diagnosis. Initially, Lola was in denial about how serious her condition was, and kept it from her young daughter, Lexi (Isabella Brown). The whole Square is now aware, but Lola is still keen to take all the opportunities she can. DON'T MISS... Lorraine Kelly insists 'enough now' after Prince Harry's memoir leaks [LATEST]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [VIDEO]Karren Brady details off-screen friendship with The Apprentice star [EXCLUSIVE] For a while, the family clung to hopes Lola would be okay after Ben pursued an alternative treatment abroad. However, their hopes were dashed and Lola has since had to accept her heartbreaking fate. Keen to give Lola the perfect Christmas, Jay hired a snow machine so she could have a white Christmas. He then proposed to an emotional Lola and the family celebrated. With time pressing on, it's likely Jay decided to arrange their big day. It could be the pair invited everyone over to discuss the plans and give them the dates. It's likely they will decide to have the ceremony sooner rather than later, which may not give the Square much time to prepare. With Lola and Jay such beloved Walford residents though, the neighbours are likely to pull out all the stops to give the two the perfect wedding. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.