Natasha entered the Den seeking £250,000 for 10 percent of her dairy drink, Biotiful kefir. Kefir is a source of vitamin B12 which claims to support the normal functioning of the immune system. Peter Jones admired the way Natasha did business, however, he believed she made herself “un-investable” due to her “ridiculous valuation”. He said: “You really need to reset any expectation if you want an investor on board.” Natasha walked out of the Den empty-handed, however, 11 years later she stands by her decision to value the company so high as now the company is on track to deliver £100million. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Natasha explained her journey to success and offered some words of wisdom to aspiring entrepreneurs. Natasha said: “The Dragons are formidable - being questioned by five different people in five different ways is a really unique experience. “I would liken it to a game of chess – I was having to be several steps ahead all the time, answering a question knowing each response would direct the discussion in a very specific way. “But, walking away without a deal was without question the right decision - giving away too much of the company would have been a big mistake at the early stages of the business.” READ MORE: 'It's worth it': Martin Lewis suggests how to get better rate on NS&I savings account Combining the best of all worlds: ancient and modern — Natasha adopted the best authentic recipe with optimal production practices to create a naturally delicious kefir range suited to the British consumer taste. Now 11 years later, Biotiful is the UK’s number one kefir brand. Natasha continues on her mission to make Gut Health universally accessible to every family, every day. In 2016 when Dragon’s Den aired, the retail value of the kefir category was less than £1million. Biotiful has driven the growth in the kefir category and now it is on track to deliver £100million. READ MORE: Thousands could qualify for a 50% discount on TV licence bill - how to claim Biotiful has a share of more than 75 percent of the kefir drinks market. The Brand’s RSV (retail sales value) is just under £50million. Natasha shared three tips that she would give to aspiring entrepreneurs about dealing with rejection. She said: “I would firstly say that rejection is part of running a business - there is no getting away from it, no matter how strong your concept might be. It is all about what you do with that rejection.” 1 Take the feedback objectivelyShe explained that as an entrepreneur it can be all too easy to take negative feedback personally and therefore miss the constructive intent. If there is a negative message, look at it and learn from it. 2 Learn from past mistakesNatasha truly believes that some of the greatest business lessons come from mistakes and misses, rather than from wins. If someone is an entrepreneur with a positive bias, they turn negatives into positives. Natasha said: “For me, this seemed to come naturally, but I have harnessed this skill over the years.” 3 Don’t give up, failure is not an option, find a wayThere will be moments when giving up seems like the easiest, or indeed the only option. That is not the case. She concluded: “I would argue that there is always a way, another route, another idea. Believing that failure is not an option drives you on to succeed.”