Arsenal's priority January transfer target has already admitted he 'couldn't say no' if the club made an approach this winter. Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk is desperate to complete a move to the Gunners after an improved offer went in on Monday. Shakhtar rejected an initial offer worth £35.5m plus £17.7m in add-ons for the 21-year-old, publicly demanding £88m for their most prized asset. However, CBS Sports report Arsenal are optimistic they can complete a deal worth significantly below that valuation, and their second bid totalled to less than £61.9m. The Ukrainian giants have made it clear that the structure of any deal will be key, requesting that £48.7m be paid upfront. Mudryk's desire to switch could prove crucial in Arsenal's hopes of luring him to the Emirates Stadium this month, but that isn't expected to be an issue. Speaking to CBS Sports earlier this season, the exciting starlet suggested that while his focus was then on Shakhtar, he would be open to a transfer in the winter. He said: "In winter, we will see. There were a lot of discussions about this transfer, about clubs who want me, but it's normal. JUST IN: Tottenham have three players they could snap up for bargain fees  "Now, I'm at Shakhtar, and I want to play in this team. I love this team. I love every guy in this team. Shakhtar, for me, it's now my home. "But for me, now, it's very important that all my talks are only about Shakhtar. But in winter, we will see." And when asked about whether he longed for a Premier League transfer and if Arsenal was a dream destination, Mudryk admitted it would be an opportunity impossible to ignore. "Yes [I dream of playing in the Premier League one day]," Mudryk continued. "I think every player dreams about the Premier League. "It's hard to say [a dream club], but Arsenal are a very good team. [Mikel Arteta is a] very good coach. I like the way they play. READ MORE: Arsenal expected XI v Newcastle as Arteta faces two suspension issues  "Yes, [if Arsenal made an offer, it would be hard to say no]. From my side, I can't say no." Well, winter has now arrived, so the Gunners will be confident that Mudryk will do his part to help a January deal go through. Arteta will view the 'Ukrainian Neymar' as one of the final pieces of his Premier League title-challenging puzzle. He could prove to be the final addition of quality Arsenal need to conquer Manchester City and lift their first top-flight gold since 2005. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here