Naomi Biden is one of President Joe Biden's seven grandchildren, being the eldest daughter of Hunter Biden and Kathleen Buhle. She married her husband Peter George Heermann Neal in a very lavish wedding last year. The couple married in an extremely fancy wedding at the White House, the first wedding at the White House in over 200 years. Then 28, Naomi married 25-year-old Peter, whom she met at Columbia Law School in a dress inspired by another set of very lavish nuptials, the wedding of Grace Kelly to Prince Rainier III.  The engagement announcement was made in September last year. Naomi, at the time 27, posted to Instagram to make the moment public, simply captioning the selfie "forever" with a white heart.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene rarely wears £55,000 engagement ring - a look at her 'impressive' jewel Husband Peter is said to have had the ring made with adorable attention to detail. The stunning emerald diamond sits on a gold band that was once the band of Peter's grandmother's engagement ring. It's fashionable to reinvest in older pieces of jewellery with a family significance, with Prince Harry using diamonds from Princess Diana's collection to create Meghan Markle's engagement ring. But, it's not a new thing. In fact, Queen Elizabeth II's engagement ring was designed using diamonds from her then-husband-to-be Prince Philip's mother's tiara. The price of bespoke items will always vary, depending on the cost of the materials and the cost of the labour. However, WP Diamonds CEO and diamond expert Andrew Brown has used his expertise to value the ring. DON'T MISSPrincess Eugenie wears £100,000 sapphire engagement ring [INSIGHT] Love Island's Maya Jama 'demanded to return 800k engagement ring' [SHOCK] Queen Máxima likes to wear unusual orange engagement ring on both hands [ROYAL] Taking the high colour and clarity into account he estimates this gem is worth $30,000. Just over a quarter of Americans earn less than $34,999 annually.  in platinum with a full circle of diamonds to her ring, which cost $6,250. Peter, on the other hand, opted for Tiffany's double milgrain band ring in platinum with a diamond, which costs $2,200.  It's not known exactly what this would have cost, but similar pieces from the same collaboration sell on Tiffany's website for $64,000. Peter and Naomi met on June 8, 2018, after being set up on a blind date by friends. They moved into the White House together in August 2021. Naomi's father, Hunter Biden, has two more children with his first wife, Finnegan, and Maisy. He then was in a relationship with Hallie Biden, his wife's widow, between 2016 and 2019. He has another child with former Biden employee Lunden Alexis Roberts, proven by a paternity suit DNA test.