The Duchess of Sussex's mother Doria Ragland can now easily visit her two young grandchildren, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, now they live on the same continent. She reportedly now only lives a short distance away from Meghan and Harry, roughly a two-hour car drive. The royals purchased their Montecito mansion in 2020 after relocating from the UK to America. However, Doria already had her own property in LA that she inherited in 2011. Located less than a two hours drive from her daughter's home, Doria's beautiful property looks like a holiday home. READ MORE: Mum's sofa deep cleaning hack uses 16p ingredient you likely have at home   READ MORE: Kate perfects her famous 'athletic physique' despite having 3 children  Photos of the exterior show it is complete with a clay roof, and a lime green exterior. The home also has a bay window and palm trees framing either side of the front walkway. Doria Ragland lives in a house in the View Park-Windsor Hills neighbourhood of Los Angeles. It is located between Culver City and Inglewood, just east of Los Angeles International Airport.   Doria reportedly inherited the home from her father, Alvin Azell Ragland, when he died in 2011. Therefore, Doria luckily did not have to buy the property outright but ended up living nearby the Duke and Duchess and her two grandchildren. However, according to a listing on Zillow, it is worth an estimated £678,000. This is the equivalent of £2,630 rent per month in British Sterling if royal fans wished to live like Doria.  Zillow states the property features two bedrooms and two bathrooms, set across 1,400 square feet. Details of the interiors have been kept tightly under wraps as Doria lives a very private life. However, if it's similar to the designs of Meghan's home, it is likely Doria will have gone for a muted aesthetic. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Montecito property has its very own guest house, with plenty of space for Doria.  There were rumours Doria may move into Meghan’s home but she has not yet done so, preferring to stay in her home which she has owned for 12 years since 2011. Although it is likely she will spend plenty of time there with her grandchildren Archie and Lilibet, as she lives just a two-hour drive away. Doria's home is now considerably closer than the 10-hour flight time they would have had to endure between Los Angeles and London. When the couple were working royals, they lived at Frogmore Cottage on the late Queen's Windsor estate, and Nottingham Cottage before this.