The second lot of six contestants took to the stage at the weekend for episode two of The Masked Singer season four. Among those performing was Pigeon, a supposed older lady who put smiles on the judges' and live audience's faces with her rendition of No Scrubs by TLC. Express.co.uk has all there is to know regarding the first of many clues for Pigeon. When Pigeon is first introduced, she told viewers that she is an "old bird", something judges believed almost instantly wasn't the case going by her demeanour. Talking in an Essex accent, walking around London, Pigeon continues to talk of how she hasn't always seen eye to eye with others. She explained: "Even though I may have ruffled a few feathers in my time, personally I'm unflappable so I'm good at being able to ask the tougher questions." One guess which has been making the rounds is none other than fiery former Towie star Gemma Collins. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Taking to Twitter, @whatmissdomsays tweeted: "Oh dear.. Pigeon definitely sounds like the GC #MaskedSinger #GemmaCollins". Fellow user @annieshouldnt went on to agree: " Comedian and panellist Mo Gilligan was also backing this theory when presenter Joel Dommett asked who he believed was behind the mask.  He stated: "I think it's Gemma Collins. I really think it's Gemma Collins and it sounded like her." Pigeon carries a small handbag with her, containing two carrots which have had fans guessing it could be comedian Catherine Tate. Fans have not only pointed out the fact the comic is ginger, linking to the carrot reference but Pigeon is similarly dressed to Tate's most famous character Nan. Once again though, a viewer thinks this could tie in with the Collins theory and a moment from the panel show 8 Out of 10 Cats. @clapham1994 stated: "The episode concluded with a special bonus round of the ‘carrot game’, where captain Katherine Ryan attempted to persuade Gemma that she had a carrot in her box… when she didn’t." DON'T MISS...The Project’s Sarah Harris in takedown of Harry's 'cheap' memoir [ROYAL]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Pigeon's identity as Doctor Who star [REACTION]Clues you missed about Rhino's identity on The Masked Singer [EXPLAINER] Following her performance, Pigeon gave her riddle which left many fans even more confused. She said: "I'm an old pigeon mama and I've such a warm heart. "Let me share some of my wisdom, life imitates art." @andrewmitchell theorised: "Life imitates art... art at the Tate gallery perhaps @Catherine_Tate_ #Pigeon #TheMaskedSinger". There were a few other guesses on the night, bar Catherine Tate and Gemma Collins. Presenter Davina McCall believed there was a comedian underneath the outfit, thinking that Emily Atack was behind it all. Whereas talk show host Jonathan Ross joked it could be the Queen Consort, Camilla Parker-Bowles. The Masked Singer UK continues every Saturday night at 8pm on ITV.