Jamie Greenberg is a celebrity make-up artist who has worked with the likes of Kayley Kuco, Chelsea Handler and Kristen Stewart. She is also the creator of The Bloss, a "glowy, moisturising hybrid" gloss and balm, and The Blighlighter, a gloss and highlighter. Jamie shares her tips and tricks on her TikTok account @jamiemakeup and her Instagram account @jamiemakeup, where she has a combined 322K followers. The beauty expert recently shared "the four anti ageing products that you should be using after the age of 40." The makeup and skincare aficionado said: "Number one is niacinamide. Find a serum with niacinamide. This is going to fortify and awaken your dull skin. As we get older we do lose a little bit of a lustre so this is going to like jolt it." What is niacinamide? Niacinamide is a form of vitamin B3. It is found naturally in meat, fish, eggs, cereals and green veg. Research shows the ingredient can support the skin barrier and reduce dehydration of the skin. It is often used to fight premature skin ageing. READ MORE: 'I'm 32 but people think I'm 15 & I swear by three skin products starting from £6.29' "Number two, retinol," Jamie said. "You don't want to do this every night and you want to start light and then work your way into something heavier. "You can get this prescribed or you can get it in a serum over the counter. What it's going to do is help cell turnover so it's almost like it's exfoliating and making your skin just look super young. "I started using it really late to the game and saw such a difference. Out of all the ingredients, this is the only one that's going to help with fine lines and wrinkles." Retinol is made from vitamin A. It is shown to plump the skin and reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and large pores. It can also treat acne and acne scarring. DON'T MISS'How I aged in reverse and how you can too' [REAL LIFE] Dermatologist's 'anti-ageing secret' takes ‘up to eight years off' [BEAUTY] Skincare expert details her five 2022 picks for glowing skin [RECOMMENDED] Jamie went on: "Number three Vitamin C. I really like this one. It's really great because what it's going to do is help if you have a little bit of hyperpigmentation or scarring or firmness to your skin. This puppy is going to do the trick." Vitamin C has been found, when applied topically, to lift the appearance of dark spots on the skin, caused by blemishes, scars or sun damage." The expert finally said: "Lastly SPF. Just make sure you're wearing it every day. It's preventative so that you don't end up looking like a raisin. Not that there's anything wrong with raisins, but I want to be a grape." Dermatologists advise using an SPF of at least 30 on the face every day, even if you are inside all day.