American football star Damar Hamlin is in a critical condition after collapsing during an NFL match aired on live tv. Hamlin, 24, collapsed during a Monday night NFL game after making an open field tackle. Hamlin fell on his back shortly after recovering from the play, suffering a cardiac arrest. He is in critical condition. "Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest following a hit in our game versus the Bengals. His heartbeat was restored on the field and he was transferred to the UC Medical Centre for further testing and treatment. He is currently sedated and listed in critical condition," the Buffalo Bills, Hamlin's team, said in a statement. The Bills' Safety tackled Bengals' receiver Tee Higgins, 23, in the first quarter and got up before collapsing on his back at the Paycor Stadium in Ohio.  Hamlin received CPR and was rushed to hospital following the incident, the game was postponed. Players on both teams appeared shocked following Hamlin's collapse, some visibly cried while others knelt on the ground in prayer, something which was crucial to the game's postponement, according to a former NFL star. "The type of trauma and PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) that comes with watching one of your brothers go down like this and fight for his life live on television. Those are the types of things that you just can't shake off in 20 minutes and get back to playing," former NFL player Ephraim Salaam told CNN. ESPN's Monday Night Football broadcast cut to commercial breaks on four occasions as Hamlin received treatment. Tee Higgins, who was involved in the play and tackled by Hamlin, wished his competitor well in a tweet. He said: "My prayers and thoughts go out to Damar Hamlin [and] the Hamlin Family. I’m praying that you pull through bro. Love." JUST IN: Everything you need to know about the Idaho murders suspect In a statement, the National Football League (NFL) confirmed Hamlin was in "critical condition". It said: "Hamlin received immediate medical attention on the field by team and independent medical staff and local paramedics.  "He was then transported to a local hospital where he is in critical condition. "Our thoughts are with Damar and the Buffalo Bills. We will provide more information as it becomes available. "The NFL has been in constant communication with the NFL Players Association which is in agreement with postponing the game." Local sports reporter Joe Danneman also wrote on Twitter that he was told Hamlin "has a pulse, but is not breathing on his own". A source close to the situation provided a statement just over an hour after he was taken to hospital. READ MORE: Tom Brady joins Cristiano Ronaldo in exclusive club after reaching impressive NFL landmark  Jordon Rooney, Hamlin's friend and marketing representative, said: "His vitals are back to normal and they have put him to sleep to put a breathing tube down his throat. "They are currently running tests. We will provide updates as we have them." Head coach Sean McDermott, 48, led the team in prayer as the ambulance escorted Hamlin off the field. Many of Hamlin's Buffalo Bills teammates were reduced to tears and the game was postponed. In a Twitter post, the New York-based side said: "The thoughts and prayers of all of Bills Mafia are supporting you, Damar." Hamlin's family came down from the stands to be with him in the ambulance, according to ESPN. The scene is reminiscent of Christian Eriksen's, 30, collapse which shocked soccer supporters during UEFA's European Championships in 2020. He collapsed following a cardiac arrest in Denmark's 1-0 defeat against Finland. Manchester United's play-making midfielder, who previously played for Tottenham Hotspur and Inter Milan, survived the ordeal and returned to the playing field in 2022 when he signed for Brentford.