Buffalo Bills star Damar Hamlin had to be resuscitated twice, according to his uncle, after suffering a cardiac arrest during his side’s game against the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday night. The 24-year-old remains in a critical condition after spending the night in a hospital intensive care unit. “His heart had went out so they had to resuscitate him twice,” Hamlin's uncle Dorrian Glenn told CNN. “They resuscitated him on the field before they brought him to the hospital and then they resuscitated him a second time when they got him to the hospital. “They sedated him just to give a better chance for him to just continue to heal better. We are just taking it day by day. It seems like he's trending upwards in a positive way. “Right now they’ve got him on a ventilator. They are trying to get him to breathe on his own. He is still in ICU and sedated while they continue to administer medical treatment. I am thankful for the staff that have been working with him.   “It was truly scary seeing what we saw yesterday. It was a gut punch to see that. But I am thankful he is still here and still fighting. It has been heartbreaking. I’ve been up for 24 hours. It is good to support my nephew and be by his side. It’s tremendous to see the love and support there is for him. It’s truly amazing. “It’s still very much day by day. Once he gets out of the ICU I will feel better. My nephew is humble. He is going to be floored by the love. He is a genuine, positive guy from the toy drive to his coaching clinic.”     Hamlin collapsed on the pitch after colliding with Bengals receiver Tee Higgins. The player initially got back to his feet, before falling backwards and laying motionless. According to the Daily Mail, the ace was administered CPR on the pitch while surrounded by his team-mates, before being rushed to hospital. The Bills players were visibly stunned as he received life-saving treatment. The match between the Bills and the Bengals was ultimately suspended on Monday, with the NFL later confirming that no decision had been made about whether the game would resume at a later date. Hamlin’s family, meanwhile, shared their “sincere gratitude for the love and support” from fans, according to a statement shared by the NFL on Tuesday. And they added: “Your generosity and compassion mean the world to us.” 