Bank buildings, like all other buildings, cost money to maintain and the costs are reflected in charges to customers. Once, they were hives of activity but now the footfall is small as people have gradually, of their own free will, come to prefer operating in the comfort of their own homes and grabbing their cash from machines in shops and garages. So banks are no different from any other business faced with dried-up demand. They cannot stay open just for the sake of it. You might as well argue that all the blacksmiths should have stayed in business after the motor car replaced the horse. When I commented on this page some months ago that, living in the country, if I really did need physical banking, I faced a 32-mile round trip to Exeter to find a Barclays, the manager of the Paignton branch rang up to ask if I knew that I could pay in via post offices and that Barclays officials would maintain a presence in some town libraries. They are doing their best and Ros would do better to encourage the remaining resistant elderly to look at alternatives. Where I think the banks are failing is in maintaining personal access to managers. I used to have an excellent one called Julie but she has been replaced by a faceless character with whom I communicate by email if at all. What they now want is for customers to do everything via the call centre, which like call centres everywhere, puts you through endless hoops before you can speak to a human being. One day some big organisation somewhere will wipe its rivals off the map by announcing that when you ring it a real person will answer! All this is about adjustment to changing times. It happens to every generation. The original inclination of Prince Andrew, when he was accused of sex abuse by Virginia Giuffre, was to fight the case in court. However there was an outcry about how that would overshadow the late Queen’s Jubilee and he agreed to settle, whereupon the reaction was “Ah! Well he must have done it then” and he lost all his patronages and title. I wonder if anybody had told him at the outset that settling would entail that loss? And if not, then would he have settled had he known? Since then Mrs Giuffre has dropped a case against a Harvard law professor, about which she had previously been very explicit, saying that she may have made a mistake. No wonder Andrew is now ruing his own decision. If he is genuinely innocent then he should go ahead and challenge her at law. So far he has been convicted of nothing but has lost everything. What sort of justice is that? The requirement to wear a seatbelt in the back of a car is one of our most widely ignored laws. Almost everybody forgets, even if only occasionally, or doesn’t bother in the first place. Yet Labour jumped on its high horse when the PM was filmed without one. Naturally, the response has been the publication of photos of several senior Labour politicians sans belt. What would the police normally do? Turn a blind eye? Have a stern word? Informally caution? But this is the PM so they fine him amid the headlines and the synthetic outrage. I have always believed that adults should make up their own minds about rear seatbelts and pay a penalty in insurance rather than at law. The only question ITV should be asking over Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is whether Jeremy Clarkson is good at the job. He is. So why on earth should he be taken off air just because he made a cack-handed reference to Game Of Thrones in a piece about the moaners of Montecito, who don’t even have enough grace to accept his apology? It was not a pleasant piece but neither is Harry’s book. Pots and kettles come to mind. Congratulations to my colleague Esther McVey. One of many correspondents to my website on the issue of the bullying Child Maintenance Service says that thanks to her intervention as his MP, his nightmare is over. The CMS admitted to her that they had no records of what he was alleged to owe, that he had sent in full proof that he had paid 25 years ago and that he owed nothing. Yet they had over many years insisted that he was in debt to them. It is a disgrace that it needed an MP to sort it out, so thank heaven he has a good one. So many of my correspondents do not. Do the CMS still not realise that almost every year they drive men to suicide? It is grim news that a quarter of England’s children cannot swim 25 metres by the age of 11. Swimming is not just a sport but a survival skill and should form an elementary part of PE. Indeed it is a National Curriculum requirement but four in 10 primary schools do not offer lessons. Ofsted should insist. Rosie Duffield the MP who was treated so vilely during the Commons debate on transgender rights, says that being a woman in the Labour Party is like being in an abusive relationship. Well, there is only one piece of advice to offer people trapped in abusive relationships: leave the abuser. Now.