 The Prince and Princess of Wales have treated themselves to a private, James Bond-theme date this weekend without their children. The couple sped around the countryside of North Norfolk in the world’s fastest SUV, designed by Aston Martin.  The Welsh-built vehicle, called the Aston Martin DBX707, was given to the Prince for a weekend test drive. The car is worth £189,000 and capable of reaching speeds of 193 mph but is yet to appear in a James Bond film. Currently, only four Aston Martin models have been driven in James Bond movies. The DBX707 is made at a four-year old factory in St Athan, South Wales that was opened by King Charles in February 2020. An insider reportedly told The Sun that it was “no coincidence” that the Prince of Wales was given the Welsh car, which is the first production car to be made in Wales in more than 50 years.   The Prince wore a velvet dinner suit with a black bow tie, which people have said made him look similar to bond. According to the insider, the vehicle was gifted to William as part of a "hush-hush" procedure that was "worthy of the secret service in itself". They told the publication: "The delivery of the car was an operation worthy of the secret service in itself. It was very hush-hush.    "But he was spotted behind the wheel buzzing round the tight and winding country lanes of North Norfolk." William was granted access to the vehicle on the weekend. But it wasn’t the first time he has sped Kate around in an Aston Martin. Back in 2011, the two were pictured leaving Buckingham Palace in a vintage Aston Martin model, decorated with balloons and their initials, after their wedding Prince William has drawn comparisons to James Bond in the past, including from the film franchise producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael Wilson while they were awarded a CBE from the Prince.     The two producers said he “ticks all the boxes” for a James Bond role back in June 2022. When asked who the next bond could be by reporters, Broccoli joked: "Unfortunately, the person we just met isn't available. He's occupied, unfortunately, but he would be the perfect candidate." She added: “He ticks all the boxes. But he’s not available, sadly. So we’re still on the hunt.” It’s a comparison that William, a bond-fan, could be fond of. Over the years, he has attended several James Bond premieres including Quantum of Solace and most recently, No Time To Die.   In the past, the generous brand also gifted King Charles a vehicle when he was Prince. For his 21st birthday, the Prince was given an Aston Martin DB6 Volante. The royal couple’s speed around Norfolk makes for change from the traditional Christmas festivities the couple just spent at Sandringham estate in Norfolk. 