Queen Maxima and her husband, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands are currently on the Dutch island of Aruba in the Caribbean. The couple's daughter, Princess Amalia, has also joined her parents on the Caribbean tour. Yesterday, on the third day of her and her husband's royal tour of the Caribbean, Queen Maxima opted for a bright orange dress from one of her favourite designers, Natan Couture. The royal owns many dresses from the brand, including this orange version, which was called the 'Morgan'. The dress had short, draped sleeves with a cinched in waist and a long skirt that reached Maxima's shins. She matched this with a pair of the 'Portofino 100' Tan Suede Sandals by Gianvito Rossi - another favourite among European royals, including Queen Letizia. Maxima accessorised with a pair of Tom Ford sunglasses, called the FT030 'Penelope' 28F Sunglasses. As for jewellery, she donned the Citrine and Diamond bracelet from Dutch jeweller Stelman. The royal also wore a headpiece which seemed to be made of straw, and adorned with petals. Her earrings stood out too: they were gold and dangling, almost reaching Maxima's shoulders.  Royal fans were quick to comment on Maxima's outfit, with many praising her look. Instagram user @isabelq42 wrote: "Another hit for Maxima. She looks fantastic. Love the colour and the sandals. Love that it's a repeat." User @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "Love this dress every time she wears it - also the cute block heel sandals which are probably a lot more comfortable than stilettos. Amalia took her comfort to another level - so practical! And cheers for the rewear!" User @birdnerd327 added: "Hee I like Maxima’s orange next to the lady’s pink pants! Not a fan of the floral head piece but everything else is a hit!" But the orange dress wasn't the only outfit Maxima donned yesterday. The Dutch Queen was also seen in a deep red gown as she, her husband, and her daughter attended an official welcome ceremony in Aruba. Her red dress was again by Natan Couture, called the Red 'Jenny' Draped Fitted Silk Dress. She matched this with a burgundy clutch bag by Hermes and red suede heels by Gianvito Rossi. The royal was again wearing her Tom Ford sunglasses, and completed her outfit with a Maison Fabienne Delvigne hat, which matched her dress' colour, was wide-brimmed, and seemed to be made of straw. Maxima also wore luxurious jewels - ruby and diamond earrings and a matching brooch. Royal fans had a lot to say about the Queen's look, sharing their opinions on Instagram. Many praised her outfit. Instagram user @ellainthecityboston said: "Looking fabulous and pulling off as only Maxima can one of her large signature hats!" User @courtmanchu wrote: "Queen Max does it again! I love everything about this looks for her!" User @redheadcagrl commented: "So glamorous. I love it!" User @goosegirlenfys said: "Superhero Queen with another cape. Fabulous dress, and it seems red is the colour of the day!" User @dmb_1971 added: "I love that she doesn’t need endless new clothes to make an impact and look good too."