Novak Djokovic explained his celebratory '22' jacket after defeating Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-3 7-6(4) 7-6(5) to win a record 10th Australian Open and 22nd overall Grand Slam title, matching Rafael Nadal's men's singles record. And the Serb was quick to celebrate as he donned a jacket with the number 22 emblazoned on the front for the trophy ceremony, later revealing that he had no idea it had been made. Djokovic rewrote history on Sunday as he became the first man to win 10 titles at the Australian Open which also took his overall Grand Slam haul to 22 - matching Nadal's record. And it appeared that he came prepared as he donned a jacket with the number '22' on the front during the trophy presentation after reaching the milestone. But the 35-year-old has now revealed that he was left in the dark about the jacket and brought a different one to wear for the presentation before his team revealed that they had it prepared for the occasion. "To be honest, maybe people won't believe me, but I had no clue about this jacket," the 10-time Aussie Open winner told Eurosport after the match. "I actually took the other jacket to the ceremony and then my team told me to put this one on - nice of them." And his team didn't forget about themselves either as they also put on t-shirts with the number 10 across the front to mark the milestone. JUST IN: Elena Rybakina hits back at 'disturbing' coach comments after Aus Open  Watch every match from Roland-Garros, 28 May - June 11, LIVE and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Djokovic also explained just how meaningful the victory was after calling it his most important during his on-court speech after dealing with a hamstring injury during the tournament while his dad was also caught up in controversy earlier this week when he was unknowingly included in a video posing alongside pro-Putin protesters. "Everything on the spectrum from best to worst I have experienced in the last few weeks in terms of emotions," he admitted. "So what I said on the court I truly, truly mean it. I think if not the most important victory, definitely one of the top two or three most important wins I had ever in my life considering the circumstances and what was on the line and coming back to Australia after last year's events and stuff happening off the court that created tremendous pressure." DON'T MISSAustralian Open boss sends Wimbledon clear message over Russia banRybakina's coach slammed after Kazakh suffers Aus Open final heartacheRybakina tipped to follow in Osaka's footsteps despite Aus Open loss  And Djokovic revealed just what a toll it had taken as he was happy to finally release all of the pressure, adding: "I tried to keep it together and it required enormous energy, mental energy. So I feel just a huge release now. "It's like a balloon with no air at the moment. Of course, in a good way but now it's over and I'm going to enjoy it with my close ones."