Aries It will seem like ages since you have had time to do your favourite things. You probably can’t remember the last time you got together with your friends. You have a lot of catching up to do and it might be worth making the time now to socialise. Taurus A number of projects, possibilities and propositions have been coming your way. You would never grab an opportunity without thinking about it. Jumping in too quickly could lead to later regrets and that’s why you are hoping for some time to consider which to go for and which to discard. Gemini You’re being bombarded on social media by money making tips. Be careful about which ones you take seriously. Some could have the opposite result to what is being suggested. This isn’t a good time to splash out on expensive goods and merchandise. If bills are starting to feel overwhelming, consult a money manager. Cancer Going into business for yourself might be a good way to earn some extra money. You don’t have to quit your job or current lifestyle altogether but you could set up some new ventures in the background that may lead to better things to come. Leo Setting a long-term goal and going for what you truly want is now the driving force of your life. It doesn’t matter what others might say. What matters is that you are doing something you really want to do. If this means you will be competing against someone who has always been a friend, so be it. Virgo You would benefit from a change of routine and scene. If a friend or partner’s plans call for some travel, don’t make excuses as to why you aren’t able to join them. As well as being extremely refreshing, visiting unfamiliar places will introduce you to new possibilities for the future.   Libra An invitation to stay with a friend or relation will come at just the right time to get you out of domestic obligations without it causing a family row. Despite your strong sense of duty and responsibility, you will welcome any chance to escape your usual routines for a few days. Scorpio Doing what makes you happy is important even if other people may not understand your reasoning. That’s why you should be following your own aims, no matter what anyone else might say about it. It might cost money to continue on a training course. It will be worth it for the long-term benefits this will bring. Sagittarius It might feel as if your imagination has never been as active as you visualise all the things you want to do in the future. Your partner or family could be in for a shock when they hear some of your ideas. They will be hoping you aren’t really serious about half of them.    Capricorn Even though you will not have expected it, you will be offered a chance to take on a leadership role. Moving into the spotlight will not be so difficult once you have taken the first step. Taking charge of a group project will come naturally to you and will bring you the recognition you deserve. Aquarius our life is starting to make more sense to you these days. It is helping that you are mixing with people you can talk to easily and who understand you. Spending time with friends who share similar tastes and outlook will help you relax and come up with some fun plans for the future. Pisces Be on your guard as some form of deceit or deception is taking place. This could be anything from being short-changed at a local shop to a major swindle in a financial deal. Resist any form of pressure and check the details of all purchases and transactions. 