Fans of HBO Max’s superhero series, Titans received a disappointing update about the future of the series after bosses confirmed season four would conclude the show. As a result, viewers took to social media with rage and vowed to boycott the streaming giant. Titans has joined the growing list of favourite shows to be cancelled this year. As the show is currently on a lengthy hiatus fans have been eagerly awaiting its return only to be met with news of its cancellation. However, it's not all terrible news as Titans will release the remaining episodes before it ends for good. Sadly another HBO Max superhero series will also come to an end as Doom Patrol was also cancelled. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star In a statement, a spokesperson for HBO Max confirmed: “While these will be the final seasons of Titans and Doom Patrol, we are very proud of these series and excited for fans to see their climactic endings. “We are grateful to Berlanti Productions and Warner Bros Television for making such a thrilling, action-packed, heartfelt series. “We thank Titans showrunner Greg Walker, executive producers Greg Berlanti, Akiva Goldsman, Sarah Schechter, Geoff Johns, Richard Hatem, and the team at Weed Road Pictures.” “For four seasons, fans have fallen in love with the Titans and Doom Patrol, investing in their trials and tribulations, and in their legendary battles saving the world time and time again,” they added to Entertainment Weekly. This announcement angered fans who were looking forward to more gripping storylines from the young heroes of the DC Universe. Taking to Twitter @1dontenewman wrote: “Well I see no reason to keep HBO Max then, #titans was the only reason I subscribed.” @rfminlbc agreed: “Ok, @hbomax It's time to cancel. What's the point of having you if you're cancelling all my shows?!” DON'T MISS:Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenesSuccession's Jeremy Strong shares 'skill' he uses for key Kendall RoyTess' fate in The Last of Us TV show is very different to the game A disappointed @thomo19 added: “Well I'm gutted #DoomPatrol and #Titans have been cancelled, I just don't get how they can get rid of good shows like them.” A fourth viewer stated: “As soon as the shows are over, I'm just cancelling the service! What's the point?!” Despite the uproar of fans angered about the cancellation, other fans believed it was the right time for the Titans to come to an end. As @Bat_Girl76 tweeted: “I can understand the Titans that show was a mess from day one.” @BlqMgck added: “Titans was a*s anyway. Let's be real.” Following the announcement, James Gunn hit back at allegations and revealed he and fellow DC Studios boss Peter Safran weren’t behind HBO Max’s decision to cancel the show. On Twitter, he disclosed: “The decision to end the series precedes us. “But I certainly wish the best for the talented group of creators, actors, and the rest of the crew that produced both shows.” Titans season 4, part 2 will return to HBO Max this year. Titans seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix in the UK.