Novak Djokovic has ditched his bandage for the Australian Open final and is wearing minimal tape on his hamstring injury in a huge hint that the Serb is feeling better as he faces Stefanos Tsitsipas. Djokovic is bidding to win a record 10th title in Melbourne Park after his injury raised concerns earlier in the tournament but he appears to have recovered just in time. Djokovic is playing one of the most important Grand Slam finals of his career as he bids to win a historic 10th Australian Open title and tie long-time rival Rafael Nadal's record of 22 overall Grand Slams. The Serb's hopes were questioned earlier in the tournament as he continued to struggle with a hamstring issue he picked up in Auckland three weeks ago but he sent a clear message that he was feeling better as he took to court for the final. The fourth seed had been seen practising without strapping earlier in the day and he had ditched his usual bandage around his left thigh as he stepped onto Rod Laver Arena for the championship match, with a few pieces of tape on the leg instead. Djokovic had been playing and feeling increasingly better in the latter rounds and confirmed that the injury was now quickly recovering with his choice of tape in the final. Former world No 4 Tim Henman was among those quick to notice the change. "I think there might just be a little bit of taping on the back of the hamstring but not the strapping we've seen," he said on Eurosport commentary. JUST IN: Australian Open boss sends Wimbledon clear message over Russia ban  It comes after the 21-time Major champion hit back when some suggested that he was faking the injury earlier in the tournament. Alex de Minaur claimed that things "looked good" to him when they met in the fourth-round while Todd Woodbridge claimed Djokovic could be "playing it up". Speaking to Serbian press on Monday, Djokovic responded: I leave that to them, let them continue to doubt. It's interesting that only my injuries are suspected, but when other players get injured and it affects them, then they are the victims, and I'm a pretend player. “I don't feel like I have anything to prove to anyone. I have a recording and an MRI and an ultrasound which will prove it, whether I will publish it in the documentary, I don't know, maybe, maybe I won't. I am absolutely not interested in what people think, it is fun for me to continue the narrative [that is] different than some other players. I'm used to facing it, it motivates me and it gives me extra strength.” DON'T MISSNadal record 'more important' to Djokovic than Aus Open historyRybakina's coach slammed after Kazakh suffers Aus Open final heartacheDjokovic has been wounded by five players ahead of Aus Open final  Earlier in the tournament, Djokovic admitted that his hamstring was "not good at all" after his second-round match in which he dropped a set to world No 191 Enzo Couacaud after needing an off-court medical time out. But after his win over de Minaur, he revealed that the injury felt the "best" it had all tournament as he resorted to taking "lots of pills" to dull the pain. "Tonight it wasn't obvious that I was dealing with an injury," he told Jim Courier after the two-hour match. "I didn't feel anything today so today was great. I thank my medical team, my physio, I thank God, anybody that really helped me."