Adele, 34, has been taking Las Vegas by storm since mid November, and will continue to croon for fans until March - but her rescheduled concert dates have been far from easy, as she admitted onstage recently. The Set Fire To The Rain singer has been battling a secret bout of sciatica, and is now forced to "waddle" around the stage. She let slip the impact that the painful nerve condition has had on her after fans spotted her struggling to walk smoothly. "I’ve got two more, I’ve just got to get over to the other side of the stage," she announced as she attempted to hand out T-shirt launchers to the audience. She added: "I have to waddle these days as I have really bad sciatica.” According to the NHS website, the condition is most commonly caused by a slipped disc which compresses the sciatic nerve, and it causes intense shooting pain that flows from the lower back all the way down to the feet. READ NOW: Dame Judi Dench wows hotel guests with unexpected musical performance Numbness, tingling, and pins and needles sensations are among the other uncomfortable symptoms. Sufferers typically recover within around six weeks but Adele hasn't been so lucky - in fact, the songstress previously admitted that she has endured back pain for years. Shockingly, she admitted that she had slipped her first disc due to sneezing aggressively at the age of 15 - and it was the same way that subsequent discs "flew out", too. She lamented that, by the time she had a C-section, her core had become "useless". "I’ve been in pain with [it] for, like, half of my life, really," she agonised to The Face. "It flares up, normally due to stress or from a stupid bit of posture." Adele has certainly been through her fair share of stress in life, including a painful divorce from charity boss Simon Konecki, who is the father of her son Angelo, now ten. The guilt she felt explaining to her son that she needed to leave the relationship with his father for her own "happiness" has been documented on her fourth album, 30. DON'T MISS... Megan Fox spills out of top as she says she's 'seeking a girlfriend [PICTURES] James Jordan's wife Ola says he's no 'misogynist' over weight comments [DEBATE] Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [OPINION]  She ended up devoting the 2022 BRIT Award that she won for Album Of The Year to both Simon and Angelo. Meanwhile, she has also encountered work-related stress, dissolving into floods of tears in January 2021 in an online video announcing that her highly anticipated Las Vegas residency would have to be postponed. The star, who was first due at Caesar's Palace almost a year ago, blubbed: "I'm so sorry but my show ain't ready!" Vowing to reschedule the dates, she continued at the time: "We've tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time." Citing delivery delays and lamenting that "half [the] team are down with Covid", she insisted: "It's been impossible to finish the show." "We've been awake for over 30 hours now trying to figure it out and we've run out of time. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed." Fans had been particularly keen to catch Adele live after previous reports from the singer suggested she might be close to the end of her touring career, due to suffering damaged vocal cords back in 2017. Some had wondered if the Vegas shows would be their last chance to see her perform - but sciatica aside, it seems that Adele's show is back and better than ever.