Popular BBC Breakfast host Carol Kirkwood, 60, has laughed off claims she is a "sex symbol" insisting she is “just the girl next door". The presenter has won a legion of fans since she joined the broadcaster but is happily engaged to new partner Steve. The blonde beauty has insisted professionalism is at the forefront of her role on BBC Breakfast and her aim is to give audiences the most concise weather reading as possible. While many viewers gush over her appearance and style on a day-to-day basis, Carol explained she pays little attention to it. Speaking to The Sun, Carol said: “No I’m the girl next door. I’m certainly not a sex symbol. “Seriously, I would never see myself in that light in a million years!" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' She continued: “I try to look smart and I still have to do my own hair and make-up in the mornings, which I have to say is hit and miss. “Some days I don’t go out looking spectacular because my hair won't do what I want, but it’s an important part of the job.” However she did jokingly ask which viewers thought she was a "sex symbol," teasing: “Can you give me their names and addresses, please?" While Carol has been with the BBC for quite some time, she insisted she isn't going anywhere soon.  “It's a brilliant job and I’m so lucky," she reassured fans. "Why would I want to do anything else? I’m very happy doing this!” Carol’s gushing endorsement comes after the presenter shut down rumours of a "feud" with fellow BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty. Viewers were convinced there was on-air tension when Naga took a swipe at Carol’s age and called her "really stern" during the Christmas Day forecast. DON'T MISS:Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [WATCH]Maya Jama quits BBC series after Love Island success [ILATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' heartbreaking Paddy storyline [INSIGHT] Referencing rumours of a feud, Carol insisted it was purely "banter" between the two. She told the publication: "I love Naga and we just have banter. I love the camaraderie between us and everyone." Carol is now the longest-serving presenter on BBC Breakfast, which celebrated its 40th anniversary last week. She joined BBC Breakfast as a production secretary in 1983 before leaving and returning several times in various roles. For BBC Breakfast's anniversary, Carol reunited with Francis Wilson. He was the first Breakfast Time weather presenter and delivered a unique report alongside Carol. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.