Sailing the seas in Norway, the newest spin-off in the popular Bravo fleet brings Captain Kerry Titheradge aboard to navigate through the narrow Norwegian fjords on the motor yacht Mercury. The Below Deck Adventure star also has to manage a crew of strong and sometimes clashing personalities. This includes Jess Condy, Bosun Lewis Lupton, Chief Stew Faye Clarke, Stews Kasie Faddah and Oriana Schneps, and Deckhands Kyle Dickard, Michael Gilman, and Nathan Morely. Below Deck Adventure star Kerry has now revealed what he thinks the most challenging part of the spin-off is. And Kerry has pointed the finger at his co-stars, saying new staff members were challenging being that they’re all from different backgrounds and other factors. Kerry admitted: “Pretty much every staff member except for one was challenging. "Everyone is coming from different places, backgrounds, and ages. They all have their own intentions, and we all have to find our own footing. READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' “Understand a brand new boat in a totally new country. That puts pressure on everybody,” Kerry added to TV Insider. “For me, it’s understanding that everyone is human. Everyone gets a pass, but if you start taking my kindness for weakness, that’s when I change gears.” As well as the workings of a yacht, Below Deck Adventure also followed the personal lives of the young people who worked and lived on the boat. Although the crew often clash, they come together to provide a memorable experience for their affluent and sometimes demanding charter guests. They also had the opportunity to take place in a number of outdoor activities including rock climbing, parasailing, and horseback riding. Fans of the show were quick to comment about Kerry’s captainship, acknowledging his hands are full and recognising other teammates need to pull their weight. One such incident saw Kerry put newbie Seth in his place after an onboard clash. Twitter user @rup14506973 empathises with Kerry, tweeting: “@Capt_Kerry You got your hands full... Faye needs to relax a bit, she does ask Deck for a lot of help but doesn't get it when she really needs it. Lewis needs to communicate better. Jess needs to listen better and Seth, needs to chill rather than think he is better than others.” Whilst @getagripquick pointed out and commended Kerry’s ability to put crewmates like Seth in his place: “Sooo pleased cap’n Kerry put Seth in his place. Pipe down newbie. #belowdeckadventure.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’The View crowd told to cheer Whoopi more than others amid controversyYellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint A disgruntled and supportive @existensible backed this up by saying: “#belowdeckadventure Seth is the typical American entitled boy who has been told his entire life he is brilliant and should have everything because he asks for it. @Capt_Kerry saw right through you mate. Calm down and do your job. #teamLewis.” (Sic) Since Lewis Bosun was down a deckhand, Captain Kerry found a replacement as soon as he could, leading to Seth Jacobson’s arrival. Seth is actually a certified captain himself, but he took the job of deckhand aboard the super yacht Mercury because it was his first opportunity to work in Europe. On Below Deck Adventure, Lewis even said that the New England native has more experience on yachts than he does. Since Lewis has already been struggling with communication and leadership, fans already see that Seth seems like a good replacement. However, already ruffling up a few feathers, Seth asked Kerry what he thinks about crewmate Lewis and said that he would be better suited to lead the deck crew and finish off the rest of the season. Kerry, naturally, shut Seth down and told viewers in a confessional that he should focus on the job he was hired for and prove himself there first. Upon reflecting on the crew dynamic this season, Kerry said he had no idea staff had worked together previously, making the dynamic interesting. “We have some staff who have worked together in the past. I didn’t know their dynamic on previous boats. I wasn’t aware they were on the same boat before until later in the season.” It seems viewers are glued to their seats this season and what’s to come, with Captain Kerry already proving to be a fan favourite. Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK.