Arsenal target Facundo Torres has confirmed there has been interest in him from the Gunners. The Uruguay international has revealed he dreams of playing in Europe and the Premier League. Torres is one of a host of wingers to have been linked with Arsenal in recent months. Mikel Arteta is prioritising the signing of a wide player in this window. Mykhaylo Mudryk was the top target but he has joined Chelsea instead. Arteta is now on the search for alternatives to the Ukraine star. Rumours surrounding a move for Torres have gone quiet in recent weeks. The 22-year-old Orlando City star has had just one full season in MLS. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  He has 13 goals and 10 assists in 40 appearances for Orlando. His performances have caught Arsenal's eye and Torres has revealed the Gunners made contact with his club before the World Cup. However, he was focused on matters with Uruguay and did not want transfer talk to disrupt him. Torres told 90min: "Orlando City confirmed to me that there was contact with Arsenal, but then I left for the World Cup and I didn’t want to hear about a potential transfer at that point. "So the conversation stayed there but now that I am back with the team, we will see where the conversation goes." Torres has confirmed he would love to play in either the Premier League or La Liga in the future. He added: "I would love to play in Europe. It’s a dream I’ve had since I was a kid. DON'T MISSArsenal make Rice 'top target' and confident of beating Chelsea to transferLiverpool board's four options to replace Klopp as Anfield crisis worsensSolskjaer may have signed the next Man Utd No 7 before his sacking  "At the moment I am focused on Orlando City. But La Liga or Premier League would be my targets, and that’s where the rumours are coming from. But yeah, I would absolutely love that." Torres has a contract with Orlando until the end of 2025, with the Florida-based team having an option to extend it by a further year. The forward is yet to score in his 10 caps for his country and didn't play a single minute of the tournament in Qatar. Brighton's Leandro Trossard is another wide option for Arsenal in this window. The Belgian has reportedly been offered to the Gunners after a falling out with Seagulls boss Roberto De Zerbi. Barcelona's Raphinha is also back on Arsenal's radar. However, he will be reluctant to leave the Nou Camp just over six months after joining from Leeds.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here