Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has been branded as “weak” by several politicians for his handling of former Party Chairman Nadhim Zahawi’s tax affair scandal. Mr Sunak launched an investigation into Mr Zahawi on Monday, January 23, before sacking him six days later, on Sunday, January 29, for a “serious breach” of the ministerial code. A new poll of Express.co.uk readers has shown widespread agreement that Mr Sunak is a weak Prime Minister. Mr Sunak told NHS staff in County Durham on Monday, January 30, that he had “acted pretty decisively” over Mr Zahawi and made a “very quick decision” following the findings of an independent inquiry. He said: “What I have done is follow a process, which is the right process. Integrity is really important to me.” However, the Prime Minister’s judgement has been questioned by some Tory MPs who claim he should have sacked his Party Chairman sooner. One Tory MP said: “We picked Rishi as he was supposed to be the new broom to clean up Boris’s mess, but it’s been worse. You cannot move for dirt.” Meanwhile, broadcaster and former Tory MP Michael Portillo said Mr Sunak should have rid Mr Zahawi as soon as it was clear he was not being honest instead of ordering an investigation. He said: “It pains me to say this, but I think on the whole it makes Rishi look weak. He must have been kicking himself that he decided to refer this to an investigation rather than going with a decision straight away.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer claimed that the job of Prime Minister is “too big” for Mr Sunak during Prime Minister’s Questions last week. He said Mr Sunak’s handling of Mr Zahawi shows “how hopelessly weak he is – a prime minister overseeing chaos, overwhelmed at every turn”. Labour MP Chris Bryant also tweeted: “Sunak looks weak weak weak. Some people seem to grow when they achieve the highest office, others seem diminished. Sunak is in the latter category.” READ MORE: Tories urged to axe ‘weak’ Sunak to survive as leading party In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, January 26, to 2pm on Tuesday, January 31, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Do you think Rishi Sunak is a ‘weak’ Prime Minister?” Overall, 7,183 votes were cast, with the vast majority of readers, 83 percent (5,976 people), answering “yes” Mr Sunak is a weak Prime Minister. In contrast, 15 percent (1,104 people) said “no” he is not, and a further 102 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Mr Sunak’s leadership. Many readers commented in agreement that Mr Sunak was weak. Username Da'rcy Bear wrote: “He is weak and not fit for office.” Similarly, username Grimreaper said: “Weak...he needs to go.” Username Dustyroad remarked: “Rishi isn't a leader, he's a manager.” And username Disgusted from..... Added that he was “not just weak — hopeless!” DON'T MISS: Rees-Mogg warns against being 'too snowflakey' over Raab bullying [LATEST]Sunak and Hunt told to ‘prove IMF wrong’ by cutting taxes [REPORT]Sunak accuses striking workers of costing economy £2bn [UPDATE] Mr Sunak took office after former Prime Minister Liz Truss’ premiership ended after just six weeks and no other candidate reached the threshold of 100 supporting MPs. He entered Number 10 on October 25 without a public mandate. Username Cabbagio said: “He shouldn't even be Prime Minster. He was not voted for by this country.” Username sovereignty said: “He was imposed on the country without a mandate.” Another, username uptheworkers, commented: “Would never have been there if the people had their say. Elected by the Tory Party elite.” And username English7 said: “He is not fit to be Prime Minister. The general public did not vote for him. Time for a general election so the people can decide who they want as Prime Minister.”  Meanwhile, other readers shared which Prime Ministers they thought to be stronger than Mr Sunak. Username jjedinburgh wrote: “Bring back Boris” Username Finchleydales agreed, commenting: “Yes, most definite, bring back Boris!” While username bobbyb1007 said: “Only strong Prime Minister we have had since WW2 is Margaret Thatcher. Rest are just pathetic stooges.” Mr Sunak has been in office for almost 100 days and has faced waves of strike action across the public sector and further Tory sleaze allegations.Yet he still has time to prove his leadership ahead of the next general election which is scheduled to be held no later than January 2025.