Arsenal have been told the Premier League is theirs to lose, despite the fact they dropped two points against Newcastle on Tuesday night. The Gunners have been in scintillating form all season and have stormed to the top of the table after winning 14 of their 17 matches. Before this campaign, Arsenal had been unable to launch a title challenge since Arsene Wenger was in charge and could only aim for a top four place at best. But the Gunners have clicked this season and have impressed thanks to their attacking impetus and defensive resolve. Manchester City and Liverpool have been the two top Premier League teams in recent years. But ahead of Wednesday’s matches, the Citizens found themselves eight points behind the Gunners in second, with the Reds 16 points off top spot in sixth. And ex-Liverpool star John Aldridge thinks Arsenal are now in the driving seat. “Man City have continued to be a thorn in Liverpool's side in recent years, preventing us from dominating the division,” Aldridge wrote in the Liverpool Echo. READ MORE: Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan after Brentford loss     “That this is the one season they happen to be off the pace and we're not there to capitalise makes it all the more galling. City are far from being at their best right now, as shown against Everton, but we are being caught out massively. This uninspiring season has come at the worst possible time for Liverpool, and it's now Arsenal's league to lose.” Arsenal were frustrated by the Magpies at the Emirates Stadium and couldn’t find a way past the visitors’ impregnable defence, despite piling on the pressure. The Gunners had two penalty appeals turned down as Dan Burn pulled Gabriel back, before Jacob Murphy appeared to handle the ball. DON'T MISSGary Speed's widow Louise suffers more heartbreak as husband dies from cancerNewcastle may have pulled off masterstroke as Maddison swap opens upWhat Man Utd chiefs think about Ten Hag after Rashford punishment   But ex-Manchester United right-back Gary Neville thinks the north Londoners can win the league if they bolster their squad with a new striker. “Arsenal ran out of ideas,” Neville said. “Arsenal can win the league, but they will need to go into the transfer market. When are they going to be in this position again? You don't know. “They have a small chance of winning the league and if they go big on a striker this window, I think that is how they could win the league. Can they find two players who can bolster that squad and change the game, maybe win the game from the squad? It's a massive few months for [Mikel] Arteta.” 