David Moyes has been opening up on his sacking from Manchester United. And the Scot was actually one of the people Erik ten Hag wanted to know about before taking over at Old Trafford back in the summer. The Dutchman is working wonders at the fallen Premier League giants, sparking hope the glory days could be poised to return. When Ferguson stepped down in 2013, it was an announcement that rocked the footballing world and changed the landscape of the Premier League. And while there was talk about Jose Mourinho potentially coming in as a replacement, Moyes ended up getting the job instead. His reign started well enough, with United beating Wigan 2-0 to win the Community Shield courtesy of a double from Robin van Persie. But that was as good as it would get for the current West Ham boss, whose position is now under threat over at the London Stadium. Moyes would last just 10 months in the dugout, failing to win round the club’s senior players with the board also unable to give him sufficient transfer backing. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Ten Hag is the latest manager to be given the United job, having replaced interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of last season. And, back in the summer, the Daily Mail said the 52-year-old wanted to know why the club had ‘spat out’ established bosses since Ferguson’s retirement - with Moyes among them. In the end, the Dutchman must have got the information he needed because he agreed to take the job regardless. Though his tenure started with back to back defeats against Brighton and Brentford, Ten Hag has started to win everyone round in the role. Saturday’s stirring 2-1 victory over Manchester City was his biggest result yet, with goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford giving his side all three points. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see It’ll be intriguing to see if the Red Devils can continue their fine form, with Crystal Palace up next on Wednesday night (8pm). Moyes has been speaking to businessman Steven Barlett on YouTube and slammed United for the way they handled his departure. “I always think you have to give bad news well,” he said. “You're the boss, you run a really big business like Manchester United. “If you've got any class or any style, when you're having to give bad news out, it has to be done in a good way. “I felt the way I was told (about the sacking) wasn't done as well as it should've been. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It could've been done better and made a lot easier. Looking back now, you think 'hey, that's life, get on with it' but if you're one of the biggest sports businesses in the world, if not the biggest, you would hope you would do things correctly. “I found out about my sacking through the media. I tried to make contact and say 'why don't we meet up' but it didn't suit and before I knew it they called me in the day after and the whole world knew about it before I got to know. “Sometimes people want to get it done right and I didn't think it was right. “But I genuinely don't have any real gripe about it because of the industry I'm in.” Moyes has also hit out at United in the past for hiring the likes of Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. “The club ‘tended to pick British managers and I can say that’s gone,” he said. “There have been a few changes at Manchester United but that’s the way they have chosen to go. “They were a football club who enjoyed traditions with the way they spent. “They didn’t try to compete with all the other clubs. They did what they thought was the right thing to do and spent the right way. “Maybe that has had to change because of the current situation. [But] Sir Alex [Ferguson] went out and bought wisely and correctly in the transfer market and what he thought he needed to do.”