Novak Djokovic has made a decision about playing the Australian Open while injured, and confirmed he will "keep trying" despite raising concerns about his hamstring issue. The fourth seed outlasted qualifier Enzo Couacaud 6-1 6-7(5) 6-2 6-0 in the second round but later admitted that his injury was "not good at all" and has now confessed that he is worried about it during his campaign for a record 10th title at Melbourne Park. Djokovic has been carrying a hamstring injury for two weeks, first picking it up during his Adelaide International semi-final against Daniil Medvedev, where he was able to come through and win the title. But the injury has now become more serious than it initially appeared, as the world No 5 needed a medical time out to re-apply his strapping during the second set and later told Eurosport that the hamstring was "not good at all" despite coming through in three hours. The nine-time champion Down Under elaborated on his injury after the match and has confessed that he is concerned about whether it can hold up for seven matches over the course of two weeks to win another title but vowed to keep trying. "My situation with my injury is not ideal. I obviously don't want to go too deep into that," he confessed. "I wish that some things were different with the way I feel with my leg, but it is what it is. I have to take it day by day." But Djokovic was looking at the positives as he admitted it was helpful to have a day off in between matches, adding: "Good thing that we have in Grand Slams is always a day off between the matches, so at least you have some time to try to recover and get ready for the next match." JUST IN: Rublev rages at umpire after being accused of swearing in Russian   And Djokovic said he would be sticking with that plan, revealing that he had scrapped practice sessions on his days off altogether in a bid to rest the hamstring. "That's what I'm going to do. I am not practicing basically on the days between 'cause I'm trying to give myself the more time possible for my leg to be in somewhat of an 'ideal' state for performance on a high level," he added. The 35-year-old also got candid as he confessed that he was worried about whether he could last for the entirety of the Australian Open when asked if he was concerned about the prospect of playing seven best-of-five matches over the space of two weeks. He responded: "I am worried. I mean, I cannot say that I'm not. I have reason to be worried. "But at the same time I have to accept the circumstances and try to adjust myself with my team. My physio and medical team has been doing everything possible so that I can be able to play every match." DON'T MISSRuud admits he and Nadal may have made same error before Aus OpenAus Open wildcard in tears after upsetting Fritz in front of home fansAlexander Zverev left embarrassed after bird poos on him at Aus Open   Djokovic admitted that he knew pulling out was an option but was defiant as he committed to keep trying, adding: "There's not much more to talk about. There's two choices: leave it or keep going. So I'm going to keep going. I'm going to try to play and compete with, of course, a great player Dimitrov in a couple days' time." The 21-time Grand Slam winner suffered a similar fate during his run to the title in 2021 when he tore his ab in his third-round match against Taylor Fritz but was able to win the tournament, though he knew it could be more difficult this time around. "I know matches are only going to get tougher for me from here," Djokovic said. "Two years ago I had kind of similar circumstances here in Australia with a different muscle where I had a tear and I had to deal with that. Somehow I pushed it through and won the tournament. But it's different now, obviously. I don't know how my body's going to react. I hope for the best. I hope for the positive outcome. I'll take it day by day, match by match, and see how it goes." 