While the Government has acted with the biggest intervention in its history to cap rail fare increases for 2023 at 5.9 percent instead of rising with the UK’s staggering inflation rate, tickets are still largely expensive amid the growing list of other price hikes. However, there are a few tips circulating that can help ease the pressure of increasing travel costs. Cheap train ticket site Split My Fare has uncovered six handy ways of capitalising on loopholes, utilising discounts, and pre-planning, that can easily save the typical passenger hundreds of pounds a year. A spokesperson from Split My Fare commented: “The cost of living crisis is being felt nationwide this winter, so it’s important to make the most of opportunities to travel as cost-effectively as possible. Using these tips will help people to do just that and minimise the impact of what can be a costly process.” According to the cheap ticket site, one “loophole” people can use to make a saving is to renew their railcard just before their birthday to save more for longer. Split My Fare experts said: "Buying or renewing a 16-25 railcard the day before your 24th Birthday if you are buying a three-year railcard, or the day before your 26th if you are getting a one-year railcard will extend the life of your railcard.”  READ MORE: Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade  They continued: “This simple trick will ensure you are eligible for the associated discount for almost an entire extra year, saving an average of £199. The same trick for a 25-30 railcard with renewal or purchase being done just before the 31st birthday can also earn an extra year’s discount.” Pre-plan the journey According to the experts, booking a train ticket 12 weeks in advance can afford people the best discounts. They explained: “Advance fares are much cheaper than flexible tickets, and as they are usually available around three months before the date of travel, there is plenty of time to finalise plans before purchase. “A single journey from London to Manchester is up to 25 percent cheaper when booked in advance with the advance ticket costing just £39.40 compared to a £68.20 flexible ticket.” DON'T MISS: Cruise guest issues warning - could ‘bleed you dry’ [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Travel expert shares reason to ‘book on a Wednesday’ [EXPLAINED]     This equates to a saving of nearly £30. And, even if people can’t book tickets so far ahead of time, advance tickets may be available up until an hour before departure. Split My Fare noted: “Tickets are subject to availability and can often sell out in busy periods due to high demand, so be sure to book your travels well in advance, especially if you are travelling for an occasion that is likely to see busy railways.” Railcards are huge savers As mentioned in the first tip, purchasing a railcard can help make an average saving of £199 per year. While they might seem like an expensive investment for those who don’t regularly travel by train, Split My Fare suggests not “underestimating” their worth. Most railcards mean you could save up to a third on train fares. READ MORE: 'I'm a personal finance expert and my 10 money tips could save £50'  The experts said: “With this achieving an average annual saving of £199, often the railcard will pay for itself within the first two or three journeys. For instance, at the time of writing, a single fare from Birmingham to London is around £15 cheaper using a 16-25 railcard. The railcard costs just £30 so it pays for itself within two trips.” Travel during off-peak times to save up to 34 percent The cheapest tickets are available when people choose to travel during off-peak times. Split My Fare experts said: “Generally, any time post 9.30am in large towns and cities, and 9am for other locations are considered off-peak, while weekends and bank holidays are always off-peak. A single journey from Oxford to London Paddington drops by just under ten pounds when the departure time is after 9.30am, approximately a discount of 22 percent.” So, those who can be flexible with their departure time could delay a journey by just a few minutes to prevent having to spend extra money on anytime travel tickets. The experts said: “Some train operators provide super off-peak tickets which can be even cheaper, and all railcard holders get 34 percent off all off-peak fares, proving again that railcards are incredibly worthwhile.” Get refunds when entitled to them Different train operators have different compensation schemes, but all allow people to claim when trains are delayed - even by as little as 15 minutes. While most delays are very minor, between 30 percent and 40 percent of railway trips suffer some form of delay, and with 84.2 percent of claims being compensated, it’s always worth people checking if they’re entitled to a refund. Information on compensation and refunds for all operators can be found on the National Rail website under ‘Compensation for Delays’.  Split My Fare experts said: “You should always try and make your claim within 28 days of departure date and, crucially, you must always keep your tickets to be with a chance of being compensated. Industrial action remains a prospect likely to affect journeys over the winter period, under National Rail policy, anyone whose service is cancelled, delayed or rescheduled will be entitled to a refund from the original retailer of their ticket.” Travel together to save on tickets If two people regularly travel together, the Two Together railcard can save up to a third in costs for both passengers. Split My Fare experts said: “If you’re making your journey in a group of three to nine people, splitmyfare.co.uk offers GroupSave cheap tickets with a third off routes during off-peak hours. All tickets must be booked together, and all passengers must travel together, so make your plans to capitalise on this. GroupSave is not available with every operator so it’s worth checking all of your options in advance.” 