Chelsea icon Frank Leboeuf produced a scathing assessment of his former side under Graham Potter after the Blues suffered their second defeat in a week to Manchester City on Sunday. A 4-0 loss to Pep Guardiola’s outfit saw them crash out of the FA Cup in the third round, while Chelsea are currently sat tenth in the Premier League table. Pressure has continued to grow on boss Potter as he took charge of the club in fifth when Thomas Tuchel was sacked, and a run of disappointing results and performances has seen them tumble down into mid-table. Leboeuf has called for change at Stamford Bridge following their second defeat to Manchester City and hit out at the spine of the team including Jorginho, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz for their performances. “Mr Potter, enough is enough now, something needs to be changed,” Leboeuf told ESPN. “That's not the club I know. You are so far away from being a champion of Europe. I'm very upset with what I see. I think it's really disrespectful. They don't do anything to at least make people proud. Fight! Go for it! “I've never seen Chelsea so low. The players don't have the will, they don't have the guts, they don't have the courage to fight for their colours. They don't have pride. The players who are forming the spine, they are shameful. "They do nothing. I don't know what Kai Havertz is doing. Mason, I love you, but come on! I don't know what Jorginho is doing on the pitch still. I see players convinced of nothing and proving nothing. They showed disrespect toward the fans and Chelsea Football Club. I'm talking about so-called leaders, not the young players.”  Fans were chanting Tuchel’s name as they called for the German to return to Stamford Bridge, following a disappointing first half that saw Chelsea go down 3-0 thanks to goals from Riyad Mahrez, Julian Alvarez and Phil Foden. The Algerian added his second in the second half and despite senior players not performing to their highest standards, Potter believes they are working as hard as possible. "Yes [players are giving everything],” Potter said. “This opponent is probably the worst opponent you can play when things aren't going very well because they can make it look like you're not running, like you're not trying, because their positional structure is brilliant, they use the full width of the pitch, they keep the ball and make it difficult for you to put any pressure on them. "I am working with the players, I don't get any sense of people with a poor attitude. Everyone wants to try to do better. I think there is support in the dressing room. It is just that we are going through a bad moment and sometimes when you have these moments you need somebody or something to blame, I understand where that question comes from. But at the same time, we have to stick together and keep working."