How has it been whipped up into such a toxic subject with people getting extremely angry and in some cases resorting to violence? I have a very good friend who changed from being a man to a woman because she felt it was the right thing for her to do and ever since she changed she has been a happy, contented person. She has changed fully and nobody would know it from looking at her. She did not make a big fuss about it, abusing and harassing people. She is just living her life, but this whole trans thing is a load of baloney, to use an American term. Trans, as far as I am concerned, means that you are transitioning from the sex you were born as to the sex you wish to be. That shouldn’t mean the need for special rights. It doesn’t need 68 different terms to describe whatever different gender identities somebody wants to be today, and it certainly doesn’t need people to be making up a load of different pronouns they want to be called by. Sam Smith may have a great voice and some lovely shirts, but his gender views are rubbish. The only thing this garbage is achieving is creating more so-called hate crimes for our unfit-for-purpose police to waste their time on. How long will it be before it’s an arrestable offence to call someone “him”, or “her”, when he or she wants to be called “they” or “ze”or whatever? It may be considered hate speech already. The real crimes that police should be concentrating on include women being harmed by men taking advantage of the loony orthodoxy that says if they want to identify as women, without even properly transitioning, then they can, and happily barge their way into female-only spaces. So, according to some of the headlines, Rishi Sunak is declaring war on the waves of illegal migrants flooding towards our shores. The suggestion is he wants to “drive a coach and horses” through the 1951 Refugee Convention, a United Nations treaty which defines who a refugee is, lays out the responsibilties of nations that grant asylum and states who do not qualify as refugees. Of course this possible action has been met with screams of opposition, both from people like Refugee Council chief Enver Solomon and also some Home Office civil servants who are against the plans. There are major problems with Rishi’s possible root and branch approach. One is that he said people who entered the country illegally and have been removed will have no right to re-entry. But there is, basically, no legal route for entry. Only Ukrainian refugees, Hong Kong objectors and Afghans who worked with the UK before the Taliban takeover have that possibility. And frankly, those fleeing Afghanistan are having a tough time getting out at the moment. One suggestion is that the Government should set up reception offices in foreign countries where asylum seekers could go to be processed to attempt legal entry. That might help stem the flood paying thousands to cross the Channel in small boats and systematise and check migrant entry. The parents of Zara Aleena have every right to think the probation service has blood on its hands after Jordan McSweeney murdered the trainee lawyer nine days after his release from prison, having been wrongly assessed as “medium risk”. There are suggestions that part of the problem goes back to the splitting of the National Probation Service in 2014. A privatised branch assessed McSweeney as medium risk. He had 28 previous convictions over 17 years. There was a problem of probation staff being overloaded at this office and many others in London, said the Chief Inspector of Probation Justin Russell. Asked if Londoners were safe, he said “impossible to say”. His inspectorate had rated 10 out of 17 probation areas in England and Wales “inadequate” in the past 18 months. “Simply not good enough.” Too right! I'm still not convinced by the so-called “climate emergency”. Last week we possibly missed being wiped out by an asteroid a mere 2,000 miles above South America. And nobody even knew it was coming until a week or two ago. So in spite of all the deep space science, computer modelling and climate boffinry, there’s no absolute certainty that we won’t be wiped out by rising sea levels or fried by zooming temperatures – or even, after the last chilly weeks, the next ice age. I am, however, a big fan of cleaning up the planet and cutting pollution. But I do feel that cutting back on fossil fuels is not feasible until we have made sure that nuclear power, wind power, solar power, hydrogen and all the other non-fossil types of fuel called renewables can be relied upon whenever we need them. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has stuck his nose into politics again, saying further health funding “is going to have to come from taxation, which means all of us”. This when people are on their knees praying for taxes to fall. Welby should remember that he is not an elected representative of the people. He is nothing more than the leader of a faith which may have some truth or may not. But he is certainly someone who won’t have to worry about choosing between heating or eating – although his Lambeth Palace doubtless has a hefty heating bill. Talking of which, back last June, some Tory MPs demanded he give up his palaces to house illegal immigrants and fund them after denouncing deportations as “immoral”. No heavenly action on that yet... What a week last week was. Those of you who have had any sort of cancer treatment or any serious pain or illness will probably have come in contact with steroids – anti-inflamatory medicines used for everything from asthma to arthritis. My doctors have wanted me to come off them. I’ve been on them for quite a while. They take away almost all pain and make you feel great, but coming off them is another story. My sympathy goes out to anyone else going through steroid cold turkey. I seem to be through it now, thank goodness, and it’s a question of clearing your body out and giving it a rest, otherwise you begin to turn into Mr Blobby. And, let’s face it – I was halfway there already!