A 16-year-old boy appeared at Newcastle Upon Tyne Magistrates' Court charged with the murder of 15-year-old Holly Newton. Holly was found with stab wounds in Hexham, Northumberland on Friday evening and later died in hospital. A 16-year-old boy, was also taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. The suspect, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with murder, attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon. In a statement released on Monday Holly's family said she was a "bright and bubbly girl" who was "loved by so many". They said: "Holly was always a popular girl, who was loved by so many people - not just in Hexham - but all over the North East. "Holly also loved dancing and was so talented - and a big part of her spare time was spent at classes and taking part in competitions up and down the country. "She had her whole life ahead of her and we are still coming to terms with the fact that our beautiful and loving girl is no longer with us. "Rest in peace to our baby girl - we love you so much and our lives will never be the same without you here. You touched so many hearts and you will be missed beyond words by all of your family and loved ones."  Floral tributes left at the scene paid tribute to Holy with her family saying they are "devastated beyond words". A note left by Holly’s mother read: “To our baby Holly. Our hearts hurt so much right now. We love you so much. Love mam and Lee. See you soon beautiful.” Northumbria Police said: "Holly still had so much left to look forward to in life, and this tragic incident has left her family devastated beyond words. "Our thoughts are with both families involved and their loved ones as we continue to support them in every way we can." The force confirmed their investigation is ongoing. Appearing in court, the 16-year-old spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and address before he was remanded in custody. Wearing a grey tracksuit he was remanded into youth detention accommodation until his next appearance at Newcastle Crown Court on Wednesday February 1. District judge Paul Currer told the youth: "The allegations against you are very serious. For that reason you can't be dealt with in this court. I am going to send your case to the crown court."  Hexam mayor, Derek Kennedy said it has been a "massive shock" to the whole community. He added: "The whole town is still coming to terms with this, it's been a massive shock. "I was at Hexham Abbey where they've held a service for Holly, I lit a candle as did other people to pay tribute. "A young girl who's just starting life and attending the local high school, starting her education and getting out there, it's just terrible, as a town we pay tribute to her. "It's going to have a big impact on all the schoolchildren when they go back on Monday because one of their own won't be coming back ever again." Holly's school, Queen Elizabeth High School, paid tribute saying she was a "conscientious, helpful and kind" student. The school continued: "Our thoughts are with Holly's family at this time of unbearable pain. We will come together as a school community on Monday to support each other as we grieve." Hexam was named the happiest place to live in Britain in 2021 following a survey by Rightmove.