A man whose mother was raped by a serial sex offender since given 13 life sentences has begged for her attacker not to be released from jail. Andrew Barlow, 66, is due to be set free this month after the Parole Board reviewed his case. This is despite his convictions of 11 rapes, three attempted rapes, indecent assault, and using a firearm to resist arrest. When Barlow, formerly Andrew Longmire, raped one victim in 1981, her son was just six and now, he says it has a profound effect on him and his mum. Speaking today to Manchester Evening News, the son said: "I was sat at the breakfast table with my little sister. It was about 8am and my dad had left for work. Then on the back door there was two loud bangs. I though it was my dad coming back. "There was a man, masked. I remember my mum, I think telling my sister and I to play outside. The next thing I recall was my mum dragging me across the road to a neighbour's house. We stayed there while an ambulance was called for my mum. "My dad couldn't handle it, he had an affair, got divorced from my mum and moved away. We went from a lovely family to my mum having to claim social and we moved to a council estate. My mum then took numerous jobs to look after my sister and I. Before the attack she was never a great drinker but that changed after what happened. "I was absolutely furious when I found out Longmire was being released. I cried my eyes out because I remembered the affect it had on my mother and her life." The mother died in her 40s after a battle with cancer. The attack began Barlow's first of two terrifying campaigns of rape. His tariff, after sentencing in 1988, was fixed at 20 years. But in the decades that followed, Barlow was linked to more offending, as two previously unsolved cases were cracked and he was given two further life sentences in 2010 and 2017. And the son believes the sex offender, originally from Bolton, Greater Manchester, remains a danger to the public. He continued: "What Longmire did had a torrid affect on her [his mother]. The thing that haunts me most is how my mum suffered. "We went from being in a nice home to a broken home. But my mum carried on - she did her best for us, and her children turned out okay. My sister and I did okay getting decent jobs but it is my mum I feel for. She had a couple of boyfriends in later life but she never settled down with another man. "I am disgusted and appalled by the decision to release Longmire. He received 13 life sentences. I get that people do change over the years and should be rehabilitated, but not in his case. This was not a one off offence. My mum was the first victim and another 12 followed. We are just one family - think of the pain he has caused to all of them. "My mum went to court to see him get convicted and as she was the first victim her case was featured in a Crimewatch reconstruction on TV. She was in her late twenties when she was attacked and it affected her for the rest of her life."  The man has now made a formal request to the Parole Board for the decision to release Barlow to be reconsidered. "I have been told that if he is released it will not be to Greater Manchester," he said. "But I don't think he should ever come out." In his written application for decision to release Barlow to be reconsidered he says: "My mother doesn’t have a voice anymore but I do, we are just one family to be rocked to the core by this man. We put this behind us as a family and had moved on, until reading for the first time last week, on Barlow's upcoming release, can you imagine the shock and all those painful memories, returning once again. "Put yourselves in my family’s shoes, I’m a man who has been reduced to tears and heartbreak again. I have read the Parole Board's decision...he has only spent little over a year in open conditions, (after) 34 years in prison and after a year he’s suitable for release...is it a case of bed space needed?" The man, who fears Barlow is still a danger to the public, added: "You cannot release this man...out of God damn respect to the victims, and the life of pain he has caused them." Just like another one of the victim's families, the son only found out about the consideration to release Barlow through media reports. Justice Minister, Dominic Raab, has now ordered an investigation into why several of the 13 victims were not told of the Parole Board decision after the matter was raised in the House of Commons by Blackley and Broughton MP, Graham Stringer.  Barlow was dubbed "The Coronation Street rapist" as most of the victims were attacked in their own terraced homes, in the north of England - the majority living in Greater Manchester. Two of the attacks took place in the street. A Parole Board Decision Summary says: "In 2020, a panel of the Parole Board considered his case and recommended transfer to open conditions. This recommendation was accepted by the Secretary of State and Mr Barlow was transferred to open conditions in January 2021. "Following that move, he had successfully undertaken periods of temporary release where he was escorted by a prison officer. The panel heard how well he was progressing in open conditions. In June 2022, Mr Barlow was moved back to closed conditions. After hearing from witnesses and Mr Barlow, the panel concluded that the evidence did not support the reasons for the transfer back to closed prison. "The panel examined the release plan provided by Mr Barlow’s probation officer and weighed its proposals against assessed risks. The plan included a requirement to reside in designated accommodation as well as strict limitations on Mr Barlow’s contacts, movements and activities. The panel concluded this plan was robust enough to manage Mr Barlow in the community at this stage." 