A woman in her 20s has died and another is in hospital following a dog attack in which seven of the animals were found at the scene. The incident occurred in Caterham, Surrey, where she was pronounced dead at the scene. The other woman was rushed to hospital with dog bites, but her condition is understood to not be life-threatening. The dead woman is yet to be identified but her next of kin have been informed, and specialist police officers are supporting them. Armed officers and National Police Air Service found seven dogs at the scene, which have been taken in police custody. Road closures have been put in place around Gravelly Hill, and police remain at the scene. The police service is urging people in the community not to speculate about what led to the woman's death.  Chief Inspector Alan Sproston said: "Our thoughts are with the family of the woman who sadly died this afternoon. This incident will be concerning to the local community and I would like to reassure them that we believe all dogs have been accounted for and are in police custody. "Our investigation to establish the circumstances of the incident remains ongoing and we would ask the community not to speculate." A statement from the Surrey force said: "Officers were called to Gravelley Hill in Caterham following reports of a dog attacking members of the public at 2.45pm this afternoon. "Sadly, despite best efforts of paramedics, a woman in her 20s was pronounced dead at the scene. Although formal identification is yet to take place, her next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. "A second woman is in hospital receiving treatment for dog bites. Her condition is not life-threatening."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express