Joe Biden has insisted that he has "no regrets" and that there is "nothing there" as he continues to face the heat over misplaced classified documents. Speaking to reporters, Mr Biden said that the documents were "filed in the wrong place" and that his officials "immediately" turned them over to the Archives and Justice Department.  He insisted that his administration was "fully cooperating" with the Department of Justice investigation and was "looking forward" to the matter being resolved. He said: "We found a handful of documents that were filed in the wrong place. "We immediately turned them over to the Archives and Justice Department. "We are fully cooperating and looking forward to getting this resolved quickly.   "I think you are going to find there is nothing there. I have no regrets. "I'm following what the lawyers have told me they want me to do. It's exactly what we're doing."  READ MORE: Child's body found in search for missing Athena Brownfield,  Last November Mr Biden's personal lawyers were packing files from an office that he had in Washington used for his work for the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement a think tank that was founded by the University of Pennsylvania. According to the White House, some documents were found in a "locked closet" that should not have been there. The documents were then turned over to he National Archives, according to NPR.  DON'T MISS: Man found alive after three days 'at bottom of the sea' [REVEAL] Woman working two jobs to pay for mum's cancer treatment decapitated [INSIGHT] Calls for Kamala Harris to be 'fired' over immigration explosion [SPOTLIGHT]  By mid November John Lausch, a Trump-appointed US Attorney in Chicago was appointed to oversee a review of the misplaced documents. On December 20, Mr Lausch was informed by Mr Biden's personal counsel Robert Bauer that more documents had been found in the garage of the President's private home in Wilmington, Delaware. On January 11, Mr Biden's personal attorneys searched his homes in Wilmington and Rehoboth Beach and found one classified document at his Wilmington residence. 