The culinary star revealed she once accidentally attended an orgy with a male friend when she was just 19. Prue Leith was keen to keep her clothes on, but quickly realised it would make her stand out in the uncomfortable situation. She shared: “When I was in Paris as a young woman, I went to an orgy. And it really was an orgy, when we walked through the door there were all these...I mean, I actually thought I was going to a party. “I was taken by a friend of mine, it wasn't a boyfriend. But he said, 'Look, I know where this great party is going on'. "And so off we went. And we walked through the door, and they were just rooms full of bouncing bare bottoms on bean bags all over the floor. “This is the 60s. And I thought, 'Oh my God', and he just vanished. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham says ‘nothing ever came easy' to her “He thought, 'Good'. And he was off. So I went to the bar. And I tried to pretend that I wanted to drink. “And then people kept coming up to me and saying, 'Why have you got your clothes on? Get your kit off, don't you realise this is a gangbang',” she added. The star then stripped off to spare more blushes in the bizarre situation. Prue continued to tell the Dirty Mother Pukka podcast: “I couldn't go home because I didn't even know where we were. I haven't got any money. “I had just come out with this guy and so I thought I know, if I take my clothes off I'll actually be more invisible. “I just thought I'd just get that far. So I took my clothes off and you know, it really helped because then people didn't keep saying to me, ‘Why have you got clothes on?’” Prue has certainly had a colourful life, having embarked on a relationship with Rayne Kruger, the husband of her mum's best friend, Nan Munro, when she was 21. After a 13-year fling, the couple eventually married and remained together until his death aged 80 in 2002. DONT MISS:|Davina McCall is adamant she'll never give up her sexy wardrobe (PHOTOS)A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin shares bittersweet family photos (NEWS)Simon Pegg yells 'F*** the Tories' as he slams Rishi Sunak (LATEST) Prue explained in her book: "One evening, when we were in the kitchen, he kissed me. I wish I could say I objected, but I didn’t. So began a 13-year affair. “I was utterly infatuated. I fell completely, thunderously and irredeemably for the husband of my mother’s best friend and partner. “Poor Nan had no idea of the serpent she had let into her nest.” Elsewhere, Prue has revealed how she intends to have the “ultimate happy ending”. She told Express.co.uk: "I'm a great campaigner for assisted dying. I want to be able to top myself when I've had enough of this good life. The ultimate happy ending. "I want to go out with a glass of wine in my hand and a lot of my friends around me. "What started it [campaigning for assisted dying] was that my brother had the most appalling death." You can listen to the full interview with Prue Leith on the Dirty Mother Pukka podcast here.