A maths teacher who was accused of "misgendering" a student and calling Muhammed a "false prophet" has denied misconduct at a hearing this week. Joshua Sutcliffe, an envangelical Christian, was accused of making "inappropriate" comments while working at a school in London, and was also accused of referring to a transgender student as "she" while working at a another school in Oxford. At a misconduct hearing in Oxford this week Andrew Cullen, representing the Teacher Regulation Agency (TRA), said Mr Sutcliffe had a "strong belief and unshakeable conviction" that gender cannot be changed from the one assigned at birth. Mr Sutcliffe is accused of midgendering the student, known as Pupil A, at The Cherwell School in Oxford in 2017. He admitted he used the wrong pronoun but put it down to a "mistake" and denied it was due to his personal beliefs. The former teacher was suspended and later left the school. During an appearance on ITV's This Morning following his suspension, Mr Cullen said Mr Sutcliffe misgendered the student again. The TRA also said Mr Sutcliffe misgendered the pupil again in an email to the school in December 2018. The teacher was also accused of expressing his views on gay marriage and homosexuality while teaching a maths lesson where he was accused of making a comment that his roommate had "stopped being gay through God" - which he denies. Mr Sutcliffe went on to work at St Aloysius' College in Islington, north London, where he was accused of showing students videos that were "inappropriate and had the potential to cause pupils distress". He allegedly played his own video to pupils at the boys-only Roman Catholic school in which he said Muslims have a "false understanding of God" and that Muhammad was a "false prophet". He is also accused of making comments about masculinity, including that there is a "growing problem in today's society that men are not masculine enough" and that women "want real men" and are "not attracted to passive men". READ MORE: Devoted couple that were 'never apart' die within day of each other Mr Sutcliffe has also been accused of saying that children who grow up without a father-figure are more depressed than their peers and are at "far greater risk of incarceration, teen pregnancy and poverty". He accepted that there are videos on his YouTube account portraying these views but denies showing them to students - the tribunal heard. Mr Cullen said: "All these issues are at the tip of public debate at the moment and issues that are hotly contested. "It is not that a teacher can't hold personal beliefs or that one may not express their beliefs in an open way or in a public way - but context is vitally important." DON'T MISS:Putin prepares to blast Ukraine with nuke-capable 'Sledgehammer' [INSIGHT]Putin forced into change over war vehicles after Ukraine attack [ANALYSIS]Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate [COMMENT] Michael Phillips, representing Mr Sutcliffe, said the teacher's views on gender are "controversial but upheld and protected in law". Mr Phillips claimed there was no policy, risk assessment, or report from a social worker or psychologist to require teachers to use Pupil A's preferred pronoun, and Mr Sutcliffe would usually avoid using pronouns by referring to Pupil A by their name. Mr Phillips added: "There's nothing to suggest he must [use male pronouns] except for a brief conversation with a colleague that 'if you don't do this, Pupil A will get mad'." He said Mr Sutcliffe did not believe he had to use Pupil A's preferred pronouns on This Morning or in an email to the school in 2018 as the student was "not privy to those conversations". In response to allegations he showed pupils in Islington his YouTube videos, Mr Phillips said: "He does have a YouTube channel and he would endorse the comment of the video but he didn't show it. It may be that pupils looked him up... found out who he was, saw what he was about." Mr Phillips said even if Mr Sutcliffe had shown the videos, the point of view expressed was something "wholly in keeping with the Christian faith" and "upheld" by the Catholic school. The tribunal continues.  