NCIS: Hawaii paid tribute to one of its key writers at the end of its latest episode with a touching title card. The writer and actress Yakira Chambers was just 42 when she died last November, and fans were left emotional by the CBS drama’s touching message. Lead actress Vanessa Lachey also took to Instagram with her own message of support for Yakira’s family. Viewers took to Twitter emotionally after Monday night’s episode of NCIS: Hawaii featured a sweet dedication to Yakira. The staff writer worked on both seasons of the show before her death at the age of 42 on November 30, 2022. According to reports from Deadline, she died of acute asphyxia and was with her mum outside a mall in Newport Beach, California, when she began having difficulties breathing and collapsed. Yakira’s family said in a statement: “Her sudden and untimely death has left us all grief-stricken." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ “Yakira was a light, a symbol of hope to our community, a steward of our culture, and a representation of what pursuing your dreams looks like.” After the title card dropped in NCIS: Hawaii’s closing tributes, several fans took to Twitter to send their condolences for the show’s loss. Twitter user @earplegalcodes said: “Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) telling Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) she's family and then the tribute to Yakira Chambers nearly had me sobbing.” Trish Wagood wrote: “So Moving... May Yakira Chambers Rest In Peace…” “This ending though... Chosen family is so special #PearlOhana #NCISHawaii Yakira Chambers,” @a_dykawitz tweeted, adding love hearts around Yakira’s name. Jose Correa said: “Yakira Chambers, forever in our hearts.” And @joelygabs posted: “Rest in peace, #YakiraChambers .. #NCISHawaii.” Vanessa’s co-star Jason Antoon also posted the show’s tribute card, which reads: “In loving memory of Yakira Chambers.” DON'T MISS:The Mandalorian fans ‘work out’ dead Jedi’s return [THEORY]NCIS agent Torres ‘goes rogue’ in dangerous undercover mission [VIDEO]1000-lb Best Friends fans outraged by Meghan’s Dr Procter row [BACKLASH] Following Yakira’s death, the lead actress posted a touching message of condolence for her family on Instagram. “It’s been a difficult week for our NCIS Hawai’i Ohana as we mourn the sudden loss of one of our talented writers, Yakira Chambers,” Vanessa wrote. “All of the stories you see us bring to life on screen, started in the writing room and Yakira specifically wrote some of my favourite moments. “She always wrote my character, Jane Tennant, as a strong bada** woman and mother." “It was important to her… and us. Her voice was powerful, and it will be missed greatly. “My heart goes out to her family and loved ones who are currently figuring out life as this has left them in an unexpected precarious position. They’ve set up a GoFundMe page. Any small donation would be appreciated … “I am still at a loss and have hugged my babies even tighter than usual. Yakira, I will miss you, we will miss you… Rest In Love My Beautiful Angel," she concluded. The fundraiser has already reached just over $40,000, so Yakira’s family clearly has immense support from friends, relatives and the NCIS fanbase. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.