Parents have shared their fury after claiming that a teacher at a primary school punished a group of four-year-olds by making them queue in freezing temperatures - without any jumpers or coats on. Family members claim children in a reception class at Francis Askew Primary School, in North Road, came home upset on Tuesday, January 17, after a punishment they said was "disgusting". According to them, the incident began as a class lined up inside the school, ready to learn phonics, when a small number of children were chatting. Parents say the teacher was supervising the class and told the children to be quiet but, when they carried on talking, they ordered a small number of pupils to line up outside the building. The three and four-year-old children had no coats or jumpers on and the temperature outside was below freezing, claimed parents. The school has since apologised, reports HullLive. A family member of two of the children said: "My niece and nephew are both four-years-old and attend the school. That day it was absolutely freezing, we had just had snow and it felt like -7C. They were dressed for inside so had no coats on, no jumpers or cardigans on, and were just wearing t-shirts. They were made to line up outside in the cold, which brought some of them to tears because of how freezing it was. "I think they realised it was a mistake but didn't want to be a pushover, so left them there for over a minute before bringing them back in. We were informed at home time and CCTV showed what had happened."  Parents were shocked at the teacher's choice of punishment and say their children had been kept inside at playtime because of how cold it was. The family member continued: "I just feel disgusted by it and so do the other parents. Everyone is reluctant to send their kids back and we would like my nephew to move to another class. "When parents are at work, they shouldn't have to worry about their children. They should be safe with teachers - I don't want the school to just brush this behaviour under the rug." A spokesperson for The Constellation Trust, which Francis Askew Primary School is part of, said: "The school took the concerns of parents very seriously. Children in EYFS are encouraged to use the outside space throughout the year. "A small number of children were asked to line up outside for a brief period. The school have apologised to the parents of the children involved." 