 Prince Harry’s long-awaited memoir will hit shelves on Tuesday, January 10, over 18 months after it was first announced. However, leaked excerpts from the book have made their way into the press ahead of its release, indicating that the Duke of Sussex is set to address his fractured family relations directly. In one instance, Harry describes his grandmother’s “cryptic” response when he asked her permission to marry his then-girlfriend Meghan Markle.  According to the book, Harry was unsure whether the late Queen Elizabeth II was inferring that she wanted to refuse his request, was being sarcastic or playing word games. The Prince feared he was “doomed to be the next Margaret”, referencing his great aunt and the Queen’s sister, Princess Margaret, who was not allowed to marry Group Captain Peter Townsend in the Fifties. Harry recounts asking his grandmother for permission to propose to Meghan in his memoir, which was released early in Spain. He confesses he was “scared” and always nervous in her presence, adding that the moment was made even more awkward when the monarch frankly replied: “Well then I suppose I have to say yes.” The Prince claims he had no idea what she was saying, questioning whether “she felt had to say yes,” but actually “wanted to say no”. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William: How royal rift broke brothers' 'unique bond'  “I didn't understand,” he writes. “Was she being sarcastic? Ironic? Deliberately cryptic? Was she allowing herself a bit of wordplay? I don’t remember my grandmother being a fan of wordplay and this would have been the strangest time to start being one (without mentioning tremendously inappropriate).” Before asking for his grandmother’s approval, the Prince had confided in his aides Ed Lane Fox and Jason Knauf that he intended to propose. He alleges he was told there were “strict rules” governing such things and that he would have to ask his grandmother. Harry asks if that was a “real rule”, suggesting he was surprised by the instruction, and adding “it didn’t make any sense,” that he had to ask his grandmother for permission to marry. He goes on to recall the “absurdity” of his father, then 56, having to ask the Queen to marry Camilla Parker-Bowles, his long-term girlfriend and now the Queen Consort.   Harry explains that he chose to pose the question during a family shooting trip at Sandringham in October 2017. Having already been warned against the move by his older brother, Harry writes that he opted to tell Prince William first. He claims the then-Duke of Cambridge was “pretty discouraging” about him dating an “American actress”, suggesting that her nationality and profession were comparable to being a “convicted criminal”. Harry then recalls the day in question, describing watching the Queen drive into the middle of a field to look for dead birds, alone without security. He says he tried “to engage her in some light chat” in a bid to “loosen her up,” but admits that “the full seriousness” was “starting to sink in”. He chased after the Queen as she approached her Range Rover, surrounded by hunting dogs. The Prince writes: “Granny, you already know that I love Meg a lot, and I have decided that I’d like to ask her to marry me, and they’ve told me that… well…. I have to get your authorisation before asking for her hand.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks cover to go on dog walk after William attack claim [REVEAL]Inside 'Nott Cott' kitchen where Harry claims William 'attacked him' [INSIGHT]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [ANALYSIS]  She replies: “You have to do that?” “Yes,” he says. “That’s what your people have said and mine too.” The Duke describes her expression as unreadable during the ensuing lengthy pause. Eventually, she replies: “Well then I suppose I have to say yes.” Realising she has given him permission to propose to Meghan, he “splutters” thank you. But despite being desperate to hug his grandmother, he says, he did not, instead opting to help her into the car and make their way back to the rest of the family.  Harry proposed to Meghan the next month, in November, and the official announcement was made not long after. In a showing of the Queen’s affection for Meghan, the monarch broke a long-standing tradition by inviting the future Duchess of Sussex to spend Christmas on her Norfolk estate. The pair got married five months later, in May 2018, in a spectacular wedding at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Not long after the nuptials, the Queen invited Meghan onboard the Royal Train, a particularly special invitation for such a newly-made royal. It is understood that, despite the splintered relationships within the Royal Family, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made sure to maintain their relationship with the late monarch.