Happy Valley was last seen in 2016 so it's been quite a long time since BBC fans saw what happened with Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and her family dramas. But the wait is now over as the hotly-anticipated series is back for one last series. Here's everything there is to know about season three of Happy Valley. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley. Happy Valley season three is going to premiere on Sunday, January 1, at 9pm on BBC One. The series is going to consist of six episodes in total, much like the first two series of the drama. A new instalment is going to come out every week on BBC One in the same time slot. So this means fans can expect the grand finale to come out on Sunday, February 5. READ MORE: Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star recalls ‘tearing’ at Catriona Balfe But unlike other BBC dramas, fans won't be able to binge-watch the series. The show isn't going to come out as a boxset on BBC iPlayer so viewers will have to wait each week for the latest instalment. In this series, Catherine is going to discover the remains of a gangland murder victim in a drained reservoir. This will lead to an unfortunate series of events where she will once again come face to face with Tommy (James Norton) the father of her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) and her late daughter's rapist. In 2016, creator Sally Wainwright said she wouldn't come up with another season until she had time to write a good enough script. During this Happy Valley drought, Wainwright created BBC's Gentleman Jack which was sadly cancelled earlier this year. Talking on BBC Breakfast, she said: “What we’ve decided is that because I’m so busy with other projects at the moment, I haven’t got time to sit down and come up with the stories. “What I’d hate to do is do a third series and people say it wasn’t as good. "So I want time to go away and really come up with stories that I think are going to make a third series." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [THEORY]Gentleman Jack link dropped into Happy Valley episode 1 by writer [EXPLAINER]Happy Valley's writer says Juliet Bravo was a big inspiration [REVEALED] Lancashire will be reprising her role as Catherine Caoowd, with Rhys Connah returning as Ryan, Siobhan Finneran as Catherine's sister Clare Cartwright and James Norton as Tommy Lee Royce. There will be some new faces welcomed to the cast as well in the shape of The Long Call's Amit Shah, Four Lives' Mollie Winnard and The Girl Before's Mark Stanley. So far, it has only been stated that they all have "pivotal roles" which haven't yet been disclosed. The official synopsis for Happy Valley season three reads: “When Catherine discovers the remains of a gangland murder victim in a drained reservoir it sparks a chain of events that unwittingly leads her straight back to Tommy Lee Royce. “Her grandson Ryan is now sixteen and still living with Catherine, but he has ideas of his own about what kind of relationship he wants to have with the man Catherine refuses to acknowledge as his father. “Still battling the seemingly never-ending problem of drugs in the valley and those who supply them, Catherine is on the cusp of retirement.” Happy Valley season three starts on Sunday, January 1, at 9pm on BBC One.