King George V was the first monarch of the House of Windsor, the Royal Family as we know it today. Reigning from 1910 to 1936, he ruled over what was at that point the bloodiest war in history — World War One — and saw the territorial peak of the British Empire. He delivered the first Christmas speech, an annual tradition that has been continued by the British monarch ever since, and by his Silver Jubilee in 1935, he had become a well-loved King. However, less than a year later, in January 1936, George V grew fatally ill: he had suffered from smoking-related health problems throughout his life and the death of his favourite sister a month earlier sent him into a deep depression. On January 15, he retired to his bedroom in Sandringham House, complaining of a cold and remained there until his death. His physicians, led by Lord Dawson of Penn, issued a bulletin in the hours before the monarch died: “The King's life is moving peacefully towards its close.” George became gradually weaker and was drifting in and out of consciousness. Then-Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin later said: “...each time he became conscious it was some kind inquiry or kind observation of someone, some words of gratitude for kindness shown.” “But he did say to his secretary when he sent for him: ‘How is the Empire?’ An unusual phrase in that form, and the secretary said: ‘All is well, sir, with the Empire’, and the King gave him a smile and relapsed once more into unconsciousness,” he continued. He died just before midnight on January 20. An official statement, issued by Lord Dawson, was included in The Times — George’s favourite newspaper — the following morning: “The King, who retired to rest last night in his usual health, passed peacefully away in his sleep early this morning.” READ MORE: Harry's claim Henry VI is his 'ancestor' torn apart as son died during Wars of Roses The headline read: “A Peaceful ending at Midnight” Several decades later, however, the truth about George V’s death was revealed, putting to bed myths that had circulated in the years since. The fabrication around the monarch’s death extended to his final words, which were said to be: “Bugger Bognor,” in response to being told he would soon be well enough to recuperate at Bognor Regis. However, this exchange did not take place. The King’s conscious last words — delivered to a nurse who was administering an injection — were “God damn you!” This revelation came to light when Lord Dawson’s private diary was unearthed and made public in 1986. The physician, who was an advocate for the growth of euthanasia, admitted to ending the King’s life. “At about 11 o'clock it was evident that the last stage might endure for many hours, unknown to the patient but little comporting with that dignity and serenity which he so richly merited and which demanded a brief final scene,” Lord Dawson wrote. “Hours of waiting just for the mechanical end when all that is really life has departed only exhausts the onlookers & keeps them so strained that they cannot avail themselves of the solace of thought, communion or prayer.” He continued: “I, therefore, decided to determine the end and injected (myself) morphia gr.3/4 [grains] and shortly afterwards cocaine gr.1 [grains] into the distended jugular vein ... In about 1/4 an hour – breathing quieter — appearance more placid — physical struggle gone.” Lord Dawson claimed he acted to preserve the King’s dignity, to prevent further strain on the Royal Family, and so that the monarch’s death, at 11:55pm, could be announced “in the morning papers rather than the less appropriate evening journals”. The Dawson notes, now preserved in the Windsor Castle archives, were first examined by the physician's biographer, Francis Watson, in 1950 — five years after Lord Dawson’s death. At the request of the physician’s widow, the author omitted any reference to the euthanasia that had taken place at Sandringham 14 years earlier. But it was Mr Watson who filled in the omission in a journal called History Today, published on December 12, 1986. “Perhaps I should have included it in the book at the time,” he wrote. “Lady Dawson did not want it in the book and I quite readily agreed. I didn't think it appropriate.” Lord Dawson’s notes claim he had been told by Queen Mary and Prince Edward, Prince of Wales — who became Edward VIII upon his father’s death only to abdicate less than a year later — that they did not want the King’s life unnecessarily prolonged if his illness would eventually prove to be fatal. There is no evidence, however, that the King had been consulted — an assertion perhaps apparent by his last words, which suggest he may have had suspicions about the nurse’s treatment would conclude. However, it is not clear how explicit the physician was in the conversation he reported with the Queen and Edward. He does not detail whether he explained the method of ending the monarch’s life, or whether the exchange had been initiated by him or the family. Lord Dawson spoke against a bill that would have legalised the practice 10 months later but did not go as far as to condemn euthanasia. Delivering a speech in the House of Commons, he described it as a “mission of mercy” and argued it was a matter best left to the conscience of individual physicians rather than official regulators. “One should make the act of dying more gentle and more peaceful even if it does involve curtailment of the length of life,” he said “That has become increasingly the custom. This may be taken as something accepted.” He called for a “gentle growth of euthanasia”, before adding: “If we cannot cure for heaven's sake let us do our best to lighten the pain.” In his notes made after the King’s death, he gave similar reasoning for his decision. “It was evident,” the physician wrote, “that the last stage might endure for many hours, unknown to the patient but little comporting with the dignity and the serenity which he so richly merited and which demanded a brief final scene.” Some royal historians and authors, however, were “appalled” by the news. Kenneth Rose, a biographer of George V, said at the time: “In my opinion, the King was murdered by Dawson.” Referring to the announcement of the King’s death in The Times, Sir Douglas Black, a past president of the Royal College of Physicians, said Lord Dawson seemed to have committed an “evil” act for the sake of a “marginal” good. The reaction of Queen Elizabeth II, the granddaughter of George V and the reigning monarch at the time, is unknown. “It happened a long time ago,'' a Buckingham Palace spokesman at Buckingham Palace said at the time, “and all those concerned are now dead”.