Charles Leclerc may have missed out on challenging for the F1 crown last season but still enjoys a life of luxury away from the track. The Monegasque native enjoys access to gorgeous £3million sports cars and breathtaking trips. Leclerc made his F1 debut back in 2018 before moving to the iconic Ferrari team in 2019 where he soon established himself as a frontrunner. Express Sport takes a behind-the-scenes look into Leclerc’s stunning life. Similar to many of his F1 rivals, Leclerc lives in the flash surroundings of Monte Carlo. However, unlike Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen, Leclerc is a natural citizen of the Principality. Little is known about the inside of Leclerc’s home except for a few details seen on his social media accounts. It is believed he has a modern kitchen with a marble countertop and white cabinets. He also owns a gorgeous grand white piano in the living room surrounded by several trophies and helmets from his racing career. Over the winter, the Ferrari star has enjoyed a skiing trip in Val Gardena in the Dolomites. Posting on Instagram, Leclerc suggested the holiday was "a training camp” but did upload pictures of himself laughing with friends. Leclerc stayed in the luxurious Granvara Relais Spa Hotel where trips can cost over £1,319 (€1,500). He also enjoyed a trip to Corse in France over the summer break where he was photographed with pals on a luxury boat. READ MORE: Ex-F1 star disagrees with Charles Leclerc over Ferrari team orders Until recently, Leclerc was dating Architecture student and fellow Monegasque resident Charlotte Sine. The pair were an item for three years with Sine regularly spotted in the paddock at F1 events. She last attended the season finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix but announced their split just weeks later. Leclerc posted: “Hello everyone, Charlotte and I have decided to end our relationship and we remain good friends. "We have shared so many great moments and she is and always will be a very special person to me.” DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc F1 title boost as news on 2023 Ferrari car leaks  [INSIGHT]Felipe Massa identifies three major issues Ferrari 'need to fix'  [COMMENT]Ferrari 'split with lucrative sponsor' and face £40m windfall [ANALYSIS] It is believed the 25-year-old has a mind-blowing £5.8m ($7m) collection filled with some of the most evocative supercars on the planet. He reportedly holds the keys to a stunning Ferrari GTC4 priced at an eye-watering £685,000 ($850,000). Leclerc also has a gorgeous Ferrari F8, McLaren GT, Jaguar XF, Land Rover Discovery and Rolls-Royce Wraith in his garage. However, the showpiece model is the jaw-dropping Bugatti Chiron capable of over 300mph. Leclerc reportedly paid £2.4m ($3m) for the 16-cylinder exclusive sports car. He also owns two F1 cars, the first he drove for Alfa Romeo in 2018 and the model he won his first race at the 2019 Belgian Grand Prix. The Ferrari talent opened up on his hobbies in a YouTube video documenting 24 Hours in his life. In the clip, he showed off his tennis skills as he played with his brothers including F3 driver Arthur Leclerc. He recently admitted he has a keen interest in fashion and has even spoken to Lewis Hamilton about the seven-time champion’s new collection. He said: “I really like clothes design. It’s definitely the creative element that inspires me. “I can draw but whether I would sketch my own collection, I don’t think I have that level.” He is also a keen pianist having learnt the skill during lockdown, admitting it was a chance to “disconnect from racing”. Like Verstappen, Leclerc is also a keen gamer and regularly uses his simulator. He also streams some of his online races through Twitch. Leclerc does not have his own private plane but does not need to fly commercial when heading to races. He and team-mate Carlos Sainz can benefit from Ferrari’s own personal jet complete with comfy chairs and beds. The plane is painted in an elegant silver and red colour scheme and is privy by Vistajet. Leclerc posted an image of him on the plane on Instagram, writing the caption: “Thank you @vistajet for always making it feel like home away from home.” According to spotrac, Leclerc has picked up a staggering £42.6million in pay packets since making his debut five years ago. However, Essentially Sports suggests the Ferrari driver has a net worth of around £10.6m ($12m). This is smaller than Verstappen’s £56m ($60m) valuation despite the pair being the same age.