But 2023 has seen 75 percent of us vowing to quit bad grazing, booze and telly-watching habits and get fitter. New research by leading sports nutrition brand Optimum Nutrition, found three-quarters of the population are setting fitness goals for 2023 - up nine percent from 2022.  And walking is by far the most popular New Year method of losing weight and getting fitter for Brits - with 73 percent of us planning to take up long strolls or hikes to get healthy. Top activities for getting fit and feeling well in 2023 are: The research was commissioned by leading sports nutrition brand, Optimum Nutrition to coincide with its ‘There’s More In All of Us’ campaign featuring inspiring videos from spirts stars to get us off the couch and into the gym.  It stars a roster of athletes including; Paralympic swimmer Alice Tai; Muay Thai Fighter Nesrine Dally; England and Roma footballer Tammy Abraham; Chelsea and England Footballer Lauren James; Bodybuilder Will Chicomb; Olympic weightlifter Emily Campbell and England Rugby star Marcus Smith. Harlequins and England Rugby Fly Half Marcus Smith, who is gearing up for an action-packed year on the field, shares a story of overcoming adversity in his video, saying: "I was always a pretty small guy. But I knew I was fast and could use that to my advantage. I knew I had to double down on my training. I had to get faster and stronger." In her footage, Emily Campbell, the first British woman to win an Olympic medal in weightlifting, said: "Some said I didn’t have it in me, I didn’t have the body of an athlete. "It took mental strength to listen to myself and ignore what everyone else was saying." Diet and nutrition is playing a large role in helping Brits reach this year’s fitness goals - with a quarter of people (25 percent) planning on quitting/reducing takeaways. Meanwhile, one in five (18 percent) planning on taking supplements, one in six (15 percent) making plans to batch-cook meals and a further five percent saying they’re taking part in this year’s Veganuary. In terms of what Britons want from their 2023 New Year health resolutions, the top is improving overall health (61 percent).  Others include Losing weight (61 percent); Feeling better about myself (45 percent);  Improving energy levels (38 percent) and Building muscle (35 percent); Improving nutrition (33 percent); Improving or maintaining mental health (33 percent); Assisting with medical conditions e.g. blood pressure, diabetes (13 percent); Being a role model for children (10 percent); Gaining weight (9 percent). Clafoutie Sintive, Marketing Director – UK & Ireland, at Glanbia Performance Nutrition, said: "Optimum Nutrition is on a mission to challenge what fitness looks like and ensure that role models are representative and there to inspire everyone. "We believe there’s more in all of us and throughout 2023 we will be sharing stories from a broad spectrum of people, including our diverse athletes and coaches to inspire people to go beyond stereotypes and unlock more from their fitness, achieving more than they ever thought possible!" For more information about Optimum Nutrition, visit www.optimumnutrition.com 