Though the pair kept royal tradition by hosting Christmas festivities at Sandringham, unlike Queen Elizabeth, they will not spend the rest of their break in Norfolk. The Royal Circular Twitter account revealed on Wednesday that the pair had jetted off to Aberdeen. “It is reported that The King and Queen left RAF Marham today on a flight to Aberdeen, presumably for a stay at their Birkhall home”, the tweet read. Birkhall is situated on the Balmoral estate, a favourite of the royals and especially the former Queen who lived out her last days on the Scottish estate. The Royal Family, notably Charles and Camilla, will have a hectic schedule for the upcoming year as well, with the first Coronation in 70 years. According to the Telegraph, a royal source said that “Birkhall is what [Charles and Camilla] consider to be their marital home” and is where the pair got engaged and honeymooned in 2005. Author of The Palace Papers, Tina Brown, wrote: “Charles proposed to Camilla…over New Year’s at Birkhall on bended knee. “They had each spent Christmas with their families and Charles had briefed his mother, his sons and the rest of his family at Sandringham on what he planned to do.” Charles previously spoke of the relaxing surroundings at their Aberdeenshire home in a BBC interview. He said: “One of the most marvellous things about [Birkhall] is it’s by this river called the Muick, and it has this wonderful sound of rushing water. “When you are in the house, it’s very calming and peaceful, I think. It also was the first place that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert bought in 1848 before they bought Balmoral it has a very special atmosphere. READ MORE: Camilla’s work with charities earned her title “The house is rather wonderful because it was built in 1713 and there have been extensions put on ever since, but it is its setting and its atmosphere.” It is thought that the pair will indulge in their passion for country pursuits, including long walks and fishing while they are away. Twitter user @josiejessop631 commented on the update of the royal’s whereabouts, saying that the pair deserve a break following a busy year. She said: “King Charles and Queen Camilla have been nonstop and deserve a break but as we know it’s never really a break with those morning ‘boxes’ to deal with.” The monarch receives a red box, which contains documents on the happenings in Parliament and the governments in the nations of the Commonwealth, as well as global events, every day other than Christmas Day and Easter Sunday. DON'T MISS:China sees 250 million people infected with Covid in 20 days (REVEAL)Poland demands £1.2tn in war reparations from Germany (INSIGHT)Rishi Sunak labelled ‘delusional’ by doctors amid NHS response (REVEAL) The box also contains a number of documents which must be signed by the sovereign and those which need royal assent. Makers of the famous box, Barrow Hepburn & Gale, refurbished the Queen’s red case for King Charles. The box which Charles has been pictured with has been handed down through the generations from King George V, King George VI, and Queen Elizabeth II.