Details of Prince Harry's upcoming autobiography have seemingly been leaked as Prince William prepares for more bombshell claims. The Duke of Sussex is releasing his memoir this month as the Royal Family brace themselves for more revelations. Since stepping down from his role as a senior member of the Firm, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have made a number of claims about the monarchy, with 2023 expected to bring even more. The book is coming just weeks after the couple's Netflix documentary sparked backlash as Harry made a number of claims about his brother, the Prince of Wales. While Harry is expected to be “tough” on William, and will also lash out at Kate, he has reportedly been kinder than expected on King Charles. The source told The Sunday Times: “Generally, I think the book [will be] worse for them than the royal family is expecting. “Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it’s tough on William, in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside.  “There are these minute details, and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.” The source goes on to declare that the book gives the impression that Harry is still struggling to get over the death of his mother, the late Lady Diana who died in a car accident in 1997 aged 36.  The source reasons that Harry has “projected” his fears and concerns about his mother’s death onto his own wife, Meghan. While Harry struck up an £18.4 million deal to pen his memoirs, there are early signs that the general public are already so sick of him, he might struggle to shift copies of the book.  READ MORE: King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves' The book is due to be released to the tune of £28 for those who want to buy at retail price - but reports have already revealed that this price has been slashed to just £8 by Tesco. Some have suggested this could be a sign that the supermarket giant is expecting to struggle with the sale of the book following the backlash sparked by Harry's documentary. The series faced backlash from the initial trailers which featured fake content taken years prior to the couple's engagement. The Hollywood Reporter savagely reviewed the show - branding the series "unremarkable" while others declared the docuseries a “reality show” rather than a serious documentary. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'set to release her own memoir' in fresh onslaught [COMMENT]Royal aide handed invite to King Charles' coronation after apology [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton is called a different name by Queen Letizia of Spain [PICTURES] Meghan was accused of being "disrespectful" in a scene where she joked about curtsying to the late Queen Elizabeth II. Harry came under fire for accusing William of "screaming and shouting" during the meeting to discuss his departure from the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan moved to the US in 2020 after stepping down from their roles. 