Venables and Thompson were found guilty on 24 November 1993 for the abduction and murder of Bulger which made them the youngest convicted murderers in British history. The pair were released in 2001 and both given new identities, however, Jon has since gone on to commit three further crimes. Bulger's mum Denise Fergus has explained why she is still fighting to keep one of her son’s killers behind bars and said she believes she is within "touching distance" of justice. Venables and Thompson led Bulger away from the New Strand Shopping Centre in Bootle after his mother had taken her eyes off him momentarily. His body was found on a railway line 2.5 miles away in Walton, Liverpool, two days after his abduction. Since the death of her son, Fergus has been fighting for justice to keep Venables behind bars and holds fresh hope. On Thursday morning, she joined This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield to explain the positive conversation she recently had with Justice Secretary Dominic Raab. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz Since his release from prison in 2001, Venables has reoffended and recently applied for another round of parole. Speaking about his possible fourth release from prison, Fergus exclaimed: "I don’t trust him. If he gets out I know for a fact we’ll end up with another case like James’. "He’s just going to be fearing his life, so I think what is he going to do again to get back into that prison where he feels safe again.” Thompson has not reoffended since his release in 2001 and has kept his new identity under wraps over the years after being given the chance of rehabilitation. When asked whether she felt Venables was worthy of that, Fergus slammed: "No. He was given that chance twice since James was taken from me and he blew them chances so I think now that he should remain in prison. "In the beginning, I did say, if he’s done an adult prison sentence then I wouldn't have taken it as far as I have done. "I would’ve been living a normal life now, but because they weren’t properly punished, I did say that one of them or both of them would go on to re-offend. And that’s exactly what he’s done.” Fergus added: "But I believe that I am in touching distance now of getting justice for one of my son’s killers. DON'T MISS...James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [LATEST]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [WATCH]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [INSIGHT] "I don’t ever want him to see the light of day again, I don’t think he deserves to see the light of day again.” Willoughby and Schofield asked if she was able to disclose any of the information discussed with Raab, however, Fergus explained she wasn't permitted to. “I think he’s going to bring in new laws, and I’m sure he will carry it through. I trust him. He said something and I just froze in the moment… I just couldn’t believe what I was hearing. It was a positive thing.” Viewers of the show took to their Twitter pages in support of Fergus and her mission to get justice for her son. Craig praised: "God bless you, Denise. I've no idea where you find the strength, incredible person. # This morning." Rhian fumed: "Venables has proved he can not be rehabilitated! Life him off #ThisMorning." Jonny Manes commented: "She has never given up and I applaud her for that. After all this time she is still fighting to keep the monster in prison." @SallyMAYES99 said: "Such a horrible case which still sits with me now. That poor boy done nothing and now his mother will never give up. Good on you Denise." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.