A professional jewellery designer, Darren's work had been featured on Ru Paul's Drag Race and his death has left the LGBTQ+ community in shock. His husband has set up a fundraiser for his funeral. In a statement, Mr Moore - who shares the same name as the deceased - said: "Anyone who knew Darren would know how he was never understated in his appearance and costume. His larger-than-life character and charisma were something that you'll never forget. “We'd like to support Darren and the family and give Darren the biggest send off. If you're able too and can afford a few quid, please donate what you can to ensure we do him proud." Clubs around Cardiff paid tribute to Darren. The Gold Cross Club wrote: "We are deeply saddened to learn of Darren Moore’s passing. Many of you will know of his long standing support of the Golden. “He was the life and soul of the party and would always be entertaining the masses, usually accompanied with a round of shots." READ MORE: German manufacturer said they can give 139 Leopard tanks to Ukraine Friends paid tribute to Darren. One wrote: "Woke up to devastating news. Heart broken! Cardiff has lost another legend. Little Darren. "Words can’t get over how myself and Leigh are feeling right now. You was always full of energy, love, heart of gold, and a loving friend and husband. Sympathy and love goes out to his family." Another wrote: "This is horrible! This should never have happened! Dear sweet Darren Moore the heavens have gained an angel! We will miss you." While Darren had a bright present and future to look forward to, his journey was one of reform from a past that featured convictions and rehabilitation. Formerly Darren Sewell, as a teenager he was convicted of four counts of rape of a child and spent three years in a Young Offenders Institution.  Following this conviction, he was banned from having contact with children. However, in 2011, he was found to have breached the order whilst working as a gynmnastics and dance coach in Cardiff. His punishment was a sentence that included a three-year sex offender's treatment programme, a 24-month supervision order, a six-month curfew - complete with an electronic tag - and 300 hours unpaid work. In 2018, he caused controversy at a pride event when he made insensitive jokes about Jimmy Saville. On Crystal Couture's website, her act is described as "for audiences large and small and of all ages [and] available for wedding, christening, birthdays, and celebrations of all types". DON'T MISS:NASA unveils plans to test nuclear-powered rockets  [INSIGHT]Thousands of homes impacted after water main burst causing flood [SPOTLIGHT]‘Freezing fog’ to engulf parts of Britain as Met Office issues warning [REVEAL] South Wales Police said it was investigating. In a statement, Superintendent Michelle Conquer, Head of Operations at Cardiff and Vale BCU, said: “We understand there is shock and upset in the local and wider community following the sudden and unexplained death of a man in Cardiff city centre on Sunday. “While an investigation is on-going, our Neighbourhood Policing Team as always will continue to provide a visible police presence in the city centre. "A police cordon is in place while enquiries continue at the scene and we thank the community for their support at this time. We urge anyone with concerns to approach one of our officers or contact us by one of the following means." Crystal was last seen leaving the club in a yellow dress with a handbag.  