Beige colours have had a “rough time” over the past few years, according to BC Designs, especially when it comes to interior design. Often associated with things that are bland and boring, pros have said it is a “misunderstood colour” that, if used in the right way in bathroom design, can create a “truly chic” space. It is also a colour which resonates with nature, like green but in very different ways. The experts said: “Green in particular is popular in bathroom design as we associate it with the outdoors and one of the big trends is how we bring the goodness of outside into our homes." According to the pros, beige is no different. They said it relates to sandy beaches, seashells and the exquisiteness of stone. Barrie Cutchie, Design Director at BC Designs, explained: “When it comes to the psychology of beige, it is a colour that is regarded as dependable and conservative. READ MORE: Six steps to boost your home’s value by £15k in just '24 hours' “It is neutral, calm and relaxing, which makes it perfect for bathrooms as we tend to cocoon ourselves in the space to relax and unwind. “Beige is also a perfect colour to use as the undertone within your space, as there are a lot of colours that work well with it. “The natural hue makes an ideal canvas to layer with other shades, even bold and bright ones. Or they can work just as well when juxtaposed with complementary naturals.” Bathrooms have changed considerably over the last decade, moving away from a purely functional room to a space seen as a place to relax and escape. DON'T MISS:I cleaned my entire washing machine for under £1 - photos [VIDEO]Six important steps to achieve ‘grass greener than ever’ in winter [EXPERT]Gardening expert shares ‘pretty’ but ‘poisonous’ plants to avoid [COMMENT] This has been heightened over the past few years with many people spending more time at home, with bathrooms now “emulating” the rest of the home. The expert said: “One way we have achieved this is through the use of colour, and beige is definitely going to play a starring role in 2023. One way to bring colour into the bathroom is by choosing coloured ceramics. “Not quite a return to the 70s and our love of avocado suites, instead coloured ceramics are more subtle, including the warmth of beige.” While beige suites may seem boring to some, but a bathroom full of beige layers can add depth and work in harmony together. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens The neutral colour can also work well in smaller bathrooms, according to the pro as it helps to bounce light around. This can make the room look bright and airy, without having to stick to an all-white colour scheme. The expert added: “It can also be used as the background tiles, running as a thread across different patterns to tie them into a cohesive look. “Choosing different patterns, for the walls, floors and even bath panels, can create a look that is interesting and different, bringing to life a built-in bath that can otherwise be quite plain. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “As beige is the undertone, it doesn’t compete with any of the other items in the products, and instead is the canvas that allows all the other elements to sing.” Britons don’t just have to stick to beige tiles though, it can also be incorporated into the bathroom in a variety of other ways, including in the furnishings. A variety of dried flowers tend to be beige in colour these days, placed in a vase can add a nice element into the bathroom. Cream or beige towels can also add a touch of class along with beige ornaments or storage.