Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley welcomed ITV viewers to Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, and it was not long before they started discussing Prince Harry's latest television interviews. The Duke of Sussex's ITV and CBS interviews about his bombshell memoir were broadcast on Sunday, with the 38-year-old making various claims about the Royal Family. However, many viewers have criticised the ongoing coverage. Prince Harry, who stepped down as a senior royal with his wife Meghan Markle in 2020, laid bare his reasons for releasing a memoir in an ITV interview with journalist Tom Bradby. The father-of-two defended his tell-all book, named Spare, saying "nothing has been done to "harm" or "hurt " any of this family. Harry also spoke candidly about sibling rivalry, Princess Diana's death, and his disapproval of the British press. In his CBS interview with Anderson Cooper, Harry was asked why he and Meghan have not renounced their titles of Duke and Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Neil is working with Tommy Lee Royce However, the Duke replied: "What difference would that make?” Susanna and Richard were eager to discuss the two interviews with their co-stars and guests on Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, which angered viewers. J fumed on Twitter: "This programme is beyond pathetic. Only three topics are ever discussed. Racism, migrants and now Harry. #GMB." Chester Jones added: "#GMB do you not read tweets? People would like real news, not someone throwing their family under the bus for money! #turnoff."  @Yogica added: "Harry is all GMB has talked about since 6am. Please give it a rest. Completely avoiding the reality of issues happening in the UK #GMB." Thomas raged: "#GMB, why are Harry and Meghan your main news story today?!" (sic) However, Kelly Denise shared: "Don't care for the Royal Family. But I'm starting to like Prince Harry, he doesn't give a toss about what people think of him. Airing all his dirty laundry. "There won't be anything for anyone to leak to British media or Blackmail him with. Sick of @GMB constant manipulation." (sic) DON'T MISS...Harry claims he was 'not invited' on plane taking royals to see Queen [ROYALS]King warned Harry claims 'could mark beginning of the end' of monarchy [LATEST]Piers Morgan condemns 'family-trashing halfwit' Prince Harry [OPINION] A supportive Clifford added: "When Harry stepped away, the tabloids didn’t stop. Harry believes if he can’t stop the tabloids, perhaps he can tell his side, to stop the constant negative briefing by ‘palace sources’." During the latest instalment of Good Morning Britain, Richard told co-star Richard Gaisford: "Both of [Harry's interviews] did contain quite remarkable claims, including how Harry and Meghan were allegedly snubbed when the Queen died." Reporting outside Buckingham Palace, Richard replied: "Yes, he said in these interviews he was told not to bring his wife to Balmoral, that he'd wanted to get on the plane with other members of the Royal Family and made inquiries with his brother but was left to make his own travel arrangements. "It is clear from both of these interviews Richard and Susanna that relations with his family, his brother in particular, have well and truly broken down.  "It is Kate Middleton's 41st birthday today and it is unlikely she is getting gifts from California." Harry's interviews dominated Monday's instalment of the news programme but Susanna and Richard also debated the NHS crisis. Buckingham Palace has not released a statement following Harry's interviews or Netflix docu-series. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 