Jake Paul has seemingly picked a replacement opponent for Tommy Fury, with the YouTube star set to make his MMA debut. Paul has been engaged in an online war with Fury for well over a year, leading to the pair arranging a fight on two separate occasions. The pair were initially set to settle their differences in December 2021, however the Englishman was forced to pull out of the fight late on due to injury. Keen still to get his chance with Paul the fight was then rescheduled for 2022. But, like the first occasion the fight was once again cancelled, this time after Fury and his team were denied entry in the United States. Following the latest cancellation, many had speculated whether the long-awaited fight would ever take place at all. Fury’s promoter Warren though had some good news for fans wanting to see the two mate, after confirming at the end of last year that both teams were negotiating a deal to fight later this year. As far as Paul is concerned though, this once again seems to have broken down. JUST IN: Jake Paul signs deal to MMA fight and calls out Nate Diaz after taking shot at Dana White Taking to social media, the American YouTube star claimed his rival was ‘running scared’ and named former UFC star Mike Perry as the potential replacement. Paul said: “Mike Perry this might be your lucky year because Tommy is running again. “If the fans only knew how much I am offering Tommy and he is still ducking me. It is pretty sad.” Paul’s update comes after he confirmed he was venturing into the world of MMA, as well as boxing in 2023. DON'T MISSKSI slammed by ex-Page 3 girl after wild footage ahead of Dillon Danis fight emergesAJ told he's no superstar and 'should've let Garcia kick people out'Joyce shares private Usyk messages before Joshua fights Fighting in the cage is an idea the American has always flirted with, and now he is set to make it a reality after signing with MMA promotion PFL. Speaking to the New York Times about the move, Paul said: “This is about changing MMA. Disrupting, innovating, and creating the next big league. “The biggest thing for me would be getting the kicks down. But I’m going to start now, moving forward with some extra time I have within this camp. I’m going to put in some extra time, rolling around doing some jiu-jitsu and learning some kicks.” 