Carlos Alcaraz and Rafael Nadal may be the two top-ranked players in the world coming into the 2023 Australian Open, but neither will offer Novak Djokovic his biggest threat as he returns to Melbourne. That's according to three-time Australian Open champion Mats Wilander, who has plumped for an alternative to offer Djokovic his stiffest test. No men's player can hold a candle to Djokovic's nine major wins in Melbourne, which is testament to his quality on the most accommodating surface in tennis. And it's because of that non-specialist element that Wilander believes neither of the clay connoisseurs, Nadal nor Alcaraz, will be Nole's greatest competition. "I think this is tough, tough, tough for everybody else," the 58-year-old told Eurosport. "Daniil Medvedev would most probably be the biggest threat that I see to him [Djokovic]. Of course, Rafa is going to be there and give a big challenge, but I would think Novak is a pretty heavy favourite this year." Medvedev, 26, has made the final in each of the last two editions of the Australian Open and last failed to reach the competition's fourth round in 2018 when he was still just 21. The Russian would have won his maiden major in Melbourne last year were it not for a famous Nadal comeback, where the Spaniard saved three break points at two sets down to successfully shift the momentum. READ MORE Andy Murray's 2023 starts with disappointment as Brit loses to Sebastian Korda in Adelaide  It's worth noting Medvedev boasts four wins over Djokovic from their 12 career encounters, beating the Serb in straight sets at the 2021 U.S. Open to clinch what remains his only major crown. However, Djokovic has gone on to win three in a row against his Eastern European rival and will look to stretch that streak as he targets a record-extending 10th Australian Open. "You can easily compare the record of winning 10 Australian Opens with Rafa Nadal winning 14 French Opens," added Wilander in a nod to Djokovic's achievements to date. "I think that in today's men's professional tennis, a lot of them have grown up on clay, but on hard courts, they are all experts. "I think that if you win 10 Australian Opens on hard courts, that means you have to beat maybe the best field in tennis because everybody knows how to play on hard courts. So I think that achievement would be unbelievable. Nine is already unbelievable." DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu explains 'different dynamic' behind win over Linda Fruhvirtova in Auckland Rafael Nadal hits out at United Cup and calls for rule change after suffering huge upset Roger Federer declines Australian Open invitation as tennis bosses hatch 2024 plan    The Sweden also stressed the importance of Djokovic starting 2023 with major silverware, which would bring him back level with Nadal on 22 Grand Slam titles apiece. Failure to do so, however, would give the Spaniard his chance to reclaim a two-trophy lead in their contest. Djokovic will enter this year's Australian Open draw as the fifth seed, while Medvedev sits just behind at No. 7 as he aims for a third straight appearance in the final. The former has enjoyed a hearty welcome thus far Down Under following last year's deportation debacle, hoping to put that whole affair behind him with yet another crowning moment in Melbourne.