Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached state pension age who have a disability or health condition that affects their everyday lives. It's the most underclaimed Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit with millions of pensioners missing out. Some pensioners have told Express.co.uk they struggle with the application process which they say is unnecessarily complicated leading to charities like Age UK providing useful advice on how to apply. More than two million pensioners are living in poverty in the UK, according to a report published by the Centre for Ageing Better. At the same time, around 3.4 million older people are missing out on Attendance Allowance which could boost their monthly budget by around £370. Britons can claim Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or health condition that affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. They don’t need to have a full-time carer but must be able to show that they have been suffering with their condition for six months before they can qualify. READ MORE: State pensioners could get £1,000 in cost of living payments  Some people may be unaware of which health conditions could mean they qualify for this financial help. Conditions like arthritis, back pain and severe mental impairment could mean someone of state pension age is eligible for this benefit, which isn't means-tested. As it's a health-related benefit it doesn't matter if someone is still earning, has a private pension or savings. How much claimants receive depends on how their condition affects them and whether they need assistance during the day or night - or both. How much is Attendance Allowance? Attendance Allowance works out at £61.85 a week if someone needs assistance either during the day or at night. The higher rate of £92.40, is awarded to someone if they need help during the day and overnight, or if they are terminally ill. How much someone receives depends on how much their condition affects them, rather than the condition itself.  Macmillan Cancer Support recently shared five things people can do to help their claim for Attendance Allowance or PIP succeed. PIP is awarded to people with an illness, condition or disability who haven't yet reached state pension age. It advised people to use a benefits calculator and not to be afraid to ask for help from a friend or family member of an expert.  They should also write in as much detail as possible and not be afraid to repeat themselves.    Macmillan advises Attenance Allowance claimants:   The 56 health conditions that qualify for Attendance Allowance are: 