Summer (played by Harriet Bibby) has recently decided to go ahead with helping Esther Hargrave (Vanessa Hehir) and Mike Hargrave (Tom Lorcan) with their surrogacy plans. She recently told her three dads about her plans, with Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) promising not to stand in her way. However, the young teen could be in more danger than she realises as more secrets and lies are revealed. In upcoming scenes, Aaron Sandford (James Craven) and Billy are worried when they can’t get hold of Summer. Aaron heads over to Mike's house but Mike says Summer has gone shopping with Esther. Aaron leaves but is suspicious as to whether Mike is telling the truth about his girlfriend's whereabouts. Mike finally unlocks the nursery door, but he’s horrified to find Summer laying on the floor unconscious. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash Suddenly Esther arrives home and demands to know what on earth’s going on, before calling an ambulance for Summer. Mike desperately tries to spin her a tale about Summer trying to back out of the surrogacy plan and how he detained her in the hope he could change her mind. In the hospital, Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) overhears Mike giving a false name for Summer and she contacts Billy immediately. Desperate to help Summer, Billy and Paul arrive at the hospital and demand some answers. Billy, Paul and Aaron are furious when the police officer tells them that Mike and Esther have accused Summer of lying about being pregnant in order to extort money from them in exchange for the baby. Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) and Paul are horrified to find Mike at Summer’s bedside, but he soon hurries out of the room as an angry Paul goes after him As Mike approaches his front door, he finds himself confronted by Paul and Todd who have followed him home. During a row that erupts between the three of them, Paul sees red and shoves him hard, with Mike falling and hitting his head on a plant pot. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' [INSIGHT]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer  [WATCH]Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [LATEST] Todd and Paul stare at his motionless body, horrified. Has Paul killed Mike? When Mike and Esther first appeared in the soap, fans had their reservations about the couple from the off and it appears their gut feeling was correct. Teasing what is to come for Summer and her dysfunctional decisions, Iain McLeod warned the "mortal danger" she is in. Iain explained: "It is going to end badly for some of them. Summer we sort of realized this year that for a very intelligent young woman, she's made a series of incredibly bad decisions across the course of the year. "She will continue to make a couple more over the course of this. It's all driven by the fact that she feels horrifically guilty for some of the lies she's told to Esther and Mike. "Essentially in an effort to make amends for some of that, she allows herself to turn a blind eye to some of the red flags that are going off in Esther and Mike's relationship. "She essentially finds herself in a certain degree of mortal danger by the end of it all a result of her determination to do right by them and make up for the lies she told." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.