Manchester United reportedly tried to sign Ryan Gravenberch from Bayern Munich before pursuing a deal for Marcel Sabitzer, according to reports. The 20-year-old Dutchman worked with Erik ten Hag at Ajax prior to his move to the Bundesliga and the Red Devils head coach was seemingly keen on a reunion at Old Trafford this January after losing Christian Eriksen to an ankle injury. Liverpool are also said to have shown interest in the box-to-box midfielder this month but Bayern's position is clear - he is not available. According to The Independent, United were shot down quickly by Bayern after launching a shock swoop for Gravenberch late in the window. Reporter Miguel Delaney said on his YouTube channel: "Manchester United have asked Bayern about Sabitzer - they're open to a loan. "They also asked about Gravenberch who Ten Hag has worked with before and knows his system well. READ MORE: Chelsea make decision on letting Conor Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan deal "Ten Hag actually taught him and he was the only possible alternative to De Jong in terms of specifically what he wanted and he could have interpreted the role in a similar way. "But Bayern don't want him to go. They did also consider Youri Tielemans but Brighton would also only let him go for a huge fee. They aren't going to pay big money for him this window. There is also competition for Sabitzer from Chelsea." Bayern signed talented maestro Gravenberch from Ajax last summer in a deal that could reach £21million with add-ons. Speaking last summer, the player actually revealed he rejected Manchester United in order to sign for Bayern. FOLLOW ALL THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS LIVE HERE “Manchester United is a very big and beautiful club. But I already had such a good feeling at Bayern Munich and I had given my word," Gravenberch told De Telegraaf. The Holland international has only made 12 appearances in the Bundesliga this season while also featuring five times in the Champions League. But with Sabitzer seemingly edging closer to the exit door, there could be more opportunities for Gravenberch to flourish in the second half of the season. Despite Ten Hag playing down the idea of deadline-day reinforcements, it seems United are now hopeful of bringing Sabitzer through the door. The club confirmed on Tuesday morning that Eriksen would be facing a prolonged period on the sidelines after he was injured by Reading striker Andy Carroll. "Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday," United said during a club statement. "While investigations are continuing, initial assessments indicate that Eriksen is likely to be out until late April or early May. "However, there is hope that Christian can return in time to play a role in the final stages of the campaign. We all wish Christian the best of luck for a speedy recovery."