Novak Djokovic was in good spirits after advancing to the second week of the Australian Open with a 7-6(7) 6-3 6-4 win over Grigor Dimitrov. The fourth seed cracked a joke about himself, Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal as he claimed that "35 is the new 25" with himself and Murray becoming the only Grand Slam champions left in the draw. Djokovic earned his 24th-consecutive victory at the Australian Open on Saturday as he powered past 27th seed Dimitrov in straight sets despite visibly struggling with his ongoing hamstring injury and receiving treatment twice. The world No 5 is bidding to win a record 10th title in Melbourne and is one of the few top seeds left in the men's event following a week full of upsets. With the likes of Rafael Nadal and Daniil Medvedev crashing out before the second week, the Serb and his old rival Murray were the last two Grand Slam champions left in the draw and played their night session matches simultaneously on different courts on Saturday night, with the Brit's run coming to an end as he lost a few minutes after the end of Djokovic's match. But while he was still in the draw, the 21-time Major champion was quick to make a joke about their consistency when asked whether they were motivated to beat the young guys. "What do you mean the young ones?" he asked Jelena Dokic. "35 is the new 25, you know?" The nine-time champion in Melbourne also added Nadal's name into the mix, continuing: "I mean look at Rafa, look at Andy, they're playing extremely high level so I'm trying to do the same." JUST IN: Andy Murray's epic Australian Open run ends in heartbreak  Djokovic then got deep as he explained what it was like playing at a high level in his mid-thirties and added: "Every season counts when you come to probably last stage, last quarter of your career. You start I think appreciating and valuing every single tournament more because you know that you might not have many left in the tank but I’ve been truly fortunate to do what I love.” The 92-time title winner also reflected on the past with Jelena Dokic, as the retired pro asked if he remembered the first time they ever met at the Australian Open. "You came to me in 2006 and said 'Hi, I’m Novak Djokovic, do you remember me?' I said 'yes I do.' I have to admit i didn't because we hit two years earlier," she laughed before sharing her admiration for the Serb and how far he had come. "To return the compliments to you, I was looking up to you," Djokovic told her. "Obviously you played for Australia but you came from our regions so we spoke the same language, you were a big star at the time so it was great to play with you, it's great to see you again." He then turned his attention back to the present to discuss his win over Dimitrov, saying: "So let's try to talk about today's match a little bit. DON'T MISSMurray injury fears raised as Aus Open star takes to practice courtDan Evans thrashed after friendly gesture as umpire issues apologyHenman in disagreement with Murray over foul-mouthed toilet rant "I think that every point, every game mattered. I think the turning point so to say for both players was right from the blocks in the first game, making a break was very important." Djokovic was also quick to give credit to Dimitrov as he quickly hinted at his injury worries during the on-court interview. “Obviously I didn't know how I was going to feel physically, I was kind of going up and down,” he confessed. “Grigor is someone I truly admire and respect, he's one of my best friends on the tour, we go back a long time and he's one of the most talented players that you'll see on the tour. He’s been around for many years, he's such a great athlete. I thought a double break in the third was gonna be enough for me but he was locked in from that moment. It was an incredible battle - three sets over three hours. Let’s rest up and prepare for the next one."  Djokovic will now face home hope Alex de Minaur in the fourth round and admitted that he wasn't sure how many fans would get on his side for their match on Monday. Obviously De Minaur is one of the quickest players on the tour, probably the quickest guy," he said. "He’s improved a lot, he has Lleyton Hewitt in his corner who is a multiple Grand Slam winner, No 1 in the world and that’s a great team. So playing in front of you guys obviously I don't know how many of you will be on my side, I don't think too many but I don't know, let's see. It's going to be a great atmosphere for sure and I look forward to it." 