An ex-cop who made headlines after allegedly having sex with her colleagues has been offered a new job - in a strip club. Maegan Hall, 26, was dismissed following an internal investigation into several sexcapades with co-workers on police property and at boozy parties. Married Hall was let go from the La Vergne Police Department near Nashville, Tennessee after a string of allegations, including that she performed oral sex on colleagues while on duty. She has now been offered a job performing for two nights at Deja Vu Showgirls in Nashville. "We want her at Deja Vu Nashville on March 17. Two shows. $5,000 per show," said the stripclub's regional director Michael Durham. He told Scoop Nashville: "I get the moral outrage. However, she is no longer an employee of the La Vergne Police Department. She can now choose what is best for her financially." March 17 is the 34th anniversary of the Nashville club.   Jason Cole, mayor of La Vergne, a town of 40,000 people about 20 miles south of Nashville, announced Hall had been sacked along with four other officers involved in the scandal. Three more cops were suspended without pay while all 62 remaining cops working on the force will be required to undergo mandatory training in "rules, regulations and expectations", Cole said. Patrol Officer Juan Lugo, Sgt. Lewis Powell, Detective Seneca Shields and Sgt. Ty McGowan were all sacked along with Hall. Patrol Officer Patrick Magliocco and Patrol Officer Gavin Schoeberl were suspended. The December inquiry learned that Hall shared intimate sexual photos with multiple officers at La Vergne Police Department.  READ MORE: Republicans committing 'fiscal terrorism' with debt limit talks Colleagues also noted Hall's heavy drinking and voiced concerns about her mental health. "Magliocco reported knowing that Hall unloaded her weapon and dry fired the gun at her head", the report said. It added: "Magliocco also reported knowing that Hall voiced 'harmful thoughts' and on multiple occasions said that she should not be alone." Detective Shields admitted to receiving oral sex from Hall at the police gym before returning to his desk shift.  DON'T MISS:Jill Biden shuts down pass attempts to question POTUS [INSIGHT]Suspects filmed 'callously laughing' at rape victim before her death [REPORT]Joe Biden 'screams and stumbles' as latest rambling speech ridiculed [ANALYSIS]  Powell, a married man and a father, was also on duty when Hall performed oral sex on him at the station.  None of the male officers involved in the investigation plans to make a statement, Police Sgt. Eric Staats, president of the department's Fraternal Order of Police chapter, told NBC. 