Death in Paradise is back with season 12, after making its big debut last week on BBC One. As always, along with the staple main cast, the suspects and victims change in every episode, with the officers of Saint Marie doing everything they can to catch the killers. This time around, fans will be delighted to see The Peep Show star Robert Webb join in the action for one week only. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Comedic actor Robert Webb is married to fellow comedy performer Abigail Burdess. The couple met while recording the radio show The Bleak Old Shop of Stuff and tied the knot in 2006 with former co-star David Mitchell as Webb's best man. She has written for television, radio and stage, with some of her credits including the BAFTA-nominated Sorry I've Got No Head on CBBC and the BAFTA-winning That Mitchell & Webb Look on BBC 2. In recent years, she has turned her attention to novel writing, with her darkly comic book Mother's Day coming out in March 2023. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire The synopsis for her upcoming book reads: "The last thing Anna needs is a baby. Abandoned, adopted and living hand to mouth, she never dreamt of having a real family. "But when she meets her birth mother, everything changes - because the same day, she learns she's going to be a mother too. "Marlene is eccentric, generous with her considerable fortune and overjoyed to become a grandmother. Anna's living the dream. But is it her dream, or someone else's? "Now she will have to decide what she's willing to sacrifice for a real family - her future, her freedom, even her unborn child." In addition to her acting and writing work, Burdess is behind The Female Pilot Club, a regular night of laughter, held at the Museum of Comedy in central London. According to her website: "The club stages public read-throughs of female-written pilot scripts, to amplify women's voices and help get great female-written comedies on telly where they belong." In terms of her and Webb, the couple resides together in Kilburn with their two daughters. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [REACTION]Death in Paradise teases exit for Neville Parker over Sophie romance [EXIT]Death in Paradise’s Ralf Little brands Marlon Pryce star ‘annoying [CAST] Talking about parenthood, Webb previously said: "Parenting girls makes you quite gender-conscious. "It’s almost impossible to fight the power of pink. "It’s not such a terrible thing to want to be a princess when you’re five, but it would be nice if there were some other options." Webb's latest project has been with Death in Paradise where he will play a character called Justin West. As of yet, no details have come out regarding who Webb's character Justin is and how he is involved in the investigation. The description for episode two says: "The team investigates a Preppers commune when one of its members is poisoned inside a locked bunker. "However, with CCTV footage showing that no one went in or came out while he was in there, it seems likely that he has taken his own life - or has he?" Death in Paradise airs tonight on BBC One at 8pm.