Emmerdale returned on Monday night and Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) got the shock of his life when his missing watch suddenly appeared. Newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope) handed Will back his watch, claiming he saw Thomas playing with it. Will was left mortified as he had accused Sam Dingle (James Hooton) of stealing it, and as a result of his actions, Kim Tate (Claire King) ended up sacking the Dingle favourite. During the episode, Will clashed with Sam in the pub over his missing watch. However, Caleb Miligan (Will Ash) was quick to step in, with Nicky insisting it "wasn't worth it". Towards the end of the episode, Nicky presented the watch to a gobsmacked Kim and Will, explaining he spotted Thomas playing with it. Meanwhile, Caleb appeared to sign a business deal with Kim, while the Home Farm owner pleaded with Will to apologise for what happened at the pub. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss As Caleb spotted the watch on Will's wrist, Kim said: "I think we owe some apologies." "I checked everywhere in here yesterday," Will insisted. "I checked." "Not very well, obviously," Kim stated. "Can you say sorry to Caleb about before?" Will reluctantly apologised to Caleb, although, it was clear there was a conflict between the newly married couple. Nicky could then be seen paying Lydia (Karen Blick) and Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) a visit to explain what had happened. "You're not going to win with people like that, are you?" he told a fuming Lydia. "If it's any consolation Kim is gutted you and her have fallen out." Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their theories about the upcoming storyline. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Vera's Brenda Blethyn speaks out on Dr Malcolm Donahue's exit  [INSIGHT] Fans seem to think Nicky and Caleb are working together in order to bring down Kim and Will. Others believe Nicky is the son of Chris Tate (Peter Amory) or that he is working for Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln). Taking to Twitter Simon said: "I'm putting money on Nicky in @emmerdale is Chris Tates son! The rightful heir to the mansion etc. Anyone else? #emmerdale." (sic) "Nicky took it - used Thomas as a cover - Nicky is bad news !#Emmerdale," @lindibea wrote. While Carole added: "What's #Manny Nicky's game? No way did Thomas get Will's watch off a worktop. He's not Superman 2! Nicky's either on the rob or he's playing a game. And is Caleb involved in this game?" (sic) Elle theorised: "I'm sure Caleb and Nicky are connected #emmerdale." "Nicky working for Caleb to split Kim and Will. Kim and Caleb will have an affair, Caleb to take Kim's business. My guess. So who is Caleb?#emmerdale," user @Bu71954521Tracy went on to predict. Betty penned: "That Nicky the Nanny stole the watch, there's something dodgy about him and that Caleb #emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.