King Charles "truly sees the importance, value and relevance of all religions" according to a royal expert. In his first Christmas speech as monarch King Charles recognised other faiths highlighting the role that religious communities were playing in helping people in financial difficulties.  He also added that other religions like Christians believed in the “power of light overcoming darkness”. Speaking to OK!, former BBC Royal Correspondent Jennie Bond said that in preparation for his coronation on May 6 the King had been working hard to ensure the ceremony would be more inclusive and less traditional. She said: "When we saw him make his first speech as King, we saw that change in tone – being King is his solemn duty. "He clearly felt the weight of the job on his shoulders and that will be apparent in the coronation.  "It will be a mixture of a little less of the stiff, ancient formality, but it will retain the basic structure of something extremely important happening. "He is apparently not being allowed to change the coronation oath to ‘defender of faith’. "As the figurehead of the Church of England, he has to be ‘defender of the faith’. "That’s a shame, but Charles always shows by his actions that he is quite a spiritual person and also, a highly inclusive spiritual person, witnessed by all the visits he makes to mosques and temples and people of other religions.  READ MORE: Royal expert picks huge hole in Prince Harry's leak claims "He truly sees the importance, value and relevance of all religions. "He sees them almost all as one, and that’s a bit of a conflict with his role as Supreme Governor of the Church of England." In his Christmas speech the King sympathised with families struggling with the cost of living crisis. He has paid an emotional tribute to his "beloved mother".  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry slammed by Bethenny Frankel over latest interview [REVEAL] Prince Harry's glaring double standards on 'leaks' laid bare [INSIGHT] Royal aide who accused Meghan of bullying is given New Year Honour [SPOTLIGHT] The central theme of the speech was to celebrate “selfless dedication” a value many feel that the late Queen Elizabeth II embodied. His Majesty's Coronation will take place on Saturday May 6 at Westminster Abbey. In a statement Buckingham Palace said that the ceremony will reflect traditions while looking towards the future. They said: "The ceremony will see His Majesty King Charles III crowned alongside the Queen Consort. "The coronation will reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in long-standing traditions and pageantry." 