Rapist police officer David Carrick accidentally texted a picture of him posing with his gun to a woman he did not even know - then proceeded to ask her if she thought he was “her type”. The bizarre incident came to light the day after the 48-year-old firearms officer was dismissed by the Met after pleading guilty to 49 offences against 12 women over the course of two decades. The picture, which shows him grinning as he points his firearm at the camera, was sent to the woman in 2011. Because it was addressed to somebody with a different name, she replied to suggest he had the wrong number. However, instead of ending the conversation, he proceeded to introduce himself and sent her more photos. Two, which she kept but which she has since lost, showed him in uniform and with a firearm. The woman explained: "I had saved them in my emails because he was a bit nasty to me and I was worried about any repercussions coming from the conversation. "Seeing what's come out about him now is frightening." Carrick, who was yesterday sacked by the Met, will be sentenced next month and faces a lengthy spell in prison. The National Police Chiefs' Council is to ask all forces to check their officers against national police databases to help identify anyone who has "slipped through the net" before vetting standards were toughened, in the wake of the case. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak told the Commons: "I know members from across the House will be as shocked and as appalled as I am about the case of David Carrick. READ MORE: Met Police officer named as one of Britain’s most prolific rapists "The abuse of power is truly sickening and our thoughts are with his victims. "The police must address the failings in this case, restore public confidence and ensure the safety of women and girls. "There will be no place to hide for those who use their position to intimidate those women and girls, or those who have failed to act to reprimand or remove those people from office." Ministers have backed efforts to strip serial rapist David Carrick of his pension from the Metropolitan Police. DON'T MISSParents devastated after girl, 3, given just one month to live [REPORT]Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing [REVEALED]Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [ANALYSIS] London Mayor Sadiq Khan has vowed to seek the forfeiture of the state-funded pension, reported to be £22,000 a year, after Carrick admitted 49 offences against a dozen women. Home Secretary Suella Braverman said she supports the move and will consider Mr Khan's application, arguing Carrick "should never have been allowed to remain as an officer for so long". Robert Jenrick, a minister in her department, said the subsequently sacked officer could be stripped of his pension because the offending was linked to his position in the capital's police force.