Wimbledon chiefs have reportedly been told by government sources not to allow pro-Russia protestors to disrupt the competition, as they did at the Australian Open on Wednesday night. Flags and t-shirts were seen at the tournament, despite it being made clear that they were banned beforehand. Songs about Vladimir Putin were also heard in Melbourne, as well as chants of ‘Serbia Russia’ after Novak Djokovic’s victory over Andrey Rublev – when the pro-Russia protestors were in full force. Large letter Zs have become an international symbol of support for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and Wimbledon chiefs are well aware of the implications of having them on show at their tournament could have. According to iNews, they have been contacted by ‘government sources’ to be warned that they must do everything in their power to ensure that the Australian Open saga is not repeated in England. Steps are already being taken to ensure that the competition goes smoothly, including stewards and security being ordered to be ‘more vigilant’ than staff in Melbourne. The flags and banners were not removed particularly promptly at the Rod Laver Arena before the four people were removed, leaving some confused as to why there was such a delay. Reportedly, Wimbledon organisers believe that action against the group would have been taken instantaneously at one of last year’s competitions and were ‘staggered’ by the delay. Therefore, they are taking the conduct of those in Australia as a warning that they must be on alert throughout their own competition to ensure protests are not able to overshadow another event. Tennis Australia confirmed on Thursday that they were working with the appropriate authorities to address Wednesday’s protestors, as well as speaking with security to ensure that repeat offences were not possible. Their statement read: “A small group of people displayed inappropriate flags and symbols and threatened security guards following a match on Wednesday night and were evicted. One patron is now assisting police with unrelated matters. “Players and their teams have been briefed and reminded of the event policy regarding flags and symbols and to avoid any situation that has the potential to disrupt. We continue to work closely with event security and law enforcement agencies.” It remains to be seen whether players from Russia and Belarus are allowed to participate at Wimbledon later this year, with organisers fearing that their attendance could encourage further protests in the stands and outside of the courts.