But for some children and young people in care, the holidays are not an idyllic time; for too many sadly the festive season is less about joy and goodwill, and more about isolation, insecurity, and upheaval. New research we have published today reveals over 1000 children in care were moved over the holidays and will have spent Christmas in a completely new environment, away from those they know and trust. Imagine yourself as a young person in this situation, returning to school and listening to your classmates sharing their happy festive stories, when you were spending the holidays moving to yet another new home, enlarging the gulf you already feel between you and your peers and compounding your feelings of being different when all you want, like any child, is to belong. As the Chief Executive of national children in care charity Become, I know that a safe and stable home is a vital part of helping young people to recover from the trauma they have been through before entering care and enabling them to succeed and thrive. I also know just how hard it is for so many of our children and young people in the care system all year round, routinely moved from temporary home to temporary home. But when a ‘placement’ move happens at Christmas, the impact can be even more severe, as many young people will already be feeling particularly isolated at this time of year. Moving over Christmas also brings practical challenges, as regular services that can provide support are less likely to be available, and with schools closed, children won’t have the same distractions and contact with friends as usual. Our research team asked every local authority in England how many children in care were moved over Christmas last year, and the results are as shocking as they are upsetting. Between December 18th 2021 and January 3rd 2022, 1257 children and young people moved ‘placements’. More than 1000 children had to pack their belongings and move over the Christmas period – and some of them moved more than once. Of course, there are times when these changes are necessary, and in the best interests of a child, but this number is heart-breaking and must send a wake-up call to policymakers. That’s why I am sounding the alarm today and urging the Government to take urgent and ambitious action for young people in care. Our new Home for Christmas report explains just how damaging these moves can be and why stability over the festive period and all year round is so important. No one needs a further reminder of how their lives differ from their peers. This Christmas, the words of one of the young people echoed around my mind. He said: "It’s hard to explain what the care system is like to the people who don’t know it. It’s a really lonely experience and you lose faith in your own self-worth, especially when you are that young and you don’t have anyone consistent in your life because it is always changing. "One of the big things is you don’t have a chance to build a strong long-term relationship with anyone because people in your life are always changing. That’s difficult as a child but also into adulthood because you continue to struggle with relationships because you haven’t had one that was longer than a few years."  I want him to have the best chance of a bright future, and I’m sure you do too. That’s why I’m demanding action, and I want you to join me in asking the Government to listen to what young people want and need. I want the Government to commit to a new year’s resolution for children and young people in care. As a first step, introducing a national commitment and target to reduce the number of moves children in the care system experience, and providing the necessary funds to boost the number of suitable homes for children, investing in children’s homes, as well as recruiting more foster carers, would be a welcome start. These are straightforward steps the Government can take today, to improve the outlook for young people next Christmas. I hope they will take this opportunity to make a difference. 