Yellowstone season five has seen John Dutton's (played by Kevin Costner) rising political career and the feud between two of his children growing more intense. So fans are eager to find out what happens next given how Beth (Kelly Reilly) and Jamie Dutton (Wes Bently) were talking at the end of A Knife and No Coin. Here's why fans are going to have to wait to watch what happens next to the Duttons. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Yellowstone. Yellowstone season five, episode eight, aired on Sunday, January 1, on Paramount+ in the USA and the following day for those fans living in the UK. Viewers are geared up for a full-on Beth and Jamie showdown following some of the episode's final scenes. Sadly, episode nine won't be airing on the streaming service this week on Sunday, January 8, as expected. What's even worse is that the next instalment isn't going to be available to watch for quite some time. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer First of all, the delay of Yellowstone's latest episode is down to episode eight serving as the show's midseason finale. Typically, this means the Western drama takes a break from the streamer for a number of weeks in order to lengthen the series' schedule. The wait is predicted to be longer than normal though as Summer Higgins star Piper Perabo revealed the cast hasn't even filmed episode nine yet. So the hiatus may leave viewers waiting another few months to find out what happens next. She explained to TV Insider: "There's a lot coming. Things are on the move. "I can't wait to get back to the back half just because I want to know what happens. "I personally only know what happens up to the midseason finale up to that last second, and I don't know what happens when we come back... "I think you can tell that things are going really south because [the seventh] episode doesn't end at the fair; it ends with him practising that speech." DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant  [ROYAL]Yellowstone star Josh Lucas admits he initially wanted different role [CAST]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [EXPLAINER] Perabo continued: "And Taylor's very good – if you're paying attention, he's telling you where the trouble's coming from. "I think the fact that he ends with that scene is, for those paying attention, he's showing you." At the end of episode eight, Jamie spoke out against his father and called for a senate tribunal seeking impeachment with the majority of voters in its favour. Disgusted, Beth showed up at Jamie's door and smacked him in the face with a rock, threatening to tell everyone how he killed his biological dad Garrett Randall (Will Patton). But Jamie was one step ahead as he told his sister the "train station" where he buried Garrett's body is where all the other bodies are of the people the Duttons have killed over the years. So if Jamie's murder is revealed then so will all of their misdeeds, leaving Beth frustrated. When both of them are away from one away, they both expressed their desire to come up with plans to kill their sibling but will they go through with it? Yellowstone is available to watch on Paramount+.