   BBC Breakfast star Nina Warhurst, 42, has admitted it’s been a “very anxious few months” for her family in a new Instagram post. Last week, the presenter described how she had “finally come up for air” following what sounded like a very stressful time.      In the honest admission that she shared last Wednesday, Nina gave fans an insight into her personal life. In view of her 15,100 followers, the star posted a pic of herself wearing a charcoal facemask, which she captioned: "It's been a very anxious few months for me and my family. “We are finally coming up for air and last night I had a chance to take stock,” she continued. “I looked around my bedroom. I was wearing a beauty mask, given to me by a colleague who had seen my skin is suffering.     “There is the box of Maltesers, posted by a friend after I said I feel too guilty to send myself treats. “There are the microwaveable slippers (you read it right) sent by friends after I complained my feet are always cold. “The are the candles, the bath salts, the pound shop toe heaters, the home made card, the massage voucher, the novel selected to be just the right level of page turn-y, and a phone full of messages ‘just checking in.’ “There are so many friends and relatives who gently leaned in to love us over the last few months,” she added warmly.      “Thank you thank you thank you. It made us feel seen and supported when we needed it most. “There were also the friends we didn’t hear from because they didn’t want to impose. I understand that reservation and everyone’s different. “But for me, a small gesture or message to say someone is in your thoughts is never wasted…. “It’s enough to keep the heart (and the toes) warm enough to keep going forward. Even when it doesn’t feel possible,” she penned with a heart emoji and foot emoji. READ MORE... Lucy Alexander breaks silence on A Place In The Sun amid BBC exit [UPDATE] Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST] Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS]     Ending on a joke, she wrote: “Sorry for the creepy photo. It’s actually less scary than my real skin RN.” The upload has since been liked over 1000 times and the star received plenty of messages of support in the comments section. Iain Liston wrote: “Oh that's such a shame, when you're on telly, you're always so cheerful and ready with a smile. Hope things improve for you soon.” Laurence Mitchell penned: “If it makes any difference your personality shines through and your cup runneth over.”      While Colin commented: “Nobody knows what goes on behind people's front doors. “As Mark Twain said, ‘I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.’ Keep your chin up girl, tomorrow is another day…” (sic) Nina is a mother to two sons with her husband Ted, whom she married back in 2014. BBC Breakfast returns tomorrow at 6am on BBC One.   