Royal editor Katie Nicholl appeared on Saturday's instalment of BBC Breakfast where she aired her views about Prince Harry's upcoming memoir with hosts Naga Munchetty and Roger Johnson. The Duke of Sussex's wave of relations and allegations about the Royal Family from the book, Spare, were leaked earlier this week. Katie claimed "Americans feel" the Prince has "crossed the line" at a time when he needs the nation's support. Katie, who is Vanity Fair's royal editor, claimed Harry was once so well protected by Buckingham Palace which was a "brilliant PR machine". "He's lost that and of course, by leaving the Royal Family he's lost the backup of the palace," she continued. "I think he comes across as very vulnerable and very exposed and I think he is surrounded by a lot of people who only say yes. "And I mean, where were the friends? Where were the people who truly knew him to pass that manuscript to him in confidence who actually would say, 'Harry, perhaps you have gone too far here.'" READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer She felt there was no one around the Duke to guide him as the BBC Breakfast interview continued. Katie also reflected on the reception in the United States, a place Harry has called home since 2020. She claimed: "I really do think there has been this swing in public support. "And of course, that is concerning for Harry and Meghan as they are in California where they have set up this alternative rival royal court. "They need America's support and at the moment I am not sure they have got it. "I think even the Americans feel Harry, in this autobiography, has crossed a line." BBC Breakfast host Roger asked Kaite if she could picture Harry reconciling with his father, King Charles III, brother Prince William, and the rest of his family. However, Katie replied: "I don't see any signs of reconciliation on the cards anytime soon. "We haven't had an official response from the palace." DON'T MISS...Prince William praised for defending Kate over 'rude' Meghan Markle [UPDATE]Prince Harry has put his family in serious danger with this awful book [ROYALS]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's ambushes on Firm 'took toll' on Queen [LATEST] Harry's allegations were leaked ahead of his book's official release date, which is going on sale on Tuesday, January 10. The memoir covers a host of subjects from his fractured relationship with his brother William to his time in the military. The father-of-two also appears to go into uncomfortable levels of detail about his sex life and drug use. Harry's ITV interview about the book will be broadcast on Sunday, and trailers for the explosive conversation with journalist Tom Bradby were released earlier this week.  Harry told Tom of a row which got out of hand with his brother: "What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. “He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” However, the 38-year-old Prince added: “I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability. Buckingham Palace has not released a statement following Harry's allegations. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am. 