Newcastle are pushing forward in their attempts to sign Harrison Ashby from West Ham, but have reportedly had their 'opening bid rejected'. Kieran Trippier has been a revelation for Newcastle since joining from Atletico Madrid 12 months ago. He's played a crucial part in helping Eddie Howe's side mount a surprise challenge for the top four as they've lost just once in the league through 21 games. They've also got the best defensive record of any side, conceding just 11 goals all season. Trippier has played nearly every minute in the Premier League so far, but Howe will want the ability to give his first-choice right-back a breather next season if European football is added to their calendar. Javier Manquillo and Matt Targett have been used sparingly as cover for Trippier so far this campaign, but the Spaniard looks set to leave in the near future while the latter predominantly plays on the left. It's prompted Newcastle to scour the market for a young right-sided defender in the January market. Ivan Fresneda was originally seen as the top target, but they're not alone in showing an interest in the highly-rated 18-year-old.  Arsenal have reportedly been moving forward with an attempt to sign Fresneda from Real Valladolid. And Newcastle have seemingly moved their attention back to West Ham starlet Ashby, who has been on the fringes of David Moyes' squad. According to Sky Sports, Newcastle lodged a bid for Ashby earlier this window that has only now just been rejected. Talks are said to be ongoing between the two clubs with Newcastle not giving up on making a deal happen. Ashby, 21, fits the bill for the type of player Newcastle reportedly want to bring in to try and learn off Trippier. But it's not likely to be the only piece of business Newcastle do between now and the end of the January window.  Anthony Gordon is set to be announced as Newcastle's latest big-money signing following a breakthrough in talks with Everton. And it's also being suggested that they could try and test Leicester's resolve in the final days of the market with an attempt to sign James Maddison. Gordon looks set to fill the void from Chris Wood's departure on loan to Nottingham Forest with Howe admitting at the time that he wanted a replacement brought in. “As a manager, you always want more options. I’ve got no issue with the squad, strength or size," he said. "The point I was making yesterday was if we get injuries, we’d be very light. We’re keen to do business and keen to bring a player that can hopefully help us but as we know in this window, there are no guarantees that will happen."