If the trial of King Charles I, which opened in January 1649, was the Parliamentary trial of the last millennium, the inquiry by the Privileges Committee into Mr Johnson 374 years later promises to be the Parliamentary trial of this millennium. But as the inquiry approaches in the coming weeks there are serious doubts over Parliament’s ability to police its own MPs. The issue with Mr Johnson is of course around Partygate but it is not whether he broke the rules or gave an incorrect account to MPs in the Commons. The charge that needs to be answered and proven is whether Mr Johnson deliberately and knowingly lied. That is much harder to prove and could in the end become a subjective conclusion based on what individuals on the committee think about Mr Johnson rather than hard evidence. This is where the case of Andrew Bridgen, the Conservative MP for North West Leicestershire, comes into play. The former Brexit Spartan has just had his appeal against a five-day suspension from Parliament on two counts rejected and it will be triggered when MPs return on January 9. The issue here is that for many Mr Bridgen is already a martyr. You only have to look at social media platforms to see dozens of people linking his suspension to the fact that he was the only MP to stand up and make a brave speech questioning the continued use of the mRNA covid vaccines. Let us be clear that Bridgen was not suspended because of his stance on covid vaccines. However, there is a case to be said that he was suspended because he is the rare sort of MP who would be willing to stand up and make that sort of allegation. He is not clubable, in many ways a loner, and says exactly what he believes without worrying about offence. There are quite a number of victims of sexual abuse and rape from MPs who to this day thank Mr Bridgen for being the only MP to stand up for them and to help them pursue their claims. I spoke to the victim of the former Labour MP Mike Hill who told me that Bridgen was and remains “the only MP with any integrity in Parliament”. It is worth noting that the same Parliamentary authorities who just found Bridgen guilty were criticised for failing to take the Hill case seriously enough. All of this though have left Bridgen with lots of enemies and not enough friends in Parliament especially in his own party. READ MORE: Tory MP claims 'cover up' of Covid vaccine inflaming heart arteries The question around the Bridgen case is on the basic concept of the Rule of Law – the idea that underpins our democracy that the law applies equally to everybody whatever their position. Bridgen was found guilty on two counts. He received a two-day suspension for failing to declare in eight emails that a trip he made to Ghana to check if tree plantations at the centre of a tax evasion dispute with HMRC was paid for by Mere Plantations, who owned the trees. The declaration, though, was on his register of interests. He received an added three days for writing a private unpublished letter to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Stone asking if it was true that she had been lobbying to receive a peerage. DON'T MISS Jungle challenges, Three PMs and one permacrisis...12 days of politics [INSIGHT] Gender identity just another pawn in Sturgeon's independence strategy [REACT] Sturgeon's obsession with independence is costing Scots dear warning [REVEAL] The three-day suspension may seem harsh but there is certainly a case to say he was ill-advised to send the letter while his case was live. But the first suspension in comparison to other cases leaves some serious questions over whether MPs are treated equally. For example, in August last year, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was found to have failed to properly declare eight interests including property worth more than 100,000, but Parliamentary Commissioner Kathryn Stone concluded the inquiry and did not refer it to the committee. Also, in August shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy was found to have failed to declare 16 separate interests. Again, Ms Stone did not refer the issue to the committee for any punishment. In November, as she recommended suspension for Bridgen, Ms Stone concluded that Tory MP for Somerton and Frome David Warburton need not be punished for breaching Parliament's code of conduct over a £150,000 loan from a Russian-born businessman. Is it, to misquote Animal Farm, that “all MPs are equal, but some MPs are more equal than others” or was there a reason to make an example of Bridgen? Her conclusions on Bridgen have been upheld by the committee and independent appeals panel but there was no such scrutiny of those other three cases. There is certainly an issue that so much power is in the hands of one person. Perhaps the committee should have also considered the Starmer, Lammy and Wharburton cases to see if it agreed with the commissioner’s conclusions. But why is this important to the trial of Boris Johnson? Technically he and Bridgen are being investigated under different rules. Bridgen was a standards inquiry while Johnson’s is a privileges one. Broadly standards allegations deal with the code of conduct such as not declaring a financial interest while privileges deals with misuse of privileges as an MP such as lying to the House. But there is also a very significant difference in the way the two types of inquiries are handled. At least with standards there is a strong element of independence. The Parliamentary commissioner is independent, the committee has four independent members who are not MPs, and the appeals panel is independent. Whatever you think of the Bridgen case there were three independent safeguards throughout the process. None of that is present in a privileges investigation which is conducted by the Committee on Privileges made up of the same MPs who sit on the Committee for Standards with four Conservatives, two Labour and one SNP member. Immediately, it makes the privileges investigation a party political one in nature. There is no independent commissioner to investigate, no independent members of the committee and no ability to appeal to an independent panel after the verdict. Even with those independent elements present there are plenty of people who think that Mr Bridgen was stitched up. It does not take much imagination to work out what people will think of the Boris Johnson case. Looking back, 374 years the central defence of King Charles I in his trial by MPs in what is now Westminster Hall was that the court was illegitimate. Supporters of Mr Johnson already believe the same of the Privileges Committee. Already, the newly knighted Sir Christopher Bryant’s role as chairman of the committee has already highlighted this problem. He has been replaced on the Johnson inquiry by former Labour deputy leader Dame Harriet Harman, Mother of the House, because he had made public comments claiming Mr Johnson was guilty. But Dame Harriet’s past comments have also been raised to question whether she should chair the inquiry. Then back in September a joint Legal Opinion by Lord Pannick QC and Jason Pobjoy of Blackstone Chambers said that the inquiry would be "fundamentally flawed” and “unfair”. The 22-page summary highlighted how Mr Johnson would not even be allowed to know the identity of accusers. We have seen across the Atlantic with the January 6 inquiry into the storming of the Capitol building by Trump supporters that the integrity of such inquiries come under question. Those pushing the inquiry obviously think it is fair and proper, those who oppose it see conspiracy and political motives. So, if even the case of a backbencher has led to people questioning the fairness, equity and integrity of Parliament’s procedures, imagine what will happen when the trial of Boris gets underway with not even a pretence of political independence. If the former Prime Minister is cleared opponents will claim it was a stitch up because the committee had a Tory majority, if he is found guilty supporters will claim it is a stitch up because of Brexit. The fact is though that this inquiry was pushed by Labour and other Opposition parties for political motives to bring down the Johnson the government. It is already a political trial and one which will be conducted by partisan politicians. What unfurls this year one way or another it can only harm the reputation of Parliament further.