According to new research, many Britons are determined to tackle the cost of living crisis head on in 2023. A survey by Unbiased showed people are giving up takeaways, eating out, subscription boxes and gym memberships in the hopes of streamlining their finances. The research also found Britons could save up to £500 per month by making money-saving lifestyle choices - which could then help in other aspects of life. For instance, if a 30-year-old placed £500 per month into a pension for 30 years, assuming a Government tax top up and five percent compound returns, they would amass a fund of £511,787. The financial services platform states this would be enough for Britons to retire at 60, or even earlier. It could also help in the short-term as the cost of living continues to bite. READ MORE: Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win The start of 2023 is likely to be a popular time for Britons to start reevaluating their position in this way. To help, Karen Barrett, founder and CEO of Unbiased, unpacked seven key tips to help those “on a mission to save money in 2023”. Ms Barrett recommends starting the year with an accurate picture of one’s finances. Understanding how much spending money a person has each month shows how much it is feasible to save. DON'T MISSState pension age may rise ‘earlier than planned’ [INSIGHT]first direct offers 7% interest rate to savers in 2023 [UPDATE]Energy bills rise today for millions despite price guarantee [LATEST] Direct debits can renew automatically, and thus it can be easy to lose track of spending. Cancelling unused or unnecessary direct debits or subscriptions can help Britons save a surprising amount each month Ms Barrett explained: “Check if you may be entitled to tax reliefs or benefits that you are not using. There are many obscure tax reliefs available out there, including the marriage allowance, tax-free childcare, rent-a-room relief and many others. “You may be able to reduce your annual income tax bill and save yourself a good chunk of change.” READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year Some people will have different pools of debt, and so combining them may help the debt become easier to tackle - particularly if a person is paying less in interest. Ms Barrett recommends looking at taking out a new loan to use to pay off existing debts, or using a zero percent transfer credit deal. Advice can be important in these circumstances. The expert continued: “If you are under 40, you might want to consider opening a Lifetime ISA (if you have one already, you can continue paying into it until the age of 50). “This gives you a 25 per cent bonus on savings of up to £4,000 a year. You should be aware however that the bonus is only retained if the Lifetime ISA deposits are drawn to either buy your first home or after the age of 60 (there is a penalty for withdrawals at other times)." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Small but regular savings can soon build up, and so Ms Barrett recommends the transfer method. This involves setting up a transfer to a savings account of a small amount - like £20 or £30 - from the account one’s salary goes into. Setting this transfer up for the day a person receives their salary mean they are putting away before they get the chance to spend. Ms Barrett added: “You’ll be surprised at how much you can save each month by following these tips and spending more carefully. “For a full financial health check to see how much more you could save each month, talk to an independent financial adviser.”