Cristiano Ronaldo is facing an anxious wait to make his Al-Nassr debut after the Saudi Arabian club were unable to register the player. The blockbuster superstar put pen to paper on a lucrative deal with Al-Nassr after leaving Manchester United in November following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan. According to Barron’s, the issue surrounds Al-Nassr’s overseas player quota. The Saudi Pro League only permits clubs to register eight foreign players at one time, which Al-Nassr have already done. So one player will have to make way before Ronaldo can be registered, with Uzbek winger Jaloliddin Masharapov, who has played just once this season, said to be the most likely player to leave. Other reports in Europe, however, suggest that Al-Nassr haven’t been able to register new players because of FIFA sanctions imposed due to multiple debts. But the debts have now reportedly been paid, which means Ronaldo can now be registered. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Ronaldo has been forced to wait for his Al-Nassr debut after being handed a two-match ban by the Football Association in November. The ban came after the 37-year-old slapped a phone out of a teenager’s hand after United’s clash with Everton last season. And he will now have to serve the ban in Saudi Arabia following his mega-money move. Al-Nassr were due to take on Al-Ta'ee on Thursday, but the match was pushed back 24 hours due to heavy rain. Ronaldo’s team then travel to Al-Shabab next Saturday, before taking on Paris Saint-Germain in the Riyadh Season Cup on Thursday, January 19, when the veteran centre-forward is likeliest to make his first appearance. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile  “I’m so proud to make this big decision in my life,” Ronaldo said after signing for Al-Nassr. “In Europe my work is done. I won everything and played for the most important clubs in Europe. This is a new challenge. “I’m a unique player. I beat all the records there. I want to beat a few records here. This contract is unique but I’m a unique player, so for me it’s normal. I really don’t worry about what people say. I am really, really happy to be here. I know the league is very competitive, I saw many games. I’m ready to keep playing football. “Nobody knows this, but I had many opportunities in Europe, Brazil, Australia, America, Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. I gave my word to this club. I want to give a different vision of this country and football. This is why I took this opportunity.” 