The three top presenters have taken voluntary redundancy and will leave the BBC after decades of service between them. Eades has presented his final show already, with Gosling expected to leave at the end of January.  As for Willcox, the date for his exit has not yet come to light. They decided against taking part in the recruitment process for a new team of six lead presenters on the proposed new channel. The channel will combine the UK 24-hour news service and BBC World News. Sources told Deadline the process is “humiliating” for those involved, given the presenters' level of experience. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slammed for 'car crash' coverage of Prince Harry  “I think they [Eades, Gosling, and Willcox] could not face the prospect of having to go through this ignominious process,” said one source. A second source said: “People are incandescent. It’s humiliating — you feel like you’re 21 again and applying for your first job on the BBC.” Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. Around 15 presenters are interviewing for six positions for the merger, with Deadline reporting they are all being asked to do screen tests.  A third source said the screen tests will "help level the playing field" for those involved in the recruitment process. They stressed it was important that all presenters are judged equally and decisions will be made over the next few weeks. Those who land presenting roles will expect a significant salary increase, earning up to £230,000 ($278,000) a year. The BBC is planning to launch the merged channel in April 2023 as part of plans to cut costs and cater for an increasingly digital audience. DON'T MISS:ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [REACTION]Trump lays into BBC Masters snooker commentators - 'do your homework' [ANALYSIS]Harry’s behaviour is 'self-destructive' and a sign of PTSD - veteran [INSIGHT]  Naja Nielsen, BBC News’s digital director, said the corporation wanted to create the “best live and breaking video news service in the world". Eades has been a BBC presenter for both domestic and international channels since 2003. He has held the posts of Europe Correspondent, Ireland correspondent and senior Sports News Correspondent. The journalist has also presented weekend editions of BBC Breakfast. Gosling joined the UK news channel in 1999 and is one of the station’s most regular faces. The journalist and author previously worked for Independent Local Radio, Central Television in the Midlands and Sky News. Willcox has more than 20 years of experience working for the BBC, having presented news programmes on BBC World News and the BBC News Channel. He is known for presenting the BBC's live coverage from Chile during the Copiapó mining accident in 2010, and for anchoring the BBC's live daytime coverage during the the 2011 Egyptian revolution.