Susanna Reid shared a retweet by broadcaster Helen Wilkinson and added her own heartfelt message wishing the BBC News presenter Joanna Gosling good luck and the very best for the future. Susanna Reid shared a tweet after Joanna signed off her last news presenting bulletin with a personal message of thanks to viewers and fans that wished her a fond farewell.   Joanna signed off by saying: “Now it is just about time to say goodbye, for the last time. I’m singing off after 23 years at BBC News.   “And before I go there are just a few things I wanted to say. I know this job is personal. We come directly into your home to tell you what's happening.   “Good, bad, funny, sad. And in doing my work I always consider how you might be responding to the news you might be hearing and you might want to know.  READ MORE: Sopranos' John Ventimiglia 'heartbroken' as daughter Odele dies at 25 “But your response to me leaving has been completely unexpected and I've been really touched by the warmth and kindness.  “I want to say thank you for all your good wishes. It has really meant a lot to me.”   Fellow colleague Helena Wilkinson posted a touching tribute on Twitter which showed a clip of her final bulletin.   She captioned the Tweet: “After 23 years at BBC News @joannaG with an on-air farewell today. “A brilliant presenter. Insightful, sensitive, classy, and generous. We will miss you Joanna very much.” she finished the tweet with a red heart emoji   Susanna shared the tribute and added her own personal message which read: “Wonderful sign off. Good luck @BBCJoannaG - enjoy your new life outside Broadcasting House."   Fans flocked to her page to comment on the message. One poster wrote: “A huge loss to the BBC but hopefully a massive gain to an organisation that somewhere deserves her.   “Talented, trustworthy, empathetic and professional - and so much better than many of those competing to remain…goodluck JG.”  DONT MISS: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender [LATEST] Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [INSIGHT] Love Island's Molly-Mae Hague admits attempt to breastfeed herself  [LATEST] Another replied: “Totally agree. A consummate professional. You will be missed.”   The tribute comes after the GMB presenter sensationally left the studio to comfort the mother of missing Rugby Union player Levi Davis.   The sportsman was last seen in October last year exiting a pub in Barcelona and there have been concerns about his whereabouts ever since.   His tearful mother Julie appeared on the show to appeal for help in the search for her son. As Julie broke down the show cut to a break. When it returned it was just guest co-presenter Ed Balls fronting the show.  Explaining her absence away from the studio Ed explained why Susanna was away from her desk.   He said: “Susanna has just stepped out with the previous guest, Julie.”   After about 15 minutes, she returned and apologised to viewers for her taking some time away from the show as she praised Julie for being a "tower of strength".