The year 2022 saw an enormous change for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis as they moved house from Kensington Palace to Adelaide Cottage, changed schools and lost their great-grandmother within a few weeks. While it was disruptive for the young royals, they have reportedly settled in at Lambrook School and are enjoying everything the exclusive school offers. Lambrook School, which caters to students from the age of three to 13, charges an increasing annual fee as the children go through the school. From Reception to year two, it costs £4,389 a term, years three to four is £6,448 and for older pupils in years five to eight, it costs £6,999. Therefore, the three Wales children's education will cost £53,508 combined for the year. Lambrook School boasts a range of incredible facilities and has many exclusive clubs on offer, including a nine-hole golf course, a polo field, a bee farm and a mini Masterchef club. One extra-curricular activity that Prince William will surely be hoping Prince George takes a shine to will be the scuba diving club. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore  This would pave the way for young George to take on a key royal patronage that has passed from generation to generation. Prince William became the third generation of the family to take on the presidency of the British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC) in 2014, following on from his father King Charles and his grandfather, the late Prince Philip. At an event William spoke to BSAC members and said: "It's a great honour to be here with my father and accept the presidency of the British Sub-Aqua Club, continuing that from my grandfather as well." He added: "I hope that one day my son George might follow in our footsteps. For the moment bath time is quite painful, but I imagine as he gets a little bit older, donning a mask and snorkel might calm him down."    Prince George also would have to attend classes on Saturday too, followed by an afternoon of sports fixtures for pupils in year five and above. As Charlotte and Louis are not in year five yet, they are not eligible for Saturday classes. A source told The Telegraph: "Even the most local parents like the idea of their smalls being able to stay over for a night when necessary – it means they can throw dinner parties and have hangovers without having to get the kids to school the next day." According to the school's own website, Lambrook School is a "thriving independent school" which is home to 620 boys and girls. READ MORE: Kate's carol concert trailer shows 'professional' body language  The description continues: "The Lambrook experience combines first-class teaching and superb facilities with traditional values, set in the idyllic surroundings of 52 acres of beautiful Berkshire countryside." George, Charlotte and Louis do not use their Prince and Princess titles when at school. When the trio first started Lambrook School in September 2022, they were known as George Cambridge, Charlotte Cambridge, and Louis Cambridge. However, they now go by the surname Wales, because their parents became the Prince and Princess of Wales after the Queen's death.  Many of Lambrook School's leavers head off to prestigious secondary schools, including Eton. It is incredibly likely that Prince George and Prince Louis will follow in their father's footsteps and join Eton College when they turn 13. The famous school charges a whopping £48,501 a year and was set up by King Henry VI in 1440.  It counts other former royal students such as Prince Harry, Prince William of Gloucester, The Duke of Kent, as well as Sam and Arthur Chatto, the grandchildren of the late Princess Margaret.