Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goals in Saudi Arabia in a crunch friendly with rival Lionel Messi’s PSG. The Manchester United and Real Madrid icon had already taken a nasty punch in the face by goalkeeper Kaylor Navas, but recovered to bag a penalty and a tap-in against the Ligue 1 champions. Ronaldo’s start to life in Saudi Arabia had been delayed while he served a suspension he picked up while still playing for United in the Premier League. It means that he is yet to feature for new club Al-Nassr in the Saudi Pro League. However, despite still not featuring for Al-Nassr, he was able to play his first game in the country in a glamorous exhibition match between a Riyadh XI and PSG. The veteran attacker was captain of the team, while World Cup winner Messi started for the French outfit. An entertaining first half saw both Ronaldo and Messi get on the scoresheet. The Argentina ace opened the scoring inside three minutes before Ronaldo won a penalty after taking a punch to the face by Navas. JUST IN: Zaniolo 'asks to leave Roma' as Arsenal learn ways of striking deal Having overcome the blow, the 37-year-old calmly stroked the ball into the corner of the net. It was his first goal in Saudi and will give him a major confidence boost ahead of his official debut for Al-Nassr. After PSG went 2-1 ahead through Marquinhos, Ronaldo bagged his brace. The forward's deft header struck the post and he followed up by slamming the ball into the net with his left foot. Ronaldo will hope to get off to a good start for his new club, having joined on a free transfer following his axing by Man Utd. It is believed that he has signed a blockbuster £175m per-year contract with Al-Nassr, a deal that will run until the summer of 2024. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'agree Noni Madueke transfer deal' after big-money bidArsenal told they're back to greatness but are still scared of Man UtdArsenal switch transfer strategy after Leandro Trossard deal opening  However, the Saudi outfit has denied reports that he will serve as an ambassador for the country's 2030 World Cup bid. Speculation insisted that the ex-Juventus ace had agreed an extra five-year contract to kick in after his playing days to help Saudi Arabia win its effort to host the tournament in seven years' time. On the pitch, Ronaldo could make his long-awaited debut for Al-Nassr against Ettifaq on Sunday. He has been forced to watch on in a 2-0 win over Al-Ta'ee and a goalless draw with Al-Shabab. That is because he was handed a ban by the English Football Association for an incident that happened in United's Premier League defeat by Everton towards the end of last season, As he trudged off the pitch, Ronaldo appeared to strike a phone out of the hand of a young supporter.