Alongside Good Morning Britain, This Morning and Loose Women, Lorraine Kelly also pre-recorded some of her episodes so she could have time off over Christmas. On Tuesday she returned to her throne but opened up about an operation she underwent over Christmas on her shoulder. Lorraine was joined by Dr Hilary Jones and was asked how her Christmas and New Year celebrations went. She admitted that she underwent surgery and said: "I had the most quiet one ever! I did, I had a wee operation on my shoulder, it has been annoying me for ages." An image of Lorraine with her arm in a sling appeared on screen as she continued: "There I am celebrating Christmas. "Thank you to professor Levy and his team because oh my goodness me, keyhole surgery is incredible. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer "Just had to remove some calcification and a little bit of bone and yeah I am doing my physio and I am all fine but we had a really quiet Christmas and new year. "Rosie and Steve looked after me and then Rosie obviously takes after me in the cooking department, not," she joked. During the show, the pair discussed the latest health craze which involved eating real Christmas trees that people would be getting rid of. She exclaimed: "Forget rocking around the Christmas tree, you might want to eat your tree. I can’t believe I’m saying this. "The Daily Star and they know what they’re talking about, are calling it 'pine dining' as leading chefs say organic trees can be used to pickle eggs… life is too short,’ she giggled. Dr Hilary responded: "I think if you eat your Christmas tree, you’re likely to be going to A&E. Recycling is good and you can use pine needles for flavour but I wouldn’t think sitting munching them is a very good idea." She finished the segment: "I draw the line, I draw the line. Am I actually here or having a mad dream? It’s just mad!" Lorraine wasn't the only chatshow host who revealed that had fallen ill over the Christmas period, as Good Morning Britain's Richard Madeley opened up about getting the "superbug". DON'T MISS:BBC slammed for airing 'dead donkey' Mrs Brown's Boys [LATEST]Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [WATCH]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [INSIGHT]  At the beginning of their first show back on Tuesday, Susanna Reid was quick to point out an accident that her co-star had suffered. Prior to getting ill over Christmas, Richard had suffered a fall whilst filming with Kate Garraway during their NHS special episode. She asked: "Didn't you have an accident? Are you ok?" as Richard replied: "That was no big deal. "I just slipped up and banged my head on the ground. I tell you what, I don't know about you watching home.  "Maybe some of you are watching this because you can't get to work or because of the rail strike, so welcome. Or maybe because you've got this superbug, I had that at Christmas for a month. "Never had anything like it before. In fact, I’m beginning to wonder if there’s a new strain of Covid going around. "I took a test every week, and it was always negative, but I can’t help thinking that’s what I had." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.