A drink-driving mother was three times over the limit when she was spotted "weaving all over" a dual carriageway. Jane Brooke, 46, drank three bottles of wine before getting behind the wheel of her red VW Polo the following morning. A court heard Brooke, who is self-employed, was "unsteady on her feet and smelt of liquor" when police officers pulled her over. Her VW Polo was stopped on a country road near Yarm, North Yorkshire, after "weaving all over the road" on the adjacent A19. Brooke, who has a 14-year-old son, admitted drink driving and was sentenced to eight weeks in custody, suspended for 12 months. She must also complete 25 rehabilitation activity requirement days. Members of the public alerted police to Brooke's driving on July 24 last year, Teesside Live reports. Heather Willis, prosecuting, said the defendant failed a roadside breath test and was taken to custody. Further tests showed that Brooke had 280 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood. Ms Willis stated Brooke, from Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, was not interviewed and has no previous convictions. A pre-sentence report was prepared for Teesside Magistrates' Court, and the probation officer described Brooke as "pleasant and polite". She told how she was "embarrassed" about the offence. The court heard how Brooke, who lives alone, had struggled with two bereavements, including her brother and mum for whom she had cared. Following the deaths, Brooke began drinking heavily, the court heard. On the evening of July 23, she had consumed three bottles of wine at home. However, the following morning "felt OK to drive"the 35 miles from Yarm to Sunderland.  The court heard how Brooke is self-employed in financial management but will have to resign as she needs a driving licence to complete her job. Heather Bolton, defending, said Brooke was "genuinely remorseful". Ms Bolton stated that Brooke had consumed a “significant amount of alcohol” the previous evening but slept on it and didn’t believe she was over the limit. “Fortunately there wasn’t an accident,” the defence solicitor added. Ms Bolton stated that Brookes had been "struggling with half of her family passing away within months of each other".  Brooke was also disqualified from driving for 32 months and must pay a court bill of £239.