Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag may have pulled off a masterstroke with the signing of Wout Weghorst. That is if Ruud van Nistelrooy's comments are anything to go by, with the Red Devils legend predicting a successful few months for his Dutch compatriot. United completed the loan signing of Weghorst on Friday. A deal was agreed between Burnley and Besiktas to terminate his loan with the Turkish club in order to facilitate a move to Old Trafford. Weghorst had a hugely disappointing six months at Burnley in the second half of last season. He scored just two goals in 20 appearances for the Clarets. But he has picked up his goalscoring form for club and country in the first half of this campaign. And Van Nistelrooy is convinced the 30-year-old will be a smart addition by Ten Hag. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  The PSV boss said: "I think Wout has so much character and qualities that he will stand out there. I experienced him at the national team. He’s just a champion of a guy, with an incredibly competitive character. We also saw that at the World Cup. "Wout is ready for such a step, and he will make his contribution there. I am 100 per cent convinced of that. He has the qualities to make an impact at United." United were in need of a striker following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. Ten Hag said they didn't have a player of Weghorst's ilk at the club. He told the United website: "He is a striker, and we had an open position there to fill in. I think in the balance of the offensive [players], he really fits in. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte tipped to resign if they lose Arsenal clashArsenal sent Mudryk warning after making breakthrough in transfer talksChelsea owner Boehly is set to make a terrible call on Potter sacking  "I am really happy, and I don't think we had the type that he is. Most importantly, he can score goals from everywhere and he was always a surprise at every club, in every league. "That is also what I expect here. For here, I expect a team player and someone who can link up, a player who will do his defending work and we are really happy to sign him." Meanwhile, Weghorst has promised to give it his all for however long he is at Old Trafford. He said: "Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. "I thank everyone who has played a part in getting me to this stage, and now I am looking forward to meeting my new team-mates and getting involved straight away."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here