Everton are hoping to sign Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo before tonight's transfer deadline, according to reports. The Italian attacking midfielder is also a target for Leeds United in the final few hours of the window. Zaniolo has been linked with a move away from Roma throughout January. And it appears he could still make a late switch to the Premier League. Bournemouth had interest in signing the 23-year-old but a deal to the Vitality Stadium appears to be dead in the water. Leeds are also said to have made contact regarding a possible deal. But there could now be a fresh option for Zaniolo. Sport Italia claims Everton have made a late move in an attempt to sign him. The Toffees are yet to make any signings this month and only appointed new manager Sean Dyche on Monday. Zaniolo is reported to be keen on leaving Roma after failing to agree a new contract. Leeds have failed with a loan move for Zaniolo as Roma would only want a permanent deal if the player was to leave. Leeds would need to raise funds through the sale of Jack Harrison to be able to afford Zaniolo. Harrison has been a target for Leicester but that move appears increasingly unlikely. That could open the door for Everton to go all in for Zaniolo. Dyche takes over a team who sit 19th in the Premier League table, two points from safety. The Merseyside club have been keen on bringing in new signings but have so far failed to do so. Zaniolo joined Roma from Inter Milan in 2018 and has made over 120 appearances for the Italian club. However, his career has been littered by fitness problems, including two anterior cruciate knee ligament injuries. Zaniolo's contract at Roma expires at the end of next season and he has been in discussion over a renewal. His agent Claudio Vigorelli claimed in December he wanted to put pen to paper on an extension. But over a month on, a new deal is yet to be signed. Vigorelli said: "There are no clouds on the horizon, we have an excellent rapport with Roma and Tiago Pinto and we’ve agreed that we’ll discuss a contract extension in the future when the club thinks it’s best. "Now, the most important thing is to focus on work and performance on the pitch. The club knows that we are ready to sit down and negotiate. I repeat that the rapport with Pinto is excellent and Zaniolo is happy in Rome and with fans." MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.