Chelsea ace Mason Mount could return in time to take revenge on Manchester City later this week. The England international was absent for Thursday's Premier League clash but Blues boss Graham Potter has suggested that fielding him in Sunday's FA Cup showdown is not out of the question. Injury woes hindered Chelsea's attempt at pulling off a big win over City at Stamford Bridge. It wasn't until just before kick-off that Potter explained Mount had taken a knock in training with fans perplexed as to why he had been left out. Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic both came off injured inside the first 20 minutes to join the growing crowd of players on the sidelines. While Chelsea finished the match with peripheral figures such as Lewis Hall, Omari Hutchinson and Carney Chukwuemeka on the pitch, City clinched a narrow 1-0 win thanks to Riyad Mahrez's second-half strike. It's not all doom and gloom for Blues fans, however, as Potter claims that Mount may be in a position to return for the two sides' FA Cup meeting at the Etihad on Sunday. READ MORE: Man Utd fans tell the Glazers their No 1 target to replace Ronaldo  "Mason got a kick [on Wednesday] in training, again we’re hopeful for the weekend but it’s one of those things at the moment," he told reporters after the game. "I’ve never experienced anything like [the current injury crisis] and I’d ideally not want to experience it here. But it is what it is, I have to just carry on. "It doesn’t make things any easier. Raheem, it was his first action in the game, a strange one, a back heel. Christian’s, he was running at full pelt and it’s a blocked shot and contact with his knee. Fingers crossed it’s not too bad. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  "Obviously, the expectation is where it is. You want to be here, have all your players available, a fully fit squad, and be able to compete. You know the demands of our supporters, who I thought were fantastic, really supportive and got behind the team in a great way. It is frustrating for everybody at the moment." A trip to the Etihad means Chelsea will get their FA Cup campaign underway in tough circumstances this season. City haven't quite been at their rampant best with Arsenal leading the Premier League title charge but three points on Thursday means that Pep Guardiola's side are within five points of the Gunners, with the league still technically in their hands. Chelsea enjoyed a stellar FA Cup run last season with wins over Middlesbrough and Crystal Palace taking them all the way to the final, where they lost on penalties to Liverpool at Wembley. Mount's potential return would be a major boost for Potter, whose side have lacked potency in front of goal this campaign. The 23-year-old is shy of his best form but still boasts five goal contributions in 16 league games this season - the third-highest total in the Chelsea squad.