   Singer Sinitta Malone, 59, admitted she was “freaked out” when she became inundated with messages last night. The star slammed what turned out to be a “terrible prank”, as some were led to believe that X Factor and Britain’s Got Talent creator Simon Cowell, 63, had died.     In view of her 15,400 Instagram followers today, Sinitta wrote: “There is a terrible prank that @SimonCowell has died. “It freaked me out last night when people started messaging me! Simon is NOT dead People,” she clarified firmly. “Very much Alive and Well Thank God I have a great sense of humour but you really scared me #NOTFUNNy #notfunny.” (sic) The post was accompanied by a very blurry picture of Sinitta’s hands. READ MORE: Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’     The Celebs Go Dating star’s stern comments come after many of his fans were duped into thinking that the famous talent show judge had died due to a dangerous online hoax. Sinitta’s followers took to the comments section to share messages of support after her emotional ordeal. Josephine wrote: “People should not joke [about] someone’s life. Because it can happen.” (sic) Lady penned: “Sadly people start these rumours to cause anguish and upset, and it spirals.     “Last week it was Davina McCall. Just horrible. Sending (((hugs))) xx.” (sic) Veronica commented: “That was a horrible shock for you Sinitta. People can be so cruel. Long live Simon. Love him.” (sic) Tishara wrote: “This Internet is full of wicked People, unfortunately. I am sending you hugs @thesinittaofficial. Sorry you went through this.” (sic) “That’s disgusting. I hope you're ok @thesinittaofficial,” Fabia added. READ MORE... James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career [INSIGHT]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz [NEWS]Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs [NEWS]       So Macho singer Sinitta was in a relationship with Simon for two years between 1982 and 1984, but they continued to date on/off for many years after that. Since then, the hitmaker has gone on to appear in E4's Celebs Go Dating with the hopes of finally meeting her match. However, she has subsequently accused the show of "disgraceful editing" and was left feeling furious about how she was made to come across. The star has said that comments she made about her ex-boyfriend were taken wildly out of context for entertainment purposes.      During the show, it was suggested that Sinitta was still in love with Simon, despite the fact that he is now loved up with Lauren Silverman, who is his fiancée and the mother to his eight-year-old son Eric. The songstress strongly denied this suggestion, furiously tweeting: “Disgraceful editing!” "To say I was still 'in love' with Simon Cowell was a huge disservice to me and my endeavours. "Why did you do this? Love and 'in Love' are very different,” she added insistently.  