Three female prison guards have been locked up themselves after they were found having affairs with inmates at Britain’s largest jail. Jennifer Gavan, 27, Ayshea Gunn, 27, and Emily Watson, 26, were all sentenced within the last three years after their illicit relationships were uncovered at Berwyn prison in Wrexham, North Wales.    And the remaining staff at the category C prison are now receiving training to try and tackle any illegal relationships.   Gavan was jailed for eight months in December after she smuggled a mobile phone in to the prison for her lover Alex Coxon, 25.   She gave it to him so she could send photos of herself via Snapchat.   The 27-year-old was also caught kissing him during the relationship that started in April 2020 and lasted until that July.     She pleaded guilty to misconduct in public office after she accepted £150 to bring in the phone.   In 2019, Gunn was jailed for one year after having a fling with ‘dangerous’ inmate Khuram Razaq, 29.   The 27-year-old criminology and psychology graduate made numerous sexual phone calls to him while he was serving a 12-year sentence for conspiracy to rob.   She also smuggled in a pair of her knickers for him.   READ MORE: Gas prices drop to pre-Ukraine war level but households still burdened  When police searched her bedroom they found pictures of the pair kissing and hugging while in his cell.   Also in 2019, Watson was given a 12 month prison sentence for performing a sex act on prisoner John McGee.   Mold Crown Court heard staff became suspicious because 26-year-old Watson spent so much time with him and so they launched an investigation.   DON'T MISSDramatic moment Russian ammunition depot is blown to smithereens [PICTURED]Poll shows two-thirds of UK support second Brexit vote – do you agree? [OPINION]Kremlin’s lack of equipment blamed for struggles in Bakhmut [ANALYSIS]   It was discovered that out of the three occasions they had been alone together in his cell, she performed a sex act on him twice and had intercourse once.   A Prison Service spokesperson said: "The overwhelming majority of Prison Service staff are hardworking and dedicated and we will not hesitate to punish those who break the rules. "Over 500 members of staff at HMP Berwyn have undertaken corruption prevention training in the last 18 months and our enhanced security is protecting the prison against attempts to smuggle illicit items inside." 