California’s nightmare weather rolls on as some areas face up to three more feet of snow tonight. Since New Years Eve, the Golden State has been hit with a relentless series of storms, bringing flooding, mudslides and deaths. As with the state’s previous storms, heavy rainfall is expected to slam coastal regions on Monday night, totalling several inches drenching the state. But the highest elevations, especially the Sierra Nevada mountains, will get another dose of snow. The Sacramento office of the National Weather Service (NWS) said that "periods of moderate to heavy snow will continue into Monday". One to three feet (30 to 91cm) of new snow already fell in parts of California's Sierra Nevada range over the weekend. In the Golden State’s mountains, up to three more feet of snow is set to hit communities. ABC News’ Matt Rivers, reporting from Truckee, said: “Weeks of consistent snowfall here in the Sierra Nevada mountains have led to scenes like this car being buried by snow. “Just during the day today, some parts of the mountains could receive an additional three feet of snow. Remarkable numbers here.” Transportation urging drivers to avoid the area until after 10pm on Monday. However, as the week progresses, the frequency of storms smashing California will slow which gives residents breathing room before the next storm. READ MORE: California storms: Two more downpours on the way as 18 dead "By Tuesday, dry conditions are expected to return as an area of high pressure noses into California," AccuWeather meteorologist Brandon Buckingham explained. Areas like Sacramento and Fresno can each expect at least 24 to 36 hours of dry conditions before the next round of wet weather moves in. AccuWeather added that the dry spell “could also be the beginning of a much longer dry stretch for southern portions of the state”. They suggested dry weather could also be in store for cities like San Diego and Los Angeles through the end of January. AccuWeather also noted the relentless storms has left the ground unable to handle any more rain without immediate runoff and the potential for the topsoil on hillsides to let loose. Flood warnings were issued for the region north of San Francisco Bay, including Marin, Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino counties. To the south, warnings were posted for counties including San Mateo and Santa Cruz, where the tiny community of Felton Grove along the San Lorenzo River was ordered to evacuate. An evacuation order was also issued for residents of the Wilton area in semi rural south-eastern Sacramento County. Authorities cited the threat of flooding from the Cosumnes River. At least 19 storm-related deaths have been reported, and a five-year-old boy remains missing after being swept out of his mother’s car. Over the weekend, Joe Biden declared a major disaster in California as a result of the nightmare weeks-long weather event The declaration orders federal aid to supplement state, tribal and local recovery efforts in the areas affected by the severe weather.