A woman working two jobs to pay for her mother’s cancer treatment has been found decapitated and dismembered in her own home. The body of Anggy Diaz, 21, was found on Wednesday and her new husband, Jared Dicus, 21, has confessed to the killing, according to police.  Ms Diaz and Mr Discus married less than four months ago. Pictures on social media show the couple in a loving embrace moments after they tied the knot on October 21. Ms Diaz had moved to the US from Nicaragua in Central America several years ago and began working at a local meat market where she learned English. She worked a second job to cover cancer treatment cost for her mum, who is living back in Nicaragua. Police discovered her decapitated and dismembered body at the couple's home in a wooded area of Magnolia, a small town 44 miles northwest of Houston, Texas. They believe a kitchen knife was used to carry out the attack.  "That’s the world we live in today. It’s a gruesome scene," Waller County Sheriff Troy Guidry said. "Both sides of these families will be altered by it." Mr Dicus has been charged with murder and is being held on a $500,000 bond. Sheriff Giudry told reporters at a press conference the husband has confessed to the killing. In a statement on Facebook, Waller County Judge Trey Duhon said he had married the couple in October.  READ MORE: Police hunt as missing leopard escapes from zoo enclosure "During my short time with them, they were a very nice young couple," Judge Duhon wrote, adding: "I'm greatly saddened and shocked by the news of this tragic event and my prayers are with all of their families." Ms Diaz’s co-workers described her as happy and always smiling. She met Mr Discus at work. Friends said that they believed something was wrong in the relationship following the wedding but were shocked to hear of her gruesome murder. "She was happy, very happy with her husband. But there were days when she was different. She was tired but I wasn’t sure if she was tired because of her job or because of her relationship," Ms Diaz's boss, Veronica Jimenez, told local outlet KHOU11.  DON'T MISS:At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] CCTV footage from Ms Diaz's work on the day of the killing appears to show Mr Dicus walking in, grabbing a beer and leaving without paying at around 11.40am. He appears to open the beer in the parking lot before taking a sip and driving away. A GoFundMe campaign has been set up in order to help raise money for the funeral. It has already raised more than $20,000 dollars. The page reads: "A parent's worst nightmare. Anggy Diaz 21 years old daughter, sister, niece, and a friend. Our family is shattered by the loss of such a young life." 