After nine years on the BBC soap, Danny Dyer left EastEnders as the much-loved character Mick Carter died trying to save his love Linda (played by Kellie Bright). With many fans left heartbroken that Linda and Mick didn’t get their happy ending, actress Charlie Brooks confessed people still aren’t happy with her. After Janine’s lies got exposed during the soaps Christmas special, viewers watched as she plunged her car off of a cliff into the English Channel with Linda in the passenger seat. Despite his fear of water, Mick dived in to save the two women who were trapped underwater in Janine’s car. After managing to get Janine out, he dove back in to get Linda, without realising she’d already set herself free and was safe on land. However, Mick was nowhere to be seen in the show’s closing moments leaving many viewers to realise he’d died trying to save his love READ MORE:GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan  After being arrested the following day, Janine left EastEnders on Christmas day after returning to the square back in 2021. Speaking about the dramatic storyline on Monday’s instalment of This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby wanted to know about fan reaction to Micks’s death. Holly asked: “Has everyone forgiven you for Christmas yet because obviously leaving EastEnders, you drove Mick off the side of the cliff. I mean, what a way to exit.” Charlie replied: “No, I’m still getting messages of hate actually about breaking up Mick and Linda.  “I was so honoured to be part of that storyline and to work with those two, I love Danny and Kelly so much and we really had a fantastic 18 months. “I loved my time there, I was just honoured to be part of that storyline at Christmas and to see Danny Dyer out the door.” Touching on her departure, Phil said she is able to drift back in and out of the show as she has in the past. Holly added: “She does do ultimate mic drops when she leaves that show doesn’t she?” DON'T MISS... Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [VIDEO] ITV viewers blast GMB over 'hypocritical' report as host jets to Dubai [REACTION] Dancing On Ice's Ekin-Su sparks more uproar for 'flashing' underwear [DANCING ON ICE]   Charlie replied: “She’s so high drama I don’t know how you’d keep a character like that in the show without diluting them slightly. “I think she can be quite a useful tool to come in and cause some explosions and then go again.” Speaking to Metro about his exit, Danny Dyer said: “It’s very emotional for me, I’m very attached to the show and it’s been a third of my career. “30 years I’ve been knocking about in this industry and nearly 10 I’ve been in this show. To make the decision I made, I didn’t make it lightly.”  The actor confessed he questioned whether or not he’d made the right choice in leaving the show. He added: “There was a lot of love for me in the room and there was a part of me that just wanted to duck out because it was emotional for me. “I thought it would probably be easier just to leave by the back door.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm. 