Meghan and Harry have been accused of "blackmailing" the Royal Family amid swirling rumours around the potential release of a second book by the Sussexes. Prince Harry's Spare, which hit shelves January 10, detailed the Duke's life but also dove into intimate interactions between him, his wife and others in the Firm.  The release came at a pivotal time for the Royal Family, following the death of Queen Elizabeth II but before the Coronation of King Charles III. Now, an expert has accused the Sussexes of stealing the limelight when all eyes should be on the Coronation and future reign of King Charles III. "The thing is, of course, that this is supposed to be the first of a four book deal and we've had him almost blackmailing the Royal Family saying 'oh, well, I left the most sensational pieces out of the book'," said historian Rafe Heydel-Mankoo. He added: "Almost, 'If you don't engage with me and apologise, well who knows, maybe there will be a volume two to Spare'." However, there have also been rumours that Meghan Markle has been considering writing her own memoir, although no such book has been confirmed.  Mr Heydel-Mankoo said: "We are also told that Meghan's been keeping a diary and that you could have Mrs Spare or whatever they would call it." The memoir has also negatively affected the poll ratings of many of the senior royals "unfairly and unjustifiably", according to Mr Heydel-Mankoo, who claimed the Royal Family "couldn't answer" Prince Harry's claims. He added: "Unfortunately, caught in the crossfire is our own Royal Family, at a time, actually, when we should be doing everything we can to boost their position in time for the Coronation." Since Spare was released on January 10, Prince William's popularity has dropped by eight percentage points, according to polling done by Ipsos Mori. Prince Harry's ratings were down seven points. Kate, Princess of Wales' ratings also suffered, dropping seven points to Meghan's five point drop. READ MORE: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  A total of 53 percent of people polled said they felt favourable towards the Royal Family while 51 percent felt favourable towards King Charles III. However, despite their drop, the Prince and Princess of Wales continue to remain the most popular members of the Royal Family. Following the release of Spare, the Firm has kept tight-lipped on the allegations in the memoir while appearing to carry out their royal duties as normal. King Charles III will be coronated on Saturday, May 6 later this year. Although the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be invited to the ceremony, it is unclear whether they will attend. 