The Good Morning Britain presenter had been debating with co-star Ben Shephard and ITV guests about some of the claims made by Prince Harry in leaked extracts of his memoir, Spare. As she referred to one part in which the Duke of Sussex recalls how Prince William had a "bigger bedroom," Kate immediately branded him "petty" and acknowledged on the ITV show that thousands of people are struggling to pay their bills. Royal editor Chris Ship was discussing the memoir, which is set to be officially realised next week. He commented: "Funnily enough, in Spain, it's not called Spare. It's called En La Sombra. "The version that went on sale yesterday, it's called In The Shadow. "Presumably, the heir and spare thing doesn't quite translate in Spanish. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage "But again, it's the same sort of theme, isn't it? In The Shadows, the one to the side." He continued: "And even talking in the book, as we now know, he said about how William in Balmoral had the bigger bedroom. "And the double bed and he had the wardrobe with the mirrors and 'I had the shady corner.'" "That sounds so petty, though," Kate remarked, bemused by the claim. "It sounds petty," agreed Chris, before he continued: "But when you think -" "People out there are worried about paying their bills!" Kate cut in. "The idea that he was worried about the size of a wardrobe doesn't sound like the Harry that did all these wonderful things!" "And that's not unusual in families anyway..." Ben chimed. "My eldest brother had the biggest bedroom, do you know what I mean?" DON'T MISS... GMB viewers brand Prince Harry coverage 'torture' as they beg 'stop' [LATEST]EastEnders heartbreak as Lola Pearce gives update [SPOILER]Lorraine Kelly insists 'enough now' after Prince Harry's memoir leaks [VIDEO] "And you probably fought with your brother at times, as well," Chris predicted. "Yeah!" Ben replied. "And as soon as my brother had left, I moved into the big bedroom... and that's the thing, you know, it's those details..." "I didn't think when discussing Harry's book we'd be talking about a broken necklace and a dog bowl and yet here we are," Chris admitted. In part of the leaked segment of the book, Prince Harry detailed how his brother Prince William "physically attacked" him back in 2019. According to the Guardian, the pair were at Harry's home when he claimed his brother called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive", a criticism Harry described as "parrot[ing of] the press narrative". Harry alleged the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". He went on to say he landed on a dog's bowl, which injured him further. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.