  Lorraine Kelly, 63, has spoken out about her fears of being replaced as a freelancer, as her contract at ITV is up every couple of years. Speaking in a new interview, the presenter spoke about how she was formerly booted from her main role at GMTV after going on maternity leave and giving birth to her daughter Rosie.      Speaking on the How To Fail With Elizabeth Day podcast, she recalled the tough time in career after giving birth to her daughter. “That was hard,” she remembered. “That was really hard, which makes me not take anything for granted. “You know, people say ‘Oh, you've been doing this for ages’. But we do it for a long time, and never take it for granted. “Because it can just be taken away from you in a heartbeat. So you just have to make the best of it as much as you can.” READ MORE: BBC presenter - British Asians are put off walks in the countryside      She went on to describe how “humiliated” she felt after the way she was treated for taking time off to have her child, but described how she had to “take it on the chin” for the sake of her career. “There's no point getting upset about it. You just have to get on with it,” the talk show host explained, before admitting that a “large part of her” wanted to reject ITV when she got the call to come back on air. Asked if she was left feeling constantly worried over her job as a freelancer, Lorraine confirmed that the fear “never leaves her”. She added: “I’ve stopped being constantly worried about it because you know, I’m now 62… But yeah!”      “You know, contract negotiations back in the day - even now - we’re only hired on a yearly basis. “And nobody is irreplaceable,” she continued. “Absolutely nobody. I mean, we know that. “So yeah, there's always a little bit of… I mean, it used to be a lot worse when I was younger, but now I've got a lot more relaxed about it. “And I do other things as well - I think it's really important to do other stuff, whether it's writing, or podcasts or whatever you may do… I do that as well and I think it’s important to have a lot of different options. But I do love what I do.” READ MORE... Rod Stewart announces unborn baby's gender in adorable clip with Penny [NEWS] Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [NEWS] Peter Crouch and Abbey Clancy renew wedding vows [INSIGHT]      In January 1993, Lorraine helped launch GMTV by presenting a range of programmes. Her first job was presenting the new Top of the Morning and in March, when Fiona Armstrong exited the central GMTV show, she moved to present the main breakfast show with Eamonn Holmes. Lorraine went on maternity leave in June of the following year and has described how she was sacked shortly afterwards from the main presenting roles. Express.co.uk contacted ITV for comment at the time.      The star returned in November, 1994 to do a mother and baby slot, which thankfully led her to become presenter of Nine O'Clock Live. The show was so popular that it was moved to the earlier 08.35 slot, which was retitled Lorraine Live. The podcast How To Fail With Elizabeth Day is available now on multiple streaming platforms. Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV.   