David Metcalfe (played by Matthew Wolfenden) hasn’t had the easiest year with his business suffering and his relationship with Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins) over. Things take a turn for the worse for the Emmerdale villager when he learns Priya (Fiona Wade) is planning to leave with their daughter Amba. In upcoming scenes, when a veil catches alight a Take A Vow’s event, Priya becomes helpless with fear. Luckily, she is saved when Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) quickly puts it out, however she fails to understand why it’s so traumatic for Priya. Fraught with worry, Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) searches for his sister and doctor Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) steps in to help. At Holdgate, Manpreet and Jai try to comfort a distraught Priya as she relives her trauma. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ Meanwhile, back at the salon, Leyla is surprised when a client, Justin, offers her a job in London with his team. The next day, Leyla is on edge when Priya returns to work and she realises she needs to make a decision about Justin’s job offer. She tries to speak to her son Jacob (Joe-Warren Plant) but he plays it cool and acts like he doesn’t care. As Leyla wrestles with the decision, Priya bumps into Justin in the village and explains why she panicked at the Take A Vow event. Impressed with her honesty, Justin invites Priya for coffee to discuss business further. Eventually, Leyla decides to accept the London job but her face drops when she learns Priya was offered the job too. Priya defends herself, explaining she didn’t know Leyla was competing for the same tole. But Leyla insists Priya is trying to sabotage her plans to move on from her recent drug addiction. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'expose' Caleb's criminal past after spotting clue [THEORY]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Gabby Thomas 'falls pregnant' [SPOILER]Emmerdale's Bernice Blackstock makes enemy of resident after snub [LATEST] Meanwhile, David is shaken when he hears of Priya’s plan to leave the village and take Amba with her. Priya’s world then falls apart when Amba goes missing and she realises David has kidnapped the youngster. Jacob begs Priya not to call the police as he’s aware his dad is already in a lot of trouble. And, feeling guilty about snapping at Priya, Leyla decides to try and convince David to hand over Amba. She heads to an unknown cottage where David is hiding out with Amba and Theo, with the businessman shocked to see her. David refuses to see sense and is in denial as Leyla accuses him of running away from his problems. It’s clear he is past the point of no return as he locks Leyla in the bathroom before she can call the police. Back in the village, Priya makes a call to the police as she panics about Amba’s safety. Just how far has David gone and will he regret his actions when Priya leaves with Amba? Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm.