Natalie Bright is a content creator who shares her fashion, beauty, and lifestyle tips with her audience of 52.2K followers on her TikTok account @bynataliebright. The 40-year-old revealed her "secret" to how to look younger after her fans were demanding she shared. She posted the video "makeup tips to look 10 years younger over 40". Natalie said: "So, you've been asking me for my secret and as you can see without makeup I look my age. My secret is that I wear a lot of makeup." The content creator's number one product to help her make her face look luminous and fresh is concealer. Natalie said: "So concealer is your best friend. Choose a lighter shade and place it very strategically where your skin is sagging and folding. It will brighten up the area and add value back to it." Natalie adds concealer with a small brush around her nose and along her nasolabial folds. She also buffs the product under her eyes and beside her chin where Marionette lines tend to form. The content creator then sets the concealer with a powder, patting it over her face and saying: "Always powder the T-zone." Powder helps to look base products in place, making the finish flawless and the overall makeup look last longer. READ MORE: Kate, Princess of Wales' subtle makeup change that makes her ‘look fresh-faced’  To boost the look of youthfulness, Natalie adds lots of colour to her face, patting a liquid bronzer across her cheeks and on the bridge of her nose. She said: "As we get older we also lose colour in our faces. So, add warmth to your complexion." Finally, in her last piece of advice, Natalie said: "Over-line your lips like crazy." She used the Charlotte Tilbury Pillow Talk Medium Lip Liner The video has had over 170K views on the app and fans heaped praise on the fashion and makeup expert. One thankful fan wrote: "You are real af for this, great tutorial!" Junaida added, "I adore you for being transparent with our age!" while Ji added, "You look great! I always appreciate the transparency and realness in your content!" User S. Khanal wrote: "This was so honest and great. Thank you, from a fellow 40-year-old." DON'T MISS'Brighten' troublesome skin under the eyes using 'light' makeup tip [BEAUTY]'Best anti-ageing treatment' for dry and mature skin [EXPERT] I cleaned my makeup brushes in the washing machine [REVIEW] Beauty expert and MUA Pauline Briscoe previously told Express the three essential items every woman over 50 should have in her makeup bag. Pauline, who has worked in makeup for 50 years with the likes of Vogue and Glamour. She claimed everyone woman over 50 needs the perfect tinted SP4 moisturiser or foundation with UV protection. Pauline said: "A hybrid moisturiser/foundation is perfect for older skin as it provides natural flawless coverage, hydrates and protects from UV damage."