Over the years, Harvey (played by Will Mellor) has unleashed terror on the residents of Weatherfield over the last couple of years. His recent crimes left Sam (Jude Riordan) without a mother and mute for many months. However, he's been slowly worming his way back into the lives of the residents. Coronation Street boss Iain McLeod has teased Harvey could be back for an epic showdown with his brother Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths), who recently stormed onto the cobbles. Harvey first appeared on the ITV soap back in 2021 as the drug lord who forced Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) to deal for him. Later that year, he escaped from prison and returned to Weatherfield, intent on killing Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) for being the one to send him to prison in the first place. Unfortunately, he fatally shot Natasha (Rachel Leskovac) in a case of mistaken identity and was sentenced to life imprisonment. Harvey's recent appearance saw him take part in the restorative justice programme after Sam wanted answers as to why his mother was killed. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' During those visits, he learned Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) was struggling to buy Debbie Webster’s (Sue Devaney) share of the Bistro, and offered him a loan. The decision to accept the drug lord's loan has come back to haunt Nick in the form of Harvey's criminal brother Damon, who revealed the money for the loan was actually his. Since his arrival, Damon has manipulated Nick into giving him a share of the restaurant and is now using it as a front for drug deliveries. Many fans have called for Harvey to somehow make another appearance which writer Iain McLeod is also keen for. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Iain admitted he would "love" to have a showdown between the two brothers who are "blood enemies." He explained: "Harvey, you know, I don't think his status as a legendary hard man has been too diminished by putting on a sparkly shirt on a Saturday night," referring to Will's stint on Strictly Come Dancing. "I would love to think at some point in the future that we can revisit and obviously, it's tricky when fictional characters are in jail. "How do you import their influence into your show when they're actually over there somewhere? But we've overcome more difficult hurdles than that in the past. DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Linda Bassett's age explained as she takes Call the Midwife spotlight [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after row [WATCH] "I'd love to think at some point, we can get Harvey out on the street and stick him in a room with Damon who, by the time Harvey were to get out, Damon and Harvey would be absolute blood enemies." Will also stated he would love for Harvey to return to the cobbles but would want the storyline to be "real". In an interview with TV Times last year, he said: "I don’t want Harvey to suddenly miraculously get out of prison and be running the Rover’s Return. “What I want is for Harvey to be real, and for a message to be sent out that these people are out there, that people are being groomed and these people don’t care about you or your families or who they hurt, if they can run their business through kids, they will. “So let’s keep that serious message out there, and also just be real and true to the character. "It’s an important message and we don’t want to weaken that.” If Harvey does make another appearance in Weatherfield, could he have turned into an informant gathering evidence on his brother? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.