NBA icon LeBron James believes son Bronny will be able to get into any college to play basketball so long as the Los Angeles Lakers star ‘picks up the phone’. James has made no secret of his desire to contest an NBA game either alongside or against his son if and when the 18-year-old enters the league. James has long held interest in playing alongside his son, who could be drafted by an NBA team as early as the 2024/25 season. The four-time NBA champion has publicly declared the prospect of playing in the league with Bronny as a goal of his before James finally walks away from basketball. Bronny is nearing the end of his recruitment tour and the high school senior has reportedly narrowed his sights on three teams: Ohio State, USC, and Oregon. USC - the University of Southern California - and Oregon are out on the west coast where James lives as he plays for the Lakers, while the Buckeyes are near to where James grew up. James is a passionate supporter of Ohio State, but Bronny attends Sierra Canyon which is around 30 miles from the USC campus. The three teams are Bronny’s reported finalists after the he confirmed his interest in them, but not each of them have sent him an offer - but James is not stressed about that. READ MORE: NFL legend issues apology after scuffle at Los Angeles Lakers game “I think Bronny can go to any college he wants to,” James told Bill Oram of The Oregonian on Sunday night. “All I have to do is pick up the phone. If Bronny says he wants to go there, he’s good enough.” Oregon are on his list, but the Ducks are yet to formally extend Bronny a scholarship offer. Ohio State did so last September to try and secure the sought-after top 30 player in the class of 2023. James also heaped praise on Oregon head coach Dana Altman as the pair have a relationship through Nike. The four-time MVP suggested Altman was a key reason for why his son listed the school as one of his final options. DON'T MISSNFL legend and Ja Morant's dad in heated NBA courtside altercationSimmons doesn't want to 'rely' on Durant or Irving at Brooklyn NetsAnthony Davis receives injury update amid Los Angeles Lakers struggles “I think it's the ability to put pros into the league,” James said when asked to give a reason. “My son wants to be a pro. It's the way you hold guys accountable, the way they play. “I guess he's seen the way they play. Dana Altman from the outside looks like a great coach. He's been winning for quite a while here at Oregon, so Bronny's smart enough to see all that." Bronny’s close friend, Mookie Cook, is a member of the Ducks’ 2023 recruiting class and is a five-star prospect. James suggested he was another reason, adding: “Mookie is going there (Oregon), and they've been talking.”