Maya Jama, 28, made her Love Island debut this week on the show's winter edition, taking over from Laura Whitmore. The ITV presenter has dished the dirt on her own romantic life, sharing her secrets about how she makes the first move. Maya is currently single, with her latest known public relationship being with Australian basketball ace Ben Simmons. In a recent interview, promoting her latest ITV venture Maya was asked about her own romantic life and how she dates. British Vogue asked Maya if she ever made the first move to which she replied that she "always" does to the surprise of the interviewee. Maya continued: "No, not always, but if I like someone, I tell them. I’m not gonna hide my feelings, I’ll make it obvious. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss "I’ve got this silly quote that I live by: if you love someone, tell them, because hearts are often left broken with words left unspoken. "It just cuts out the rubbish bit if you’re like, 'I like you'. "If they like you too, you get it moving, if they don’t like you, you stop wasting your time." Maya ended things with Ben in August last year after reports began circulating that Maya had called off their engagement due to their conflicting work schedules. The former couple started dating in May 2021 and went public in July with their romance when they were pictured kissing in the stands at Wimbledon. They were believed to have split their time between Los Angeles and London, with Ben secretly proposing to Maya during the 2021 festive period. Maya's most high-profile relationship was with rapper Stormzy who she started dating in 2015. Their relationship appeared to be going from strength to strength, but it was announced in August 2019 that they had gone their separate ways. DON'T MISS... Dame Laura Kenny announces baby news with beau Jason Kenny [NEWS] Anne Hegerty 'thinks of a few' to replace Bradley Walsh on The Chase [COMMENT] David Duchovny makes rare appearance with young girlfriend Monique [PICS] A lot of Stormzy's third album, titled This Is What I Mean, is inspired by his split from Maya. Rumours about the couple's reconciliation have been rife in recent months after they were spotted getting cosy at the GQ Men of the Year Awards. Maya has since shut down the rumours, claiming she and her ex are not back together but remain close friends. In her interview with The Sunday Times, Maya opened up about her relationship with Stormzy. She said: "We were so young when we met, just beginning our careers. I don't think either of us knew it was going to be such a big thing." In an interview with Cosmopolitan, she said: "When I was 16 I went through a lot. My boyfriend passed, and it gave me a fearless approach to things. I felt like life was really short." She continued: "Out of everything that [has] happened in my life, that was a reality check on a massive scale. At 16 you think the world is a fairytale and it took me out of that. It made me even more determined."