Wrexham co-chairman Rob McElhenney was previously reduced to tears when he was serenaded by fans in a pub less than two years after taking joint charge of the Welsh outfit alongside fellow US actor Ryan Reynolds. The pair took over the club back in 2020 and have since emerged as hugely popular figures in Wrexham, with the Red Dragons developing on an upward trajectory under their guidance. Fans have made no secret of their admiration for McElhenney and Reynolds since their arrival on Welsh shores and the former was left in tears when he was treated to a rendition of a song about him in a pub last year. The 45-year-old joined supporters to watch Wrexham-supporting band The Declan Swans perform their tune, named It's Always Sunny in Wrexham, and could not prevent an inevitable emotional reaction as he wiped away tears while smiling.The track in question was heavily featured in the popular FX docuseries Welcome to Wrexham and caused McElhenney to well up as he took in the special moment of having his name immortalised in song. The vast majority of people inside the pub were singing along to The Declan Swans' performance in a heartwarming show of support for their club's American co-owners, who are wildly passionate about their ongoing project in north Wales.As the band sing the line ‘No one's spent as much as a penny, bring on the Deadpool and Rob McElhenney’, the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia star is seen wiping his eyes while perched against a sofa with a beaming smile on his face. McElhenney later poked fun at himself on Twitter by claiming: "It was dusty in that Pub!" JUST IN: Pep Guardiola's verdict on Mikel Arteta amid Richard Keys criticism Reynolds and McElhenney's time as owners has been something of a fairy tale thus far despite Wrexham having failed to gain promotion to the EFL under their stewardship as of yet. They are currently three points clear at the top of the National League table, though, which suggests that it could finally be their year as they look to return to League Two for the first time since 2008.Wrexham director Humphrey Ker previously revealed that Reynolds and McElhenney chose to get involved with the club thanks to the Football Manager game, which was used to assess several possible investment options before the Welsh outfit emerged as the standout candidates.Ker explained: "I had nothing else to do so I went on Wikipedia and Football Manager, literally Football Manager, as we know has an incredible database it would be hard to find elsewhere. I picked out eight to 10 clubs in the National League, National League North and South, and League Two. "I think I've named some of them. Hartlepool was looked at vaguely, Macclesfield was talked about. A few we talked about that we knew were in trouble. We knew from the jump we wanted to find somewhere that needed a helping hand or needed a stroke of luck."Some of the ones I looked at initially we struck off because they were in the outskirts of London and Manchester or somewhere we thought there was plenty of opportunity anyway. Wrexham very quickly became top dog through a variety of fans, which sounds like a very pat answer but it's true."The season before we came involved, they were averaging 4,500 a week at the Racecourse when they were 19th in the National League. Unbelievable number of people, and that told you they were the definition of a sleeping giant, a fallen great of the game." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.