Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he has spoken to the current Reds owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) over a potential takeover of the club. The club has been rumoured to be involved in discussions regarding new ownership, or a partial investment at a time where there have been calls to improve the squad in the transfer market. When asked in his pre-Wolves press conference if he had spoken to the current owners about a potential sale, Klopp responded: "Yes [I have been speaking to the owners]," Klopp said. "But nothing for you actually. Nothing." There have been recent links to Qatar and the Middle East as FSG are thought to be open to offers of £4billion for the club, though reports have suggested that a partial sale of Liverpool remains the current ownership's priority. Qatar are reportedly interested in buying Liverpool, as journalist Mohammed Saeed Alkaabi claims FSG have given the Arab country 'priority' in the battle to buy Liverpool, and they are 'seriously interested' in a takeover. John W. Henry and co are set to make a mammoth profit from the £300m fee they paid to take over in October 2010, using the £4.25bn a consortium led by Todd Boehly paid for Chelsea last year as a guideline for a potential majority sale. There have been calls for FSG to sell the club as fans have asked for more recruitment in the transfer window. Cody Gakpo was signed this month from PSV, but Klopp doubled down on his previous stance that more transfers are unlikely in January.   "Yes, we have to strengthen. Is this the right moment to do it? I can't see it," Klopp added. "If solutions for us were outside and doable of course we would bring in players to help but we have an existing squad as well and we're under-performing. We are not stubborn - we look outside as well - it's not that we think we will just be with these boys until 2050. It's always about what we can do." Ahead of the FA Cup third round replay with Wolves, Klopp also provided an update on Darwin Nunez after the Uruguayan striker missed Saturday's 3-0 defeat to Brighton. Klopp confirmed that the 23-year-old is "very close" to returning but did not confirm whether he would feature at Molineux on Tuesday. "Progress with all," Klopp added when asked for an injury update. "Darwin is very close but it's Monday and tomorrow is the game. [James] Milner and [Stefan] Bajcetic trained. That's it." 