Warwick Davis, 52, and his wife Samantha Davis, 51, welcomed their first son Lloyd in 1991, who inherited dwarfism from both his parents which resulted in complications and the couple's first born died nine days later. The Harry Potter star recently opened up about the family loss, admitting "you never get over it". The Tenable host addressed coming to terms with losing a child in a new interview. The Star Trek actor said that he would not wish the "devastating" experience on anyone. He told People: "I think it brings you closer together, or something like that, but it's an experience I wouldn't wish on anyone, it's devastating. "You do learn to live with it, eventually, over time, you're able to better understand why it happened and can come to terms with it a bit more, but you never get over it." READ MORE: Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears Warwick added: "I think the losses shaped our family dynamic, we love Annabelle and Harrison all that more because they're here with us." Before their two children were born, the couple tragically lost two sons. Their first son, Lloyd, was born in 1991, with both of his parents' conditions. Sadly, his lungs were too small to support normal function and he died at just nine days old.  They also lost another son, George, when Samantha was 19 weeks pregnant and suffered two miscarriages before welcoming Annabelle and Harrison. "We'll always remember what happened with George and Lloyd. We'll always be grateful that we had them for the short time that we did," Warwick added to the same publication. The ITV favourite previously said the tragedies made him and Samantha stronger as a couple. Speaking on Bear Grylls' television show Bear's Mission in 2018, he said: "Prior to Annabelle and Harrison we had a baby boy, Lloyd, who inherited both our conditions… and that is something that proves fatal. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell's ex Sinitta 'freaked out' over claims star had 'died'[LATEST]Victoria Beckham says ‘nothing ever came easy' to her[ADMISSION]Blake Lively creates stylish DIY outfit amid pregnancy struggles[PICTURES] "It's something that a baby won't survive. But Lloyd he survived for nine days, but yeah he was beautiful… but it was a tough time. And yeah, we had a stillborn too." Warwick was born with a rare condition called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), a rare disorder of bone growth that results in dwarfism. His wife Samantha has achondroplasia, a bone growth disorder that causes disproportionate dwarfism. Their children Annabelle and Harrison have inherited their father's condition and are both aspiring actors, having appeared in Harry Potter. Warwick and Samantha met when the latter was an extra on the set of his film Willow in 1988. The married couple dated for four years before they decided to tie the knot. The pair got married in June 1991 in front of their friends and family. For help with the loss of a child contact Cruse Bereavement Care on 0808 808 1677, helpline@cruse.org.uk or info@cruse.org.uk, or www.cruse.org.uk.