A man has admitted throwing an egg at King Charles during a royal walkabout. Harry May, 21, pleaded guilty at Westminster Magistrates’ Court to throwing an egg towards the King during His Majesty's visit to Luton in December.  An egg was thrown at the King as he visited the town northwest of London on December 6. Police confirmed at the time that a man in his 20s had been arrested in St George’s Square and was in custody for questioning. Prosecutor Jason Seetal told the court today that police detained May after seeing him hurl a projectile towards the monarch which landed on the floor nearby as the King spoke with members of the public. Mr Seetal said when officers interviewed him, he told them "he did this because he believed the King visiting a town like Luton, which is a deprived and poor area, was in bad taste and he wanted to make a point of this".    Charles was in Luton to visit its newly-built Guru Nanak Gurdwara and town hall when May hurled the projectile in his direction as a large crowd flocked to greet him, the court heard. The egg, which May said was not intended to hit the monarch, landed on the ground nearby as members of King Charles's security ushered him away. Mr Seetal said police officers who detained May found a soup tin in his jacket containing a second egg, which he also planned to throw. The prosecutor told the court: "There had been a large crowd of members of the public there to greet King Charles III. As he exited a vehicle, he's gone to greet members of the public, shaking hands and having a few brief conversations as he moved along the line. Within that crowd that had gone to greet him was Harry May." READ ABOUT PRINCE HARRY'S BODY LANGUAGE SHOWING INNER CONFLICT    May was later confronted by a police officer who asked what he had thrown, to which he replied: "An egg." He sat in the dock wearing glasses and a navy jacket as his defence lawyer, Alex Benn, told the court he "deeply regrets" his actions. Mx Benn described May as a "committed and family-oriented person" who dedicates his time to caring for his elderly grandfather and sister. He said: "He cares deeply about his local community, especially the poverty that exists in certain areas of Luton. That is some context and some explanation." DON'T MISS: Wallis and Edward foreshadowing Meghan and Harry's fate [REPORT] Kate Middleton claims ‘therapy doesn't work for all' [REVEALED] Air New Zealand brutally mocks Harry and Meghan [LATEST]  Addressing May, Chief Magistrate Paul Goldspring said: "Whatever disagreement you have with somebody, the way to resolve it is not to throw projectiles at them." Mr Goldspring rejected a claim from May's mother that he "was not really aware" that hurling an object in the direction of a public figure may cause them "fear". But he added: "She does go on, and I accept, that you expressed your regret at home. I also accept you weren't trying to hit His Majesty with the egg. But you planned it and you planned to do it again otherwise why take two? You targeted somebody. It doesn't matter the reasons why." May, of Moreton Road, Luton, was fined £100 and ordered to pay £85 in costs.  The incident in the Bedfordshire town came at a time when the Royal Family was bracing itself for the release of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix documentary series.   Since then the six-parter has aired and Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, has officially gone on sale, becoming the fastest selling non-fiction work. Publisher, Penguin Random House, announced on Wednesday that first-day sales topped 1.4 million copies. Members of the Royal Family appeared in public for the first time on Thursday (January 12) after the book's publication. Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales, appeared relaxed as they arrived at Royal Liverpool University Hospital. They were confronted by a man outside the media area who appeared to say: "Do you ever plan to comment on Harry’s book, sir?" The Waleses ignored the question and carried on, touring a critical care ward, meeting nurses and posing for selfies with staff. However, an elderly woman who had an appointment at the hospital stood against a barrier waiting to talk to the future King and when he stopped she grasped his hand. The 81-year-old, who only gave her first name Sylvia, said: "Keep going Will, scousers love you." William replied: "I will do".    Hospital staff member Nikki Langley was left overjoyed when a smiling William posed for a selfie with her and three colleagues, the five all crowding into the image. A few minutes later she asked Kate for a picture and the princess joked: "I'm going to be told off by William." She then posed with Ms Langley, who said afterwards: "It was a nice surprise, a very nice surprise. I wasn't surprised they stopped for a selfie."  On the same day, King Charles travelled to Scotland to meet local groups helping to tackle rural isolation. After Scotland The Brave rang out on the bagpipes, the King toured the Mid-Deeside Community Shed, near Aboyne in Aberdeenshire.He also watched craft skills, including wood and stone carving, in action.  Spare includes a series of revelations and accusations as Harry recounts his grief at the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, a fight with his brother and his unease at being in the shadow of his elder sibling, the first in line to the throne. 