Prince Harry has embarrassingly revealed he was suffering from a frostbitten penis while best man at Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding. The Duke of Sussex was the best man for his older brother's big day to the Princess of Wales on April 29, 2011. But in another stunning revelation from his tell-all book, Spare, the prince said his "todger" was frostbitten following a 200-mile expedition in the Arctic just weeks earlier. The trip, which saw him joined by four ex-servicemen who were badly wounded in the war in Afghanistan, raised £2million for Walking with the Wounded. But in his book, Harry explains that while he was standing by William's side during the wedding, he was still still recovering from the painful after-effects of his epic expedition. Describing the after-effects of the expedition on his body, Harry writes, according to US website Page Six: "Pa was very interested, and sympathetic about the discomfort of my frost nipped ears and cheeks. "While the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn’t. It was becoming more of an issue by the day." Following the William and Kate's wedding, Harry writes in the book that he went to the doctor after using Elizabeth Arden cream, according to the report from Page Six. Elsewhere in the memoir, the Duke of Sussex also reveals that he was circumcised as a baby, despite numerous reports claiming that he wasn’t. The prince writes how the question of whether he and William were circumcised "was a matter of public record, and indeed some public curiosity". READ MORE: Prince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed  He insisted the odds of getting frostbite were lower as a result of the procedure. Sensational extracts from the duke's memoir have leaked after the book accidentally went on sale early throughout Spain on Thursday - five days before the official date of publication. One bombshell claim sees Harry allege his older brother William physically attacked him in 2019 following a disagreement over wife Meghan Markle. The accusation will cast further dark clouds over their once-close relationship, which has come under widespread scrutiny over recent months. DON'T MISSHarry claims William was 'plotting revenge' after fishing fight [COMMENTS]William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' [REPORT]Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit [REACTION]  The release of book follows Harry and Meghan's controversial Netflix documentary series, which premiered on the streaming giant's platform last month. It will also come nearly three years after the Megxit crisis in early 2020 and almost two years after the Sussexes' bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. Harry has filmed three television interviews in the lead up to his book's release: one with ITV's Tom Bradby, which will air on Sunday at 9pm; one with CBS News's Anderson Cooper, which is out on Sunday evening in the US; and a Good Morning America interview due to be broadcast on Monday morning. In a clip released on Thursday, ITV News At Ten presenter Mr Bradby challenges the duke on "invading the privacy of your most nearest and dearest without permission". Harry replies: "That would be the accusation from the people that don't understand or don't want to believe that my family have been briefing the press." Mr Bradby says: "Wouldn't your brother say to you, 'Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?' Wouldn't that be what he would say?" The Duke of Sussex responds: "He would probably say all sorts of different things." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10t.