Travellers described scenes of chaos on Wednesday after a national power outage grounded hundreds of flights across the US. Normal service is beginning to resume after the US Federal Aviation Administration suffered a catastrophic system error. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jody Evans - whose daughter-in-law Staci was flying from Atlanta to Arizona - described the moment mayhem struck. Ms Evans had just dropped off Staci at the airport. She said: "Im so upset! I just left my daughter-in-law at the Atlanta airport." The flight was scheduled to leave from Tucson International Airport at 6.15am when delays were announced. In a series of texts, Staci, said: "We were literally all on the plane and they had to kick us off." READ MORE: Jill Biden joined by POTUS as she sets off to for surgery to remove lesion on face "People are getting annoying (which is fair) and it's getting super crowded because of the people on the next flights having arrived. "So it's getting crowded at this point." Jess Yangs, from Austin, Texas, also braced for the worst. She was on board a domestic flight about to take off when the news hit. Ms Yangs told Express.co.uk: "They're taking us back to the gate right now. Might be waiting for another 90 minutes just to see what happens and it's going to be so chaotic at the airport. "People are everywhere! it looks like they've given new times to depart. will give you the next update." In a further update, Ms Yangs said: "Charts show wrong. everything is delayed and on pause." DON'T MISSAll flights 'grounded across US' after system failure [LATEST]Bolsonaro flees to Florida 48 hours before term ends [REPORT]Woman’s haunting last text to mum begged [INSIGHT] Another Twitter user, named Tim (@Tim25224239) told Express.co.uk: "We were literally minutes away from flying .. when they kept postponing the departure time.. 30 minutes turn into one hour, one hour turns into three hours; and then finally, after four hours on the airplane, they finally told us that the government canceled all flights." The user was on an LAX flight scheduled for Japan. Normal air traffic operations are resuming gradually in the US after hours of delays, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) says. Chaos struck as a system failure caused at least 1,162 flights within, into or out of the US to be delayed and 94 were cancelled in what has been dubbed an "unprecedented" event. The FAA said in a statement on Wednesday afternoon: "Normal air traffic operations are resuming gradually across the US following an overnight outage to the Notice to Air Missions system that provides safety info to flight crews. The ground stop has been lifted. We continue to look into the cause of the initial problem." According to President Biden, US officials are investigating the cause of the FAA outage. "I just spoke with [Transportation Secretary Pete] Buttigieg. They don't know what the cause is. I was on the phone about 10 minutes, I told him to report directly to me when they find out," President Biden told reporters before departing with first lady Jill Biden to Walter Reed National Medical Center for her scheduled outpatient procedure. "We don't know what the cause of it is," he added. READ MORE: White House denies 'cyber attack' as probe launched into ongoing US flight chaos The president said it could be "a couple hours" before the cause is known and that "we'll respond at that time." Earlier, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said the president has ordered a full investigation to determine what happened. "The President has been briefed by the Secretary of Transportation this morning on the FAA system outage. There is no evidence of a cyberattack at this point," she said.