Lewis Hamilton has already suggested the best way to determine who is quicker between him and Max Verstappen. The seven-time champion previously claimed getting the pair in identical cars would be the only way to end the debate. However, the Mercedes star hinted the move could have “potential negatives” if he lost out to the Dutchman. Speaking in 2019, Hamilton said: “I see positives and potential negatives. In some ways it would work well for me. “I see stories that we have different cars and that is the only way [I beat him], so that would give me the opportunity to show that is not the case.” Hamilton and Verstappen were embroiled in a dramatic title showdown in 2021 with the Drivers’ Championship decided on the very last lap of the final race. The Briton looked on course to clinch his eighth crown before a late race safety car allowed Verstappen to pass in the dying stages. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton takes swipe at F1 managers and throws weight behind dad The battle sparked a rise in interest in the sport in anticipation of a similar duel last season. However, calls for a battle with equal machinery are more relevant this season after Mercedes' nightmare campaign. The Silver Arrows suffered from proposing issues early on and then lacked pace to Red Bull in a blow to Hamilton’s title hopes. Instead, 25-year-old Verstappen cruised to his second crown with a record-breaking 15 race wins. A possible Mercedes-Verstappen link-up may not be off the cards with team boss Toto Wolff previously hinting he would be tempted to make a move for the F1 sensation. Back in 2020, the Austrian explained: “I would be surprised if both of these young drivers have committed to their teams for five years and closed the door to everywhere else. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton highlights major F1 problem ahead of new season [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton gives unexpected 'greatest F1 year' verdict [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton contract latest - Could F1 superstar quit in 2023 [ANALYSIS] “Contracts are often more complex than the media portrays. As long as we have a fast car, because this is our first priority, we will always have a situation where we can choose who drives it.” But, Verstappen has since signed a contract extension to keep him at Red Bull until 2028. Hamilton is expected to put pen to paper on a multi-year extension at the German marque but is unlikely to remain in F1 until the end of Verstappen’s deal.