Haiti police have launched riots in the capital Port-Au-Prince on Thursday after 14 officers were killed by criminal gangs. The government are being blamed by the officers for not taking action against gangs who are more armed than the police. In an escalation of tensions, it is reported that a number of officers stormed through the gates of Prime Minister Ariel Henry’s official residence. It is reported that officers who are thought to be part of the Haitian National Police smashed car windows and shot guns into the courtyard. They did not enter the building itself, according to an employee in the Prime Minister’s office. The Prime Minister and his chief of staff were not present, which meant that security was lowered. However, the incident comes just 18 months after President Jovenel Moïse was fatally shot in his home. The country’s international airport in the capital was also under attack as officers attempted to gain entry. According to The Washington Post, protesters and some officers in uniform broke a window at Toussaint Louverture International Airport and vandalised an entryway. The country has been plagued by increased violence and failing security conditions as armed gangs target the police. READ MORE: Trump will 'likely' win GOP primary but 'lose badly' in 2024 Around 14 police officers have been killed by gangs since the beginning of the year with seven killed in a gun fight on Wednesday. Since 2021 when Mr Henry came to power, 78 police officers have been killed, said Haitian human rights group The National Network of the Defence of Human Rights. The group added that armed gangs terrorise and control at least 60 percent of Port-Au-Prince and its suburbs along with the roads in and out of the city. It has been reported that the protestors moved on to the airport when they found the PM’s residence empty. DON'T MISS:Zahawi tax scandal sees Tories fall to 21 points behind Labour (POLL)A woke Labour Government would change UK in ways we can’t imagine (INSIGHT)Sajid Javid’s plans to charge NHS patients slammed by readers (REVEAL) Mr Henry’s plane had just landed in Port-au-Prince when returning from a summit in Argentina. According to Haiti’s Radio Tele Metronome, the Prime Minister was able to escape the airport. The UN envoy to Haiti, Helen La Lime said on Wednesday: "The situation in Haiti is grave. "You know that gang-driven violence has reached new heights. On average, we face on kidnapping every six hours in 2022."