Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Traces of some unfinished discussions remain. These can be concluded if others are willing to reach an agreement with regard to these matters. If someone refuses to talk you may have to make decisions without their input. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Once you get bills up to date you might enjoy a short spell when you won’t have to give so much thought to financial matters. If this seems like an impossible dream, consult a money management expert who has experience helping people in your situation. Gemini (May22/June21) Gossip fills the air. As well as being intrigued by what you hear, you will want to find out more. A talk with a neighbour who never seems to miss a thing will give you all the information you need. Cancer (June22/July23) It is going to take time to achieve some of the goals you are setting for yourself now. You’re aware of the hard work that’s ahead and you know too that it will be worth it in the end. Leo (July24/Aug23) A family disagreement will turn out to be a storm in a teacup so don’t waste time worrying about it. Put your mind, instead, to work, career or study assignments. Accepting the chance to teach or enrol on a training scheme could be a stepping stone to future job success. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You have plenty to do but it shouldn’t all be about work and responsibility. Mix in some family activities, socialise and think about ways to add some fun to your days. Spending time with a housemate will avert emotional tension in the home on Wednesday.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Get to know someone you have just met better before bringing them home to meet your family. There’s nothing worse than having people think there is more to a relationship than there actually is. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Trusting a friend or colleague to take care of your possessions could be a wrong decision. Someone could lose something that is important to you. Even if it looks as if a group project is going to proceed with ease, don’t drop your guard. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Events early on will seem like an intense replay of some recent happenings. You might wonder why you have to go through it all again. This time around, it will all finish on a much happier note and you are unlikely to see another repeat, much to your relief. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Someone who has your best interests at heart will give some good advice. Whether a tip concerns your job or finances, don’t dismiss this as being unnecessary. You won’t be sorry if you follow their sensible suggestions. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Some luck, early in the week, will be in connection with your career. Joining forces with a talented friend will help you get the job you have been hoping for. Be prepared to make many phone calls before a question regarding an unexpectedly large bill is resolved.