Dancing with the Stars professionals Jenna Johnson and Val Chmerkovskiy got hitched in 2019 and have endeared themselves to fans with the off-screen romance. After confirming they were expecting their first child back in July 2022, the duo have now taken to Instagram to announce the arrival of their firstborn with a heartwarming snap. Jenna shared the news with her 840k followers on January 11 and was quickly inundated with congratulatory messages. Taking to Instagram with a touching photo of their hands together, the caption read: “Our world is forever changed 1.10.2023.” The black and white photo moved fans, as thousands of them took to her her comments. User @debbie_schwartz wrote: “Ohhh! So happy for you all! You’re going to be amazing parents!” READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down  While @_brenda.garcia added: “Congratulations to my favourite dancing with the stars family. You are going to make the best parents!” A third follower @janayafrench praised: “OMGGGGG yes!!! Congratulations to you both! Welcome to the world little guy, sending love!”  Among her fans, there were also a number of famous faces in the comments celebrating the announcement.    This included presenter Cat Deeley who commented: “Congratulations my beauty! What wonderful news. Sending love.” Professional dancer Derek Hough added: “Wowza !!!!! This is perfect! So happy for you all. A new beautiful family begins.” (sic) Although the new parents have yet to unveil the son’s name, Jenna revealed he was born on Tuesday. This heartwarming addition to the family thrilled fans, as the couple first met on Dancing With the Stars back in 2014. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Dancing with the Stars suffers another major exit after Len farewell [INSIGHT]Bruno Tonioli cries as Len Goodman shares Dancing with the Stars exit [INSIGHT]    Ahead of the newborn’s arrival, Jenna opened up about potential baby names and shared: “We actually have had a boy and a girl name picked out for three years now.” She added: “Val actually picked out the name for our boy, so we have it," but maintained it could change once the baby was actually born. “I'm a visual person for sure, and so I have this weird thing where I don't want to be 100 percent set on it, even though we both love it. “I really want to see him first before we make that decision."  Speaking to People.com, Jenna continued: “So far we have one that I'm pretty set on, so who knows, it might switch the day of.” Although Gabby Windey and Val were placed in second place in Dancing with the Stars 2022, she will be joining the tour without him. The pair had an incredible run on the show, impressing both fans and judges every week but with the arrival of his son, Val will be at home with his family. 