Eagle-eyed fans of the popular AMC show The Walking Dead have seemingly noticed a flaw in Eugene’s craftsmanship to kill Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). Some fans noticed Rosita (Christian Serratos), who Eugene finally made a bullet she requested several episodes ago, picked up a cartridge fired from a desert eagle firearm and noticed the wrong bullet had been made to fit the weapon. One observant fan noted: “The firearm can only receive a .357 Magnum, .44 Magnum, or .50 AE as those are the only chambers that the desert eagle is made in. “She then asks Eugene to make her a bullet. In the following episode he does and she uses that bullet to fire a pot shot at Negan,” the eagle-eyed viewer submitted on Movie Mistakes. They continued: “But the casing that she picked up would not fit the 9mm Beretta she uses, nor could it be modified to do so.” In the end, Rosita’s cheap shot at Negan only resulted in causing damage to his beloved bat, Lucille. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton admits she ‘lives life how I want’ It just so happened that Negan had positioned the bat in front of his face when Rosita fired her shot. The murderous Saviour leader didn’t take too kindly to the attempt on his life and Rosita and the rest of Alexandria continued to feel his wrath. However, TWD fans will be all too aware that Negan was eventually captured by Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) after they managed to dismantle the callous and ruthless group. Over the years and later seasons of The Walking Dead, Negan’s arc took him from the villainous leader Rosita wanted dead to an integral part of the survivors’ community. Sadly, The Walking Dead aired its final episode in November 2022. The series had a major run with 177 episodes across 11 seasons which aired over 12 years on AMC. However, there’s no losing hope as AMC gears up for a brand new spin-off of the show. The Walking Dead: Dead City’s synopsis for AMC’s forthcoming horror drama spin-off has been revealed and it gives fans a more detailed idea of the premise of Maggie (Lauren Cohan) and Negan’s dangerous mission in New York. The synopsis also confirms that Dead City is set to take place years after the original series finale. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Fatima Namazi star pays tribute to colleague following deathChicago Fire fans fear affair twist as concern grows over Stella My 600lb Life's Paula Jones unrecognisable as she dons swimsuit So far, the general release date for The Walking Dead: Dead City has been set for April 2023, with no specific date revealed yet. Twitter users have been eagerly anticipating the show, like @zombieslayer194, commenting: “I say it everytime I see a post like this and I’m gonna say it again now….I NEED THIS SHOW OUT NOW!!!!!!!! I’m impatient for it.” Whilst @Fairwinds10 has many questions to the series plot: “If years have gone by how would Negan and Maggie know where to find each other to go on a mission? “All questions will be answered once #DeadCity airs I guess - maybe one of Negan's old Savior Gang is now King of Manhattan or something and that's what causes Negan to backslide.” DON'T MISS: And fan @plissken365 is left at the edge of her seat: “The reason why Maggie and Negan team up together and head for New York City. Is it to rescue Herschel and Annie? I CANNOT WAIT TO FIND OUT! lol.” Another fan @LouisJourdain8 has been theorising over what could be in the new plot: “I’m willing to bet both Negan and Maggie Resort to their own ruthlessness in order to survive the Dead City. Both of them had extreme degrees of being ruthless. Maggie because of Negan and Negan because of his past.” Although other fans like @DevinDawason20 are itching to know whether fan-favourite Rick Grimes makes an appearance again: “So if it’s years later does that mean Rick never came back ?” (sic) Cast members joining Cohan and Morgan in the new spin-off include Karina Oritz, Michael Anthony, Randy Gonzalez, Gaius Charles, Mahina Napoleon, David Chen, Saint Marino, Caleb Reese Paul, Matthew R. Staley, Charlie Solis, Jesse Reid, John Wu, Jonathan Higginbotham, Alex Borlo, Alex Huynh, Trey Santiago-Hudson, Eleanor Reissa, Željko Ivanek, Aixa Kendrick and Hedley Harlan. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to stream in the UK now on Disney+.