Mick Schumacher sent a touching message to dad Michael on his 54th birthday last week but the seven-time world champion's condition is still relatively unknown. Mick has been relatively quiet about his father since joining F1 in a bid to keep the German’s privacy under wraps. Michael suffered brain injuries after a skiing accident in the French Alps back in December 2013. He was airlifted to Grenoble hospital for emergency treatment but has since returned home to Switzerland to continue his rehabilitation. Mick, 23, opened up about his father's condition in the Netflix documentary, Schumacher, last year. In the show, the former Haas driver hinted he “would give up everything” to have his old father back. The comments revealed more details about the F1 legend’s condition as he remarked Michael was present “to a lesser extent”. He said: “I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher sends touching message to dad Michael   "We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent." Mick also said that he still talks about his F1 career with Michael in a team radio message last season. After picking up his first points at last year’s British Grand Prix, Mick detailed how he had sent a clear message to his dad ahead of the race. He explained: “I said it, hell, it's been brilliant. They've been brilliant guys, unbelievably brilliant. Prove them wrong and believe in yourself, that's what I told dad." DON'T MISS Daniel Ricciardo details private chat with Michael Schumacher [INSIGHT]Schumacher's official account responds after son Mick leads tributes [ANALYSIS]German F1 fans told they should be 'ashamed' with post-Schumacher era [COMMENT] Michael’s wife Corinna stressed children Mick and Gina “miss” him but admitted the family “try to carry on”. She commented: "I miss Michael every day. But it's not just me who misses him. It's the children, the family, his father, everyone around him. "I mean, everybody misses Michael, but Michael is here. Different, but he's here and that gives us strength, I find. We try to carry on a family as Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. "Private is private', as he always said. It is very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible.”