NCIS fans revelled in the NCIS three-way crossover earlier this month where all three dramas came together for one night only. CBS has since revealed NCIS Los Angeles has been cancelled and season 14 will be its final ever series. Here's everything there is to know so far about NCIS LA coming to an end. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles is the first spin-off to come from the original CBS police procedural 14 years ago. It has since been announced it is tied as the fifth longest-running CBS primetime scripted show ever and had strong ratings from the crossover special. An exact reason why it has been cancelled hasn't been specified but Deadline has speculated it could be due to budget cuts. The publication reported: "The cancellation of a long-running drama with big-name leads filming in LA should not come as a shock given the big price tag involved, especially at a time when networks across the board are looking to cut their spending." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan What makes the show even rarer is that its original leads, LL Cool J as Sam Hanna and Chris O'Donnell as Callen, have starred in the drama's entire run. LL Cool J has since taken to Twitter to react to the news, stating he already has other projects in the pipeline. Alongside cute pictures of the cast, he wrote: "This NCIS Crossover was a huge success! "After 14 seasons, it’s the perfect time to end @NCISLA on top! "I look forward to continuing my partnership with @CBSTVStudios. They invested in our series B round and became a strategic partner with @RockTheBells — more exciting things ahead!" NCIS LA will be ending with its current 14th season, finishing off with a whopping 322 episodes. It has already been announced that the grand finale will be airing on Sunday, May 14, on CBS, as well as streaming live and on-demand on Paramount+ in the USA. As the crime drama will only start series 14 in the UK on Sunday, January 22, on Sky Max, viewers across the pond are going to have to wait a lot longer for the last ever episode. Unfortunately, this isn't the first NCIS drama to be cancelled in recent years. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [CAST]Coronation Street's Fiz Stape 'to disappear' as Jennie McAlpine exits [SPOILER]NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled [REVEALED] NCIS New Orleans was the second spin-off to come out in 2014 but only consisted of seven seasons. The drama was cancelled two years ago by CBS with the Scott Bakula-led show airing its finale on May 23, 2021. So far, it seems the original show NCIS is still going strong as it is now in the middle of its 20th series. Viewers have also been loving the latest addition to the franchise, NCIS Hawaii which is now airing season two. There also plans for another spin-off, NCIS Sydney, to come to fruition soon.  In a statement, executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gemmill said: "Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. "My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances – thank you for your talent, professionalism and continuous enthusiasm. "And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. "We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA. Series 14 premieres on Sunday, January 22, at 10pm on Sky Max in the UK.