Happy Valley is set to come to an end on Sunday, February 5 after a tense third and final season. Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) have not come into contact at all during the latest season with many thinking there will be an epic showdown at the end. However, some viewers feel Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) will be the one to take down his father for good. In the latest episode, Tommy was taken to a safe house after he managed to escape from police custody. Knowing he was on the loose, Catherine informed her family they weren't to return to their homes and Nevison Gallagher (George Costigan) would be putting them up. Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finnernan) informed Catherine that Nevison offered to send the family to his place in Malaga to get away from the drama, but the police officer angrily declined. She also ensured Ryan had his Xbox brought over to the house to keep him occupied, however, she was unaware her kind action would have devastating consequences. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss After logging onto his game, he received an invitation from an unknown user who quickly turned out to be his father. The pair began to speak to one another through the headsets and Tommy explained he had a plan to flee to Marbella and wanted Ryan to come with him. After a tense conversation, the episode ended on a cliffhanger where Ryan explained he would think about his father's proposition. Viewers of the show have been left going wild with theories on what they think could happen, with Reddit user @FHFM100 asking: "What are your predictions for Sunday's finale?" @wildcharmander1992 theorised: "There ends up being a standoff where the police have caught up to Tommy who has a gun pointed at Catherine and with a smile says 'See you in hell b***h' "As he's about to pull the trigger Ryan jumps in front of his gran taking the bullet for her. "As Tommy drops the gun thinking he's killed his son, the armed police take him down and arrest him as Catherine holds Ryan in her arms crying her heart out. "Ryan whispers weakly 'thank you for being you' as the scene fades. DON'T MISS...Paul Burrell in tears about telling sons 'I have prostrate cancer' [INSIGHT]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat [WATCH]Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST] "Then in the final scene, it shows Catherine saying her goodbyes to the family getting into the van ready for her next chapter. "After heartfelt goodbyes, she gets into the van, pokes her head out the window and says 'You ready or what?' "Viewers see that Ryan survived as he runs out the house with his bag hugs his auntie and Neil and gets into the van with his grandma as they set off for their new life together." Stunned at the story, user @babynamehelpneeded expressed: "This gave me goosebumps. I want this ending!" @Pineappletots praised: "*slow clapping* yes to this as the ending!" Loserlosing666 explained their theory and said: "Ryan is going to play a role in Tommy Lee Royce's downfall, redeem himself to Catherine and prove that her nurture outweighs Tommy’s nature. Tommy died (PLEASE)." Prodddddddi said: "Yeah this series is going to be over way too quickly it's annoying!" (sic) Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.