SEAL Team’s sixth season came to an emotional end after the funeral of fan-favourite Clay Spencer (played by Max Thieriot). Although Jason Hayes (David Boreanaz) was awarded a medal, he could be forced to resign after dropping a huge truth bomb during his speech.  Throughout the last two seasons, Jason had been suffering from mysterious headaches which were linked to a traumatic brain injury he suffered years ago. Although the warning signs were there, he decided to remain tight-lipped despite the stress it was causing him. His stubbornness came back to bite in a tragic way after the Bravo team’s mission in Mali took a disastrous turn. As a result of his TBI, Jason made a catastrophic mistake which caused a building to collapse and landed the Bravo team in the hospital. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation During the season six finale, Jason finally came clean about his TBI and blamed himself for Clay’s death. After the mission in Mali went wrong, the soldier lost his leg during life-saving surgery and fell into a deep depression. This paired with becoming a new father became too much for Clay and after a serious conversation with his wife Stella (Alana Tal), they agreed to move away for a fresh start. However, he received a disturbing call from a friend who was about to commit suicide.  After Clay rushed to his side, he was able to safely retrieve the gun and calm his friend, however, a security guard heard the commotion, saw the weapon and shot Clay dead. During the Naval Cross Ceremony, Eric Blackburn (Judd Lormand) praised Jason during a speech and invited him as the award recipient to say a few words. However, Jason made a surprising revelation and stated: “Clay Spenser may have gotten home from Mali, but he's not here today because of that ambush, an ambush that he never should have been a part of. “While Clay was watching his team's back, I was watching my own back, worried that Command would discover what this war has done to my head.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' downfall [REACTION]SEAL Team fans fume over ‘forgotten’ character [REACTION]SEAL Team’s Sonny star drops Clay fallout tease [INSIGHT] He confessed: “TBI, I hid my traumatic brain injury and Clay Spenser paid the ultimate price for it.” As a result, Jason could be forced to step down from his role as the Master Chief Special Warfare Operator of the Bravo Team. After his speech, he was confronted by his superiors and told he had “embarrassed Command and the Navy.” Speaking on Jason’s future, showrunner Spencer Hudnut noted Jason “knows the consequences of this situation".  “And I think he’s, for the first time, really comfortable with the idea that maybe he won’t operate again,” Spencer added to TV Insider. However, this could be the case for the entire Bravo team as Jason’s revelation encouraged the others to open up about their mental health struggles. While Jason was in a tense meeting with Command, Ray Perry (Neil Brown Jr) interrupted to “amend” his statement and revealed he had been suffering from PTSD since kidnapped and held captive in season four. Just when he was dismissed all the solider including Sonny Quinn (AJ Buckley), Brock Reynolds (Justin Melnick) and Trent (Tyler Grey) unveiled their impairments. These ranged from headaches, tinnitus, breacher syndrome, insomnia, blurry vision and memory loss.  SEAL Team seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA.