 On the latest instalment of Piers Morgan’s TalkTV show Uncensored, the 57-year-old welcomed James Haskell onto the show to speak about his new book and friendship with Prince Harry. However, the conversation quickly moved onto the “pitfalls” during his life which James confessed Piers played a part in.   Welcoming James onto the show, the 37-year-old was giving Piers’ viewers an insight into his upcoming book. Titled Approach Without Caution, readers will get a five-step plan for upgrading their mindset in order to achieve success. Although when the guest was speaking about the contents of the book, he took the opportunity to mention a previous time Piers had taken a swipe at him in an article. James commented: “I’ve had many pitfalls, some you were involved in.”  READ MORE:Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down  Acknowledging his contribution to James’ past troubles, Piers commented: “Yes, I know. Is it too late to say sorry?” James joked he’d cut that part of the interview up and send it to his mum who was angry at the presenter for hurting her son. The rugby player confessed: “She’s not a big fan.” Before James continued, the Uncensored host took the time to publicly apologise to James and his mum for the distress he caused.    He said: “I’m sorry to your mum, alright? I’m sorry. “He got into a scrap at school, I was editing The Mirror, we ran it and his mum was furious. “It’s never too late to apologise, I’m sorry.” Looking into the camera speaking to his mum, James joked the duo are now the best of friends. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [VIDEO] The Grand Tour’s future confirmed after series of dangerous crashes [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION]   Elsewhere in the interview, the 37-year-old touched on Prince Harry’s recently released tell-all autobiography and why he believes his friend decided to write it. James highlighted people in his position rarely get to tell their stories without them being altered or edited by the media. He commented: “I feel that he has written his book as a way of going, ‘Look, regardless of what happened, this is what I feel.' “I’m not saying whether it’s true or not, I’ve got no comment, I don’t really care to be honest with you.”    James added he believes it’s important Harry told his story the way he has as it’s now unable to be misinterpreted. Prince Harry’s book, titled Spare, officially hit the shelves this week with the 38-year-old conducting a series of interviews beforehand highlighting some of the key themes readers can expect. The Duke of Sussex touches on the fractured relationship he has with his father and brother, how he felt during the death of his mother and how he’s dealt with grief afterwards along with accusations of the Palace leaking stories to the press. Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weekdays on TalkTV from 8pm   