At one point, reports surrounding the so-called royal rift between the then-Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Duke and Duchess of Sussex were centred around Kate, Princess of Wales, and Meghan Markle. Many believed that the two women simply did not see eye-to-eye, leading to tension building up between their husbands — Prince William and Prince Harry. When a report of an argument between Kate and Meghan came to light, the war between the women was quickly pointed out as the catalyst for a fractured Royal Family. In December 2018, it was reported that the Duchess of Sussex had made Kate cry ahead of the former’s wedding. It was said that a “stressful dress fitting” led to an altercation between the two women. According to the reports at the time, Kate said her daughter's bridesmaid dress was “too baggy” and allegedly insisted that it was remade. The pair are also thought to have had a disagreement over whether the flower girls should wear tights or not, with the then-Duchess of Cambridge insisting it was royal protocol to do so. But in March 2021, Meghan told Oprah Winfrey that it was actually “the reverse,” that the Princess of Wales had been the one to make her cry. Most recently, the Duke of Sussex has lifted the lid on his version of events, revealing Kate and Meghan’s text messages about Princess Charlotte’s bridesmaid dress, which Kate allegedly described as “too big, too long, too baggy”.  In his memoir, he claimed Meghan was left “on the floor sobbing” after the disagreement. But a royal commentator has argued that the Princess of Wales seemed to be trying to help the newest addition to the Royal Family, rather than play the role of antagonist. Hosts of Podcast Royal Rachel Burchfield and Jessica Robinson discussed the widely-reported disagreement on the latest episode of their podcast, referring to Harry’s description of the incident in his memoir. Ms Robinson said: “I read that exchange very differently than what I feel like people are interpreting [it as] or maybe what's being claimed in the book. "To me, it felt like Catherine knows the protocol, she knows how things are supposed to go and she was trying to help Meghan. "I truly think she was…I took it as Catherine was really trying to help her out.”  Indeed, in his book, Harry wrote: “I was horrified to see her [Meghan] upset, but I didn’t think it a catastrophe…Kate hadn’t meant any harm, I told her.” He recalled the Princess of Wales coming by with flowers and a card the next morning, apologising for her role in the “misunderstanding”. While Harry admitted that his expectations for his wife’s relationship with his brother and sister-in-law were not met, the narrative that painted Meghan and Kate as “clashing wives” was not entirely based on fact. As Meghan told Oprah: “If you love me, you don’t have to hate her. And if you love her, you don’t need to hate me.” It was largely the brother’s tempestuous relationship that led to the breakdown of rapport between the “Fab Four”, as well as his bond with his father and the institution itself. DON'T MISSEdward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding [ANALYSIS]King and Queen seen after Coronation tipped to snub Harry and Meghan [REPORT]Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims [INSIGHT] Speaking of Spare during his 60 Minutes interview with Anderson Cooper, Harry said: “It does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up. [It] also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship between these two brothers.” His remarks oppose the previous account of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s dramatic departure, which was widely blamed on Harry’s relationship with the American actress. Their explosive exit was colloquially called ‘Megxit’, intrinsically — and by all accounts, inaccurately — pointing out Meghan as the instigator in their decision to step down from their royal roles and move overseas. As it turns out, it was ultimately Harry who made the call. In the couple’s Netflix documentary series, which aired in December 2022, the Duke said: “It was my decision. She never asked to leave.” Spare was written by Prince Harry and published by Penguin Random House in January 2023. It is available here.