Everton have reportedly made an attempt to take Kalvin Phillips on loan from Manchester City with Sean Dyche keen to bring the midfielder to Goodison Park. The Toffees are yet to make any new signings in the January transfer window with time running out for that to change.  Dyche was only confirmed as Everton's new boss on Monday, giving him little time to work with the club's board on what he wants in the remaining hours of the market. Finding a replacement for Anthony Gordon is seen as the main priority, along with bringing in another central striker to help the club fix their goal drought. Defensively, they have a better record than the likes of Tottenham, Brentford and Fulham - all of whom are battling for Europeans spots higher up the table. But it appears as though Dyche wants to further bolster his defensive options with Phillips seen as the ideal target. The 27-year-old has struggled to impress at City since his big-money move from Leeds last summer with his fitness even being questioned by Pep Guardiola. Phillips has featured in just three Premier League games all season and he's been offered a chance for regular football elsewhere in the Premier League.  According to The Sun, Everton boss Dyche has personally requested the signing of Phillips on loan. It's claimed that Everton were hoping City would be open to talks given Phillips' lack of game time this season. But the report adds that City officials have immediately turned down any chance of the midfielder leaving the Etihad. Both Leeds and West Ham are also said to have enquired about Phillips' availability. Pep Guardiola is supposedly hopeful of calling on Phillips on a regular basis in the second half of the season. City face a hectic schedule when the Champions League returns, meaning Phillips could get more minutes towards the end of the campaign. Guardiola explained a few weeks ago why Phillips hasn't featured as much as expected. "He has the perfect body now - so sexy. We will see for the weekend," Guardiola said. "He has spent the first part of the season out with surgery to arrive for the World Cup - and did everything to get to the World Cup. It's not just about just being fit you also have to understand what we want to do, the movements etc. "So that means, as quick as possible, because Rodri cannot play all the games, so as quick as possible he he will play. But I'm happy that yesterday for example Kalvin trained really well and sooner or later he will play." 