King Charles, Prince William and the rest of the Firm "need to address" the rift with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, a royal author believes. The Duke of Sussex has raised a number of claims and criticism against the Firm, its leading individuals and how Buckingham Palace operates in both his new memoir Spare and a series of blistering interviews. The motto of the Royal Family has been for decades "never complain, never explain" and the Palace has historically issued only a handful of statements in response to various accusations made against it over the years. However, Dr Tessa Dunlop believes the Royal Family needs to adopt a different strategy now that Harry has laid bare his truth in his 416-page long book, various interview and a six-part Netflix documentary. Looking "unfeeling" this time could see the Firm losing the chance to get the support of younger generations, Dr Dunlop said. She also suggested Harry could do a "little job" overseas for his father. Asked by Channel 4's host Krishnan Guru-Murthy whether the Firm can survive without addressing Harry's claim and the royal rift, the author of Elizabeth and Philip said: "No, they need to address it. "In the olden days, it was shtum, you know, don't say anything, whether it was Crawfie the nanny, she was persona non grata for the rest of her life, or indeed the Duke of Windsor. "But I think now you can't look that unfeeling. Especially because they need to hook in younger generations eventually, when these younger generations grow up. "I think they will have to invite him to the Coronation, I think there will have to be some sort of sop. "Harry gave it to them on a plate last night, some little job that he could do for Charles ideally overseas, because we need to keep him away from the conservative press." READ MORE: Six claims made by Harry refuted as one is proven completely untrue As noted by Dr Dunlop, Harry mentioned in one of his recent interviews he is still willing to support the Commonwealth. Appearing on ABC's Good Morning America, the Duke told Michael Strahan when asked whether he could ever return as a working royal. He said: "I don't think it's ever going to be possible, I don't think that even if there was an agreement or an arrangement between me and my family there's that third party that's going to do everything they can to make sure that that isn't possible, not stopping us from going back but making it unsurvivable." He continued: "Because that's essentially breaking the relationship between us. There was something in the future where, you know, we can continue to support the Commonwealth that of course is on the table." Speaking to Anderson Cooper for the CBS' 60 Minutes programme, Harry also said there is still the possibility to mend the relationship with his family. He said: "The ball is very much in their court, but, you know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." He also said he looks forward to "having a relationship with my brother. I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family." Neither Buckingham Palace nor Kensington Palace have so far commented on the claims and criticism raised over the past few weeks by Prince Harry.