 Jason Derulo, 33, is currently relying on crutches to get around after a sporting injury saw him breaking his foot. The singer’s plans to perform at this year’s Super Bowl and the third annual NFL TikTok Tailgate party now hang in the balance of his recovery.   The Take You Dancing singer is known for his dance-filled performances which may be highly impacted by his latest injury. Jason reportedly sustained an injury while playing a friendly game of basketball earlier this month with his friends. The singer is believed to have leaped into the air, reaching for the ball, but made an awkward landing on a rival player’s foot. Today it was revealed that the singer has suffered a small break in his foot as well as a torn ligament, according to reports made by TMZ. READ MORE: Louise Harrison dead: Sister of Beatles legend George dies at 91 after 'hospice care'  Jason reportedly narrowly avoided having to undergo surgery in the run-up to his performance at Super Bowl Sunday. Instead, the singer is believed to have received stem cell injections to help speed up his natural recovery process and is undertaking daily physical therapy. The outlet noted their sources said Jason will be performing on Super Bowl Sunday regardless of how far in the healing process he is. Jason has already proven he can deliver a gallant performance in spite of his injuries.    On January 13 the singer shocked fans as he appeared at his Dubai concert with crutches and wearing just one shoe. The singer performed during the opening ceremony of the International League T20 cricket tournament at Dubai International Stadium. Last week the singer worried fans even further when he announced he is adding yet another big performance to his February calendar. The Wiggle singer will be headlining the TikTok Tailgate, which takes place just ahead of the Super Bowl on February 12.  Jason announced the news on Instagram, with fans questioning: “On a broken foot?” At this performance at least the singer won’t be alone, as rock duo The Black Keys have also been announced as headliners for the tailgate. At the Super Bowl halftime show, award-winning artist Rihanna is set to be in the spotlight as she headlines the iconic stage. Last year the halftime show welcomed five headliners as part of the rap-focused event featuring Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Dr Dre, Kendrick Lamar and Mary J Blige.  Jason’s injury also comes at a tipping point in the singer’s career as he is set to join a new BBC Three series as a judge. The new show titled Project Icon will see eight aspiring artists compete for a chance at stardom. Also set to join the judging panel is singer Becky Hill and Jason’s own manager Frank Harris with BBC Radio 1’s Jordan North hosting the six-part series. Express.co.uk has contacted Jason Derulo’s representatives for comment.