Aldi is always updating and changing its range to meet customer demands – its Specialbuys range is particularly made to meet shoppers’ needs. The range is often filled with cheap products, but the January sales mean items will be even cheaper. Shoppers have taken to the internet to rave about a £30 product that many said can transform any bedroom in seconds. The product is a duvet set – perfect for anyone wanting to spring clean their home and update their bedding. Costing just £30, the Jacquard Superking Duvet Set has been described as “beautiful” and “classy” by shoppers. Due to the sale, the set is available to buy for £29.99, down from £34.99. It includes a duvet cover and two pillowcases. READ MORE: 3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' The product is available to buy online and has been described by Aldi as transformational. Its description on the Aldi website reads: “Transform your room with the Kirkton House Jacquard Pink Superking Duvet Set. “This bedding set includes a duvet cover and two pillowcases, made with a blend of polycotton this jacquard velvet bedding will be sure to add a touch of elegance and luxury to your bedroom.” Shoppers are in awe of the Specialbuy and have given it a star rating of 4.8 out of five on the Aldi website. DON'T MISS:Woman loses 3 stone after doctor's told her it would be 'impossible' [PICTURES]3 ‘outdated’ hairstyles women 40+ should avoid as 'they age you' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks to keep bananas perfectly yellow & edible for 2wks [EXPERTS] One customer wrote: “Beautiful colour which is true to photo, lovely quality and washes up really well (no need to iron either so bonus) really pleased with the quality.” Another shopper said: “Bought recently in superking size....absolutely love it! It’s classy and elegant, enhances my bedroom greatly!” One person commented: “Looks great, another pair of pillowcases would be great.” Another customer said: “Stunning looking and really soft and comfortable to sleep under, and available in Super King, well done Aldi!” One person shared: “I purchased this duvet with trepidation and am pleasantly surprised with the quality. “I have washed it a few times now and the best bit is it doesn’t need ironing, even after being slept in it still looks great on the bed. “It is however darker than shown on the picture. I would definitely recommend this set.” Aldi isn’t the only retailer with cheap duvet sets this January.   Another shopper also spotted the deal, writing: “Right place right time today for a bargain.” 