Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted the club are interested in signing Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund, claiming it would be 'stupid' not to consider the England international. The Reds boss wants to add another midfielder to his squad this summer as he continues to reshape his squad for the long-term. Bellingham has emerged as a top target for the Merseyside club after becoming a key player at club level for Dortmund, with the 19-year-old already picked as a captain by Edin Terzic for the Bundesliga side this season. The box-to-box midfielder has also become an integral part of Gareth Southgate's England side and produced a series of impressive displays for the Three Lions in Qatar during the winter tournament. Liverpool are understood to be leading the race with Manchester City to bring Bellingham back to England as Dortmund are open to selling the teenager. Reports even claimed Klopp had contacted Bellingham's parents to convince them his future lies at Anfield. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp issued £200m Liverpool action plan for three midfielders The 55-year-old has since denied having any contact with the Bellingham family, but hinted Liverpool are preparing a move for the youngster after revealing he is on their "radar". “These things are not possible because he is under contract with Borussia Dortmund,” he told SportBILD. “That is not possible without their consent. So it’s not true. “Jude is a great player who we are familiar with, of course. We’d be stupid not to have him on our radar. But there’s nothing more to say at the moment.” Dortmund are open to selling Bellingham after it emerged the central midfielder was keen to test himself in the Premier League. But they are not prepared to entertain a mid-season sale, with a January transfer looking highly unlikely. DON'T MISSArsenal 'admire' Bellingham but two issues blocking summer dealLiverpool midfielder search slammed by Carragher in furious rantLiverpool 'to return for £44m Nunes' with 'agreement' still on table The German giants are looking to raise around £130million from selling Bellingham next summer, with Real Madrid and Chelsea also keeping tabs on any deal for the starlet. However, The Telegraph report that Klopp is concerned that he may favour a move to join Pep Guardiola's side. Such an amount would smash the current transfer record at Anfield after the club agreed an £85m package to sign Darwin Nunez from Benfica this summer. As it stands, it would also set a new British transfer record that City set when they captured Jack Grealish from Aston Villa for £100m in August 2021. It remains to be seen whether Liverpool would be able to afford Bellingham after splashing out £50m to bring Cody Gakpo from PSV this month, and any prospective transfer could hinge on the club's potential takeover with Fenway Sports Group looking to sell.