Prince Harry did not realise he was the "butt of a joke" during his media tour after the release of his bombshell memoir. The Duke of Sussex and his bride Meghan Markle are beginning to lose sympathy from American media due to the constant re-telling of their story since stepping down from royal duties, royal expert Victoria Arbiter has claimed. She told TalkTV: "I think the media has definitely taken a shift in recent weeks in terms of their coverage of Harry and Meghan. "Following the Oprah interview, there was a huge amount of sympathy. They made some very startling allegations, particularly concerning race accusations related to the media. "I think there was a huge amount of sympathy here for everything that they went through but I think having heard the story so many times, the media started to lose a little bit of patience. "I'm speaking broadly here, not everyone in the media had this reaction but left-leaning publications that were previously team Harry and Meghan no matter what were expressing criticism. "Jimmy Kimmel went so far as to create a whole illustrated book about Harry and his frostbitten parts - that was incredible in terms of mockery. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told 'it's not your day' after making 'shady' move  "Stephen Colbert has Harry on his sofa and there were moments where he was sending up the Royal Family, I don't think Harry realised that he was the butt of a joke. "I think that really is just in response to the fact that Harry and Meghan have told this story so many times. "There are a lot of problems that they raised that the average person simply can't relate to." Harry was savagely mocked by Jimmy Kimmel during his talkshow after sharing a very frank admission about getting frostbite on his penis. The Duke of Sussex revealed he applied Elizabeth Arden cream to his "todger" following a 200-mile expedition in the Arctic just weeks before Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding in 2011. The royal said the smell of the cream "transported" him through time from when his mother, Princess Diana used it. On Jimmy Kimmel Live, the host had the audience in stitches. He said: "The biggest book of the year so far belongs to Prince Harry, he's topping the bestseller charts. "His memoir sold almost twice as many copies as Barack Obama's memoir on his first day and there's a reason for that. DON'T MISS Stripping Meghan and Harry's titles seen as 'aggressive move' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'should apologise to world' [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew 'remains a danger' to royal image, claims royal expert [VIDEO] "Barack Obama didn't write a chapter about frostbite on his penis." He continued: "He rubbed a smidge of mummy's lip balm on his tallywhacker, everybody. It's quite an endorsement for Elizabeth Arden. "You know when they say to write a tell-all, they don't tell all. It's just a phrase." Kimmel added: "The next book will have to create a little more distance between the word mummy and my penis."