John McEnroe has tipped Boris Becker for a coaching return as the disgraced tennis star has proven he can achieve results at the elite level. Becker is currently working as a pundit as part of the Eurosport team for the Australian Open this month after his early release from prison. The 55-year-old was freed just before Christmas after an eight-month stint in a UK prison and was deported back to his native Germany, where he is covering the first Grand Slam of the year remotely. Becker had been sentenced to two-and-a-half years imprisonment over bankruptcy-related offences and is now rebuilding his life after a fast-track scheme enabled his early release and deportation back to his homeland. And the three-time Wimbledon champion, who had lived in the UK since 2012, has the full support of former on-court rival, BBC colleague, and close friend, McEnroe as he returns to his role as a prominent voice in tennis. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal raises retirement fears over Aus Open injury anguish "When he was in prison I sent him a message via the BBC during the Wimbledon tournament: 'Boris, I love you. I feel for you.' Now I'm glad he's out. I missed him a lot and the talks with him. We'll talk soon," McEnroe told Sport Bild. He added: "Hopefully his problems will finally be a thing of the past. And hopefully Boris can re-establish himself in sport." McEnroe and BBC presenter Sue Barker both declared their support for Becker whilst he was in prison during last year’s Wimbledon coverage. But Becker’s hopes of returning to a punditry role with the broadcaster at the All England Club appear to be over as he is forbidden from entering the UK for an undetermined period after his early deportation. A six-time Grand Slam winner, Becker also enjoyed success as a tennis coach before being jailed for hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans to avoid paying debts. DON'T MISSDjokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Aus OpenOns Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open winAustralian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theft  He notably spent three golden years as Novak Djokovic’s coach from December 2013, helping the Serb win six Grand Slam titles in that period, and McEnroe believes he can return to coaching once again as he plots to regain respect in tennis circles. "Maybe the coaching job is something for him too,” he added. “If that's what he wants at all. He's proven that he's a great coach." However, a return to elite level coaching would be complicated by the fact Becker cannot make it to one of the biggest tournaments of the year at SW19 in July. And Becker’s next plans are unclear as he reasserts himself in a media role with coverage of this month’s tournament at Melbourne Park.