Arsenal have been linked with a mega-money move for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo as manager Mikel Arteta looks to bolster his squad this month in the quest to lead the Gunners to their first Premier League title since 2004. And if the north London giants get their hands on the Ecuador international, the transfer could deal a double blow to Chelsea and Liverpool. Arsenal have been in imperious form this season and have stormed to the top of the Premier League table after winning 16 of their 19 matches. Last weekend, the Gunners defeated Manchester United 3-2 following an epic battle at the Emirates Stadium after seeing off north London rivals Tottenham 2-0 seven days earlier. Arteta’s starting XI appear to be more than a match for any club in the country right now. But the Spaniard won’t want to risk falling away from the top of the table if his team were hit by a spate of injury problems, so will be keen to add new faces to his squad before the current transfer window slams shut. According to recent reports, Arsenal are now the frontrunners to sign Caicedo and are working to complete a £75million deal before the end of the month. Caicedo, who joined Brighton from Independiente in February 2021, has been in scintillating form for Brighton this season and would be an invaluable addition for Arteta in the coming months. And if the Gunners can persuade the 21-year-old to move to the Emirates Stadium, it would be a kick in the teeth for their Premier League rivals. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Chelsea did appear to be in the driving seat to land Caicedo, with owner Todd Boehly illustrating his insatiable desire to build a world-class squad by splashing the cash at Stamford Bridge since taking over the club at the end of last May. The American would likely be desperately disappointed to miss out on signing the player, who has become one of the most sought-after midfielders in the Premier League since breaking into the Seagulls team last spring. DON'T MISS...Swansea ball boy kicked by Eden Hazard now has £40m fortuneLaura Woods wades into row over Arsenal boss Arteta's angry anticsChelsea target Gusto 'en route' as Boehly spending set to continue   If Chelsea do end up missing out on Caicedo, they could instead turn to Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes. Nunes has produced a string of stellar performances in the Premier League this season after arriving in England from Sporting last summer and has been linked with a move to the capital. Meanwhile, Liverpool would see two of their transfer targets taken away from them if Arsenal sign Caicedo and Chelsea land Nunes. Both players have been tipped to secure transfers to Anfield recently as the Reds look to solve their own midfield woes. And if the duo are both taken off the market, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will be left scratching his head over who he can bring in to help the club revitalise themselves following a dismal first half of the campaign. 