Liverpool’s new £37million signing Cody Gakpo gave a brutal assessment of his Reds debut, as Jurgen Klopp’s side drew 2-2 with Wolves on Saturday in the third round of the FA Cup. The Netherlands forward played 84 minutes before being brought off for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, as Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah scored for the hosts. The Dutchman could not begin his Liverpool career with a win, however, as the game was marred by some perplexing offside decisions as Toti Gomes felt that he had won the game for the visitors, but his strike was controversially ruled out. The two sides will now be forced to a replay in order to reach the fourth round, as Gakpo gave his honest thoughts on making his first Reds appearance. “[There was a] really great atmosphere,” he said. “For my own game, I think I showed some good moments and some sloppy moments. So, I can also still improve on those points and keep working and try to help the team as much as I can. Of course you learn the most when you're playing games, so I'm looking forward [to more]. "I think we played in phases really good football but in the end we didn't score enough, so that's a pity. But I think we showed what we could do, but we can still improve on some points and let's work on that. I think we showed real team spirit at moments, so that's good. I think we have to go there [Molineux] with great determination and just go for the win." Liverpool hosted Wolves with a full-strength lineup as Gakpo lined up on the left of a front three with Nunez and Salah, filling in for the injured Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota. The pair are not set to return to the side before February, allowing Gakpo a run in the team as Oxlade-Chamberlain had been operating on the left before the 23-year-old’s arrival. Gakpo’s fee could rise to as much as £50m, and was the first business concluded in January by Liverpool, though the Reds could remain active in the January transfer window according to boss Klopp.  “I am now seven years and a few months here and every transfer window is pretty much the same,” Klopp admitted last week. “We talk about these things as though money wouldn’t play a role. Like: ‘Who cares’. If there’s something we can do in January which means right player and financial situation…then we will do it, but if not then we will not.” Liverpool have been urged to strengthen their midfield this month and have been strongly linked with a move for Borussia Dortmund teenager Jude Bellingham in a potential £100m-plus deal, though the England star is expected to move away from the Bundesliga side in the summer, rather than January.