A polling expert has appeared on Robert Peston's weekly political analysis show on ITV to discuss the trend for Leave voters turning their back on Brexit. Sir John Curtice, a politics professor at the University of Strathclyde, acknowledged that the current state of the economy was a major factor in this change. He even admitted that a second referendum could be a possibility, although neither Rishi Sunak nor Sir Keir Starmer have plans for one in their manifestos. Sir John said on Wednesday evening: "Amongst Leave voters, who you would normally expect to say that Brexit was right, they have become much less confident in the economic benefits of Brexit. "That seems to be resulting in fewer Leave voters now saying they would vote to stay out. "The problem with Brexit is that given the state of the British economy, it's very difficult to persuade people that Brexit is proving to be a success." READ MORE: Tories urged to axe ‘weak’ Sunak to survive as leading party  When asked if this would lead to another referendum he responded: "It's by no means inconceivable but of course at the moment, in England at least, there isn't any party which is even close to that position." A former Tory MP, Mr Norman said the plans for changes in packaging could increase costs for supermarkets and producers and give EU companies an advantage over British competitors. Do you think there should be another referendum on EU membership? Share your thoughts in the comments section below  These changes would include putting "Northern Ireland only" or "UK wide" labels on goods to avoid heavy customs checks. Mr Norman said: "The overbearing costs of a labelling regime would raise prices and reduce choice for consumers, further disadvantage UK farmers and suppliers and impact UK retailers competitiveness in other international markets. "The simple fact is retailers already operate in real time digital information - day or night, at the click of a button, we can locate our products be that in a depot, in transit or in a store."  DON'T MISS:Virginia school ‘couldn’t be bothered’ to stop child with a gun [LATEST]Truck-size asteroid to make ‘extraordinarily close approach’ to Earth [REPORT]Lockheed Martin all set to meet F-16s demand  [SPOTLIGHT] Inventor Sir James Dyson has also criticised the Government for their "stupid" economic decisions, reported The Telegraph. A prominent Brexiteer himself, Sir James has now moved his company's headquarters to Singapore. 