Lisa Marie Presley had been in the spotlight ever since she was born thanks to her showbiz parents. Her father, Elvis Presley, died when she was a child, but despite this she and her mother, Priscilla, had been well and truly in the limelight. As an adult, Lisa Marie had made her own way – but did she have any children of her own?  Lisa Marie Presley had four children, though her son, Benjamin, died aged 27 in July 2020, meaning The King would be a grandfather of three if he was alive today. Her children are fairly split in age, as the singer had kids with her first and fourth husbands, leaving a fair gap in the middle. One of her children has also stepped out of the shadow of her famous family and made it on her own as an actress – young performer Riley Keough.   Her first husband was Danny Keough, a Chicago-born musician, with whom Lisa Marie had two children, Danielle Riley Keough and Benjamin Storm Keough. Riley has appeared in a number of films by director Steven Soderbergh. Her first film was in 2010 when she played Marie Currie, sister of The Runaways lead singer Cherie Currie. Following this, she had roles in Soderbergh’s movie Magic Mike, before appearing in Mad Max: Fury Road, American Honey, It Comes at Night and Logan Lucy. Her son, Benjamin, died in July 2020, aged just 27.  Lisa Marie was still close to her first husband, and he has been a bass player in her band over a number of years. Just 20 days after their divorce in May 1994, Lisa Marie married singer Michael Jackson, who she had first met in 1975. She sought a divorce in January 1996, after she had reportedly helped him to go to rehabilitation to recover from faltering health and addiction to drugs, as discussed in Randy J Taraborrelli’s book, The Magic and the Madness. Years following their divorce, Lisa Marie was engaged to singer-songwriter John Oszajca, however she ended up marrying actor Nicolas Cage in August 2002. The marriage was a short affair and Cage filed for divorce just three months later, for it to be finalised on in 2004. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley had a moment alone by Michael Jackson's casket  Lisa Marie’s most recent marriage was to Michael Lockwood, her guitarist, with her first husband acting as best man at their wedding in Japan. Presley had twin girls with Lockwood, Harper and Finley, but Presley filed for divorce from Lockwood in 2016. While Michael Jackson was her husband for some years, the pair did not have any children. With his second wife, Debbie Rowe, Jackson had two children, Michael Jr, known as Prince, born in 1997, as well as his daughter Paris, born in 1998. Following this, in 2002, an anonymous surrogate gave birth to his third child Prince (known as Blanket.) For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch. 