A man captured a meteor on his doorbell camera as it soared through the night sky. The footage, shared by Colin Hyde, shows a white light growing brighter as it shoots across the night sky.  The fireball was captured on camera at around 8pm on January 9 in Taffs Well, Wales. Colin reckons this one was "most likely" the end of the Quadrantid meteor shower, which saw some 3,000 meteors recorded by 138 cameras in the first week of January, according to the UK Meteor Network (UKMON). A meteor is a streak of light in the sky caused by a rock crashing through Earth’s atmosphere, reports Wales Online. The meteor could well have been the same rock as the one seen streaking across the Midlands, Sussex, Hemel Hempstead, and Hertfordshire – complete with a "whoosh" sound – on the same night. A Nest CCTV camera in Bristol also captured the moment the meteor curved through the air while a woman in Chippenham said: "I couldn't believe it. I was standing outside waiting for a lift to work when the sky lit up. A bright orange ball flew through the sky – it was incredible."  The Met Office confirmed that a meteor had been seen just after 8pm following a clear night for many parts of the country. Meanwhile UKMON tweeted on January 10: "A fireball at 8pm last night was reported by 500+ members of the public and was recorded by 13 cameras." It estimated that the meteor entered the atmosphere at 89km with a speed of just 10.21km/s on an orbit close to Jupiter. One stargazer said: "It was an absolutely amazing experience – never saw anything like that before." On a clear night, the Quadrantid meteor shower, one of the strongest and most consistent meteor showers, can reach up to 120 meteors per hour. It began on December 28, 2022, and culminated on January 12, 2023. The fireballs are larger explosions of light and colour that stay in the night sky longer than the average meteor streak. These unusual meteors originate from an asteroid, 2003 EH1, rather than a comet. It is possible that 2003 EH is a "dead comet" or a new kind of object being discussed by astronomers called a "rock comet." It gets its name from the former constellation Quadrans Muralis which is now part of Boötes. 