A woman in Iraq was pestered and abused by a large group of men as she walked through a motorcycle event, a video on social media shows. The 17-year old is shown trying to evade the men and walk away from the scene in Sulaymaniyah, a city in the east of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. She was pictured wearing a black vest top with a cardigan and a skirt while men were heard screaming "B****". The girl, an Iranian national, held a tissue to her face while men shouted at her and recorded her on their phones. Another video on TikTok showed the girl surrounded by men on bikes. As reported by the Daily Mail, the track is said to be a famous location for sporting events, and the girl identified as L Tehrani is reportedly a regular there. Kurdistan's Draw Media reported that men at the track had demanded no women attend the event on December 30. Reports also say the girl's male friend who was with her at the track, named as A Khanaq, tried to intervene and get her to safety. However, he was beaten and stabbed according to The National News. Sixteen men were arrested by police in connection with the incident and a number of knives and swords were also found in the suspects' possession. The prime minister of the Kurdistan region, Masrour Barzani, condemned the actions of those involved on Twitter. He said: "The mob attack on a young girl in Slemani yesterday, at a moment that should've been about celebrating the New Year, is shameful, inexcusable and completely unacceptable. I’ve spoken to the Interior and Justice Ministers to investigate and hold those responsible accountable. The Kurdish authorities have also maintained they are "against all kinds of violence and violations of human rights in general, including women's rights." The treatment of women in the region has been in the spotlight after the murder of Mahsa Amini, a 22-year-old woman detained by Iran's morality police for allegedly failing to abide by the country's strict rules which require women to cover their hair with a hijab. In recent months, women have been seen removing their hijabs in Iran. An Iranian woman was recently jailed for 10 years for "encouraging prostitution" after she removed her headscarf at a protest last year.