Arsenal are set to be one of the busier clubs on deadline day with Mikel Arteta keen to add to his squad as he looks to continue his quest for the Premier League title in the second half of the season. Central midfield appears to be the main position for improvement with Moises Caicedo widely reported to be the club’s top target while Youri Tielemans and Jorginho have also been linked. Arsenal have already been busy over the course of January with the club bringing in two recruits to help strengthen the squad. Leandro Trossard was the first to arrive as the Gunners took advantage of his discontent on the south coast to finalise a deal worth up to £27million. Poland international Jakub Kiwior was next to arrive, bringing much-needed defensive reinforcements into the backline. However, Arteta has made clear he would like to bring in at least one new face with midfielders prioritised. The Gunners currently sit five points clear at the top of the Premier League but the Spaniard is still desperate to strengthen as he seeks to win the club’s first title since the Invincible campaign in 2004. Caicedo appears to be the top target. Arsenal have already seen two offers for his services rejected, the latest reaching £70m. The 21-year-old is very keen on the move given the chance to compete for the Premier League however the north Londoners are weighing up whether or not to make another bid. The Seagulls are believed to be holding out for at least £75m for one of their star players but have been publically steadfast in their stance that he is not for sale. Should the deal fail to materialise, Arteta may turn his attention elsewhere. A potential alternative to Caicedo could be Youri Tielemans with 90min reporting that the club are considering a bid. The Gunners have been linked with the Leicester midfielder for some time with his contract expiring at the end of the season and now could be the time the club finally solidify their interest. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart In a surprise development, Chelsea midfielder Jorginho is another who could be on the agenda should Caicedo prove to be unattainable. Like Tielemans, the Italians’ contract expires at the end of the season and could potentially be on the lookout for a new club soon given the impending arrival of Enzo Fernandez. It is not only incomings that could on the agenda too with Arteta willing to sanction departures for some of his fringe players. Right-back Cedric Soares has been a target for Fulham across January and it could be that he finally makes the move on deadline day either permanently or on loan.