Everton boss Frank Lampard is under serious pressure after overseeing a dismal 4-1 defeat to Brighton at Goodison Park on Tuesday. With the former England and Chelsea star's position hanging by a thread, Express Sport takes you through four Toffees players who may suffer if the board decide to pull the trigger... The 29-year-old's impact on Merseyside has generally been positive, establishing himself as a dressing-room leader alongside fellow summer arrival James Tarkowski. Coady has made 16 appearances since signing on a season-long loan from Wolves, which includes a £4.5million option to buy. With Lampard at the helm, that clause looked well on course to being activated but a new manager could opt against spending the extra cash to pursue something different in the transfer market. Worryingly for Coady, there may not be a place for him back at Julen Lopetegui's Wolves as a new contingent of centre-backs find their feet. JUST IN: Man Utd reopen Joao Felix talks, Chelsea's Fernandez delay, Mudryk bid  The former Burnley man had a miserable night against Brighton, which wouldn't give an incoming manager a positive impression if Lampard is axed. Signed for £20m during the summer, Everton may have to take a financial hit if the managerial replacement decides to go in a different direction with McNeil struggling for goals and assists in blue. Still, at 23 years old he remains one the club's most saleable assets which could push him further towards the exit door, and he showed enough with the Clarets to warrant the hefty transfer fee and catch the attention of England U21s, with whom he won 10 caps. DON'T MISS...Four Chelsea stars who could see Blues career ended by Enzo FernandezArsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rabiot 'receives massive offerLiverpool 'target' Kim Min-jae to give Van Dijk new partner in crime The crux of Everton's problems stems from a lack of potency in attack and, in his few months at Goodison Park, Maupay has failed to prove that he is the answer. Even Dominic Calvert-Lewin looks a shadow of his former self, suggesting that the Toffees may have to work towards a radical reshuffle to get things moving in front of goal. Maupay signed from Brighton during the summer on a three-year contract but a new managerial appointment could see his stint on Merseyside cut short, having scored just one league goal in 13 appearances. Big things were expected of the 24-year-old when he made his Everton debut as a teenager back in 2016. While he enjoyed early momentum, his Toffees career has fizzled out instead of kicking on. Davies started in place of the suspended Amadou Onana in midfield against Brighton but failed to impact the game and was hauled off before the final whistle. With his contract expiring at the end of the season, any new boss would have little incentive to extend the midfielder's deal and keep him at Goodison Park.