Prince Harry admitted he would look up stories written about wife Meghan Markle at the start of their relationship during an interview on US television. During his appearance on The Late Show, Harry said he spent too much time on the internet as he condemned the press in his book Spare and Netflix documentary. The Duke has been doing a media tour since the release of his book on Tuesday. Harry told Stephen Colbert: "The way that I look at it now, I was obsessed. I was specifically looking for stories about my wife so that I could educate myself on the opinions that were happening, and things that were being said, so that I could try to fix it. "Now, for me, I have weaned myself off that, because I was slightly addicted to it. And now I have a digital diet. And as much I worry about what I put in my mouth, I worry about what I put through my eyes as well. "And my life is so much better for it." Harry's relationship with Meghan was put under the microscope when the pair began dating in 2016.   During Harry's interview with Mr Colbert, he said he believed the media was deliberately targeting his relationship with the military. Mr Colbert — who once described the royal family as "a group of inbred, gin-soaked, jumped-up medieval gangsters" — asked why the world was still so fascinated with the institution. Harry said his mother, Diana, brought greater attention to the royals. He then addressed the media’s interest in his wife, the Duchess of Sussex. During the couple's Netflix documentary, Harry made a surprise revelation that he attributed his wife's miscarriage to an article written by the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Meghan's bridesmaid dress tailor breaks silence on row with Kate The couple were engaged in legal action over the paper reproducing in February 2019 a letter that Meghan had sent to her estranged father, Thomas Markle. Harry says: "I believe my wife suffered a miscarriage because of what the Mail did. I watched the whole thing. Now, do we absolutely know that the miscarriage was caused by that? Of course we don’t. "But bearing in mind the stress that caused, the lack of sleep and the timing of the pregnancy – how many weeks in she was – I can say from what I saw, that miscarriage was created by what they were trying to do to her." Meghan’s friend, Abigail Spencer, describes watching the duchess fall to the floor while she was holding her son, Archie, in her new home, having said "I’m having a lot of pain". DON'T MISS:Harry's 'attack' tipped to make William and Kate's family 'stronger' [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan may lose Netflix renewal as couple 'lose mystique' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry claims Palace in campaign to undermine Megxit memoir [ANALYSIS]  Meghan’s lawyer, Jenny Afia, says in the documentary that the case was taking a huge toll on Meghan. Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland, said "I thought she was brave and courageous. But that doesn’t surprise me because she is brave and courageous." The duchess goes on to say in the programme: "When I reveal things that are moments of vulnerability, when it comes to having a miscarriage and maybe having felt ashamed about that, like, it’s ok, you’re human, it’s ok to talk about that. "And I could make the choice to never talk about those things, or I could make the choice to say with all the bad that comes with this, the good is being able to help other people. That’s the point of life, right, is connection and community like that." 