Chelsea have renewed belief they can sign midfielder Enzo Fernandez with Benfica taken aback by the Blues’ latest mega offer, according to reports. The Premier League club have moved ahead of the competition to sign the Argentina World Cup hero by submitting a stunning bid. Benfica had previously insisted that Fernandez would not be sold for less than his eye-watering £106million release clause. The Portuguese giants are due to pay River Plate 25 per cent of any fee they receive for the 21-year-old, so are keen to maximise his price tag. Fernandez was only signed by Benfica six months ago for just £10m. But his performances in the Champions League and for Argentina at the World Cup have caught the eye of Europe’s biggest clubs. Chelsea now believe they can sign the player after submitting a massive offer that has caught Benfica’s senior executives by surprise. The Eagles did not expect a club to offer anywhere near the £105m fee that would automatically prise Fernandez away from Portugal. JUST IN: Chelsea 'can't exploit transfer loophole' in Enzo Fernandez deal That is according to CBS Sports, who report that Chelsea are prepared to pay around £62m (€70m) above Fernandez’s general market value. The value of the most recent bid has not been disclosed. Benfica’s board are split over whether to accept the bid. Chelsea have made their offer with the understanding that Benfica are a ‘selling club’, having received over £1billion in transfer fees since the turn of the century. Fernandez is wanted by Europe’s top clubs but it seems that Chelsea have marched ahead of the competition. He could now leave in January - only six months after Benfica picked him up from River Plate. Liverpool and Manchester United have both been linked with Fernandez but are not believed to have made any offers. Both clubs will improve their midfield over the next 12 months but Liverpool could wait until the summer, while United could prioritise acquiring a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal 'to hijack' Chelsea deal, Mudryk warningCristiano Ronaldo may have ended up at Chelsea under different ownersChelsea learn reason Benfica will only sell Fernandez if clause met Chelsea will be busy in January despite spending a record £280m in the summer. Graham Potter wants to stamp his mark on a squad that has been inconsistent since his September arrival. The big-spending summer business happened under the guidance of former boss Thomas Tuchel, with Potter replacing the German a week after the window slammed shut. Chelsea have already secured the £32m arrival of Monaco defender Benoit Badiashile as well as deals for Christopher Nkunku and David Datro Fofana. Potter has endured a tough first few months in the Stamford Bridge hotseat. The Blues sit ninth in the Premier League prior to Sunday’s clash with Nottingham Forest.