In the latest series of Escape to the Chateau, Dick Strawbridge was faced with another renovation demand from his designer wife Angel Adoree. The mum-of-two was on a mission to create a wedding workshop where she could prepare bouquets of flowers for their upcoming weddings. It may have taken them a long time, but Dick and Angel were thrilled when they saw the renovation come together. Angel beamed as she looked around at the finished room and the hard work that went into it. She said: "This is everything I've ever dreamt of and more." As she inspected the sink, she continued: "The hose coming out, it makes me giggle because it's just so practical." The designer went on to showcase the 100-year-old antique wallpaper, which she had reused in the room as decoration. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan "It's up for debate, isn't it," she said about the wallpaper. "But they're having a wonderful time. Come on, he's proposing there... it's flowers. "I'm sure it must be a sign that this is meant to be the wedding room. It just looks good." As Dick joined his wife, Angel showed him some dried flowers from their own wedding day. He picked up a horseshoe wrapped in ribbon, explaining that the item was "special". Angel looked emotional as she picked up one of the flowers and said: "They're going to take pride of place somewhere." "Wow," Dick said taken aback. "I didn't know you had kept them." "They are dry and quite old now but they're still quite beautiful still," Angel continued as she reflected on their big day. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles cancelled after 14 seasons [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [SPOILERS]Coronation Street's Fiz Stape 'to disappear' as Jennie McAlpine exits [VIDEO] "This came from home," Dick added as he showed the horseshoe. "I know it's lovely," Angel replied as her husband said: "It is quite special." Angel laughed as her engineer husband struggled to unravel the ribbon. As he handed it to his wife, he admitted: "I am out of my depth, I am out of my depth." "If anybody wants flowers done that they get in touch with me," he joked. "I'll sort it out for them." Elsewhere in the programme, Dick aired his disappointment with one of the new wedding suite rooms. The couple decided to stay in all of the guest rooms to check whether there were any faults or problems. However, it didn't take the engineer long to pick up on the shower issue. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All 4.