Some trends come and go, while others stick. In 2023, popular trends already seen in 2022 will still be around, and it is likely many people will want to emulate homes of celebrities, and even royals, that they admire. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s home featured heavily in the zeitgeist in 2022 as they were seen speaking from their home while carrying out interviews, such as Meghan’s The Cut interview.  One of these is the colours the pair have used in their home, as well as the wellness-inspired characteristics, many of which are currently popular within the interior industry. Rebecca discussed the trends with Express.co.uk, saying: “In 2023, bring wellness-inspired design into the home with a calming colour palette. READ MORE: 20 minute task to ‘drastically reduce condensation and dampness’ “Choose a colour like sage green as a stand-in for neutrals to create a spa-like feel. Balance sage green with relaxing touches such as a comfy grey sofa and light-coloured rug. “Perk up the space with plants to improve wellbeing and to add a refreshing touch. This cosy trend has also seen a big jump in popularity on social media with ‘sage green living room’ seeing a 200 percent yearly increase in Pinterest searches.” Another 2023 trend is minimalism – seen all over TikTok, demonstrating its popularity. Rebecca continued: “Create a calm, clutter-free space with the help of double duty pieces. “Choose furniture with hidden storage such as an ottoman bed or console table. This trend is great for small homes and is also budget-friendly as you can do more with less. DON'T MISS:‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with [TIPS]‘Excellent natural cleaner’ that removes yellow stains from pillows [COMMENT] “Besides practical design, minimalist interiors are all about muted tones. Go for neutrals like greige (a combination of grey and beige) to tie this look together. “This trending colour has hit a whopping 28.9 million views on TikTok under the term ‘greige paint’, and is also the colour scheme for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s California mansion.” Harry and Meghan’s home is a perfect example of minimalism because of its lack of clutter, simple wall art, and cream and beige walls. Their house’s theme could also fit into the Japandi trend, which is predicted to be big in 2023 too, according to Rebecca. She added: “This look is all about clean lines and simple design featuring natural materials and soothing neutrals. Start with white walls and mix light and dark woods for a warm, cosy look. READ MORE: Five ‘effective’ tips to keep your home ‘warmer for longer’ for less “For example, contrast a light oak dining table with dark wood dining chairs and accessorise with ceramics or light cotton textures. Japandi’s zen-like style has also won over social media with 81.7 million views on TikTok and a 200 percent increase in yearly Pinterest searches.” Rudolph Diesel, a London based interior designer, also spoke to Express.co.uk about future trends. Interestingly, he disagreed with Rebecca and claimed that the opposite of minimalism is set to be popular in 2023. Instead of looking to Meghan and Harry, homeowners should take inspiration from a completely different royal, according to Rudolph. He said: “While minimalism has been the epitome of modern design over the past decade, 2023 will see the rise of an eclectic, individual approach to interiors, with an emphasis on maximalism. “I expect to see fewer people shopping around for what’s on-trend, or for what they believe will impress their guests – and instead line their homes with their own personal items that have meaning to them without thinking about a distinct theme adhering to any one style. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Think art prints, funky wallpaper or mixing vintage with modern pieces like Princess Anne’s Gatcombe Park home which has a cosy vibe due to a focus on ornaments and chintz fabrics.” Instead of “greige”, Rudolph said he believes much deeper hues to be popular in the future. He explained: “Jewel tones like deep forest greens, ruby reds and deep sapphire blues are set to be popular in 2023 – these colours are a great way to add a sumptuous and elegant feel to your interiors, for even the smallest of spaces. “A tiny bedroom can feel instantly more decadent when painted head to toe in a moody aubergine purple, whereas a kitchen can be transformed into a cosy nook with moody emerald green. “Lean into the jewel theme and contrast these deep colours with pops of metallic golds, silvers and opulent fabrics like velvet for the ultimate luxurious vibe.”