An “accomplished forger and fraudster” from Burnley spent 20 years posing as a qualified psychiatrist and picked up over £1 million from the NHS, a court has heard. Zholia Alemi, thought to be 60-years-old, is alleged by prosecutors to have tricked the General Medical Council in Manchester into giving her a doctor’s registration. Ms Alemi has been charged with over a dozen offences from between September 1995 and June 2017. During that period this time, the woman held posts and was paid as a doctor by NHS trusts “across the length and breadth of the country”, prosecutors claim. Ms Alemi claimed she received a doctor’s qualification in 1992 from the University of Auckland. But the prosecution alleges Ms Alemi never passed a six-year Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBChB) needed to become a doctor. READ MORE: Boris asks Tories to fight ‘for a low tax global Britain’ On the opening of the trial in Manchester Crown Court, Christopher Stables said: "She is a most accomplished forger and fraudster, but . . . has no qualification that would allow her to be called, or in any way to be properly regarded as, a doctor." He also offered a “conservative estimate” of the amount she allegedly defrauded of “somewhere between £1million and £1.3million”. According to official documents from the University of Auckland, she enrolled in the institution in 1988 and completed a Bachelor of Human Biology but never completed a MBChB. The woman, who enrolled on the course after her first degree, failed her second year because of poor performance and was not allowed to repeat the year or complete the course, the court heard. She received her qualification after she applied to be a doctor in the UK using the General Medical Council’s “Commonwealth Route” and then obtained work through either the NHS or recruitment agencies. Mr Stables added: “The genuine degree certificate for the Bachelor of Human Biology degree is the basis for the forgery for the Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery degree. “The certificate says that she graduated in May 1992. In truth, in May 1992, she had only been on the 3-year course for 2 months of the first year. She decided to achieve by forgery what she had failed to achieve by academic study.” There were also several mistakes on her letter of verification. For one, she incorrectly labelled the author of the letter. She said it was from Susan Cathersides although she had moved to a different post at the time when the document was created.  The court heard that Ms Alemi’s positions ranged from locum positions to permanent posts. In 2019, police raided a property owned by Alemi in Omagh, County Tyrone. On the premises, they found what was described as a “forger’s kit”. In the opening statement, Stables said an expert witness in the trial would be showing evidence of items used, such as dry transfer letters from WHSmith and blank degree documents, to help create her fake degree certificate. He claimed Ms Alemi’s motive was “irrelevant”. He said it does not matter whether she was desperate to become a doctor as the money she obtained was acquired dishonestly. Ms Alemni denies the allegations and the trial continues. 