He opted out of royal life – branding his family and the British people racists befire he left – so why should he be invited to Charles’ coronation, the father he slated as a bad parent? This poisonous snitch has spent two years heaping horse manure onto a family he’s supposed to love and an institution he clearly hates. So why invite him? Is it for appearances sake so the family can look like it’s not being petty or spiteful? Because I’m sorry, but inviting Harry doesn’t make them look dignified, it makes them look weak and stupid. It’s like they’re saying, “Go on Harry – humiliate us some more.” The truth is, if Harry and Meghan did come, it would simply be to gather material for Netflix and the US TV networks, so Harry could whinge about how awful everyone had been to him. A royal source says: “The family will extend the invitation but it would be very hard for Harry and Meghan to be there given everything that’s been said in the interviews and the book.” Are they kidding? It hasn’t been the vaguest bit hard for him to launch his vitriolic attacks on his family and the monarchy. It wasn’t hard to come to the funerals of the Duke of Edinburgh or the Queen. It wasn’t hard for him to be monstrously cruel about his family. “The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there,” says the source. Sorry, but these sources need their heads looking at. Have they not read the book, watched the docos, seen the interviews? Expecting Harry to “do the decent thing” is folly because he no longer knows what the decent thing is.   What does Harry actually have to do before the Royal Family and Palace finally say: “Enough!” The only thing that will stop him blabbing about the monarchy is if he’s kept away from it. Forever! Anyway, the Coronation is not a family event, it’s a State event – bought and paid for by the British people. The royals shouldn’t have the final say on who comes. In 1953 Winston Churchill banned Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson from Queen Elizabeth’s coronation precisely because it was a state occasion. And those two hadn’t spent years trashing the family and the monarchy for money. Other reasons to ban him – his presence would turn the Coronation into a circus, him being there would pose an increased security risk in the light of his Taliban “kills” revelations. And he cannot be trusted not to weaponise and monetise everything he sees and hears. That’s why he shouldn’t be there. If he comes, Blabbermouth won’t be capable of not trying to further damage an institution he was clearly never fit to be part of!  The BBC used to be famed for truth, honesty, integrity. Today it’s infamous for protecting paedophiles (Savile) for covering up lies from dodgy reporters (Martin Bashir) and for its shocking lack of impartiality. Now it’s given a platform (a ten part podcast) to terrorist Shamima Begum to tell the “truth of what really happened” during her heady ISIS days when she was sewing terrified suicide bombers into their explosive vests and patrolling the streets with a Kalashnikov as a member of ISIS’s morality police, unfazed, in her own words, at seeing severed heads in bins. How dare the BBC spend OUR money being an apologist for this vile woman and allowing her to justify why she joined a band of terrorists hellbent on destroying the West. Has it not occurred to gullible Lefties at the BBC, who claim this podcast will be “a robust, public interest investigation” (hah!), that Begum will say anything to escape her Syrian refugee camp and get back to Britain where forevermore her life will be funded by taxpayers? This podcast isn’t just an insult to licence fee payers, it’s an insult to the victims of ISIS’s savagery. Begum’s citizenship was revoked by then Home Secretary Sajid Javid who would have seen intelligence on Begum which informed his decision that she was a danger. In the first episode, Begum’s “truth” amounts to her belief that the public’s anger isn’t directed at her – but at ISIS. No, missy it’s very much directed at you! And she describes the biggest “tragedy” as her not being able to get her favourite Mint Aero in Syria. So, in Shamina’s world, THAT’s a tragedy. Not the men whose severed heads she saw, not those who were burned in cages, nor the women and children who were raped then buried alive. Never mind our national broadcaster, the BBC is fast becoming our national shame.  How much of the $20million Prince Harry trousered for Spare will he be giving to charity? The man who’s forever banging on about helping others really needs to tell us. We’ve heard every other cough and spit of his pathetic life – the frostbitten penis, the mental torture of being pushed onto a dog bowl, Wills getting a bigger bedroom than him – so why not this?When Tony Blair published his memoir he gave all profits and the £4.6million advance to the Royal British Legion. Maybe Harry should donate the spoils of his treachery to military charities. It’s the least he could do having betrayed and disrespected those soldiers he fought alongside and for the pain and fear he’s inflicted on their families having told the world about his “kill” count. In A new poll for GB News, the public has demanded that Lady Susan Hussey get her job back. And so she should. It’s time Brits kicked back against the vile cancel culture which saw an 83-year-old woman who had loyally served the Queen and the Royal Family for decades denounced around the world as a racist – when she clearly isn’t. Brits are sick to the back teeth of a handful of spiteful trolls and activists trashing the careers and reputations of decent people who THEY’VE decided have made a mistake. Enough now. As for Lady Susan – I’m thrilled she’s been vindicated by the British public. The shame of the vicious hate campaign against her would have destroyed her final years and eradicated a career of service of which she should be proud!  I’ve heard some humdinger excuses for being caught drunk driving but Foyle’s War star Honeysuckle Weeks came up with a cracker this week when she told a court she’d driven twice over the limit to escape being pressured into a threesome. She’d been having a drink with a male friend who’d invited her to stay overnight and then, unexpectedly, invited his lover over as well. Not sure why Honeysuckle thought that meant she was going to be forced to have sex with them – it could have been just to share a curry. But if that WAS the case, she could have said a very forceful “No thanks”, she could have called a cab, the police or left. Anything but get into a car and drive blotto. Worthing Magistrates didn’t buy it either and took Ms Weeks’ licence away for 20 months.  Unilever, the maker of Lux, reckons its over-scented soap will “inspire women to rise above sexism and express their beauty and femininity unapologetically”. Are the people in the marketing department on psychedelic drugs? They’re selling soap for God’s sake – the stuff that cleans your lady bits and your sweaty armpits. Companies like Unilever need to realise this kind of loony wokery puts people off buying their products because it treats punters like morons. Me? I’ll never buy their soap again – there’s clearly something in the water where it’s made that makes employees spout snowflakey twaddle!! 