Brexit Britain has signed a defence pact with Japan in an attempt to strengthen relationships with Asia and the Pacific. The agreement enable the UK and Japan to deploy forces in each other's countries as fears grow over China's powerful influence. The war in Ukraine has led to the UK Government reassessing its position on the global stage as China and Russia appear to be building an anti-Western alliance. Talks between the two leaders will happen in London where the UK's bid to join the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership will be discussed, with Britain hoping to be admitted to the bloc this year. The free trade bloc includes Canada, Japan, Mexico and Chile as members, however some members of the Conservative party have expressed reservations about the move. Former Environment Secretary George Eustice warned that joining could leave the country vulnerable to legal challenges that would undermine its farming sector and environmental rules.  Mr Eustice has also criticised the UK's free trade agreement with Australia as "actually not a very good deal". He fears that be joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership would see Canada challenge Britain's ban on hormone-treated beef. Mr Sunak and Mr Kishida will sign the deal at the Tower of London, with the focus being on a "reciprocal access" deal for both countries.  READ MORE: Putin prepares to blast Ukraine with nuke-capable 'Sledgehammer' Ahead of the meeting the PM said the two countries were "accelerating, building and deepening" ties, adding that they had a "shared outlook" on the world and global threats. The UK, Japan and Italy together launched the Global Combat Air Programme last month with the aim of developing a "next-generation fighter aircraft" by 2035. No. 10 said the programme would increase the "advanced military capability of each three countries.  DON'T MISS:Harry hails Dutch and Norwegian royals as modern royals [LATEST]Prince Harry takes part in comedy sketch with Tom Hanks  [REVEAL]Prince Harry confesses to watching and 'fact-checking' Crown [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Sunak said: "This reciprocal access agreement is hugely significant for both our nations — it cements our commitment to the Indo-Pacific and underlines our joint efforts to bolster economic security, accelerate our defence co-operation and drive innovation that creates highly skilled jobs. "In this increasingly competitive world, it is more important than ever that democratic societies continue to stand shoulder to shoulder as we navigate the unprecedented global challenges of our time." According to Downing Street, issues such as Japan's presidency of the G7 and more support for Ukraine will also be up for discussion. 