Love Island host Maya Jama might be a worldwide traveller, but she wasn't afraid to let the world know about her roots, after the Bristol-born beauty showed off her accent in a new video. The 28-year-old, who also has both Somalian and Swedish ancestry but was born in the West Country, told fans that they couldn't "take Bristol out of the girl". In a new video uploaded to the presenter's Instagram account, she can be seen in the back of a car boasting of her loyalty to Bristol. She told a friend: "One thing I will say to you is that you can take the girl out of Bristol, but you can’t take Bristol out of the girl. I’ll tell you that for free!" Adding some colloquial slang, she continued: "Straight facts. Brizzeeerrss! If you don’ts understand what I’m saying in that last slaps, then I ain’t for you!" Fans responded positively, with some declaring her the "Queen of the city". READ NOW: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender Others added that they had made them indulge in a moment of pride for their home town, while some followers simply praised her looks. One even exclaimed: "I feel for every islander going forward because its gonna be tough topping the host!" Maya is the host of the latest Love Island series, which began on January 16 and is set in South Africa. She was delighted to have won the gig, admitting that she'd been a "massive fan" of the ITV show from the beginning. However, speaking from Johannesburg where Love Island is currently filming, she told Vogue that she doubted she'd ever have signed up as a contestant herself. "I don’t think I’ve ever been single long enough to go on a dating show!" she joked. Yet she conceded: "If they had asked me in my early twenties, I probably would have been like, yeah, why not?" She added that if she had been a contestant, she'd probably have been a hybrid of "outspoken" former show stars Maura Higgins and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu.  In the same interview, she added that she is trying her best to do "justice" to everyone with her show appearances. "I’m super grateful for all of those people that were screaming my name on Twitter over those years – that is literally the reason I’m here!" she exclaimed. "I just want to be what they want me to be." Meanwhile, Maya has recently clarified that she is now free and single in spite of rumours that she had reignited her former relationship with rapper Stormzy. The musician previously wrote a song called Birthday Girl, especially for her. Maya had also appeared in his 2017 music video Big For Your Boots and Stormzy told the Sunday Mirror soon afterwards that he was planning to propose. However, the relationship was not to be in the long term, after Maya told the same publication that she feared their youth had been responsible for the split. "We were so young when we met, just beginning our careers. I was starting at MTV. He'd not even released a single at that point. We were just little babies," she reflected.