Singer Rita Ora, 32, and director Taika Waititi, 47, started dating in March 2021 but only went public with their romance months later. In a similar chain of events, Rita has just confirmed they got married in a secret ceremony late last year. She said on Heart Breakfast: “I am officially off the market people! “I chose to keep it more private and keep it to myself more but with my new video I am playing on what could have been.” Rita also took a moment to clarify that her video doesn’t depict the opposite of her wedding day per se. She gushed about her wedding: “It was perfect. It was exactly, exactly how I wanted.” READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, struggles to contain assets as they threaten to spill out of tiny dress  While the ceremony itself, in the name of privacy, was small and intimate, the singer promised to have a much larger soiree. She continued: “It is nice to keep some things just to myself sometimes. It was nice and sweet… One day I will throw a big party." Rita confirmed the news in light of her new music video set to drop at 1pm today. The singer has been open about the wedding-themed video for quite some time, although each new promotion sent fans into a frenzy. One particular clip the singer shared earlier this week led many to believe Rita and Taika would be getting married this weekend. Rita’s video showed some of her invited guests genuinely wishing her luck for her “big day”, with some apologising for not being able to make it. The clip featured Rita’s famous friends, Addison Rae, Chelsea Handler, Lindsay Lohan, Jodie Smith and Kristen Stewart. Despite their “perfect day”, the singer admitted there are still some parts of their new marriage to be figured out.  She said on the radio show: “I have definitely thought about taking his surname but I have worked very hard for this Ora name. “I don't know… I haven't really decided yet." The singer revealed that while her fans may have many questions about her new relationship status, she reassured them: “The music does all the talking. It explains my love story which is on the album." Rita’s third album coming out later this year is her first since 2018.  The pair reportedly grew close when they both happened to be spending time in Sydney, Australia. Ever since the adorable couple have been able to keep their relationship relatively private, but still delight fans with the odd insight. At the end of December, Taika posted a short clip to his Instagram as he and Rita walked through what appeared to be an airport. Rita, almost entirely covered in a dark coat, cap, large sunglasses and a mask, questioned with some concern: “Do you think anyone will recognise me?” Taika reassured the singer saying, “You’re good” as she continued to walk, revealing her bright yellow and red bag with the word “RITA” splashed across it. 