Manchester United have reportedly put four players up for sale in a bid to raise funds for Erik ten Hag to spend in the January transfer window. The Dutchman is understood to only have a limited budget available to him to strengthen his squad this month, but he will be allowed to add to the club's coffers by offloading some unwanted players. The Dutchman has operated shrewdly in the market so far after spending £220million in the summer transfer window. Antony, Casemiro and Lisandro Martinez have proved to be popular signings with the United faithful, while Christian Eriksen - who arrived on a free transfer from Brentford - has been a stellar acquisition. Ten Hag is keen to add more players to his squad with Marcus Thuram on his list but, with the transfer fund nearly empty and the Glazers not looking to invest their own money as they are exploring selling the club, he will need to raise the money himself by selling off his fringe players. According to The Athletic, there are four players that will be made available for transfer this month. Phil Jones is the first who would be allowed to go after struggling for first-team opportunities and injury problems, which have hampered the central defender in recent years. READ MORE: Ten Hag warns Glazers against 'burning money' on striker  Jones has been with the club since 2011, but the 30-year-old has made only four Premier League appearances since February 2020. He will be given permission to depart ahead of the final six months of his deal after penning a four-year contract in 2019, although a sale has been rated as 'difficult'. Axel Tuanzebe is likely to join him in making a long-anticipated exit after being sidelined since July with an injury sustained in pre-season. Aaron Wan-Bissaka's gradual decline in stature at Old Trafford means he could be sold in January. The 25-year-old was signed for £50m back in 2019 from Crystal Palace but has lost his starting spot to Diogo Dalot. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'set price to seal Felix transfer' with three exits on cardsTen Hag gives Casemiro, Wan-Bissaka verdicts as Man Utd beat BurnleyMan Utd flop Jones has made eye-watering sum in just 13 games Wan-Bissaka has since returned to the side due to the Portuguese's injury, but he could still could leave with 'several clubs' interested, which could include a return to Palace. Likewise, Brandon Williams featured in the 2-0 Carabao Cup win over Burnley in December but the academy graduate may agree to depart in search of regular football. As a promising 22-year-old full-back who can operate on either flank, United believe that can generate a respectable fee. Ten Hag has made no secret of the fact he is searching for a striker after Cristiano Ronaldo's departure in November and selling the quartet could make it happen. "I think we have a good team when all the players are available. But with many games coming up, I think there is a need [for a striker]," he said. Goncalo Ramos, Randal Kolo Muani and Joao Felix have all been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford, while the Red Devils missed out on Cody Gakpo as the Netherlands star decided to join Liverpool in a £50m deal. And selling off players such as Wan-Bissaka and Williams would go some way to adding money to the pot, with the potential to raise around £40m in total.