Harry has come under fire after it was revealed the Duke is scheduled to speak at an "immersive two-day summit" for business leaders where tickets cost an eye-watering $995. Responding to the announcement, Washington-based royal commentator Nile Gardiner wrote on Twitter: "Attacking the Royal Family is big business for Harry." The Duke of Sussex will attend the event in Nob Hill, San Francisco, on March 7 and 8 in his role as Chief Impact Officer for BetterUp, who are playing host. Harry has served as Chief Impact Officer for the coaching platform since March 2021, taking on the job after stepping back from royal duties and relocating to California with his wife, Meghan Markle. The conference, titled Uplift, will "feature the exchange of ideas and inspirational conversations delivering unparalleled insights for leaders around talent retention, growth and how to best enable managers to lead high-performing teams through the current climate of change and uncertainty". The event's website adds: "The event will also explore the latest trends in AI, research around resilient workforces, the intersection of wellbeing and performance, and ultimately how to foster human transformation at scale." It is not yet clear what Prince Harry will discuss during his appearance. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'might as well live in Iowa’ say nonplussed Montecito locals The Duke appears in the line-up of speakers alongside a description that reads: "Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex is a husband, father, humanitarian, military veteran, mental wellness advocate, and environmentalist. "As co-founder of Archewell, he is focused on driving systemic change across all communities through non-profit work as well as creative activations. The mission across Archewell—which currently includes Archewell Foundation, Archewell Productions, and Archewell Audio—is united behind the deeply held belief that compassion is the defining cultural force of the 21st century. "Prince Harry has dedicated his life’s work to advancing causes that he is passionate about. He is the Founder of The Invictus Games, a platform for wounded, injured and sick service personnel to use sport as part of their rehabilitation, as well as Travalyst, a non-profit entity comprised of several of the largest online travel agencies in the world. "Additionally, he co-founded Sentebale with his dear friend Prince Seeiso of Lesotho, in memory of their mothers’ charitable work in combating the HIV crisis, and serves as President of African Parks, a non-governmental organization focused on protecting Africa’s ecosystems in partnership with local communities and governments." DON'T MISSMum faces 27 years in jail after leaving son on river bank [REPORT]Father and son break state record after landing huge catch [INSIGHT]Suspects fillmed 'laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim [LATEST]  Other guests scheduled to speak include Adam Grant, Issa Rae, Robin Arzón, Josh Bersin, Alexi Robichaux, David Chang, Dr Martin E.P. Seligman, PhD, Dr Myron Rolle, Laura Fuentes, Scott Barry Kaufman, Quinetta Roberson, PhD, and BetterUp behavioral scientists, as well as CHROs and leaders from Hilton, Chevron, UKG, the Federal Aviation Administration, the US Navy and the US Air Force. The event will be Harry's latest media outing following the release of his tell-all memoir, Spare. Spare is packed with revelations about the Royal Family, such as his physical altercation with Prince William and the critical portrayal of his stepmother Camilla, Queen of Consort. The eye-watering sums involved in his book deal have sparked criticism. READ MORE: Meghan's 'theatrical' response to Harry suggests 'she runs the whole show', says expert Harry and Meghan have reportedly signed a four-book deal with publishing giant Penguin Random House for an advanced fee of $20million. "Trashing the Royal Family is big business for Harry and Meghan," Mr Gardiner tweeted in response. Commercial gain has come at the cost of public opinion, polls suggest. Harry's popularity appears to be waning on both sides of the pond. The drop has been particularly steep in the US, where the couple have historically enjoyed a higher favourability rating than in the UK. Prior to publication, Harry had a favourability rating of +38, according to a December 5 poll of 2,000 US voters for Newsweek. As of January 16, this had plunged to -7.