Decades may have passed since the devastation of Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party took its firm grip on Germany, but the impact of the despicable tyrant's regime of death remains as fierce and widely discussed as it was those many years ago. Millions of people died at the hands of Hitler, who ruled Germany until his death in 1945, taking his own life as World War Two drew to a close and his defeat was absolute. And on this day 90 years ago, Hitler's real move to domination began as he was elected Chancellor of Germany. Despite holding the most seats in the Reichstag, the traditional corridors of power in Berlin, Hitler's place as Chancellor was questioned, including by then-President Paul von Hindenburg, who was hesitant to appoint the popular politician to the post. Yet, even with such an influential position in Germany's government, Hitler's true calling was yet to be cemented. Four weeks after he was officially appointed Chancellor on January 30, 1933, a devastating blaze set the wheels in motion for Hitler's Nazi dictatorship to become a reality. The fire tore through the Reichstag on February 28, condemning the building to a burning wreck. Who exactly was responsible for the Reichstag fire has been a question for historians and the authorities ever since. The supposed man behind the attack was the Dutch communist, and bricklayer, Marinus van der Lubbe. Due to Mr van der Lubbe's beliefs, Hitler used this political leaning to his advantage, telling his colleagues and the public that the fire proved communists were plotting against the government. The backlash was quick and brutal. Mr von Hindenburg soon passed the Reichstag Fire Decree, which severely curtailed the liberties and rights of German citizens. Shortly before 9pm on the fateful February day, an alarm call was made to alert people that the building was on fire. The Chamber of Deputies, the Reichstag's lower house, was engulfed in flames by the time firefighters and police arrived. Hitler, according to the Smithsonian magazine in 2017, told one of his closest allies that the blaze was "a God-given signal", adding: "If this fire, as I believe, is the work of the communists, then we must crush out this murderous pest with an iron fist." JUST IN: Posh school apologises after children performed ‘Nazi salutes’ Mr van der Lubbe was located in the building and arrested. During his trial, it was alleged that Mr van der Lubbe had acted on behalf of a communist conspiracy, though some left-wing anti-Nazis argued Hitler and his henchman had in fact engineered the whole blaze to flare up political tensions. A year after his eventual conviction Mr van der Lubbe was killed. According to the March 6, 1933 edition of TIME, the arson came during "a campaign of unparalleled violence and bitterness" in the streets of Germany turning the Reichstag "as famous throughout Germany as is the dome of the Capitol in Washington among US citizens" into "a glowing hodge-podge of incandescent girders". Across the airwaves of German radio, Herman Wilhelm Göring, the Minister of Interior for Prussia, declared that the fire was "the signal for the outbreak of civil war", claiming those responsible committed "their dastardly acts disguised as units of our own Nazi Storm Troops and the Stahlhelm". DON'T MISS:Kanye West’s antisemitism has reached dangerous new heights [INSIGHT]Nazi bunker with gun stations hits the market for just £40,000 [LATEST]Wreck of ‘sub that helped Hitler escape’ may not be what it seems [ANALYSIS] He continued: "The women and children of high Government officials were to have been kidnapped as hostages and used in the civil war as ‘living shields’. "The Communists had organized to poison food… and burn down granaries throughout the Reich… They planned to use every kind of weapon—even hot water, knives and forks and boiling oil. "From all these horrors we have saved the Fatherland! We want to state clearly that the measures taken are not a mere defence against Communism. Ours is a fight to the finish until Communism has been absolutely uprooted in Germany!" The Reichstag Fire Decree helped Hitler shape his plan, allowing him to begin eliminating political opponents who attempted to halt his relentless plot for domination. It allowed him, and his government, to override individual rights that were afforded to them by law, as well as giving him emergency powers to change legislation without the backing of his parliamentary colleagues. Less than three months after his unveiling as Chancellor, Hitler was able to build his first concentration camp at Dachau, a site responsible for the deaths of at least 41,000 people, and imprisoning a further 150,000. The Austrian-born despot's rise to power was complete by August 1934, when Mr von Hindenburg died aged 86 as a result of lung cancer. This saw Hitler merge his role as Chancellor with the President's to become the Führer of Germany.