Tennis star Stefanos Tsitsipas endeared himself to fans in Melbourne after using some Australian slang and appearing to put on an accent after winning his first round match against Quentin Halys. Tsistsipas is among the favourites to win this year's Australian Open, having reached the semi-finals three times in the last four years. And the World No. 4 appeared to pulled a Joey Barton by adopting a mock Australian accent at the start of his post-match interview. During his stint on loan at Marseille in 2012, Barton notably put on a faux-French accent in a press conference. While Barton's accent was an unfortunate mishap, Tsitsipas' apparent attempt was clearly a joke as he also used some local slang terms in his interview. "Crikey, that was a ripsnorter mate," he began. "I'm really glad to be playing flat out, like a lizard in the water. JUST IN: Boris Becker has Nick Kyrgios theory after Australian Open withdrawal "I'm going full in [on the slang], I'm committing... I'm happy I got the biscuit in the end, so it was great. I'm happy to be back in Australia, it's one of my favourite places to be playing tennis. "I'm committing to the slang, I don't do that often when I travel but when I'm back here I'm really liking my time playing tennis, getting to see some of my cousins and feel like home here. "It's great being back, it's great getting support like this. It was challenging, he came up with some good tennis towards the end of the third set. DON'T MISSMcEnroe risks irking Nadal by weighing in on retirement after ZverevAus Open conspiracy theory surfaces as 'curse' strikes down playersInside Becker's 'brutal' jail time as German returns to TV at Aus Open "I kind of lost my rhythm on the serve. I wasn't expecting to get broken twice, so I had to find ways to kind of get out of there, this difficult situation. "I think my fighting spirit showed that towards the end. I wasn't going to give up and even though I faced difficult situations in the tie-break, being down in the score, I got some good crowd support and we came back and won this together."