Meghan and Harry have been branded "bitterly jealous" of Prince William and Kate Middleton by a royal expert. The comments come following reports that Harry's new book Spare will be highly critical of the heir to the throne and his wife. Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal expert Kinsey Schofield laid bare her thoughts on the relationship between the Sussexes and the Prince and Princess of Wales. "I believe that Harry and Meghan are bitterly jealous of the Prince and Princess of Wales," Ms Schofield said. She claimed that when Prince Harry was younger he told several people, including his mother Princess Diana, "he wanted to be King". Ms Schofield also took aim at the Sussexes for failing to acknowledge that much of their popularity has derived from their position within the Firm. "People weren't lining up in the streets to meet Meghan Markle from Suits. They wanted to meet Prince Harry's girlfriend and wife," she said.  The ToDiForDaily founder added: "[Meghan and Harry] failed to acknowledge that the public loved them thanks to a platform that the institution gave the both of them." Prince William and Kate Middleton's "issues" with Meghan didn't come from a place of "jealousy", according to Ms Schofield, but rather a different set of "values". "William and Catherine's issues with Meghan had nothing to do with jealousy. Their values were just dramatically different than Meghan Markle's," Ms Schofield claimed. Recent reports have claimed that Prince William and Kate Middleton will face criticism in Prince Harry's upcoming memoir, Spare. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'epitome of narcissistic generation' - commentator  Publishers have promised that the book has been written with "raw, unflinching honesty". Its publishing follows Netflix's release of the Sussexes' docuseries Harry & Meghan. The six part series details Meghan and Harry's relationships as well as their struggles with the Firm and the media following Meghan's entrance into the Royal Family. It was released in two three episode parts on December 8 and 15 of last year. With Prince Harry's memoir set to drop next week, there has been speculation that Meghan could be looking to write her own memoir. Ms Schofield thinks that Meghan likely intends to put her own story to paper. She said: "Meghan will write a book. Hopefully, she leans into leadership or philanthropy and gives the victim narrative a rest because American media outlets are turning on them now too." 