Arsenal could solve their burning desire to recruit attacking reinforcements for just £8.5million while also disrupting Chelsea's transfer plans in the process. The Gunners have been forced to return to the drawing board in the past few days after top target Mykhaylo Mudryk signed for their London rivals in a blockbuster £88m transfer deal. Arsenal had been increasingly confident of landing Mudryk before the dramatic twist which has left Edu scanning the market for possible alternatives. Yet one name that is yet to have been linked to Arsenal that could prove to be an incredibly worthwhile solution is available at a cut price this month. France star Marcus Thuram is now in the final six months of his Borussia Monchengladbach contract and the Bundesliga side are reportedly ready to consider offers for as little as £8.5m this January to avoid losing him on a free transfer. Thuram is said to be keen to see out the remainder of his deal in Germany but he is free to negotiate with other clubs as we speak. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE He ticks multiple boxes for Mikel Arteta in the sense that he is 25, tactically versatile and also vastly experienced having just featured at the World Cup with France. The French forward can play on either flank and also centrally meaning he could prove to be a major asset for Arsenal if they were bold enough to make their move. Prior to signing Mudryk, Chelsea had also entered talks to sign Thuram in a bid to fend off potential transfer rivals. In terms of affordability and quality, Thuram is currently one of the most attractive options on the market. DON'T MISSArsenal decide next move as Mykhaylo Mudryk faces embarrassment after Chelsea hijackArsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh transfer saga twistArsenal have already encountered Mykhaylo Mudryk problem with alternative transfer target That's why it comes as a surprise that Arsenal have not at least explored the terms of a deal as they move onto alternative names. The Gunners have a rich history with French players, particularly during the Arsene Wenger era, and Thuram is the kind of profile that fits Arteta's current project. He is also seeking to make the next step in his career and this could be the perfect move for both player and club - even if the January market is never straightforward. It's not currently clear whether Chelsea's interest in Thuram has cooled but with Callum Hudson-Odoi, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech all facing uncertain futures at the club, there could certainly be room to sign more forwards in the next six months. Thuram is highly rated by the Chelsea hierarchy and had they not moved for Mudryk, it's almost certain that the Blues would have closed a deal by now. Another option for Arsenal that would also disrupt Chelsea's recruitment plans is Noni Madueke of PSV. The talented Englishman is believed to be available for around £30m and can play on either flank. Madueke is a former Tottenham academy graduate but that is unlikely to stop him from showing interest in the chance to return home to London following an eye-catching spell in Holland. It must be noted that both players would significantly improve Arsenal's current options - denting Chelsea's recruitment plans would simply be a welcome bonus as opposed to the primary motive.