Coronation Street's Max Turner (played by Paddy Beaver) recently ended up in hospital after a bomb went off in the back of a car during a camping trip with "friend" Griff Reynolds (Michael Condron). Despite the incident, Max continues to look up to Griff and follow in his footsteps despite his parents David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) and Shona Platt's (Julia Goulding) reluctance. Official spoilers reveal that things take a turn for Max, with Coronation Street boss Iain McLeod teasing the climax of the storyline. In upcoming scenes, Lily Platt (Brooke Malonie) sits with her new earpods in, watching one of Max’s far-right propaganda videos. Lily shows the propaganda video to Eliza Woodrow (Savannah Kunyo) and promises to send her a link, however, the link is intercepted by an angry Stu Carpenter (Bill Fellows). Stu calls round to the Platt's with Eliza’s laptop and shows a shocked David and Shona the video. Elsewhere, as Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) is planning to rebrand the Christmas market as a Peace festival, Griff orders Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) to meet him at his flat. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold Griff is leading Spider to believe he is planning something for Maria’s meeting at the Town Hall when the latter later gets a message from Max asking him to meet urgently. Has Max finally come to his senses and asking for Spider's help to get away from Griff? Or has he learnt some nasty tricks from his tutor? Later, Spider comes face to face with Griff who knocks him out cold with a crowbar and leaves him in the alleyway behind the houses. Maria, Alya Nazir (Sair Khan), Yasmeen Metcalfe (Shelley King), Daryan Zahawi (Twana Omer), Stu and Gary Windass (Mickey North) set up the stalls at the Peace Market. Having been told by Griff and the gang that the Speed Daal van is now at the bottom of the canal, Max is concerned when he sees it back on Victoria Street. When Lauren takes a call from her Dad, warning her to steer well away from the market today, a worried Max reckons they should call the police and warn people. After a successful operation, Spider regains consciousness and stumbles home, leaving Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) concerned for his health. After a conversation about his safety, Toyah assures him that she’ll learn to put up with the dangers of his job as she can’t live without him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale couple torn apart by newcomer as fans 'work out' affair [INSIGHT]Alice in Borderland season 2 ending explained as Joker card is at play [WATCH]Death in Paradise’s Darlene pays tribute to ‘brilliant’ Les Dennis [LATEST] Coronation Street boss Iain McLeod teased how the radicalisation storyline will come to a head, and revealed that Max is able to turn his life around and return to his family. He told Express.co.uk and other press: "By the time we get to start with 2023, Max is well and truly been groomed and is now even more estranged from his family than he has been. "I think it's fair to say, he will, over the course of 2023 realize the error of his ways and a lot of what we're doing after that is about him, kind of being de-programmed and unbrainwashed, I suppose. "There's a redemption for him on the horizon after all of what he's been through, it reaches its climax in the first couple of months but after effects last for a very long time after that." Iain also admitted that David will step up as Max's guardian and be the driving force to get Max away from Griff. He explained: "I mean, at its core, what we really wanted to do is tell parenting story oddly enough, it might not be the first thing that springs to mind when you watch it. "But we just thought 'what do you do if you've got a vulnerable, isolated, difficult teenager with an incredibly traumatic backstory, who finds his tribe and it's a group of people that you fundamentally are scared off and scared by and hold views that you really don't agree with? "How do you approach that?' and it's a real parenting challenge for David and the most interesting thing is seeing David, having to finally knuckle down and face the biggest parenting challenge he has ever had to face. "It's been really fascinating and interesting to watch and obviously, in the hands of Jawho's just such a consummate performer. It's been absolutely brilliant." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.