Newcastle tried to offer Everton Chris Wood as part of a swap deal for Anthony Gordon but the Toffees were not willing to shake hands on the package, according to reports. Everton are now facing a huge decision over the future of the 21-year-old as he attempts to force his way out of Goodison Park to the disappointment of furious supporters.  Gordon had looked set to sign a new contract on Merseyside but that now looks to be off the table as he prepares to leave his boyhood club in the midst of their fight for Premier League survival. Newcastle are now in formal talks with Everton over a deal and there is optimism an agreement can be struck before Tuesday's transfer deadline. According to The Mail, the Magpies have already seen an audacious swap deal offer rejected by Everton earlier in the window. It's claimed Newcastle offered Everton the chance to sign New Zealand international frontman Wood as part of the proposal. READ MORE: Everton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snub  They were not willing to agree to those terms, however, and Wood has since joined Nottingham Forest on loan. The former Burnley target man is set to make the move to the City Ground permanent for around £15million if certain criteria are met. Wood featured for Forest in their 1-1 Premier League draw with Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium on Saturday before missing Wednesday night's Carabao Cup semi-final clash with Manchester United. The Toffees have not had much luck in the transfer market to date having recently missed out on Arnaut Danjuma. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubEverton have alternative winger up sleeve as Arnaut Danjuma undergoes Tottenham medical Despite undergoing a medical at Finch Farm, the Dutchman stalled on his loan switch from Villarreal before eventually signing for Tottenham. Gordon has now reportedly told Everton that he won't be returning to the club after missing the past three training sessions. His absence was authorised on Tuesday but he was a no-show on Wednesday and Thursday while his team-mates trained at Finch Farm. It's understood Gordon was down in London for talks with Newcastle and Tottenham ahead of a potential exit. Chelsea have also shown strong interest in Gordon in the past having previously bid big money to sign him last summer in a deal that failed to bear fruit. The Blues are now monitoring his situation carefully with Everton now expected to entertain proposals in a bid to get Gordon off their books. His future is now creating unwanted distractions as they continue their search for a new head coach following the sacking of Frank Lampard. Marcelo Bielsa has now arrived in England for talks with Everton, who are also in discussions with Sean Dyche.