Conor McGregor has issued a chilling warning to his UFC rivals as he bids to return to the octagon. The Notorious has not engaged in a battle inside the octogan since breaking his leg during a defeat to Dustin Poirier in July 2021. The Irishman has worked extremely hard to return to full fitness and work his way back into peak physical condition. But while he's been absent in a sporting sence, the fighter has been anything but in other ventures and on social media. No doubt the former featherweight champion is itching to do battle once again and he took to social media to put any future opponents on notice. “I’m going to slice through someone on return. Trust that,” he tweeted. “And I don’t care who. Line up.” Alongside a photo of himself sitting down and looking pumped after a gruelling workout, in another message to any potential rivals, the Irishman wrote: "Bitta cardio, ya’s’r f***ed." Last October, McGregor said he wants to make his UFC comeback before the end of spring. JUST IN: Jake Paul footage shows he tapped out in 'first cage fight' as YouTuber signs pro MMA deal  "I'm going to be back soon, hopefully. Early 2023 I'm aiming for. Sometime in that first quarter,” he said during an impromptu Instagram Q&A.   The UFC's poster boy tweeted last November: “I’m clear for testing in February. I will complete my two tests per USADA & we are booking a fight.” Per the UFC and USADA's joint policy, the promotion can grant an exemption in "exceptional circumstances or where the strict application of that rule would be manifestly unfair to the athlete." Upon his return, McGregor has stated his desire to compete in the welterweight division moving forward and will need to dethrone Leon Edwards if he hopes to become the first three-weight champion in UFC history. However, he must first get by top-ranked contenders such as Kamaru Usman, Khamzat Chimaev, Colby Covington and Jorge Masvidal to earn a title shot. To prepare for the step up in weight, McGregor has seriously bulked up during his time away from the sport and is ready for a brand new challenge when he eventually returns. 