There are so many incredible places to explore in the UK but a few stand out more than most. Conde Nast Traveller UK has named their Best Places to Go in 2023, celebrating some beautiful staycation destinations. Although a few UK cities made the list, beautiful Bath might be the most appealing option for a winter break. Conde Nast Traveller UK said: “‘Who can ever be tired of Bath?’ wrote Jane Austen in Northanger Abbey, and over two centuries on, this phrase still rings true. “The grand Regency facades, the gurgling River Avon and the intricate web of streets that lead toward the grandeur of the famed Royal Crescent, looking down over the honey-hued architecture, makes for an enchanting visit year-in, year-out. “For 2023 though, Somerset’s biggest city - and the home of many Bridgerton filming locations- has filled its calling cards with new openings of particular note.” READ MORE: Scotland’s most beautiful building is the ‘warm heart’ of Edinburgh The team highlighted the reopening of Cleveland Pools, the UK’s only surviving Georgian Lido. The UK’s oldest outdoor pool, it will re-open for the first time in four decades after a major refurbishment project. There are also a few new restaurant openings to get excited about including The Beckford Canteen. Tourists could also check out a new festival of wellbeing, ReBalance Bath, which runs from 7-26 February. Unsurprisingly, the Roman Baths are Bath’s top tourist attraction and the highest rated site on Tripadvisor. A visitor wrote: “Very impressed with the conservation and continued excavation of the site. We spent four hours here.” Another visitor said: “We were transported back in time during our time at the Roman Baths, and we were not disappointed. “Chalked full of history and culture, the Roman Baths are an absolute must-see if you visit Bath!” The UK’s favourite national park isn’t the Lake District Bath Abbey is another top tourist attraction and is known as England’s last medieval church as it was begun in 1499. A tourist said: “Stunningly beautiful building, with a calm atmosphere for contemplation. I took the tower tour which was fantastic.” Another guest said: “Beautiful architecture and historical value to be found here at the abbey inside and out. “A lot to see and brings together a good understanding of the history of the area.” Over six million tourists visit Bath each year and some choose to make the trip in a day from London. The train to Bath takes just under an hour and half making it possible to spend just a day in the city. Other top sites include Pulteney Bridge, the Royal Crescent, The Circus and Bath’s Fashion Museum. During summer, many tourists like to wander in the gardens at Royal Victoria Path or climb up Little Solisbury Hill.