Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Moises Caicedo might not cope with the pressure of playing for one of the Premier League giants, former Reds defender Glen Johnson has warned. Brighton star Caicedo is the subject of reported £55million interest from the Big Six clubs. The top-flight’s biggest clubs have all been linked with Caicedo, but it is Chelsea and Liverpool who harbour the most interest. It is understood that the Blues had a £55m bid rejected last week. Caicedo’s seamless transition into English football has made him hot property in Europe. The 21-year-old had played just four top-flight games when Manchester United were linked with a big-money move in the summer. However, former England right-back Glen Johnson has insisted that interested clubs should be wary about signing the Ecuador international. He pointed out that there is stronger pressure at the top of the division. JUST IN: Mudryk already copping criticism as Chelsea told they have new Werner “Moises Caicedo is a hard-working, good footballer. There would probably be a few clubs interested. However, the spotlight does change when you move to bigger clubs like Liverpool or Chelsea. This is no disrespect to Brighton, but all of a sudden, you're expected to win nearly every week,” Johnson told Lord Ping. “Some players can't handle that pressure and can't perform the same way they were when your club's happy to win some, lose some or draw some, so it's all about the personnel really, if they can perform the same way under different pressure.” Brighton’s CEO, speaking before Chelsea’s reported bid for Caicedo, insisted that the club are not willing to sell their best players. Paul Barber accepts there will be interest in Caicedo, Alexis Mac Allister and Robert Sanchez. Barber said recently: "We are very realistic that we are going to have interest in Alexis. We are going to have interest in Moises. We are going to have interest in Rob Sanchez. We had eight players at the World Cup, more than any in the club's history combined. DON'T MISS...Ball boy kicked by Eden Hazard boasts Floyd Mayweather among clientsChelsea eye another January transfer hijack as Spurs chase Pedro PorroTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd eyeing £44m ace, Chelsea want four deals “So this has been an exceptional period for us. We know that our players are being looked at. But it doesn't change anything. If it's right for us, we will do something. “If it isn't right for us and if it isn't right for our player, then we certainly wouldn't. So we have no plans to do anything in this winter window of any note, but, of course, you can never say never about anything in this business." Chelsea still remain confident that they can complete a deal for Caicedo. The Blues have already spent around £200m on six new additions this January.