FIFA have announced they have opened proceedings against Argentina for 'rule breaches' during the World Cup final. Players and staff are being investigated for their antics before and after the game will Aston Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez is likely to be the focus of much of the ire after making a lewd gesture with the golden glove award. Argentina received widespread criticism for their behaviour after claiming the World Cup trophy for the third time in the hotly contested final in December. Martinez was at the forefront after using the 'dark arts' to get into the head of French penalty takers before making a gesture with the golden glove trophy in front of the Emir of Qatar. The goalkeeper also mocked France talisman Kylian Mbappe after the game as well as on the parades in Argentina as he carried around a baby doll with the 23-year-old's face on. Now, FIFA are looking into the match with sanctions potentially on their way for Martinez and the rest of his Argentinian colleagues. The statement released by the sport's governing body read: "The FIFA Disciplinary Committee has opened proceedings against the Argentinian Football Association due to potential breaches of articles 11 (Offensive behaviour and violations of the principles of fair play) and 12 (Misconduct of players and officials) of the FIFA Disciplinary Code, as well as of article 44 of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022 Regulations in conjunction with the Media and Marketing Regulations for the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™, during the Argentina v. France FIFA World Cup final." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Graeme Souness was one of the strongest critics of the Argentina team's behaviour after the game. The Scotsman described Martinez as a 'vulgar clown' as looked down on his antics. "Do some people really find that sort of thing funny?" he queried in his column for the Daily Mail. "Martinez embarrassed himself and he embarrassed his country. He looked like a vulgar clown. If that is what he wants to be remembered for, then God help us all. "I like him as a goalkeeper, for Argentina and Aston Villa. But for him to think what he did was appropriate, it beggars belief. "Why did he not want to be remembered instead for his performance? Or the team's performance? Or Lionel Messi's performance? "I cannot understand why he chose to do that in front of a watching world. He was also on stage with the various dignitaries and the Emir of Qatar. "What respect is he showing for his hosts? For himself, even? Maybe he doesn't care. He should. He will not be so proud in years to come. Sadly, that image is part of the story of the final now." It remains to be seen what actions FIFA will take against Martinez and Argentina with no timescale placed on the investigation. 