  Singer-songwriter and guitarist David Crosby has died      In a statement his wife said: “It is with great sadness after a long illness, that our beloved David (Croz) Crosby has passed away. “He was lovingly surrounded by his wife and soulmate Jan and son Django. “Although he is no longer here with us, his humanity and kind soul will continue to guide and inspire us. “His legacy will continue to live on through his legendary music,” she continued.    “Peace, love, and harmony to all who knew David and those he touched. We will miss him dearly. “At this time, we respectfully and kindly ask for privacy as we grieve and try to deal with our profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers,” the statement to Variety concluded. Crosby set down the template for ’60s L.A. folk-rock in the Byrds during his time in the group between 1964 and 1967. The music group also included bandmates Roger McGuinn, Gene Clark, Chris Hillman and Michael Clarke.     They got their first number-one hit in April 1965 with a cover of "Mr. Tambourine Man" by Bob Dylan. Songs Crosby wrote or co-wrote with The Byrds include Lady Friend, Why and Eight Miles High. Crosby also became close with Stephen Stills of Buffalo Springfield and Graham Nash of the Hollies during the late ‘60s. Subsequently, the star launched rock supergroup Crosby, Stills and Nash, who made a splash with their multi-platinum 1968 debut. READ MORE... Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS] Lisa Marie Presley's Golden Globes interviewer on 'off' conversation [NEWS] Prince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [UPDATE]     They won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist of 1969 after the release of their first album. Neil Young also notably joined the band for live appearances, with their second concert being Woodstock. He also recorded their second album Déjà Vu, which topped the pop album chart for one week and generated three Top 40 singles: Woodstock, Teach Your Children, and Our House. Songs Crosby wrote or co-wrote with CSN included Guinnevere, Wooden Ships, Shadow Captain, and In My Dreams.    He also wrote Almost Cut My Hair and the title track Déjà Vu for their popular 1970 album. Crosby has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice: once for his work in the Byrds and again for his work with CSN. His work with both bands has resulted in the sale of over 35 million albums. Fans can see the artist in his later years immortalised by the 2019 documentary David Crosby: Remember My Name, which was produced by Cameron Crowe.   