With working from home the new normal, Britons are likely to be using more energy in their homes than usual. This will have a knock-on effect on wallets, especially with the ongoing cost of living crisis, but there are measures to take to try and use less energy. Stephen Hankinson, Managing Director at Electric Radiators Direct has identified five of the “most common bad energy habits” that people tend to overlook. He has also shared some advice on how to fix them to make some “consistent savings” on energy bills. One of the hardest things about winter is the cold mornings, and many tend to set the thermostat a little higher to avoid the discomfort of getting out of a warm bed and into a cold room. But the cost of doing this can really “add up quickly” if you’re not careful, according to the energy pro. According to research, lowering the central heating thermostat setting by just one degree, from 19 to 18, could lead to a 1,530 kWh saving per household per year. At current prices this could be a saving of around £140 on energy bills. However, for those who want to go a step further to accurately understand their energy consumption, then Stephen recommended getting precision thermostats as they can help to calculate the required heat output in each room of the house. He explained that households can set each room to their desired temperature and every time the digital thermostat notices that heat levels have changed above or below the set point, it will automatically adapt to minimise temperature changes and “drastically reduce energy costs”. READ MORE: ‘Ideal’ temperature to heat homes - ‘keeps energy bills to a minimum’ Many households have been guilty of this before, especially in the morning when people are rushing out of the house to get to work. This is of course to be expected every once in a while, but if it starts becoming a habit it can “really start drastically adding to the bill”. Aside from remembering to switch off the heating when leaving the home (potentially setting an alarm could help), smart solutions such as smart thermostats can come in handy too, according to the energy guy. Smart thermostats connect the heating system to the internet, allowing households to change the temperature or switch their heating off on their smartphone or other device when out and about. Stephen explained: “These can help you save money as you can remotely switch off your heating if you forget, and switch your heating on and off to suit you. This is especially handy if you are at home at different times throughout the week, and a standard heating program may not suit your lifestyle.” DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERTS]Is the condensation on your windows actually failed double-glazing? [INSIGHT]Kitchen mistakes to avoid that are ‘big no nos’ for 2023 [COMMENT] Although the up-front cost of one of these - which typically range from £135 to £200 - these types of smart devices could potentially save you between 14 and 31 percent in energy costs. The expert added: “This means that for the current average household, you could knock about £560 off your bill in a year. Factoring in the upfront cost, you may start seeing some savings after around four months, so you may want to consider the investment for the long-term benefit if you can. “Another potential solution to this problem is smart electric radiators, which come with built-in smart features and have app compatibility that allows you to pair your radiator with your phone and manage your heating system wherever you are.” Many are aware that washing machines and other electrical appliances can use quite a bit of energy. But according to Stephen, washing clothes at 40 degrees or lower (rather than 60 or 90), households may be able to save about 70 kWh per year, or about £23 a year on their bills. While this may not seem like a substantial saving, every little counts right now. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ solutions to reduce laundry costs - ‘save over £800 a year’ Many washing machine models now include eco settings that can help with this, and it won’t be hard to find detergents or powders that work just as effectively at these lower temperatures. Linked to the point above, keeping hold of old washing machines or other appliances that are not as energy efficient as modern alternatives may “end up costing you significantly in the long run”, claimed the energy guru. He explained: “For instance, running an outdated refrigerator might cost you up to 1,000 kWh per year, which, based on current prices, equates to up to £340. “Updating old appliances for newer models, where feasible, could mean a considerable saving in the long run. The most energy-efficient devices on the market, such as washing machines and refrigerator-freezers, are those with an appliance rating of A+++.” Britons can also check the total number of kWh needed to run each appliance for an entire year on the label when shopping around, which can help to calculate the total costs to run it so that they can choose the best option. Even though these are unlikely to consume as much energy as the heating system, the cost can still add up for those who usually leave devices on standby. Stephen urged households to keep an eye out for this as turning off "vampire devices" might result in “annual savings of up to £147” on electricity bills. Some of the worst offenders are TVs and set-up boxes (From Virgin or Sky, for example). Combined, these can add a total of around £47 to an annual energy bill, according to British Gas.