The former US Marine, who is a naturalised Australian, is fighting extradition and maintains his innocence. Mr Duggan, 54, was arrested in Australia in October last year at the request of the FBI under the accusation of breaking US arms control law, an unsealed indictment has revealed. The US government has accused the former marine pilot of teaching Chinese pilots how to land on aircraft carriers in exchange for large sums of money. The indictment was filed in the US District of Colombia and claims that Duggan received 12 payments of either $9,900 (£8,199) or $9,500 (£7,868). The receipts of these payments from an unnamed Chinese business often cited “personal development training”. The former US marine is accused of giving Chinese pilots at a test flying academy in South Africa military training. The flying school required teachers who had “knowledge and experience in naval aviation meeting NATO standards”. According to the US government, the company based in China “acquired military equipment and technical data for the PRC government and military”. The unsealed indictment shows allegations that Duggan negotiated the terms of his service which “he hoped his children would be set for life as a result”, he said in an email in 2012 while in China. The indictment also claims that Duggan directly negotiated with a Chinese national for additional services. READ MORE: Damar Hamlin rushed to hospital after receiving CPR during NFL match The indictment read: “These services included the evaluation of military pilot trainees, testing of naval aviation-related equipment, and instructions on tactics, techniques and procedures associated with launching from and landing on a naval aircraft carrier. “Neither Duggan nor any of his co-conspirators applied for a license from the United States government to provide defence services to any foreign nationals.” Duggan is also known by the names Ding San Xing, Din San Qing, DSQ or Ivan and is believed to have given “aviation services” to China. The former marine pilot is facing four charges including conspiracy to defraud the US by conspiracy to the unlawful export defence services to China, conspiracy to launder money, and two counts of violating the arms export control act and international traffic in arms regulations. DON'T MISS:Two British nationals killed in Australian helicopter collision (REVEAL)‘Highly infectious’ new Covid variant is ‘wakeup call’ for UK (INSIGHT)Ukrainians sing national anthem as Russia launches drone attacks (VIDEO) Last month the Australian Government approved Duggan’s extradition to the US to face charges. Duggan’s lawyer Dennis Miralis previously stated: “He denies having breached any US law, any Australian law, any international law”. Saffrine Duggan, Mr Duggan’s wife, has said the charges against her husband are “politically motivated injustice” which sees her husband as the “victim of the United States government’s political dispute with China”.