Fiz Stape (played by Jennie McAlpine) and her husband Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) have been doing everything in their power to prevent Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) from obsessing over her serial-killing father. They recently decided to buy the youngster a chinchilla to look after as a pet, but they may live to regret doing so in upcoming scenes on Coronation Street.  ITV soap spoilers have revealed Kirk Sutherland (Andy Whyment) and Beth Tinker (Lisa George) are off on holiday but they need someone to take care of their dog Peanut. Kirk calls at Hope's house and offers her £5 to look after the dog for the night. However, Hope is not blown away by the offer and tells him she would look after Peanut for £10 instead. Kirk accepts the youngster's offer and drops the dog off later on. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke But Peanut starts growling at Cilla the chinchilla shortly after arriving in the house. Hope is left horrified to find Cilla's cage left wide open - but nothing prepares her for what she finds next. As Hope searches the room for the chinchilla, she lets out a blood-curdling scream having found Cilla dead on the carpet. Peanut, the culprit, watches the distraught youngster from her dog basket.  The pet's death could be a setback for Hope, causing her to regress to obsessing over her murderous father John Stape (Graeme Hawley). Fiz and Tyrone bought Hope the chinchilla to take her mind off her morbid fascination with death. How will Fiz and Tyrone cope when they find out how upset Hope is about Cilla? "Hope's behaviour will become increasingly difficult over the course of the year but there are also extremely light-hearted bits," producer Iain MacLeod told Express.co.uk and other media. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Fiz and Tyrone get unwanted sex advice  [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family member [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed  [LATEST] Reflecting on the upcoming storyline, he added: “She becomes slightly obsessed in a way that causes problems for Fiz and Tyrone. “Their troubles are behind them but as a parent, your troubles are never entirely behind you! "There will be some difficulty parenting Hope going forward. Without giving too much away. "Hope’s behaviour ends up in a fairly acrimonious feud with an adult neighbour that involves a chinchilla.”  Some Coronation Street viewers predicted Cilla would not survive for very long, but no one expected Kirk's dog to kill her. In recent days, @Greg_Phillips_ tweeted: “Hope will have that chinchilla in the oven before next week." @Soph_cheekbones said: “How long before Hope tortures and kills this poor chinchilla?” Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 