Brexiteers back Boris Johnson to have an official role representing the UK on Ukraine, new polling suggests. An exclusive Techne poll for the Express found 57 percent of Leave-voting respondents said the former prime minister should be handed a diplomatic position. Of the respondents who are Tory voters, some 65 percent said Mr Johnson should be given a special role. But Remainers and Labour backers overwhelmingly rejected the prospect of a diplomatic role with just 29 percent and eight percent respectively saying yes. Of all 1,624 British adults polled from January 25 to 26, 37 percent said Mr Johnson should take on a diplomatic position helping Kyiv. Some 51 percent said no and 12 percent did not know. Mr Johnson has been one of the most vocal backers of Ukraine on the world stage throughout Russia's brutal invasion of its neighbour. Since leaving Downing Street last September, he has continued to offer wholehearted support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. He also repeatedly called on Western allies to arm Ukraine with the resources it needs to push the Russians out and end the war. Mr Johnson made his latest visit to Ukraine last weekend where he met Mr Zelensky. The pair were seen warmly shaking hands as Mr Johnson told the Ukrainian leader: "It's an absolute honour to be here again." Mr Zelensky replied: "Honour for us." In a statement, Mr Johnson said: "It is a privilege to visit Ukraine at the invitation of President Zelensky. "The suffering of the people of Ukraine has gone on for too long. The only way to end this war is for Ukraine to win - and to win as fast as possible. "This is the moment to double down and to give the Ukrainians all the tools they need to finish the job. The sooner Putin fails, the better for Ukraine and for the whole world." Downing Street indicated that Rishi Sunak was supportive of his predecessor-but-one's visit after claims it could undermine the Prime Minister's authority. In an interview earlier this week with Sky News, Mr Zelensky was asked about Mr Johnson should get an official role representing the UK on Ukraine. He said: "He is good guy. Who knows? With pleasure, with pleasure, really." But he declined to say whether he would like to see Mr Johnson return to Downing Street amid ongoing comeback speculation. Mr Zelensky said: "I think that is not correct for me to support Johnson to be prime minister. "We have good relations with Sunak. I think we had more long relations with Johnson, because it was more long-time. "I saw Johnson in different situations, I saw him not in war and then in full-scale war - that's why we have special relations." 