Tottenham and Arsenal are among a host of top clubs keeping tabs on French youngster Elye Wahi, with Spurs reportedly stepping up their own preparation by sending a trusted scout to watch him in person over the past few days. Having taken Ligue 1 by storm, the 20-year-old recently accomplished a feat matched only by Kylian Mbappe in the last 40 years. Wahi is just a matter of weeks past his 20th birthday but he continues to shine in France, scoring seven goals and notching one assist in 19 Ligue 1 matches this campaign. That's despite Montpellier struggling in 15th, just two points above the relegation zone. Arsenal are thought to have been tracking his progress for months, but Foot Mercato claim that Tottenham recently joined the party and scouts were in attendance to witness Wahi in the flesh since the turn of the year. Montpellier are believed to value their star striker at more than £26million, while a January deal may be difficult to thrash out due to their precarious position in the table. READ MORE: Chelsea still have Thiago Silva problem despite 'agreeing new deal' Indeed, even Wahi supposedly wants to stay put until at least the end of the season, meaning a tasty battle between Arsenal and Spurs could ignite in the summer. Others could yet enter the fold with Juventus, Manchester City and Liverpool also credited with interest. The youngster achieved a hugely impressive feat earlier this campaign by notching his 20th Ligue 1 goal before his 20th birthday. Only Mbappe has managed to hit that milestone while still a teenager in the last 40 years, while the likes of Thierry Henry and Karim Benzema fell short during their younger days. DON'T MISS...Man Utd discover price to sign Dumfries immediately as agent flies inChelsea see Gusto transfer hopes dashed as Lyon chief issues statementEverton 'consider bid' for Marko Arnautovic after Man Utd near-miss  Tottenham could be in need of a new striker come the end of the season, with many expecting Harry Kane to pursue a fresh challenge if he fails to clinch his first career silverware in north London. The 29-year-old will be out of contract and at liberty to leave for free in 2024, so Spurs may cave into the pressure and cash in while they can. It is unclear how Wahi would fit in at the Emirates, where Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah are already vying for the lone striker spot. Mikel Arteta's side will have significant pulling power if their hot streak results in a first Premier League title since 2003/04, and they currently hold a five-point lead over City with a game in hand.  Wahi has spent all of his brief senior career with Montpellier, having joined the academy at the age of 15 and initially broken through with their B team. His top-flight exploits have also sparked international recognition, earning him six caps for France U19 already. With the prospect of recruiting another Mbappe at stake, the race for Wahi's signature could heat up significantly during the summer, when Montpellier would be much more likely to do business and take time to find his replacement.