Weeds will start to grow rampantly in the next couple of months as the weather starts to warm up. If you’ve noticed a few premature weeds popping up between patio slabs, on the driveway or between stones on a path, here’s how to get rid of them and stop them from returning. Sue took to the Facebook group, Mrs Hinch’s Cleaning Tips and asked: “The best way of getting rid of weeds between pavement slabs? “Sick of industrial cleaner, they grow back so soon, I’ve heard of vinegar and boiling water, really does this actually work? “Just thought I’d ask and see what you people recommend. Thank you.” Her post gained hundreds of comments with many suggesting the same household products; white vinegar, washing up liquid and salt. READ MORE: Keep squirrels out of your garden using ‘effective’ 70p kitchen item Another Sue suggested: “Mix salt white vinegar and a bit of washing up liquid together in a bottle and poor on wonderful.” Renata commented: “I have tried myself half with this and half with the weed killer spray from shop. “Weeds on the side that I have done with shop spray back in no time and the side that I have done with vinegar still clear…and I have done few weeks ago. “Use carefully if you have any plants around. Pour one gallon of white vinegar into a bucket, five percent household white vinegar is fine. ... DON'T MISS...Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE]Moment ‘besotted’ Harry ‘cringes’ at Meghan in Netflix series - claim [COMMENT] “Add one cup of table salt. Stir in one tablespoon of liquid dishwashing soap. And it’s ready to kill weeds!” Phillip used a different ratio to create the same weed killer: “White vinegar, three tablespoons of salt (dissolve in boiling water) three tablespoons of washing up liquid. It worked for me im pleased to say.” Sally explained how her solution kills weeds in three days: “One litre of cold water six tablespoons of salt and six tablespoons of fairy liquid. And it works it takes three days to dead the weeds.” Many used just boiling water, others just white vinegar as a spray. READ MORE: 'Easy solutions' to make shade in your garden to 'save' summer plants Some also claimed used road salt, which is predominantly used to grit roads when there is ice or snow, works. Just be mindful of other plants that might be near the weeds you are trying to remove, as spraying the solution could also kill them. Gardening experts at Prairie Nursery have also suggested using white vinegar to kill weeds. They explained how household vinegar has an acetic acid concentration of about five percent” and “draws moisture out of the leaves” when applied, “killing the top growth”. As for whether it will kill neighbouring plants, the experts said “a stray drop of vinegar…will cause some browning, but probably will not kill it”. Salt also draws out moisture from a plant and when adding it to white vinegar, it makes it “stronger”. Salt can also “kill some plants vinegar doesn’t”. Gardeners can expect weeds to die “within a week” if using this solution.