Maya Jama, 28, revisited the work trip that took an unfortunate twist as she was left in a wheelchair following a dramatic fall. The Love Island presenter admitted she “will never forget” her trip to Cyprus from over a decade ago after part of her foot was left “hanging off”. Maya’s ordeal happened after she travelled to the popular holiday destination to host a hip-hop beach party. But in a painful turn of events, Maya took a tumble over a kerb, leading to an injury she recounted during an appearance on Pretty Little Thing's Behind Closed Doors podcast. In quotes reported by The Sun, Maya said: “I went to Ayia Napa when I was 17 to host Charlie Sloth's show Fire In The Booth. “But the day before the actual beach party thing we were supposed to be hosting, I ended up slipping on a bit of mashed-up kerb. “The bottom of my foot was hanging off,” Maya harrowingly recalled. She continued: “I had to be in hospital for two days and ended up in a wheelchair for the rest of the time." Maya explained that she ripped a nerve but couldn't feel it, adding: “I will never forget that trip.” Following the incident, Maya revealed that she still can’t bend her toes, with her big toe not being able to tuck in. Maya is the latest star to present ITV2's hit dating series Love Island after taking over from Laura Whitmore. Last week, she was reported to have quit her role as presenter on BBC Three show Glow Up. Maya took over from Stacey Dooley to host the third series in 2021 and the fourth series in 2022. However, according to The Sun, Maya is not expected to return for the fifth outing. READ MORE...Annie Werschin, The Last of Us, Bosch and 24 actress, dies of cancer  [NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson fears Charles' Coronation will be the last for England [UPDATE]Priscilla Presley challenges Riley on amendment to Lisa Marie's trust [INSIGHT] Express.co.uk has previously contacted Maya Jama and BBC representatives for comment. Maya has recently thrilled fans with her debut on Love Island with fans praising her down to earth attitude and incredible style. Following her run on the winter series, it is expected she will return later in the year for the main series. Maya started her showbiz career in 2012 and went on to present her own show on BBC Radio 1 until 2020. The broadcaster recently told Evening Standard she initially did not tell her mother about taking over the Love Island host role. She said: "I’m not a good liar. Even my mum I didn’t tell because she’d get too excited and tell people. “So I had to not even tell my close family." Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm.