Nine men in southern Afghanistan received up to 39 lashes today as punishment for different crimes under the country's new rulers, a Taliban-appointed official said, in the latest round of public floggings. The punishments were the latest example of harsh policies imposed by the Taliban since they seized power in the country in August 2021 - policies that reflect their interpretation of Islamic law, or Sharia. Haji Zaid, a spokesman for the governor’s office in southern Kandahar province, said in a tweet that the lashings took place at the sports stadium in the city of Kandahar, the provincial capital. Each man was lashed between 35 and 39 times in front of Taliban officials, religious clerics, elders, and local people, he said. Zaid's tweet did not elaborate on the crimes the nine were accused of or provide other details. Zaid and other Taliban officials in Kandahar could not immediately be reached for more comment. Large crowds gathered in a football stadium in the country in November to watch the first public flogging gathered at a football stadium in the country since the Taliban were ousted more than two decades ago. In scenes which one commentator described as “just history repeating itself”, three women and nine men were beaten in front of hundreds of spectators at the orders of the religious extremist organisation, which returned to power in August. The office of the governor of Logar province, south of the capital of Kabul, had invited “honourable scholars, mujahideen, elders, tribal leaders and local people” to the stadium in the town of Pul Alam in Logar. The invitations for the 9am event were extended via social media. An official said hundreds of people attended the lashings, with a ban imposed on taking photos and video. In a statement issued afterwards, Enayatullah Shuja, the deputy governor of Logar, said: “Sharia law is the only solution for problems in Afghanistan and must be implemented.” Afghan journalist Tajuden Soroush tweeted a picture of the scene outside the stadium, commenting: “It’s all just history repeating itself. Like 1990s Taliban began public punishment.” Last month, the Taliban executed an Afghan convicted of killing another man, the first public execution since the former insurgents returned to power. The execution was carried out with an assault rifle by the victim’s father in western Farah province as hundreds of spectators and many top Taliban officials watched. JUST IN: Failings 'at every stage' in quadruple claw hammer murder No country has officially recognised the new Afghan government under the Taliban, who previously ruled Afghanistan in the late 1990s. After their takeover, the Taliban initially said they would not impose the same harsh rules over society as they did during their first rule of Afghanistan in the late 1990s. But they have progressively imposed more restrictions, particularly on women. They have banned women and girls from schooling beyond the sixth grade, barred them from most jobs and demanded they cover their faces when outside. Separately, tributes poured in yesterday for a former Afghan female politician shot and killed by gunmen in her home in the capital of Kabul on Sunday. The slaying was the first time somebody from the previous administration was killed in the city since the Taliban takeover. Mursal Nabizada was among the few female parliamentarians who stayed in Kabul after the Taliban seized power in August 2021. Police say one of her bodyguards was also killed in the attack on Sunday. DON'T MISSHarry exposes 'childhood trauma' as family told 'acknowledge' feelings [INSIGHT]Archie and Lilibet 'very welcome in London' for King's coronation [ANALYSIS]King 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipe [VIDEO] Karen Decker, the US chargé d’affaires for Afghanistan, tweeted: “Hold the perpetrators accountable! “Angered, heartbroken by murder of Mursal Nabizada – a tragic loss. I offer Mursal’s family my condolences and hope to see them receive justice for this senseless act.” UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is “shocked” by the killings of Nabizada and a bodyguard and “calls for a prompt, thorough, and transparent investigation and for the perpetrators to be brought to justice,” UN associate spokesperson Stephanie Tremblay said. Nabizada’s brother was also wounded in the attack, according to Khalid Zadran, spokesman for the Kabul police chief in the Taliban administration. A police investigation was underway, he added. Hannah Neumann, a member of the European parliament, also tweeted her condolences. She said: “I am sad and angry and want the world to know! She was killed in darkness, but the Taliban build their system of Gender Apartheid in full daylight.”