Scams are rife, and there are various ways Britons might be targeted, but there is one particular scam which appears particularly insidious. A money mule is someone who is paid to receive money into their account before either they or someone else moves the money on. While this may seem innocuous enough, money muling is actually a serious crime. It can come with serious consequences, even for those who are unaware they have been targeted as a money mule. People could see their bank account frozen, a damaged credit score, and the inability to apply for a loan or even a phone contract in future. NatWest also warned: “This can result in a prison sentence of up to 14 years.” READ MORE: State pension triple lock to cost every taxpayer ‘£1,000’ Money muling can happen in a variety of ways, so it is vital for Britons to stay alert in various scenarios and interactions. A popular technique is social media ads, where criminals use social media advertising, to promote so-called ‘get rich quick’ schemes. They use pictures of luxury lifestyles and bank accounts with high balances in an effort to reel in unsuspecting victims. Those who reply might be asked to receive a payment, hold onto it for a while, then pay it on to a different person and keep some of the money for themselves - but this is money laundering. DON'T MISSPension age increase could hand you £22,000 [ANALYSIS]Metro Bank issues warning on ‘callous and unfeeling’ fraud [INSIGHT]State pension age ‘should be reduced’ despite hike to 68 planned [UPDATE] The bank also warned those offered an investment opportunity and a ‘start-up fee’ to receive and move money on as part of the deal could be a ruse to get the individual to act as a money mule. While investments promising a lot of money for little effort are tempting, they can often be too good to be true. Fake job adverts are a particularly cruel way for criminals to recruit money mules, especially amid a cost of living crisis. Mule recruiters can target jobseekers by offering “dream” roles via social media and job websites promising quick and easy ways to make cash. READ MORE: Millions could get £180 off broadband bills via social tariff NatWest warned they might ask a person to use their own account to process payments for them - but even though this might sound okay, it is a crime. However, there are ways Britons can protect themselves from falling victim to such a scam. Firstly, individuals should never accept a payment from someone they do not know or trust, or when they do not know where the money is from. When it comes to job offers, these should never be applied for or accepted if a person is being asked to move money through their own accounts. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Details should never be handed over to someone a person does not know. Finally, talking to friends and family can be good at helping to protect as many people as possible. Those who suspect they have been caught up in money muling can take action. NatWest explained: “If you’ve given someone any of your personal security details call the bank on a trusted number, like the number on the back of your bank card. “If you’ve been sent money, don’t move it on and contact your bank for help.”