Meghan Markle came onto the royal scene in 2017 as Prince Harry's then-girlfriend, before tying the knot in 2018. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, on the other hand, has been a member of the Royal Family since 1999. The Duchess of Sussex's style is always compared to Kate Middleton's outfits and the late Princess Diana's. But Meghan, 41, has actually worn many identical or very similar outfits to that of Sophie Wessex, 58. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox has commented exclusively to Express.co.uk about the similar tastes in fashion between these two royal women. She said: “Similarities can also be drawn between the styles of Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims "They are united in their shared love for belted waist silhouettes, bohemian printed flowy dresses in bold colours and wedge heels. "Though royal wardrobes can get rather formal and decorous, both women have not hesitated to let their personality shine through by adding interesting accessories and fun prints. "Meghan has flaunted animal-printed shoes from leopard-print kitten heels to cow-printed pumps; while Sophie has wowed in a leopard-print pillbox hat." According to the expert, both Sophie and Meghan "make strong statements" with their fashion choices.  Daena continued: "Both women love supporting brands close to their hearts. Since becoming royal, Meghan has been using her clothes and jewellery to make strong statements of support to smaller designers from around the world. "She loves to wear ethical fashion made out of recycled materials, like the pointed Rothy’s ballerinas she wore on her trip to Australia which were made of plastic bottles." The Countess of Wessex is "unpretentious" according to the fashion expert, which comes through with her clothing. Daena added: "Sophie regularly carries handbags from the Rome-based designer, Sophie Habsburg, whose kooky prints match the Countess of Wessex’s unpretentious vibe. READ MORE: Beatrice Borromeo 'absolutely stunning' for Monaco’s famous Rose Ball "Sophie Habsburg’s bags experiment with unusual materials such as straw and raffia and also include elements of ethnic embroidery, leather fringe and ikat fabric.” In June 2018, Meghan stunned in an all-white Givenchy dress when she arrived at her first Royal Ascot. The month after, Sophie wore a very similar ivory custom-made Suzannah dress for the RAF Centenary. Other examples of similar outfits include when the Countess of Wessex opted for an orange fitted dress by Victoria Beckham and Gianvito Rossi heels for the BGC Charity Day in September 2015. Five years later in 2020, the Duchess wore a bright blue version of the same dress by Victoria Beckham. In addition, Sophie stepped out in an Erdem "Analena" dress, which was black with white flowers scattered all over. The Countess paired this with a plain black jacket. Then in 2019, Meghan wore an almost identical Azzura print dress by Reiss, her black McQueen blazer and her favoured Manolo Blahnik pumps. Finally, in 2015, Sophie turned heads at the Buckingham Palace Garden Party in a chic blue dress with a matching cropped jacket by Emilia Wickstead. Three years later in 2018, the Duchess wore a black version of the exact same bespoke Emilia Wickstead design.