Joao Felix's Chelsea debut began well but ended disastrously as he was issued a red card for a horrendous tackle on Fulham's Kenny Tete. The Portuguese attacker started at Craven Cottage and was bright in the first half but was sent off before the hour mark for a high studs-up challenge. Felix now faces a three-game Premier League ban that will prevent him from playing against Crystal Palace, Liverpool and in the reverse match against Fulham at Stamford Bridge. And the suspension will also hit Chelsea in the pocket. The Blues paid Atletico Madrid a £10million loan fee to sign Felix until the end of May. They also agreed to pay the 23-year-old's £270,000-a-week wages in full. That means the deal stands to cost them around £16m. Felix is costing Chelsea around £760,000 per Premier League match, although he can now only play a maximum of 17.5 games - not 21 - this season. And that means Chelsea will pay around £2.3m during the three games for which the on-loan forward is unavailable. MUST READ: Joao Felix does Potter no favours as Chelsea sack pressure rises It was a setback the Londoners desperately did not need. The Portugal international had been playing well and helped offer some inventiveness in attack but with 10 men, Graham Potter's side slipped to a 2-1 loss. It means they have lost five of their last seven Premier League games and sit 10th, a whole 10 points adrift of Manchester United in fourth who have a game in hand on them. They also crashed out of FA Cup third round to Manchester City at the weekend, having seen their bid to win the Carabao Cup ended by the same opponents back in November. Chelsea are not back in action outside of the Premier League until February 15 when they travel to Borussia Dortmund. That match comes just four days after the game in which Felix is next eligible to play, a midday kick-off at West Ham on February 11. Ex-Chelsea forward Joe Cole expects Felix still to be a successful signing for his old club. He said on BT Sport post-match: "Graham Potter must be wondering when his luck is going to change because moments change games. Joao Felix, who I thought was brilliant tonight, he showed enough in 45 minutes to tell me he’s going to be a good signing for Chelsea. DON'T MISS...Man Utd block Dean Henderson request as Ten Hag gets ruthlessChelsea 'line up Moises Caicedo bid' as Blues make star priorityGundogan claims City lack 'desire and hunger' ahead of Man Utd clash "Because he showed his passion and his ability asides from a moment of madness. It changed the game, Chelsea had looked good for that first 10 or 15 minutes (of the second half) before going down to 10 men, but it’s hard in the Premier League. "If you’re down to 10 men and getting overloads in parts of the pitch, Potter tried to address that when he brought on the four subs, but ultimately the big moments in football games are going against Chelsea Football Club and going against Potter. "Something needs to change, not in that sense, but in the sense of a flukey win, a lucky goal, just to build confidence back into the team." Chelsea return to action at 2pm on Sunday when they host Palace.