Netflix will be releasing its Italian-language drama The Lying Life of Adults tomorrow (January 4) with all six episodes dropping in one go. The show is based on the novel by author Elena Ferrante. The Lying Life of Adults was filmed last year between Milan and Naples in Italy. Author Ferrante worked on the script alongside Laura Paolucci, Francesco Piccolo and Edoardo De Angelis, while Edoardo De Angelis was on directing duties. Set in Naples in the 1990s, The Lying Life of Adults paints a rich and vibrant portrait of a girl’s journey to adolescence. The city itself is a character as the different sides of Naples are shown to audiences with the mask slipping from its facade. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the cast of the new series and where you may have seen them before. Vittoria - Valeria Golino Valeria Golino was confirmed to be starring as Vittoria last year by Netflix. Golino has spent some time in Naples and worked as a model before moving into acting. She is best known for her roles in Rain Man, Hot Shots!, Portrait of a Lady on Fire and most recently in Apple TV+’s The Morning Show. The actress will next be starring in Te l'avevo detto and The Beautiful Game, which was both in post-production, according to IMDb. The actress has already been praised for her turn in The Lying Life of Adults. Variety stated in its review of the show: “Having spent the decades since her Hollywood flirtation working in films that have only occasionally flown beyond the festival circuit, Golino seizes this lived-in role with skilled and grateful hands.” The publication also lauded her co-star Giordana Marengo with the two actresses described as “well-paired”. Marengo is described as a “more robust version” of a young Kristen Stewart with “defiant eyes peeping beneath unruly curls to spot her guardians’ failings”. Giovanna - Giordana Marengo Giordana Marengo makes her debut as the protagonist Giovanna, who will be going through growing pains from childhood to a teen in Naples. The Netflix drama is her first role which sees Giovanna exploring a family mystery as she navigates becoming an adolescent. Andrea - Alessandro Preziosi Alessandro Preziosi portrays Giovanna’s father Andrea with the star boasting a 20-year career. Preziosi has previously featured in Medico, Loose Cannons, Masantonio, Sotto copertura: La cattura di Zagaria and Non mentire. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry makes emotional plea to King Charles in new clip [VIDEO]Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer [VIEWER REACTION]Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant [ANALYSIS] Nella - Pina Turco Pina Turco plays Giovanna’s daughter Nella who is no stranger to audiences thanks to her role in the hit series Gomorrah. She has also appeared in La fuggitiva, The Family, Fortuna, The Vice of Hope and Cha cha cha. Ida - Azzurra Mennella Azzurra Mennella will be portraying Ida, one of Giovanna’s friends in the show and the star is another newcomer to the entertainment world and starred in Il Commissario Ricciardi. Angela - Rossella Gamba Rossella Gamba is Angela, Ida’s sister and another friend to Giovanna with her previous credits including La vita che corrie, Don Matteo, Durante l’estate and Talent High School - Il sogno di Sofia. Other cast members include Raffaella Rea as Costanza, Biagio Forestieri as Mariano, Susy Del Giudice as Margherita, Giuseppe Brunetti as Corrado, Maria Vera Ratti as Giuliana, Gianluca Spagnoli as Tonino, Adriano Pantaleo as Rosario and Giovanni Buselli as Roberto. The Lying Life of Adults is released on Netflix tomorrow