Amanda Owen, 48, left fans concerned as she took to Twitter to share some pictures of her children playing on a frozen lake during an excursion yesterday. The Yorkshire Shepherdess and her kids had been “slipping and skating” on the ice while enjoying a sunny yet frosty day out. In the pictures, some of Amanda’s nine children could be seen smiling as they walked on a frozen lake. Along with the snaps, Amanda noted that the water was “incredibly shallow”, which meant it posed no major danger to anyone. She penned: “Been slipping & skating around all week, but these lot have been doing it for fun. “*The water is incredibly shallow, only wet feet would result if the ice broke*,” she added. READ MORE: Love Island's Ron 'unsure what to think' after Lana's famous ex news  Amanda concluded the tweet with the hashtags: “#yorkshire #snow #ice #freezjng #cold #play #skate.” (sic) Some fans appeared delighted to see the TV star was enjoying some family time while her children made memories. TDCDTweets wrote: “I love those double blade skates. Never seen them before. “The kids look like they are really enjoying the season. “They will look back on these fun times when they’re older and think fondly of ‘home’. Keep the pics coming they’re fab. “PS when’s the new series starting please?” the fan asked. (sic) Kimnicholls16 added: “Looks like they're having a fabulous fun time! “And I'm sure you wouldn't let them skate on anything that looks remotely unsafe. Great fun.” (sic) DON'T MISSDenise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking [LATEST]Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy' [NEWS]Riley Keough's husband speaks on her behalf at Lisa Marie's memorial [INSIGHT] JulieJugeann59 typed: “They're sensible girls and you're always there for them, they look as if they're having so much fun love to you all xx.” (sic) Amanda and husband Clive Owen, 68, share nine children together on a farm in Ravenseat, located in Upper Swaledale, North Yorkshire. Last year, they shocked fans as they announced their split, with Amanda recently explaining that the pair are still “working together”. The famous Channel 5 couple announced they were going their separate ways back in June. However, Amanda has made it clear that they will continue to put on a unified front in order to do right by their children and the farm they share. “People assume that because I’m separated from my husband, Clive, things are harder, but in fact it’s the opposite,” Amanda wrote in a new article. “We have two farms that are basically next door to each other, so it’s close enough for it to be useful, but far enough for us to have space. “Whatever our personal situation, there’s a farm to run and nine children to look after so we’re just working together, making it happen,” she told the Times.