Marks and Spencer is every time you scan the card, you’re in for a chance of winning the contents of your shopping basket for free. Shoppers have taken to social media, believing they have worked out how the food store chooses the lucky winners.  The chances of a Sparks user getting their shopping for free is around one in 1,000 customers. The retailer introduced the offer two years ago as part of a revamp of the Sparks scheme, and one shopper per branch is picked at random every week to get their shopping for free, as well as one online customer per week. As for how the winner is chosen every week, Marks and Spencer say “a lucky transaction is chosen at random in every store and online every week”. READ MORE: Astrologer shares horoscope for each animal sign this Chinese New Year But some shoppers believe they have figured out how to get your shopping for free, and it’s all to do with how much your basket totals. According to The Sun She then went to pay, and the self-service till told her she had won her shopping for free. It said: “Congratulations! We are treating you to your shopping for free today to say thanks for shopping with Sparks.” Several shoppers suggested why she was a lucky winner. One claimed: “It’s probably price specific though. E.g only orders under £10.” DON'T MISS...‘Most unflattering’ lipstick colours women over 40 should avoid [EXPERT]Meghan Markle's most symbolic jewellery 'protects her from evil' [PICTURES]Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out [VIDEO] A second added: “Happened to my wife, she only had a pint of milk.” A third wrote: “My mum won it for a single bottle of water.”  The video showed an image of the shopper, and captioned it “It DOES happen!” Before revealing the winning message on the till. The lucky shopper in question had a full basket, with several items, seemingly costing more than £10. READ MORE: Skincare expert discusses how retinol works to ‘reduce fine lines’ Amelia shared her experience of winning in the comments section: “I got this the one time my shopping cost less than £4... not the 1000 other times I get carried away and spend a fortune.” Hannah explained: “I spent £50 on food shop, then forgot one item - went back in and won the free shopping on that.”   In other Marks and Spencer news, 20 new stores are going to be opening in the coming months as part of restructuring the brand. There will be eight full-line stores and 12 new food halls, so more chances of winning your food shop for free! The new full-line stores will stock both food and clothes, and five of the sites will be located in shopping centres the following shopping centres in old Debenhams stores: Birmingham Bullring, Trafford Centre in Manchester, Leeds White Rose, Liverpool ONE and Lakeside Thurrock.