  Jeremiah Green, who was recently diagnosed with cancer, has sadly died at the age of 45. He was one of the founding members and drummer of the rock band Modest Mouse.      His death on New Year’s Eve comes after his mother Carol Namatame revealed his stage four cancer diagnosis last month. Modest Mouse confirmed the tragic news of his death via social media. They wrote: “I don’t know a way to ease into this: Today we lost our dear friend Jeremiah. “He laid down to rest and simply faded out,” they added. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies     “I’d like to say a bunch of pretty words right now, but it just isn’t the time. “These will come later, and from many people,” they continued. “Please appreciate all the love you give, get, have given, and will get. “Above all, Jeremiah was about love. We love you.” While the specifics of his diagnosis are unclear, frontman Isaac Brock confirmed earlier this week that the musician had been “diagnosed with cancer a short while ago.”       American rock band Modest Mouse formed in 1992 in Issaquah, Washington, though they later relocated to Portland, Oregon Its founding members include drummer Jeremiah, lead singer and guitarist Isaac and bassist Eric Judy. The group went through numerous lineup changes over the years, but Jeremiah and Isaac remained as constants. They began rehearsals in a shed in the early 1990s, and it was only two years after their humble beginnings that they would go on to record their musical debut with small-town indie label K Records. READ MORE... Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post [INSIGHT] Joan Collins, 89, ageless in swimsuit as fans praise ‘legs to die for' [PICTURE] Denise Welch on Harry and Meghan's reaction to Prince Andrew musical [NEWS]    The band’s debut album, This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About, dropped in 1996. Their fourth album, Good News for People Who Love Bad News, achieved mainstream success in 2004 with singles like Float On and Ocean Breathes Salty. The Smiths Guitarist Johnny Marr went on to join the group in 2006 and Black Heart Procession percussionist Joe Plummer followed that same year. Meanwhile, bassist Eric performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012.     Tributes have poured in for Jeremiah on social media, with Scott Russell sharing a video of the drummer performing and writing: “Jeremiah Green was a force. F**k cancer.” Sean added: “Jeremiah Green is gone, and that saddens me deeply. Truckers Atlas and the rest of his work behind the kit will speak for itself, forever. “Often thought to myself - if I could play the drums I’d wanna play them like him. Not that anyone could.” (sic) Another fan wrote: “Ugghhh… rip Jeremiah Green… Gonna listen to Lonesome Crowded West all night.” (sic)  