Nicola Sturgeon tied herself in knots during a TV interview earlier today, when trying to explain the SNP's policy on transgender prisoners. The issue was thrown into the spotlight after trans woman Isla Bryson was sentenced for two rapes committed prior to her gender change. Pending sentence, Bryson was initially sent to Cornton Vale women's prison, before she was transferred to HMP Edinburgh. Justice Secretary Keith Brown then announced a "pause" on the transfer of transgender prisoners with a history of violence against women to women's prisons. An urgent review is now taking place into the Bryson case and there is an ongoing review by the Scottish Prison Service (SPS). During an interview conducted this morning, Ms Sturgeon was asked if she believed "all trans women are women". She responded: "Well, that's not the point that we're dealing with here."   When pressed on the question, Ms Sturgeon added: "Trans women are women but in the present context there is no automatic right for a trans woman..." She was then challenged on whether that meant there were therefore "contexts when a trans woman is not a woman", to which the First Minister replied: "No, there is... there is circumstances in which a trans woman will be housed in the male prison estate". Asked whether that meant the rules are "different for trans women", Ms Sturgeon admitted: "Well, yes." Earlier this month, the Government blocked a new law intended to allow trans people in Scotland to change their legal gender without a medical diagnosis.   DON'T MISS:Sunak refuses to cut taxes as PM throws weight behind 'tough' choices [INSIGHT]Starmer facing sleaze crisis as THREE Labour MPs now braced for probe [REVEAL]Sunak vows to 'detain and remove' illegal migrants in major crackdown [REPORT]  The aim of the legislation is to make it easier for trans people to change their legal gender and get a gender recognition certificate (GRC), which is seen as an integral part of trans inclusion. Westminster’s decision to block the bill from going for royal assent is the first time Section 35 has been used.  Scottish Trans has said the current requirements for applying for a Gender Recognition Certificate are overly laborious, saying: "The time, evidence, and money required, as well as the emotional toll of potentially having an application rejected, mean that many trans people do not apply – even those who have otherwise 'completed' every other aspect of their transition." It adds: "This is very frustrating for many trans men and women who find that this slow, bureaucratic process is preventing them from otherwise just getting on with their lives. DON'T MISS:Sunak refuses to cut taxes as PM throws weight behind 'tough' choices [INSIGHT]Starmer facing sleaze crisis as THREE Labour MPs now braced for probe [REVEAL]Sunak vows to 'detain and remove' illegal migrants in major crackdown [REPORT]  "Many trans people know they are trans a long time before they socially, medically, and legally transition, and do not make the choice to do so lightly. "Requiring at least two years of evidence is then an excessively long and arbitrary amount of time to ensure that someone is certain they want to change their legal sex, especially as they also have to make a statutory declaration as part of the process."  But critics say the law undermines sexual equality and poses a risk to women’s safety. In an interview with the BBC, Ms Sturgeon stressed there are very few transgender prisoners in Scotland, representing only just 0.2 percent of the overall prison population.  