Many councils have said they will increase their charges by five percent meaning many taxpayers will face council tax bills of more than £2,000 for the first time. Fortunately, there are ways to help ease the burden of this tax bill while some people do not need to pay the tax at all. Those who miss a payment will be classed as in ‘arrears’, meaning they owe money to the council. Citizens Advice encourages people in this situation to contact their council immediately to talk about their tax bill and situation. If a person ignores being in arrears, they could be taken to court by their council and could have to pay court costs on top of their bill. Those who are struggling to pay can also ask their council if they can pay in smaller, regular amounts. READ MORE: State pension age increase could be slowed as Government review looms Citizens Advice has a budgeting tool a person can use to work out how much they can afford to spend on their council tax bill each month. It’s also worth a person finding out if they can get a discount on their council tax bill as they may not have to pay anything at all. Those who live alone can get a 25 percent discount while some people are counted as ‘disregarded’ when calculating the council tax rate for a home, meaning they would not be considered when the bill is calculated. If everyone who lives in a property is disregarded, the bill will be reduced by 50 percent. If a student or severely mentally impaired person lives in a home, there will be no council tax to pay.  Individuals are classified as disregarded if they are: READ MORE: State pension triple lock to offer ‘little light’ amid high inflation If a person lives with other adults but they are the only one responsible for paying, they may be able to get a discount through the Second Adult Rebate. People can usually apply using a form or online depending on the council. There may also be the option to apply over the phone. Local councils can also cancel a bill altogether through a ‘discretionary reduction’, if a person can prove they are in financial hardship. A person can find out who their local council is using a tool on the Government website.