ITV has now confirmed a new "middle-aged" Love Island series, which will encourage single parents to audition for a spot in a villa with others looking for love. The show, which has been named The Romance Retreat, will invite “vibrant” hopefuls to spend time at a luxury retreat in the hope of starting a relationship. While islanders for the ITV2 series are usually scouted or audition for a spot on the show, The Romance Retreat will ask children to nominate their parents. A synopsis reads: “ITV1 are looking for vibrant single parents from across the UK who are in search of love, for a brand new dating show! "This is the ONLY dating show where single parents can search for love, by spending time in a luxury retreat, where all the parents have been nominated by their grown up children." Potential hopefuls were also given a first-look at the “villa” which will be used. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz The luxury retreat features large windows and a white exterior with a large balcony. A large, lush garden surrounds the property for plenty of private and romantic moments. Rumours of a middle-ages Love Island have been circulating for some time with a TV source previously stating: “Times change and the current generation in their 40s and 50s still care about how they look, are fit and healthy, into fashion and are ready to let their hair down. “This show will give those who settled down young a second chance at love while they still feel in their prime.” They added to The Sun: “And, let’s face it, they know their minds, will be capable of intelligent conversation and are likely to be much more adventurous — all ingredients regular Love Island sometimes lacks.” Current Love Island host Maya Jama is fully supportive of the new series and previously called for Alison Hammond to sign up. Maya said: “I think it should be all ages, get them all in, get the Nans and Grandads… maybe next time!” When she asked if Alison would go in it herself, the This Morning host smiled, “I don’t know… maybe I would. It is lovely weather…” DON'T MISS...Love Island star issued 'warning' on being intimate [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders fans distracted as Love Island star makes cameo [WATCH]GMB backlash as viewers slam Love Island coverage [REACTION] Davina McCall has also shared her interest in hosting the series. She told Steven Bartlett on his Diary of a CEO podcast: “[I have] no embarrassment or shame about emailing a TV company or the head of a TV company and going 'Have you thought about this?’” Davina claimed: “"I could fill a villa in Love Island with middle-aged people with the best back stories you have ever heard in your life. "They've lived a life – they're widows, they're people who have been through horrific divorces. “They are people who have split up with somebody and decided they want to try going out with somebody the same sex as them. "They're like interesting people. I'd watch that show." Love Island airs Sunday-Friday on ITV2 at 9pm.