A distraught husband was held back by police after discovering his wife dying in the street following a mass shooting in Plymouth, an inquest has heard. Kate Shepherd was one of the five victims of Jake Davison when he opened fire in Keyham, Plymouth in August 2021. Her husband John said he came across emergency services working on a body and realised it was his wife but "could only see her feet" and "wasn't allowed to get any closer". after he became worried when she didn't return home In a statement read to South Devon Coroner's Court by John's eldest son George, he said it was "out of character" for Kate to not answer her phone after John texted and called multiple times. The statement said: "It was whilst looking that I came across the scene of the shooting. "I could see a whole team of people from the emergency services working on someone, it was Kate. "There were screens around her, and I could only see her feet. I wasn't allowed to get any closer as they were busy working on her. "I told a female police officer that my wife Kate had not returned home, I asked was it definitely her. I was told after a short time it was Kate." Mrs Shepherd was the final victim of Davison after she was shot before he turned the gun on himself. John said he was "numb" after realising what happened and the doctor told him she had died. "We were all in shock", he said. READ MORE: Police officer in his 20s charged with two counts of rape In a tribute, the family said she was a "colourful" character who has recently celebrated her ruby wedding anniversary and become a grandparent for the first time. They said: "She was colourful in her painting, her textile designs, and her clothing choices; colourful in her plants, her attitudes; even colourful in her language sometimes. "Kate will live forever in our hearts as a vibrantly courageous artist, a fiercely protective mother, a loyal wife, a kind friend, and a great aunt who lit up birthdays with her beautiful handmade cards." DON'T MISS: Thousands of NHS nurses begin two-day strike over pay disputes todayFamily of Surrey dog attack victim speak of ‘difficult time’ as investigation continuesPlymouth shooter’s family describe ‘pain and heaviness’ over loss of life     Mr Sheperd added: "I will be ever grateful for what Kate taught me throughout our life together. Her empathy, compassion and care for others was outstanding, Mr Shepherd said. "She was the hardest-working person I have ever met bar none. I have made thousands of decisions in my life, but the best by far was marrying Kate." Jake Davison, 22 also killed his mother Maxine, Sophie Martyn, three, her father, Lee, 43, and Stephen Washington, 59. The 22-year-old was previously referred to the Prevent scheme, which aims to stop people from becoming terrorists, by his mother in 2016. The Independent Office for Police Conduct is looking into how Davison was approved for a weapon in 2018. The inquest continues.