Sophie, Countess of Wessex, who is celebrating her 58th birthday today, is one of the most stylish royals. One of Sophie Wessex’s most sentimental pair of earrings were worn only two months ago.  Sophie Wessex is a member of the British Royal Family who seems to be sometimes recognised but often overlooked. Having turned out many retro looks during her royal years, when it comes to fashion, she’s the unsung hero of style. To celebrate the Countess of Wessex’s 58th birthday today, jewellery experts at UK retailer Steven Stone have taken a look at the ruby and diamond earrings that pay homage to her royal role. Sophie attended the Festival of Remembrance on Saturday, November 12, 2022.  Through words, song and storytelling, the festival commemorated the service and sacrifice of servicemen and women and marked the 40th anniversary of the Falklands war. Looking as elegant as ever, Sophie wore a lace dress with sheer black tights and a pair of black block heels accessorising with a pair of jaw-dropping ruby earrings. Sophie’s ruby and diamond cluster pendant earrings feature six two-carat oval pigeon blood rubies.  Having originated from Burma, pigeon blood rubies are of the highest quality.   There are three of each on Sophie’s earrings, and they’re surrounded by clusters of white round brilliant cut diamonds that total four carats. Steven Stone experts estimate the earrings to be worth $300,000, or roughly £250,000 in British Sterling.  Maxwell Stone, a Diamond Expert from Steven Stone, commented to Express.co.uk about these exquisite jewels. He said: “Featuring six two-carat oval cut pigeon blood rubies, Sophie’s ruby and diamond cluster pendant earrings are stunning. READ MORE: Doria Ragland lives in £678,000 lime green house near Meghan Markle  "Having originated from Burma, pigeon blood rubies are of the highest quality. "There are three on each of Sophie’s earrings, surrounded by clusters of white round brilliant cut diamonds that total four carats.  "As the Countess of Wessex, it’s always a sentimental choice when Sophie wears ruby jewellery, as red is the primary colour of the county of Wessex's flag. "I’d estimate this particular pair of earrings to be worth $300,000 (£250,000).”   The official flag of Wessex is red and as the Countess of Wessex, Sophie frequently pays tribute to the county in South East England through her outfits and accessories. It’s touching to see that Sophie wore ruby jewellery to the Festival of Remembrance as by wearing the county's colour, she’s paying homage to her royal role.  Believed to have been one of Queen Elizabeth II’s favourite daughters-in-law, Sophie is heavily committed to royal duty and her husband, Prince Edward.  The royal couple has emerged as two of the most reliable members of the Royal Family and has represented the British Royal Family both in the UK and abroad on several occasions each year.