Cop Maegan Hall admitted she was “stupid and desperate” after being fired over sex romps with multiple police officers while "on the verge of divorce".  The 26-year-old confessed to the sordid affairs after she was confronted by an internal investigator.  According to the transcript of the Hall’s interview, first obtained by WSMV 4, the dismissed officer said: “Me and my husband were kind of on the verge of a divorce and I just cracked and then it just kind of got out of hand. “I got stupid, I got desperate, I guess and guys are guys and they’ll stick their d***s in anything.” Ms Hall sat down with La Vergne Police Department’s head of human resources Andrew Patton for three interviews. Hall admitted to performing oral sex on Sergeant Lewis Powell inside a police substation. JUST IN: US mum accused of strangling her three children before jumping out of window   She also claimed their affair involved “a lot of sex” and came after troubles emerged in her marriage. Hall claimed her relationship with Powell concluded after she told him she was sexually involved with someone else. READ MORE: Woman on trial accused of poisoning her lookalike friend with cheesecake to steal identity   Hall confessed to having sex with colleague Larry Holladay. She also claimed to have a threesome with fellow police officer Patrick Magliocco and his wife and detailed how she tried but failed to coax her husband into a wife swap. Hall and multiple officers reportedly exchanged nude images. Five officers, including Hall, were suspended following the sex scandal. DON'T MISSUS tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China [REVEALED]Tyre Nichols was talented amateur skateboarder, friends' videos show [INSIGHT]Father of three ‘strangled’ kids begs for wife’s forgiveness [SPOTLIGHT]  Sergeant Powell, Officer Juan Lugo, Sergeant McGowan and Detective Seneca Shields were dismissed following an internal probe. Magliocco and Holladay were reportedly suspended but kept their jobs. Despite the scandal, Ms Hall claimed she and her husband were hoping to stay together and plan to go to couples’ therapy. She said: “It wasn’t easy but I’m glad I told him.” 