 Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner won Best Actor for his role as John Dutton on the hit Paramount Network series but due to the Santa Barbara county floods, he wasn’t able to attend the ceremony. However, as Regina Hall accepted the award on his behalf, she appeared to mock his reasonings which some fans have now taken exception to and branded "rude". The prestigious Golden Globes Awards took place on Tuesday to acknowledge and reward some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry. The beloved Kevin Costner was among the winners of the night after bagging the award for Best Actor in a Television Series. Although he had all intentions of attending, Kevin wasn’t able to accept his award in person due to the Santa Barbara floodings. As host Regina Hall accepted the award on his behalf, she couldn’t help but squeeze in a few laughs at his reasoning. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash  While reading from the teleprompter, she stated: “Kevin Costner, he so much wanted to–” but laughed and remarked: “I always like how they write this.” As she struggled to regain her composure, she shared he was unable to attend due to "the unprecedented weather and flooding". She stirred unforgettable laughter from the audience as she added he had to “shelter in place in Santa Barbara". As Kevin took to Instagram to a message of gratitude to viewers, his castmates and crew, viewers highlighted their anger at Regina’s hosting.    Alongside a photo of his character John Dutton, Kevin wrote: “Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press and @goldenglobes for this tremendous honor and to the @yellowstone team for bringing John Dutton’s world to life. “I share this recognition with my castmates, the producers, and our incredible crew. “Most of all, thank you to our show’s fans, who love Yellowstone Ranch as if it were their own.” While many congratulated the actor, others hit out at the Golden Globes and Regina. DON'T MISS...Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry [INSIGHT]Lily James turns up the heat with busty displays at Golden Globes [INSIGHT]Eddie Murphy mocks Will Smith in Golden Globes speech over Oscars slap [INSIGHT]  @penneyjosumrell commented: “Congratulations! The presenter owes you a public apology for being so rude.” A second viewer @stephkat73 added: “Well deserved and I do not think Regina Hall was very funny tonight when she was mocking you for not being there! Stay safe! Fellow California resident.” @lindadindak shared: “I feel bad the presenter for your award was so annoying.” A fuming @horanliza wrote: “Well deserved. To the presenter who was so lost about current conditions in SBC, educate yourself. This has been a challenging couple weeks.”    @lee55ry stated: “Congrats Big Fan of You and Yellowstone! Agree Presenter totally Rude. Stay Safe Californians and Kevin and Family. Dealing w SF Bay Area Rains as well.” A sixth fan @sl_mtini raged: “The presenter gave Kevin Costner no respect! #goldenglobesepicfail.” (sic) Regina did regain control towards the end as she continued: “Everyone, we do, we pray and we hope those affected by these storms remain safe. “And I’m going to accept that award right there, on your behalf, Kevin.” Yellowstone season 5 returns to Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in the Summer of 2023.