Chelsea have been slammed by Gabby Agbonlahor over their transfer policy that saw Joao Felix announced as their latest addition, as the club confirmed a loan deal from Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. There is no option to make a move permanent for the Portugal star and in addition to the £9million loan fee that the Blues have paid to the La Liga side, they will also be covering the entirety of his wages. Felix became Chelsea’s fourth signing of the month after Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos and they are hoping to further bolster Graham Potter’s squad, who are currently sitting tenth in the Premier League table amid growing pressure on the boss. Mykhaylo Mudryk has been mentioned with a potential move to Stamford Bridge as the Blues looked to hijack Arsenal’s deal for the 22-year-old winger, but former Aston Villa striker Agbonlahor has slammed both the pursuit of Mudryk and the signing of Felix. “I don’t think so [Felix being the answer to Chelsea’s issues],” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “Chelsea have got issues, and it’s getting embarrassing. Arsenal say they want Mudryk, then Chelsea bid for him. “Man[chester] United are in for Felix, and now Chelsea have got him. It’s like they’re playing Football Manager. It’s a panic signing, and they’re in a weird place at the moment. Watching him, I think he’ll get bullied in the Premier League.” After bursting onto the scene at Benfica, Felix moved to Atletico under Diego Simeone for £111m in 2019. The pair’s relationship had become strained, however, as the forward struggled to live up to his price tag and scored five goals in 20 appearances in all competitions for the Spanish side this season. DON'T MISSArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfRonaldo's girlfriend has strict Saudi rules to follow with ban on public eating Chelsea have also struggled in front of goal this season, but boss Potter has disagreed with the critics and is looking forward to working with the 24-year-old. “He’s a quality player,” Potter said ahead of Thursday’s trip to Fulham, which could be the scene for Felix’s debut. “He can make a difference in the final third of the pitch. He’s young but has still had a lot of really good experience. He’s just a quality player that gives everyone a lift. “We’ve been aware of [him] for a while – these kinds of things don’t happen quickly. The injuries have sharpened the focus a little bit. Still it’s nice to get him here, to get him training today. That’s a positive for us. “He’s a good age, the quality is there. He’s a fantastic player. His quality is in terms of playing as a second striker, playing between the lines, making things happen in the final third. So we’re looking forward to working with him.”