A father-of-two spent £93,000 and three months transforming a vacant church into a gym, where he has asked users not to swear. Joe Newbold has transformed Culmstock Methodist Church, Devon into his gym, Mypremcoach after relocating. He is advising gym users to keep quiet and keep the swearing to a minimum after moving his gym to new premises. Joe said the space "fit the bill" with room for "everything I wanted" after not being used as a church since 2018. The 41-year-old lives with his wife and two teenage children and always wanted to open his own premises after starting his business five years ago. But this space is a bit different. Joe said swearing and "curse words" will be kept to a minimum out of respect for the premises' history. He said: "I’ve seen personal training studios and knew I wanted something unique and completely different. “The crucifix has gone now; they took it to use elsewhere. The music we use will also not be coming out of an organ.  "Training in the chapel will be no different to anywhere else. "Hopefully, we’ll keep the curse words to a minimum, but outside of that, there’ll still be plenty of blood, sweat and tears going on and hopefully not too much screaming.” Speaking out what his clients think of the space he said most have been "pleasantly surprised". He continued: "From looking outside to coming in, they didn’t know what to make. "We still have touches of the former chapel, such as memorials and carvings in the wall, and stained glass windows, as trying to keep the unique features was a big part of it.” READ MORE:Two men charged in connection with murder of Ashley Dale Joe has been in the industry for nearly 25 years and now trains around 50 people on a weekly basis. His passion dates back to his teenage years when he worked as a lifeguard at a leisure centre. He said: “A big part of my training and coaching is the physical side, but not just the physical side." He continued: “It’s the psychological side as well. We are trying to tap into habit changes and coaching people on their lifestyles rather than just making people sweat. "A lot of my clients I see for one, two or three hours a week, but there are 168 hours in the week. If I can’t help them in the other 160-odd hours when they’re not here, the results don’t happen for them. "My coaching is always about results and getting results with people. "A big part of that is consistency. With that is long-term habit change rather than just coming for a quick workout and then off you go. "My goal is always to get people the results they want and then to the point where they can look after themselves long term."