In the latest edition of The Martin Lewis Podcast on BBC Radio 5live, finance journalist Martin Lewis suggested a lucrative “game” to bolster savings as the cost of living bites. Coined the “1p challenge”, savers can amass up to £668 in one year just by saving pennies, daily. To help Britons short of cash searching for simple ways to save, Mr Lewis described the game as one that “people have been doing for years”, explaining that there is a “whole community” on the Money Saving Expert forum that currently does it. Mr Lewis said: "It's called the 1p challenge, and if you've started a few days late it's fine. "What you do, is you put away 1p on January 1, 2p on January 2, 3p on January 3, and so on. You keep adding a penny all the way through the year until the last day of the year you're putting in £3.65. "If you do that until the end of the year, you will have saved £668.” READ MORE: Bad habits to avoid if you don't want to pay £285 more on energy bills  Exploring the benefits of the challenge, Mr Lewis explained how saving a penny more each day throughout the year can provide a handy pot to help those struggling during tougher times - such as the period after Christmas. He said: "Of course, not everyone will be able to do it, of course, times are tough and putting any money away is very difficult for people. But if you struggle to make yourself save small amounts, try that little game.” Mr Lewis continued: "If you need it in the middle of the year, you need it, so use the money. But if you can possibly avoid it, many people love the 1p challenge." DON'T MISS: Britons need ‘at least £33,600’ for ‘comfortable’ retirement [ANALYSIS]Millions of Britons missing out on 50 percent boost to savings [EXPLAINED]Yorkshire Building Society increases interest rates again [INSIGHT]    One person who benefited from the challenge was mum-of-three Kate Richards, 33, from Huddersfield. Explaining how she tackled the challenge by saving the money through the IFTTT app, Ms Richards said: “There's an app and it automatically moves money into your account for you. By the end of the year, you've got £667.95 and you don't notice it coming out every day. She continued: "I've done it since 2019 and used it every year for Christmas shopping. They also do it in reverse and start with £3.65 and go down. It links up to the bank and you get a notification each day, you don't have to think about it and it's great.” However, for those hoping for higher returns at the end of the year, trying the 52-week £1 challenge could also be an option. READ MORE: Mum hoping to retire at 40 now fears she'll be working decades longer     Savers start by setting aside £1 on the first week, then £2 on the second week, then £3 on the third week, and so on. The challenge sees savers setting aside what they saved the week before while adding another pound a week later. After a year of doing this, savers could end up with a ­£1,378 savings pot. On the challenge, Mat Megens, CEO and founder of HyperJar previously said: “Sometimes, healthy competition can be a great method of motivating yourself – especially if you do it with a friend or family member.” Alternatively, Mr Megens continued: “You can also try the pound-a-day challenge, or create your own game.”  To accumulate the optimum savings, the challenge is designed to be carried out over the course of a year, however, those who stop a month short or miss a week here and there will still have the opportunity to save up to £1,000. However, as good as the challenges may sound, they can be tough to stick to - especially the daily penny savings amid busy schedules. But for this reason, Mr Megen suggested: "It’s easier to do something when you have someone else to do it with. Getting yourself an accountability partner – or a money buddy – to match savings with you can act as a really effective way to save money.” 