Figures from Retirement Living Standards outline that retired couples who want a comfortable retirement will need to have £49,700 a year available, for those living outside of London. This would provide enough funds for three weeks’ holiday in Europe and £94 for groceries. This would also allow £1,500 for each person to spend on clothing and footwear over the course of the year and would fund two cars, to be replaced every five years. Retired couples who would be willing to take on a more moderate lifestyle would still need £30,600 a year, paying for a £74 weekly food shop and two weeks in Europe and a long weekend in the UK. To live on the minimum retirement living standards level, couples would need £16,700 to get by, and this amount would still leave “some left over for fun”, according to the group. People on this budget would have to reduce their weekly food shop to £67 a week and would not be able to have a car. READ MORE: Mum explains how you could amass £3,330 this year starting with just 5p They would also only have enough funds for some DIY maintenance about their property and decorating one room a year, and would have just £10 to spend on each birthday present. Single retired people who want a comparable comfortable lifestyle would need £33,600 a year. A moderate lifestyle for a single person would still cost them £20,800 a year while a basic minimal lifestyle would cost £10,900 a year. Jonathan Watts-Lay, director at WEALTH at work, urged Britons to plan ahead to make sure they can afford to retire.  He said: “Do you have enough put aside to be able to afford to retire or do you need to work a little longer, or perhaps work part-time? “Many people may be questioning this right now, especially if their pension has fallen in value due to market volatility.” He said people should think about how long they expect to live when planning their finances for their retirement. The retirement expert said: “Also, keep in mind that when you retire, you are likely to be paying less income tax, no National Insurance (NI), mortgages and loans may be paid off, you will have no more pension contributions, and any children are likely to be financially independent. READ MORE: Mum-of-four shares 'good' tool to ‘see the difference’ on family's energy bills “With these reductions in costs, the income you need in retirement is likely to be significantly less than you require during your working life.” Britons on the state pension will get some extra help towards covering their costs from next April, when payments increase by 10.1 percent. Pensioners on the full new state pension will see their weekly payments increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. Those on the full basic state pension will see their payments go up from £141.85 a week to £156.20. People on the state pension may also want to check if they are eligible for cost of living payments in 2023, which could add up to more than £1,000 to their income for this year only. Claimants of Pension Credit and other means-tested benefits are to get a £900 cost of living payment, with a £301 instalment in Spring and a £300 instalment in Autumn. The specific dates for these payments have yet to be released. A £150 disability cost of living payment will be paid over the summer, which some state pensioners may be eligible for. The yearly Winter Fuel Payment for next Winter is also being supplemented by a top-up of between £100 and £300 depending on a person’s situation.