A man accused of torturing a woman he held captive, and who was previously convicted of keeping another woman in captivity, is using dating apps to find people who can help him avoid the police or to find new victims, authorities said on Friday. "The investigation has revealed that the suspect is actively using online dating applications to contact unsuspecting individuals who may be lured into assisting with the suspect’s escape or potentially as additional victims,” police in the city of Grant Pass, Oregon, US said. Benjamin Obadiah Foster, 36, is the subject of an intensive, round-the-clock search by police after a woman was found unconscious, bound and near death at a property in southwestern Oregon on Tuesday. She was hospitalised in a critical condition. The suspect managed to escape before officers arrived and investigator, who believe it was Foster, asked members of the public to call 911 immediately if they see him. They warn he “should be considered extremely dangerous”. Police said Foster “likely received assistance in fleeing the area”. A 68-year-old woman was arrested “for Hindering Prosecution” as authorities searched for the suspect, according to the department. As the manhunt continues, police have offered a $2,500 reward for information leading to the arrest and prosecution of Foster, who is charged with attempted murder, kidnapping and assault in the attack on the Oregon woman. READ MORE: Manhunt underway for depraved man who allegedly tortured woman he held captive Foster has a previous record for holding a woman captive. In 2019, before moving to Oregon, Foster held his then-girlfriend captive inside her Las Vegas apartment for two weeks. He initially was charged with five felonies, including assault and battery, and faced decades in prison upon conviction. But in August 2021, Foster reached a deal with Clark County prosecutors that allowed him to plead guilty to one felony count of battery and a misdemeanor count of battery constituting domestic violence. DON'T MISSRon DeSantis to run for President as he builds up team [INSIGHT]Tyre Nichols' mother speaks out after police killing [LATEST]Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car [REPORT] A judge sentenced him to up to two and a half years in a Nevada prison. The 729 days he had spent in jail awaiting trial were factored into his punishment, leaving Foster with fewer than 200 days to serve in state custody. Foster’s girlfriend suffered seven broken ribs, two black eyes and injuries from being bound at the wrists and ankles with zip ties and duct tape during her two-week captivity, according to a Las Vegas police report. The woman also told police she was forced to eat lye and was choked to the point of unconsciousness. She escaped when Foster let her out of his sight during a trip together to a grocery store and gas station. READ MORE: Student, 23, killed after being hit by police car but cops refuse to put officer on leave Court records show Foster was out of custody at the time on a suspended jail sentence for carrying a concealed weapon without a permit. He also was awaiting trial in another 2018 case involving domestic violence. Grants Pass Police Chief Warren Hensman told AP on Thursday that it is “extremely troubling” that Foster was out and able to prey on other women instead of still being behind bars for the Nevada crimes. Grants Pass is a town of some 40,000 in southwest Oregon. “We are using every piece of technology available to locate this man,” said Hensman, the police chief. Mr Hensman said he didn’t have time to think about how authorities in Nevada handled Foster’s crimes there. “Whatever happened in the past,” he said, “we can talk about those situations later".