America has warned another “bomb cyclone” storm is bearing down as freak weather continues to cause widespread misery. Monday saw at least two die after record rainfall drenched the west coast of the US, with highways and homes submerged. As the pressure system moves east and risks tornados, forecasters have warned more rain will come. FOX Weather meteorologist Britta Merwin says there is a chance for a “bomb cyclone” forming later this week, with a stronger storm bringing more chaos. According to the FOX Forecast Center, most areas in California will generally see less than an inch of rain from Monday's system, and up to six inches of snow could fall in the mountains. "Weather-wise, it's not too bad (in California for Tuesday), especially considering what we had over the weekend," Ms Merwin said. "But we definitely have a lot more on the way. And the concern is what's going to be happening Wednesday, Thursday and Friday." Meanwhile, AccuWeather meteorologists agree California faces another "atmospheric river" this week, while the Midwest and South can expect damaging weather. After the weekend deluge, the newest storm was forecast to sweep across Northern California before dipping into Southern California throughout today. Rainfall could reach one inch in some areas, AccuWeather forecasted, followed by an even more potent storm poised to slam Northern California late Tuesday and Wednesday. "The slow-moving nature of the storm and its moisture will lead to multiple hours of moderate to heavy rain," AccuWeather Senior Meteorologist Joe Lundberg said. READ MORE: Kevin McCarthy bid for Speaker under pressure from own party The weather agency also noted that San Francisco and some nearby coastal areas could see another two to four inches of rain. Residents just north of the Bay Area could see rainfall totals reaching four to eight inches, while the Los Angeles area could see up to two inches of rain. The storms will result in a "high risk of dangerous and perhaps life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides", especially in the northern and central parts of California, forecasters said. It comes just days after downtown San Francisco recorded 5.46 inches of rain, the highest one-day total in more than 28 years and the city's second-wettest day in 174 years of record-keeping. DON'T MISSPrince Harry hits out at Royal Family 'betrayal' in new clipWoman chased girl, 15, and stabbed her Chihuahua in horrifying attackNFL star in critical condition after collapsing on field during game Forecasts come after two people died in California due to a storm over New Year. Officials said at least two people have died due to the storm: a driver found inside a vehicle submerged in floodwaters in Sacramento and a 72-year-old man killed by a fallen tree at Lighthouse Field State Beach in Santa Cruz. The National Weather Service said that over the past week, high elevations of California, a state that has been battling a multiyear drought, received upwards of 14 inches of rain in the past week.