Chelsea have reportedly made approaches for both Dani Olmo and Marcus Thuram as alternative options should Mykhaylo Mudryk indicate that his preference is to join Arsenal. Both Chelsea and the Gunners have been holding talks with Shakhtar Donetsk in recent days to try and thrash out a deal for the highly-rated winger. Arsenal have already had two bids rejected while Chelsea are looking to hijack the move. Shakhtar are supposedly holding out for a fee in the region of £85million, which is far higher than Arsenal's last offer of £62m. But the Gunners haven't given up hope of completing a deal for the Ukraine international, who is said to favour a move to the Emirates. He's dropped several hints in recent weeks that he would like to join Arsenal due to his social media activity. However, Arsenal's reluctance to meet Shakhtar's demands have opened the door for Chelsea to swoop in and steal Mudryk from under their noses. Graham Potter's side are yet to make a formal offer to the Ukraine side and the Daily Mail claim Chelsea want 'reassurances' from Mudryk before they do so. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  The report states that Chelsea want to make sure Mudryk is in favour of a move to Stamford Bridge over the Gunners before they lodge their bid. In a precautionary move in case things don't go their way in talks, Chelsea have supposedly picked out two alternatives. It's said they've already made approaches for both Thuram and Olmo should Mudryk indicate his preference is to join Arsenal. The Borussia Monchengladbach is being strongly linked with a move away from the Bundesliga club this month.  He's out of contract in the summer and looks unlikely to sign a new deal with clubs all over Europe considering a move. Manchester United have been linked with the French forward, who is the son of France football legend Lilian Thuram. Olmo meanwhile has 18 months left on his contract at RB Leipzig and has indicated in the past that he'd like to move back to his native country Spain. Leipzig have so far tried and failed to get the Spaniard to sign a new deal, opening the door for a possible move in the near future. The 24-year-old has impressed in the Bundesliga over the past few years and has established himself as a regular in Spain's starting line-up.