Russia has built the first nuclear warheads for its Poseidon super torpedoes - bragging they are "practically indestructible.” A defence source told state news agency Tass: "The first Poseidon ammunition loads have been manufactured, and the Belgorod submarine will receive them in the near future.” The Poseidon project was unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2018, with the Russian President hailing it as a fundamentally new strategic nuclear weapon complete with its own nuclear power source. He boasted: ""They are very low noise, have high maneuverability and are practically indestructible for the enemy. "There is no weapon that can counter them in the world today." According to the insider, trials of core components of Poseidon underwater drones, including the nuclear power unit, had been completely successfully. The Project 09852 special-purpose submarine Belgorod, the first to carry Poseidon nuclear-powered underwater drones, took to sea in April, 2019. It was initially planned to be delivered to the Navy in 2020, but this was delayed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. The craft is designed to undertake research and rescue operations and can carry deep-water rescue and autonomous unmanned submersible vehicles. Under Russia’s state armament program which runs until 2027, shipbuilders will deliver three special-purpose nuclear-powered submarines to the Russian Navy. READ MORE: Heartbreaking image shows woman in the rubble of Russian airstrike Speaking to Express.co.uk in 2019, Iain Ballantyne, the editor of Warships IFR magazine, told Express.co.uk: “The new variant of the Oscar II, the Belgorod – which is to start sea trials next year - can reportedly carry and launch the large Poseidon nuclear-powered and nuclear-tipped Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUV). “Looking like a massive torpedo, the Poseidon has a top speed around 100 knots, a range of several thousand miles and can supposedly go as deep as 3,000ft." He continued: “With a 100-megaton warhead it can be fired from secure zones in the Arctic – what Russians call Bastions – to potentially hit targets in the USA or Europe. “It can detonate in civilian ports and naval base harbours and render them completely useless for a long time, while killing many people. “It could also cause serious harm to a carrier battle group, which would be hard pressed to defend itself and fend one off before it detonated.” Mr Ballantyne nevertheless stressed that there was some scepticism in the West about whether Mr Putin’s “so-called wonder weapons” were “practical weapons in reality”. He explained: “Just as in the latter part of the Cold War, when NATO submarine forces had to counter very advanced submarines, such as the famed Alfa attack boat, the West will have to formulate strategies and introduce new technologies just in case Putin’s wonder weapons, including Poseidon, do work. “A lesson from the past for the Russians, is that for all its fearsome qualities of being very fast and deep diving the Alfa attack submarine was in the end very tricky to operate and, ultimately, an experimental dead end. “It did cause quite a few sleepless nights for NATO during the Cold War, however, and that is the Kremlin’s aim today - to keep the West off balance, and to deter NATO from making any moves Putin considers counter to Russia’s interests at home or abroad.”