Prince Harry has spoken about his “special relationship” with the late Queen Elizabeth II on numerous occasions. It has been reported that, despite the royal rift that has fractured the Royal Family in recent years, Her Majesty always remained supportive of her grandson and his family. When Harry and his wife Meghan Markle announced their plans to step back from their full-time royal duties, the Queen assured the public that they remained “a valued part of my family”. In turn, Harry continually showed his support for the Queen. Now, Express.co.uk looks back at their relationship over the years, from the birth of the Prince to the death of the monarch. Harry was born to then-Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, in September 1984, becoming the Queen and Prince Philip's fourth grandchild. As a member of the Royal Family and son of one the “most famous women in the world”, he grew up in the spotlight, attending royal events alongside his family from a young age. Then in August 1997, tragedy struck when Princess Diana was involved in a fatal car crash. Harry and his older brother were staying at Balmoral — the Royal Family’s Scottish estate — when they learned of their mother’s death. In the wake of the tragedy, the Queen chose to stay with the young princes in Scotland, a decision met with controversy at the time. However, according to Princess Anne, the monarch made the right call, saying the young boys would not “have been able to cope” in London. “My mother did exactly the right thing,” the Princess Royal said, speaking to ITV News in 2017. “It's absolutely extraordinary that any right-minded thinking parent should believe there would have been an alternative to bring those children down here to London in all that hoo-ha.” She continued: “I just don't know how you could think that would have been the better thing to do.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan getting 'confused' with feud timings as claims about rift questioned “I don't think either of those two would have been able to cope if they had been anywhere else,” Anne added. “They had that structure, they had people around them who could understand, give them the time, little time that they had, which was never going to be very much, to try and come — even in a fleeting sense — to terms with what had happened.” The Queen remained a figure of support throughout the boys’ childhoods and teenage years. Both Harry and William attended Eton College, a boys' boarding school just over a 20-minute walk away from Windsor Castle. Notably, the monarch, who acted as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, supported both the Princes' military careers. In May 2005, Harry entered the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and went on to become a Second Lieutenant in the Household Cavalry and eventually a captain in 2011. In 2007, Harry was sent to Afghanistan for the first time where he spent 77 days as a Forward Air Controller – he had to be pulled out of the operation after an Australian magazine disclosed his whereabouts. Five years later, in 2012, he began his second tour of Afghanistan where he completed a four-month stint as an Apache Pilot with the Army Air Corps. Then, in 2014, when Harry founded the Invictus Games — a sporting event for wounded or sick military personnel and veterans — she showed her support as a long-standing advocate. In 2016, Her Majesty appeared in a playful video to promote that year’s games, demonstrating the close bond between her and her grandson. With the backdrop of Windsor Castle, Harry leaned into the Queen and showed her a short video on his phone. In it were then-President Barack Obama and his wife First Lady Michelle Obama teasing him about the upcoming Games. They said the US was going to win big and one of the servicemen surrounding the Obamas sent out a triumphant “boom” to underscore the message. But Harry and his grandmother appeared unphased by the boast, with the video showing the Queen shrugging her shoulders and saying: “Boom, really? Please.” Harry looked at the camera, adding: “Boom,” while imitating a mic drop. Body language expert Judi James previously told Express.co.uk that Harry brought out his grandmother's “fun side”. “The body language signals of the strong emotional bonds between Harry and his grandmother the Queen were always a joy to watch,” she said in September. “Harry seemed to lack the caution of his brother and father when they were with the Queen and his more spontaneous, relaxed, fun approach seemed to bring out the same qualities in her. As the second son, he seemed to be indulged by his granny, who presumably could enjoy his company and even his naughty side, without the burden of having to mentor a future heir to the throne.” Also in 2016, Harry started dating Meghan Markle — an LA-born actress — who seemingly got the Queen’s approval relatively quickly. Meghan was fast-tracked into royal life and after a year of dating, she and Harry got engaged. A month later, in December 2017, Meghan made history as the first royal fiancee to join the family for Christmas at Sandringham, breaking a long-standing tradition of waiting until after the wedding. Meghan fully recognised the special relationship Her Majesty shared with Harry. She said in an interview following her and Harry’s engagement: “To be able to meet her through his lens, not just with his honour and respect for her as the monarch, but the love that he has for her as his grandmother, all of those layers have been so important for me so that when I met her, I had such a deep understanding and, of course, incredible respect for being able to have that time with her. She’s an incredible woman.” Not long after Harry and Meghan married in May 2018, the newly-appointed Duchess of Sussex embarked on her first solo engagement with the Queen, travelling aboard the Royal Train to open the new Mersey Gateway Bridge in Cheshire in  June of that year. Meghan reflected on the special occasion during her interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. She said: “I just really loved being in her company. We were in the car going between engagements. And she has a blanket that sits across her knees for warmth, and it was chilly. And she was like, ‘Meghan, come on’, and put it over my knees as well. It made me think of my grandmother, where she’s always been warm and inviting and really welcoming.” The couple supported the monarch and the Royal Family as working members of the Firm for the next year, carrying out official engagements, travelling to Commonwealth countries and engaging a younger generation of royal watchers. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry breaks cover to go on dog walk after William attack claim [REVEAL]Inside 'Nott Cott' kitchen where Harry claims William 'attacked him' [INSIGHT]This Morning row erupts over Royal Family's 'dignified silence' [ANALYSIS] However, it soon became clear that there were tensions brewing within the House of Windsor. Harry and Meghan did not spend Christmas at Sandringham in 2019, instead choosing to travel to Canada to spend the festive season with Doria Ragland, Meghan’s mother. This decision was said to disappoint the Queen and her husband Prince Philip. It also meant that 2018 became the last Christmas Harry spent with his grandparents before their deaths. Then, in January 2020, the couple made a shock announcement outlining their intentions to step back as senior royals. Her Majesty responded to their requests by saying, in part: “My family and I are entirely supportive of Harry and Meghan’s desire to create a new life as a young family. Although we would have preferred them to remain full-time working Members of the Royal Family, we respect and understand their wish to live a more independent life as a family while remaining a valued part of my family.” A summit between the Queen, then-Prince Charles, Prince William and Harry was held at Sandringham Summit. There, it was decided that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be stepping down from their roles entirely. Harry spoke about the meeting during his and Meghan’s Netflix documentary series, which aired in December last year. The Prince said it was “terrifying” to have his brother “scream and shout” during the meeting. His father supposedly said things “that simply weren't true” and Her Majesty sat “quietly” taking it all in. “You have to understand,” Harry said, “from a family’s perspective, especially from hers, there are ways of doing things and her ultimate mission, goal/responsibility is the institution. People around her are telling her that proposal or these two doing x, y or z is going to be seen as an attack on the institution, then she’s going to go on the advice she’s been given.” Just days after the original January 2020 statement from the Queen, she continued to express her love for Harry, Meghan, and Archie, writing: “Harry, Meghan, and Archie will always be much-loved members of my family. I recognise the challenges they have experienced as a result of intense scrutiny over the last two years and support their wish for a more independent life. I want to thank them for all their dedicated work across the country, the Commonwealth, and beyond, and am particularly proud of how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family. It is my whole family’s hope that today’s agreement allows them to start building a happy and peaceful new life.” When Harry and Meghan confirmed their exit was permanent in February 2021, after a 12-month review period, the Queen insisted the Sussexes remained “much-loved members of the family”. The next month, the Duke and Duchess sat down for their explosive interview with Oprah, revealing never-before-heard details about their experiences within the institution. During the tell-all, it was revealed one Royal Family member made comments about Archie’s skin tone before he was born; Harry was quick to clarify that the offending member of the family was not the Queen or the Duke of Edinburgh. In April 2021, Harry made an unexpected return to the UK for the funeral of his grandfather. Meghan stayed in the US as she was heavily pregnant with her second child at the time. In an excerpt from his new book Spare, to be published on January 10, Harry describes turning up to Frogmore Gardens in Windsor after the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh. Just days before Philip's funeral, Harry adds that he woke up to “32 missed calls” before having a brief conversation with the Queen, in which she informed him of Philip's death. Harry recalls the “harrowing” conversation, in which the late monarch said: “Harry… , grandfather has passed away.” The Sussexes’ daughter was born in June 2021, and in what could be seen as the couple’s ultimate sign of affection for Queen Elizabeth was choosing to name their newborn, Lilibet, after Her Majesty, whose childhood nickname was Lilibet. In April 2022, the Duke and Duchess visited the UK for the first time as a couple since their exit. They returned in a secret ahead of their trip to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games and dropped in on the Queen at her Windsor Castle home. While at the Games in the days after, Harry sat down with NBC News’ Today show and gave insight into the status of his and his grandmother’s relationship. He said: “Being with her, it was great, it was just so nice to see her. She's on great form. She's always got a great sense of humour with me, and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected, and got the right people around her.” He added: “We have a really special relationship; we talk about things she can't talk about with anyone else.” Two months later, in June 2022, the couple returned with their children to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The celebratory weekend also marked Lilibet’s first birthday and the youngster met her namesake for the first time. When Harry and Meghan returned to the UK for a third time in 2022, they reportedly had no plans to meet up with their UK counterparts. However, when the Queen’s health began deteriorating, the couple dropped their prior engagements and Harry rushed to Balmoral to be with his family.  Reading his official statement after his grandmother’s death, published on his and Meghan’s Archewell website on September 12, makes it clear that their relationship remained close right until the very end. “In celebrating the life of my grandmother, Her Majesty The Queen—and in mourning her loss—we are all reminded of the guiding compass she was to so many in her commitment to service and duty,” the Prince said. “She was globally admired and respected. Her unwavering grace and dignity remained true throughout her life and now her everlasting legacy. Let us echo the words she spoke after the passing of her husband, Prince Philip, words which can bring comfort to all of us now: ‘Life, of course, consists of final partings as well as first meetings. “Granny, while this final parting brings us great sadness, I am forever grateful for all of our first meetings—from my earliest childhood memories with you, to meeting you for the first time as my Commander-in-Chief, to the first moment you met my darling wife and hugged your beloved great-grandchildren. I cherish these times shared with you, and the many other special moments in between. You are already sorely missed, not just by us, but by the world over. And as it comes to first meetings, we now honour my father in his new role as King Charles III.” He concluded: “Thank you for your commitment to service. Thank you for your sound advice. Thank you for your infectious smile. We, too, smile knowing that you and grandpa are reunited now, and both together in peace.”