Prince William has reportedly given up on trying to amend things with Prince Harry, as the heir to the throne fears that he has lost his younger brother following their ongoing feud. Royal expert Neil Sean said that a close source to Prince William told him that he has given up on trying to amend things with the Duke of Sussex, who now lives in the US. In one of his latest videos on his Youtube channel, Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, Mr Sean said: "According to a very good source, William is feeling pragmatic about the entire issue with his brother. "He feels that he has done everything in his power, his absolute best, to advise and guide Harry." He added: "Harry decided to take his own advice and now Prince William has told a very good source that he is resigned to the fact that he has lost his younger brother. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte made history at the age of two - and Anne and Lady Louise missed out "This is about mistrust. Even if he said let's forgive and forget, William feels there will always be a nagging feeling that if he lets Harry in, their conversations could be made public down the line." Mr Sean said, while he misses his younger brother, William "is focused on raising his three children with his wife Catherine". He concluded: "This could change in the future but it goes to show where the brothers are right now. He feels Harry is a lost cause." Prince Harry released his bombshell memoir Spare earlier this month, which included some surprising revelations about his older brother. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' after 'enjoying sympathy' from public  Prince Harry claimed that William had physically attacked him in 2019, during a disagreement over Meghan Markle. Harry claimed that William grabbed him by the collar and ripped his necklace, which led to the 38-year-old being pushed to the floor, causing visible injuries. The confrontation allegedly happened after William referred to the Duchess of Sussex as "difficult", "rude", and "abrasive", before growing violent. DON'T MISS A royal expert recently claimed that William feels "very betrayed" by Harry. Speaking on behalf of Spin Genie, royal expert Charles Rae said: "I think it has been and still is very difficult for William, in particular, to speak out, not just about the particular accusations against the Prince of Wales, but for the very fact that both William and Harry were so close. "I also believe William feels very betrayed by his younger brother, who may well harbour the same feelings of betrayal by his older brother".