Frank Lampard offered a blunt response when quizzed about his security as Everton manager, with pressure on his job at an all-time high after dropping into the relegation zone this week. The Toffees boss enters Friday's FA Cup clash at Manchester United on the brink but insists the club is going in the right direction under his leadership. Boos rang around Goodison Park on Tuesday night as Everton collapsed to a humiliating 4-1 defeat against Brighton and Hove Albion. Everton are 18th after 18 games, just three points off rock-bottom, and look destined for a second relegation battle in as many seasons since Lampard took charge. There is a sense that a third-round FA Cup exit at Old Trafford could be the final straw for Lampard. If that isn't, a poor result at home to relegation rivals Southampton next Saturday would all but seal his fate. However, the 44-year-old refused to be drawn into conversations about his future. When asked whether he had spoken to the club's board, he responded: "Private conversations... simple as that." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Lampard stressed that he thought Everton had made progress since he became manager, despite their precarious Premier League position. And he sent an indirect message to the Merseyside club to back him in the transfer window, crediting Arsenal's investment and results as inspiration. "I came here nearly a year ago, and my feeling was that I felt we were going in the direction of relegation. We managed to have an incredible time together to stay up," Lampard explained. "I knew this was going to be a tough journey. We are in that process, and I'm not silly, we need to get results. I want to be a success at this club. I enjoy working at this club. It is a real honour. DON'T MISS: Chelsea chief Todd Boehly's 'view' on snatching Mykhaylo Mudryk  "I have [seen progress] - in the way we have tried to take the squad forward. We have tried to bring in players to help us going forward. "In terms of the league position, not really, but the reality is that it takes time and work. "If you look at Arsenal's journey, you see how a journey can look. It's not an easy road, and it comes with huge investment. You can't see it from the outside but, in my opinion, yes." Everton proved they could secure big results at daunting away grounds with their 1-1 draw at Manchester City on New Year's Eve. Lampard may feel they must do the same on Friday if he is to remain at the helm. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here