Ben Shelton was involved in an awkward moment after continuing his remarkable Australian Open run after the on-court mistook someone in his player's box for the American's dad. The 20-year-old only turned pro last summer and the Australian Open is just his second-ever Grand Slam competition.  He burst onto the scene last year with an incredible upset win over world No 5 Casper Ruud at the Cincinnati Masters. But the American has taken the Australian Open by storm this month, becoming the first male player born in 2002 to reach a Grand Slam quarter-final. Shelton faced his toughest test yet against compatriot J.J. Wolf and was 2-1 down after the third set. But Shelton was able to rally back and win a gruelling five-set match and continue his remarkable run. The American was clearly in high spirits after the match, lapping up the cheers and adulation from the crowd inside the John Cain Arena. But he appeared perplexed at one stage during his on-court interview through a case of mistaken identity.  The interviewer started: "You've got your coaching team up there, your dad of course..." Shelton was looking at his team box during the question and immediately shook his head when his dad was mentioned. The American tennis sensation was then asked how those inside the box helped him throughout the match. And Shelton quickly corrected the interviewer, replying: "Well my dad's not here, I wish! "I don't know who in the box looks like my dad."  Shelton's dad is the current head coach of the Florida Gators men's tennis team with the father-and-son combo winning the NCAA singles championship together last year. But the American's father, Bryan Shelton, was also a former pro on the ATP Tour reaching as high as No 55 in the world rankings. The young Shelton will now overtake his father's record no matter what happens for the remainder of the Australian Open. He's set to climb inside the top-50 of the world rankings by next week and could move even higher if he beats either Roberto Bautista Agut or Tommy Paul in the next round. Shelton's dad isn't the only former tennis player in the family as the 20-year-old's mother, Lisa Witsken Shelton, and uncle, Todd Witsken, were both stars in tennis too. 