Prince Harry was mocked by The Late Show host Stephen Colbert as "Lord of the Gingers" while appearing on the show in the US. The talk show host said ahead of him being on the show: "In just a few minutes, I'm going to be sitting, right over there, interviewing Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." The audience chuckled when Colbert added: "Lord of the Gingers."   The prince was greeted with cheers from the American audience as they chanted his name while he sat down for the interview. Mr Colbert poured them both glasses of tequila with ice and extra lime to "keep away the scurvy". Harry eagerly accepted the offer of the drink after Mr Colbert acknowledged the "sensational leaks" that had emerged before the book was published in English. These include details about Harry's time in Afghanistan, the tensions in his relationships with his father and brother and how he coped with the death of his mother.  The Duke of Sussex said his time serving in the Army had given him "a purpose greater than myself", however he slammed the way his words about the Taliban had been interpreted. He said: "The last few days have been hurtful and challenging, not being able to do anything about those leaks that you referred to. "Without doubt the most dangerous lie that they have told is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan."  READ MORE: Prince Harry should lose title for ‘trashing’ royals, MPs claim Mr Colbert added that to him that passage in the book was a "thoughtful description" about having such knowledge about your own actions. Harry continued: "If I hurt anybody else, if I hurt anyone, boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry, but it's a lie." DON'T MISS:Walmart pulls ‘poorly named’ KKK boots  [LATEST]Royal Family 'business as usual’ despite Prince Harry's book release  [SPOTLIGHT]House prices ‘fell through the floor’ since mini-Budget [REPORT]  During the interview, Colbert later asked Harry: "What do I call you?" The 38-year-old replied: "Call me whatever you want at this point." Colbert responded: "In the book, I find you've got a lot of different names. "Your birth name is Henry, your father and brother call you Harold, some people call you H, your friends call you Haz. "What is Haz? Is that short for hazardous?" Harry retorted: "My wife calls me Haz, so you can't call me Haz. "Harry, Haz, Baz, Hazza, Spike, Bazzarooney, it's all there."  Speaking later on about his red hair, the father-of-two added: "The ginger gene is a strong one. "The Spencer gene is very, very strong. "I actually really genuinely thought at the beginning of my relationship that should this go the distance and we have kids that there's no way that the ginger gene will stand up to my wife's genes but I was wrong." 