More students are dropping out and he describes as “worrying” the rise in numbers being discontinued by assessment boards for failure to submit work or for fluffing assignments. What I find even more worrying is that although grading will return to pre-Covid levels in England this year, both Scotland and Wales will carry on with the more generous approach.  Grade inflation is bad for individuals, bad for universities and bad for the whole country. It stems partly from the wretched culture of “all must have prizes” but mainly from the need of successive governments to claim education is improving on their watch as evidenced by exam results. As I have often said, were I the Education Secretary I would judge exam results to be meaningful when only a comparative handful of people achieved the A stars and nobody could claim a pass with less than 50 percent. It is a rotten trick to allow students to believe that they have attained results well beyond their abilities. It deceives them into making unwise choices and accumulating debt only to find that either they cannot cope at university or that thereafter employment at the expected level eludes them. Universities cannot be expected to make judgments on their applicants when so many present results which have been manipulated by the policies of exam boards rather than straightforwardly earned and employers face exactly the same problem. A nation’s performance is the sum of the individual successes of its citizens but that works only if the successes are real and measurable. It does not work on the basis of deceit, which now lies at the very heart of our examination system.   Whenever practical, the best course of action for dealing with a child throwing a tantrum is to ignore it altogether and ditto with a child in a sulk. That is exactly what the royals are doing with Prince Harry, below with Meghan, and they are right. Any sort of rebuttal will just generate another media frenzy and play into the bitter, grudge-bearing infant’s obsession with publicity. Any private approach will be betrayed quicker than you can say “Meghan”. Keep calm and carry on, sirs.  Pen Farthing, who made headlines in 2021 when he insisted on animals being evacuated as we were bringing home troops and Afghan helpers, says that he has fled Kabul because Prince Harry’s ramblings about killing 25 Afghans during the war there have put him in mortal danger. Well, quite possibly they have but I’m intrigued by the fact Pen was in Kabul still working with animals. I thought the basis of his claim to have animals airlifted out of Afghanistan, at a time when there was rather a lot of human competition, was that his animals would be in danger if the Taliban took over. Yet he appears to have carried on unmolested. How very odd.  Lloyds Bank is coming under fire for suggesting that some “lower worth” customers should be given a second-class service, including being told to use apps and other “self-serve” options. Er... what is new? Is there any major organisation which doesn’t already try to minimise direct contact with its customers?  A reader from the Plymouth area tells me that he decided to buy charity Christmas cards, so went along to a Red Cross shop, where he found lots of robins and snowmen but no traditional nativity scene. The assistant explained, “sorry, sir, we’re not allowed to sell those as they’re too religious”! Do they also refuse funds raised by religious bodies? Oh, no! Surely not the Prime Minister himself? But, yes, Rishi Sunak really did say that a service “free to all at the point of reception” was “one of the founding principles of the NHS”. No, it wasn’t and no, it isn’t. Aneurin Bevan’s core principle is one which has long since been abandoned: that nobody should be denied health care simply because he or she cannot afford it. Yet that must surely be a vision which we all still share. The vehicle which he chose to deliver that vision was everything free at the point of reception regardless of means. It was the vehicle to fulfil the principle not the principle itself and the vehicle has long since broken down. NHS dentistry is a dream for too many. Prescriptions are free only to certain groups. Many who can ill afford it pay for private treatment because the NHS does not deliver. The PM is talking rot. 