Viewers were plunged into a post-pandemic hellscape recently with the premiere of HBO’s The Last of Us. The show is adapted from the video game of the same name from Naughty Dog with the company’s executive Neil Druckmann serving as a writer on the show. The Last of Us sees two survivors trekking across a fungus-ravaged America, crawling with deadly and ravenous infected humans, in the hopes of developing a cure to save humanity. The opening instalment introduced viewers to the world of The Last of Us, including the totalitarian military dictatorship now in power known as FEDRA. Viewers also met the rebel faction The Fireflies, who were leading the rebellion against FEDRA as well as trying to find a vaccine for the fungus. Each week The Last of Us will feature new cast members as the show takes audiences across this dystopian wilderness with viewers encountering the last vestiges of the human race. Here is a look at the key players in the forthcoming episode of the drama. READ MORE: Here's a look at The Last of Us star Pedro Pascal's age Professor Ibu Ratna - Christine Hakim Indonesian actress Christine Hakim portrays Professor Ibu Ratna, an academic in the field of mycology (the study of fungi). The actress has also appeared in the Hollywood movie Eat Pray Love, Impetigore, Leaf on a Pillow, The Golden Cane Warrior and Tris. Police officer - Yayu A.W. Unru Fellow Indonesian star and veteran actor Yayu A.W. Unru plays a police officer in the show. Unru has appeared in many films and TV shows including TV series Brata, Drama Ratu Drama, Posesif, Tabula Rasa, Headshot and Bangkit! Child star Bella Ramsey takes on the lead as Ellie Williams, a teenager thought to be the last ray of hope for the human race as she seems to be immune to the fungus. Ramsey is no stranger to screens following her breakout role in Game of Thrones as Lyanna Mormont. Since then, she’s gone on to star in many shows and films including taking on the lead in CBBC’s The Worst Witch, Amazon Prime Video’s Catherine Called Birdy and voicing the lead in the animated series Hilda. Some of Ramsey’s other credits include His Dark Materials, Becoming Elizabeth and the podcast series Impact Winter. Fellow Game of Thrones actor Pedro Pascal is gruff survivor Joel Miller after his own breakthrough on the fantasy drama as Oberyn Martell. Pascal has gone on to star as the lead in Disney Plus’ Star Wars prequel The Mandalorian. He has also appeared in Netflix’s Narcos, Wonder Woman 1984, Kingsman: The Golden Circle, Graceland and The Mentalist. Pascal will next be starring in Strange Way of Life and Tropico, The Uninvited and Freaky Tales. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE]Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [VIEWER REACTION] Australian actress Anna Torv takes on fellow smuggler and survivor Theresa 'Tess' Servopoulos, who is also in the video game. Torv is most familiar for her role as Dr Wendy Carr in Netflix’s psychological series killer series Mindhunter. She has also appeared in comedy-drama The Newsreader, Secret City, Fringe, Fires and the video game Heavenly Sword. Torv is going to be appearing in Force of Nature which is in post-production and Scarygirl in production. The Last of Us airs on HBO on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Mondays at 2am and 9pm