Stacey Dooley, 35, welcomed her first child with her boyfriend and former Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin Clifton, 40. The presenter - who won the 2018 series of the BBC ballroom competition with Kevin - took to Instagram to announce the happy baby news. The BBC favourite revealed they have named their daughter Minnie, as she penned: "Our Daughter is here. "My little masterpiece! I'm COMPLETELY OBSESSED. Love you Minnie, Love you Kev x" Kevin added: "Our daughter is here [heart emoji]. The most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. So proud of u Love u Minnie , Love u Stace x."(sic) The professional dancer also took to his Instagram stories and shared a photo of an envelope with the words "Minnie" on the front. READ MORE: Marie Osmond refuses to leave $20m fortune to her seven children He captioned the snap: "Our daughter Minnie is here." The West End star also shared a post from his sister Joanne Clifton, who gushed: "I'm an auntie to our little Minnie" Stacey and Kevin have since been inundated with congratulatory messages from fans and celebrity pals alike. Alex Scott penned: "Congrats to you both." Janette Manrara gushed: "Congratulations!" while Motsi Mabuse commented: "Congratulations guys !!!! Exciting times ahead !! All the best." AJ Pritchard wrote: "Congratulations." Steph McGovern penned: "Congratulations." Ashley Roberts remarked: "Yay!!!! Congrats! Welcome Miss Minnie." DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart's family rush to congratulate son amid exciting baby news[LATEST]Marie Osmond refuses to leave $20m fortune to her seven children[ADMISSION]Lisa Marie Presley's children to inherit Graceland[US] Stacey and Kevin announced their pregnancy news in August, sharing a snap of her cradling her new bump to Instagram. The broadcast journalist wrote at the time: "Gaaaaaaang... We are having a baby! So bloody delighted. Kev, you're magic, I love youuuu. "(Was becoming impossible to hide and if one more person asks me if I've had my tits done in LA I'm gonna scream). Here goessssssss."(sic) Kevin also shared the same picture at the same time and sweetly wrote: "We're having a baby! And I think my girl @staceydooley looks beautiful pregnant." Stacey and Kevin were crowned Strictly champions in 2018 after they wowed viewers' on the BBC show. The couple embarked on a romance four months after winning the competition. Kevin was previously married to fellow Strictly pro dancer Karen Hauer, who he split from after three years of marriage, and a year prior to meeting Stacey. Prior to Karen, Kevin was previously married to Clare Craze from 2007 after meeting two years before in a salsa bar and they split in 2010. 