Shower heads can become laden with limescale and soap scum if they’re not regularly cleaned. Limescale, which is a hard, chalky deposit, can build up not only on the exterior of the shower head but on the inside too. If you can’t detach your shower head from the hose or shower wall, it may be tempting to ignore the task altogether. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their hack for cleaning shower heads without needing to detach it. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Shirley Jones Dawson asked: “How do I clean the shower heads in my bathroom? I can’t take them off to soak.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stains’ from hobs using £2 cleaning item - 'works so well' The most popular suggestion was to use white vinegar placed in a bag around the shower head. Catherine Stone said: “Spray with vinegar and wrap a plastic bag around it. Use an elastic band or zip tie to hold in place. “Leave overnight and scrub with a brush and cleaner the next day. I bought a new shower head with a long hose so now it will lay on the shower floor in a bag.” Jane McCarrol commented: “Put white vinegar in a big food bag, put it over your shower head and tie it on. DON'T MISSPatio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [INSIGHT]Houseplants that 'purify the air in your home' and help you sleep [UPDATE]Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [ANALYSIS] “Leave for 30 minutes or longer. I always use a toothbrush to brush it after I take my shower heads out of the bag, and give them a wipe with a cloth.” Celine Bennett replied: “Put white vinegar in a plastic bag and tie it around the head. Leave overnight. That should do it, I've done it with mine.” Kathleen Hanlon wrote: “Put some vinegar in a plastic bag, wrap it around the head with an elastic band and leave for a while.” Fiona Clarke said: “Zip tie a bag on with white vinegar inside it.” READ MORE: Avoid 'clogging' and 'mould buildup' inside your dehumidifier Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Marion Howe replied to the post: “Put some vinegar in a plastic bag and attach it to the shower head.” White vinegar and sandwich bags can be bought online or from local supermarkets. Wilko Original White Vinegar costs £1.50 for one litre. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs £1 from The Range. Mireco White Vinegar Lime Power is £1 from Savers. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda 100 Medium Food Bags cost 75p. Springforce 80 Food Bags With Wire Ties cost £1.29 from Tesco. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using a descaler, baking soda, Viakal, Cillit Bang and Mr Muscle. Vee Kemp said: “What I do is spray descaler onto kitchen roll and then put it onto clingfilm. “Put on the shower head, and leave for around 30 minutes. Results every time. Give it a go.” Jenny Hendy replied: “White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda. Warm water and tie a plastic bag around it.” Sue Bird commented: “Can you swivel it upside down and pour Viakal or neat vinegar in and leave overnight?” Helena Enefer wrote: “Get a plastic bag, fill with descaler, tie with an elastic band and leave overnight.” Gaynor Jones posted: “I spray mine with Cillit Bang mould remover, wipe off with kitchen roll after about five minutes and leave it to run cold to rinse it.” Sandra Teagle said: “Bag with Viakal solution, leave overnight.” Lynne Hanson suggested: “Mr Muscle soap and scum.”