The Duke of Sussex insists Spare is a truthful account of his life. But he said its controversial contents had possibly made his relatives feel “uncomfortable and scared”. In an interview on US TV’s The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Harry, 38 unleashed more attacks amid the backlash. Asked whether the royals had embarked on an “active campaign to undermine this book”, the Prince said: “Of course. But this is the other side of the story, right?” Buckingham Palace has so far remained silent over the attacks by Harry, who lives in California with wife Meghan, 41, and their children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. But the Duke said the “campaign” against his book was because royals were shellshocked at its contents. He said: “There is a lot in there that, perhaps, makes people feel uncomfortable and scared.” He added that it was, and still is, “embarrassing” for the Royal Family that he chose to quit Britain in 2020. Harry also showed viewers the necklace he said was broken in a fight with older brother William. He also revealed he had watched episodes of Netflix drama The Crown, despite it featuring distressing depictions of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, and the acrimonious divorce from his father, King Charles. And in an apparent reference to his children’s ginger hair, he said the “Spencer gene is very strong”. But Harry made a heartwarming mention of his grandmother, the late Queen, saying she had “sharp wit” and a wicked sense of humour. Harry described him as his “arch nemesis” and said William exploded with rage with a physical attack in a row over Meghan in 2019. William, he said, labelled his future wife ­“difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”. It sparked a brawl during which he said William grabbed him by the collar and knocked him to the ground. The brothers’ relationship has been called a “rolling catastrophe” and details in Harry’s book have done ­little to dispel that claim. A close friend of William said: “He won’t retaliate, he never would, because he’s dignified and unbelievably loyal. “William is a sitting duck because Harry knows he isn’t going to retaliate. How many shots can you take at a sitting duck? “It’s cruel, cowardly and so sad for William to keep taking the punches. “He’s keeping quiet for the good of his family and the country. He’s handling it so well on the outside [but on the] inside he’s burning.” Harry said that he still wore the necklace that was snapped during ­ the fight at Nottingham Cottage, in the grounds of Kensington Palace. The Duke showed it on TV. It now holds three pendants – two of them are presents from Meghan, engraved with the heartbeats of their children. The other, featuring a tiger’s eye stone, was made for him by a friend in Botswana. Harry also called on the monarchy to modernise, “especially because of their role in the Commonwealth” and praised the Dutch and Norwegian royals for leading by example. Harry has said he begged Charles not to wed Camilla and make her a “wicked stepmother” and called his father an emotionally backward and ineffectual “old man”. He repeated his desire to make amends but said the Royal Family must first acknowledge wrongdoing. Harry said: “The truth, supposedly, at the moment, has been there’s only one side of the story. But there’s two sides to every story.”