All it takes is the light to catch the dirt marks on your windows to realise how badly they need cleaning, but they can end up looking even worse when streaks and smears are left behind after wiping them away. Using water to wash the panes of glass both inside and outside your home can contribute to such stains, though they are surprisingly easy to avoid by using other non-toxic ingredients. A specialist cleaning expert has shared the most effective method for a "heavy duty" clean, without using harsh products. Clear windows shouldn't be hard to achieve yourself but the reality is that they can be if you use the wrong products. In most cases, all you need to do is improve the liquid you use for the job, and it's easier than you may think. An expert at BaxClean specialist cleaning services said: "The right mix of chemical or natural cleaners will yield far better results than many store-bought window cleaning products. "With these solutions and a bit of elbow grease, you'll have much cleaner windows at the end of the day." While soapy water is a gentle yet effective remedy used for most household cleaning tasks, it won't always provide you with a streak-free shine on its own. Instead, the BaxClean experts recommended mixing it with a pantry staple - white vinegar. READ MORE: Unblock toilets easily using simple DIY method - ‘nothing else works’ They explained that as a "great all-rounder", white vinegar is the ideal alternative for harsh chemicals as it offers the same anti-bacterial results, without toxicity. The BaxClean expert said: "Vinegar works hard to remove the film and grime that accumulates on windows. Mix one part vinegar with one part warm water. "For a more heavy-duty clean, add some dishwashing liquid to your water and vinegar solution. This will cut through the toughest marks and spots." If you don't have white vinegar, you can still recreate this simple cleansing liquid using brewed black tea instead. DON'T MISS:Easy mop method to safely clean 'very mouldy' ceilings in your home [TIPS]'Simple' solutions to warm up 'uncomfortable' cold flooring at home [EXCLUSIVE]Four best houseplants to 'efficiently' remove dust from your home [REVEAL] The tannic acid in the tea is what makes it a "great substitute" for vinegar, producing almost identical results at the end - without the unpleasant smell. But before you reach for a pot of boiling hot tea, the BaxClean experts warned against using it before it has had time to cool down. While mastering the recipe for your homemade cleaning solution is crucial to the overall finish of glass surfaces in your home, the drying method is just as important. Whether you're wiping down a mirror or window, lint-heavy fabrics should be avoided at all costs if you're trying to eliminate streaks and smears. READ MORE: 'Most important' rooms to renovate for 'added value' to your home For the ultimate fix at almost no expense, the newspaper is your best bet when it comes to wiping away the vinegar-soap solution. Wearing gloves to avoid the transfer of ink onto your hands, scrunch some used newspaper up into a ball and rub it onto the surface in circular motions. Unlike most rags and cloths, newspaper absorbs the liquid instead of just moving it around the glass, making it so effective for cleaning windows. Plus, unlike wood moulding, newspaper ink does not adhere to glass as it is a slick, non-porous material. Of course, like most cleaning tasks, the results are in the details when it comes to mastering a high-quality finish with a seamless shine. After using newspaper to pat the glass dry, the BaxClean experts suggested using other tools to polish off the edges. They said: "The beauty is in the details. Once you've completed your big once-over, go back and look at the little spots that you may have missed." To do this, you can use a toothbrush with non-gel paste for a "great spot cleaner". Other tools that would work include an old rag to remove water from the edges of your windowsill and rubbing alcohol to lift adhesive residue. For a dry spot cleaner, used dryer sheets taken from your clean laundry do a "marvellous job", according to the cleaning experts.