Denise Fergus says she is now able to remember her son Jame Bulger "as a person" despite not being able to let go of her hatred for his twisted killers since his murder 30 years ago. She explained how she is unable to return to the shopping mall where he was snatched from her. In her newly updated autobigoraphy, Let Him Go, Denise reveals how there has been days where she no longer wanted to continue living. She said: “There were honestly times after James was murdered that I didn’t think I would survive until the end of any given day. “The only way I have survived the years since James’s murder is to ruthlessly compartmentalise. “I always say if there is a fight to be had I will be there having it until I die, but the minute I step foot back inside the house I am a mum and a wife.  “Whilst James is a huge part of our family life, the campaigning – and the inevitable heartache it brings – has to stay firmly outside our front door. “It is the only way any of us would survive. Don’t get me wrong, there are still deeply dark days. “I see now that I am a million miles away from that young mother in front of the cameras at my very first police press conference asking for whoever had taken my baby to bring him back. "I was unable to look anyone in the eye because, really, I wanted to die.” Denise belives James' killers Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were not properly handled at the time of the murder, and discusses how she wants to help others overcome trauma. She wrote: “As the fight evolves, I feel stronger and braver even, and I am determined to help people in similar situations with less knowledge than me… "My loss of James will never go away, but this feels like another way for his legacy to live on and help me continue to do some good in his name. “I know he would be proud of that.” James was aged two when killers Jon Venables and Robert Thompson, both 10, murdered him in November 1993. They were convicted of murder in November 1993 but released aged 18 in 2001 with new identities. Thompson, 40, has not reoffended. Venables, however, was sent back to jail in 2010 and 2017 after being caught with child sex abuse images on his PC. A Ministry of Justice spokesman said two days ago: “The Deputy Prime Minister will do everything in his power to keep dangerous offenders behind bars and has set out plans to overhaul the parole process and put victims at the heart of the process.”