FIFA were reportedly requested to halt Chelsea's transfer swoop for David Datro Fofana as the striker's boyhood club claim that he was the subject of an unlawful move earlier in his career. Manager Graham Potter could look to use the youngster as soon as possible with the Blues lacking in front of goal and on a dismal run of form. Chelsea announced the signing of Fofana this week with co-owner Todd Boehly striking three times early in the January transfer window. Andrey Santos has also signed from Vasco de Gama while Benoit Badiashile is already bedding in after a £35million switch from Monaco. Potter is still in his early days as Blues boss but may already be feeling the heat amid a run of six points from a possible 24 in the Premier League. Issues in front of goal have made life difficult with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Kai Havertz failing to convince, while Armando Broja is out injured. Fofana is still at the beginning stages of his development but he could be called upon to try and remedy the goals drought at some point this season, although The Daily Mail claim that his move to Stamford Bridge almost ran into complications. DON'T MISS: Liverpool can accomplish Torres transfer repeat with Josko Gvardiol FIFA supposedly received a request from his boyhood club, Abidjan City, to halt the deal over claims that his transfer to Molde two years ago was unlawful. The dispute stems from the Ivorian outfit and Fofana's mother disagreeing on whether or not a consent form was signed back in 2016. Despite the alleged attempt to stop the deal in its tracks, Chelsea claim that Fofana is registered as a Chelsea player. He signed a lengthy six-year contract with the option to extend for a further year this week after hitting 22 goals in all competitions for Molde last season. READ MORE... Tottenham face transfer dilemma as duo divide opinion in FA Cup win Arsenal and Chelsea offered Evan Ndicka but hidden cost threatens deal Boreham Wood FC confuse FA Cup fans as they plot magical run Fofana's prolific run came out of the blue after a barren first season in Norway, and it has earned him recognition on the international stage with three caps for Ivory Coast. "Hello dear fans, I’m here, I’ve arrived well and I’m very happy to sign for the club of my dreams," the youngster told Chelsea's official website. "I’ll see you soon on the pitch, cheers!" The Blues may have considered finding Fofana a loan destination this month but Broja's season-ending knee injury could present opportunities for the striker to impress. Lewis Hall, Omari Hutchinson and Carney Chukwuemeka all featured against Manchester City on Thursday with injuries forcing Potter to turn to some of his unproven talent. "[The injury crisis] is just one of those things at the moment," he told reporters after losing 1-0 to the Sky Blues. "I've never seen anything like it but we've just got to carry on. "If you just analyse points in the amount of games then it's hard for me to argue against [our form not being good enough]. There are factors you have to consider. We had a narrow defeat to Man City and we've been narrowly beaten by Arsenal and Newcastle."