King Charles III is set to award Prince Edward with the Duke of Edinburgh title after a “change of heart”. The move is reportedly an effort to make amends with his youngest brother and keep the Royal Family united. The decision has been welcomed by an astounding 94 percent of Express.co.uk readers in a new poll. Edward was promised the Duke of Edinburgh title on his wedding day to Sophie Rhys Jones by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. However, since Charles ascended the throne he has not given the Earl and Countess of Wessex have not been given the dukedom as expected. At the time Buckingham Palace said in a statement: “The Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prince of Wales have also agreed that Prince Edward should be given the Dukedom of Edinburgh in due course, when the present title held now by Prince Philip eventually reverts to the Crown.” The King was reportedly considering seven-year-old Princess Charlotte as the future Duchess of Edinburgh when she was older. A source close to Edward told the Daily Mail: “It was a slap in the face, particularly when Edward has been such a help to Charles over the Andrew farrago. “Also because the Queen had promised him the title before she died and it was always believed by Edward and Sophie that, in time, the title would then be passed down to their son, Viscount Severn. Now it does look like the tide is turning. Clearly, the King has had time to reflect on the late Queen's wishes.” READ MORE: Prince Edward could inherit new title as Charles has 'change of heart' In a poll that ran from 11.30am on Tuesday, January 24, to 1pm on Friday, January 27, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Edward be given the Duke of Edinburgh title?” Overall, 10,781 readers cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 94 percent (10,087 people) answering “yes” in support of Edward having the Edinburgh dukedom. Whereas six percent (616 people) said “no” he should not, and a further 78 people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Edward becoming the Duke of Edinburgh. Most readers were in full support of Edward being given the title. Username Ingalls said: “Of course he should. He will be the perfect new Duke of Edinburgh.” Another, username Dando wrote: “Yes, he has well and truly earnt it.” Username Mischkasmum added: “Yes, he should have the title and sooner rather than later.” And username patskie said: “Yes he should be given it…he has kept his head down and worked hard for the Royal Family and the nation, he deserves it.” Meanwhile, some readers commented that Charles should uphold the promise he made to their parents. Username Heffalump said: “It was his parents' wish and he should honour that and give Edward and Sophie the titles. they deserve it.” Username Mimi Carlton said: “It’s time for Charles to act upon the wishes of his parents to make Edward, Duke of Edinburgh.” Likewise, username Nims said: “Yes promise should be honoured!” Username storm seeker 26 remarked: “Yes definitely, he should inherit the title as promised on his wedding day, and also the title after his late father died. Both Edward and Sofie have been a great support to the Monarchy, and in carrying out their duties.”  Other readers argued that Edward should be given the dukedom without delay, with username Paddy-W commenting: “Yes, should have happened by now.” Similarly, username LaurelJau said: “This should have been ‘done’ some time ago. It was the wish of his parents. If this does not happen then Charles will lose affection and respect.” Yet some speculated that Charles may make the announcement at his Coronation in May. Username truthinwine said: “Perhaps it is something Charles is planning to announce during the Coronation weekend?” While username politicalwoman thought it should happen sooner and not coincide with another occasion. They wrote: “It should be given in time for the Coronation, and not wait for Edward's 60th birthday [in 2024].” DON'T MISS: Edward moves down the line of succession after Eugenie baby news [REPORT]'Spare' George VI made the most of living life 'in the shadows' [ANALYSIS]Sophie and Kate 'share close bond' - inside property where duo 'relax' [INSIGHT] The Edinburgh dukedom holds historical significance in the maintenance of the union with Scotland. This means that Charles could request the title reverts to the Crown after Edward’s death. This means that his son James, Viscount Severn would not automatically inherit the dukedom and it could be honoured to a different member of the Royal Family. Some readers thought this would be a good compromise, with username Paula_Boo writing: “Yes, but only if the title goes back to the Crown once Edward has passed.” Likewise, username pearl2 said: “Yes but.... the Duke of Edinburgh title should be made non-hereditary and always revert back to the Crown on the death of its holder.”  However, other readers commented against Edward being given the Edinburgh dukedom, suggesting other royals which should be considered in his place. Username proudscot1 wrote: “Edward has absolutely no connection with, nor affinity to, Edinburgh or indeed Scotland. The title Duchess of Edinburgh should be given to Princess Anne.” Username Sailorsgirl wrote: “No way, the Duke of Edinburgh should not be given at this time but kept and given to George as he comes of age.” While username fgs, said: “If he were to save it for anyone, one would expect it to be for Prince Louis. But I feel that Prince Edward should get it. It would be wrong, of King Charles, to withhold it from his younger brother.”