LeBron James donned a special edition, yet to be released Liverpool shirt last night prior to the Los Angeles Lakers win over the San Antonio Spurs. Liverpool are set to honour 'King James' - a minority owner of the club - by releasing a jersey with his 'LJ' logo on, with it reportedly set to be in stores soon.   James played a key role in Liverpool's switch from New Balance to Nike in 2020, with the 38-year-old being arguably Nike's poster athlete across the globe - with him now able to endorse the club in the United States. James has been a part-owner of Liverpool for over 11 years, having a close affinity with the club and has been seen at a few games across the years, first coming over to Anfield in 2011 to meet Steven Gerrard, Kenny Dalglish and the squad at the time. Whilst also wearing the jersey, James was also seen wearing Liverpool-styled Air Max 1s on his arrival at the Crypto.com Arena on Tuesday evening, which could also be included in the highly-anticipated Liverpool x LeBron collaboration. It is expected that the Liverpool x LeBron will be released at some point in 2023, with the NBA superstar being part of Fenway Sports Group. James is also a minority owner of the Boston Red Sox. Liverpool's chairman Tom Werner confirmed that the club would be working with the NBA icon to create "seven or eight" products aligned with LeBron and LFC, similarly to how the Michael Jordan brand has with PSG in recent years. James secured a much-needed win for the struggling Lakers last night, defeating the San Antonio Spurs as they look to turn their season around and make a playoff push. The Lakers missed the playoffs last season, something unthinkable for a team with the likes of James, Anthony Davis and Russell Westbrook on the roster.  But James knows that the team must improve within the next few months. He enters the last few years of his career, and does not want to waste it battling for playoff spots. The Lakers traded for former top 10 draft pick Rui Hachiumura earlier this week, who made his debut in the win on Wednesday, scoring 12 points.