A heartbroken family has paid tribute to a "kind and fearless" girl who died after she collapsed at school in late 2022. Rai-Lèyah Parveen Saddique, 10, was rushed to hospital after she collapsed at her Wakefield school on Thursday, November 10. She died on Monday, November 14, after suffering a suspected brain haemorrhage, and her two aunts are now fundraising to help Rai's grieving parents. The two women are participating in dry January and have organised a 10k run dedicated to Rai. They hope to raise at least £3,000 to fund a memorial bench and take some pressure off their late nieces' immediate family. The money will help "support them financially" and "alleviate any additional stress". In comments first reported by Yorkshire Live, her auntie Leanne Fletcher dedicated their challenge to their "precious niece". READ MORE: Dylan's death shows need for public access to defibrillators, say MPs They said her passing had caused "devastation" in their family, which has "had a massive impact on so many people who loved, adored, and cherished her". Ms Fletcher described Rai as the "kindest, sweetest and funniest girl you could ever hope to meet", adding she was "so loved by all who knew her". She said the 10-year-old was a keen gymnast who loved "throwing herself about and tumbling around". The "fearless" girl was also "racing the boys and being competitive" while embodying the "spirit of inclusivity". Her aunt concluded: "Fly high our angel - until the day you are reunited with your loved ones. God bless you, sweetheart." Leanne and her sister aim to support Rai's close family with their fundraising efforts. Any money they raise will go towards her mum Natalie, brother, sister and grandma. So far, they have raised more than half of their £3,000 goal, with £1,803 from 77 donations. The family also hopes to place a memorial bench by the late Rai's gravesite. As they bid to raise funds for the family, the aunts have pledged to stand by their grieving relatives. The two women have promised to "support them emotionally through this difficult time". People can help them raise money by donating to their fundraising campaign on GoFundMe here.