Ron DeSantis is yet to declare a bid for the White House in 2024 - but excitement is growing as campaigners threw $3.3 million behind the Florida governor. Ready for Ron, an independent political action committee, has pledged millions in ads backing the 44-year-old. DeSantis' surging popularity has guided him to darling status among Republicans keen to distance the GOP from former President Donald Trump.  The PAC Ready for Ron is backing the Governor with $3.3 million in ad spending until June. It is completely independent from DeSantis and plans to file the spending with the Federal Election Commission today. Ready for Ron was set up last May by DeSantis allies and is headed by chief Republican strategist Ed Rollins. The organisation does not coordinate with DeSantis. The Florida Governor has faced growing calls to mount a 2024 challenge to former president Donald Trump - who is the only declared candidate so far in the race. However, he has so far avoided publicly addressing the issue of a 2024 run, instead focusing on Florida's current legislative session which ends in May.  His focus as Governor of Florida has been to push the state legislature to permanently ban any coronavirus restrictions, including mask and vaccine requirements in businesses and schools. In his inaugural speech for his second term, he declared Florida as the place "woke goes to die", leaning into the culture war which has become a huge issue for many conservative voters. Dan Backer, a lawyer and counsel to Ready for Ron, told the Financial Times the spending would create "the backbone of a real ground game" for a run and would "convince DeSantis that he has the grassroots support to run and win in a general election". He said that Ready for Ron aimed to target voters "who aren’t part of the current universe", including those who are not part of Trump's base. READ MORE: Ana Walshe's husband has chilling Google search history listed  Trump, 76, declared his candidacy shortly after the midterms but has had few public appearances while being dogged by legal troubles. Polls show DeSantis gaining ground against the former president and, if he did declare, the ensuing primary battle would likely be a vicious one. Trump has already publicly warned the Florida Governor against a run, telling reporters: "I think if he runs he could hurt himself very badly. I think the base would not like it – I don’t think it would be good for the party." He added that he knew "things" about DeSantis which "wouldn't be very flattering". A Morning Consult survey on Wednesday - of 3,763 potential primary voters - showed Trump still led DeSantis, with 48 percent of the base to DeSantis' 31. DON'T MISS:Idaho investigators found 'reddish stains' at suspect's home [INSIGHT]US tipped to exploit UK weakness to for 'advantageous' Brussels deal [ANALYSIS]Biden slammed as DC residents 'concerned he's hiding something' [REPORT]  Backer told the FT that he believed DeSantis would announce a candidacy following Florida's legislative session, potentially over the Labour Day holiday weekend in September. The Ready for Ron campaign claims Governor DeSantis will be "the next Great American President - like Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump - who will turn our country around". It added that America was in "in grave danger from the Radical Left and their failed, socialist, woke policies" which DeSantis has already rallied against as Governor of Florida. Although the amount of money pledged by the PAC is relatively small, it is the first concrete financial backing pledged to a DeSantis 2024 run. 