After fifteen years and five miscarriages, a delighted couple has finally brought "rainbow twins" into the world. Jennie Hill, 45, and her husband, John, 44, who started trying for a baby in 2003, said the wait was "worth every second". After going through five heartbreaking miscarriages, the couple decided to turn to IVF - in vitro fertilization - to help them procreate. They started their long journey toward pregnancy with three egg retrievals in 2015. During the procedure, an egg is removed from the woman's ovaries and fertilized with sperm in a laboratory. The fertilized egg is then placed in the woman's womb to grow and develop. In Jennie and John's case, only two eggs, known as embryos, made it. They were thrilled when one embryo stuck, paving the way for Jennie's pregnancy. Jennie, who was diagnosed with balanced translocation in 2014 following a blood test, said she couldn't go through a normal pregnancy again and gave the IVF treatment a chance. "I got to see the moment they put the embryo in. I saw that as my silver lining." However, complications could still come up during the first months of pregnancy, including miscarriage, premature delivery and low birth weight, birth defects and malformation as well as multiple births. But Jennie managed to carry baby Harper to full term. Nine months after finding out she was pregnant, the 39-year-old mum delivered Harper through emergency c-section due to pre-eclampsia in January 2017 at Northeast Georgia Medical Center, Braselton, Georgia, US. The delighted couple underwent the same birth treatment two years later with their remaining embryo in January 2019. To the new parents' glee, Jennie fell pregnant with a baby boy, Liam, now three. However, this time around, the pregnancy came with difficulties. Jennie developed gestational diabetes and had to give birth at 37 weeks in September 2019, with Liam weighing 5lbs 14oz. The average birth weight of a full-term male baby is between 7lbs 6oz, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). As a result, baby Liam spent six days in the neonatal unit before he was able to come home and join his big sister. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Amy Slaton on how she discovered her new pregnancy Despite their exhausting journey to have a family, Jennie and John couldn't be happier to see their long-held dream come true. The couple suffered their first miscarriage on Christmas Eve in 2003, and they grieved and tried to get pregnant for the next 15 years. Giving birth through an IVF treatment was a major relief for the American couple. Jennie, who works for a non-profit, from Atlanta, Georgia, US, said: "It was a long-awaited journey but worth every second of the wait. Our family is now complete. "It’s an indescribable feeling. They are really ours. "We went through the storm to get our rainbows. "The journey was worth it to get Harper and Liam." DON'T MISS:Harry believed Meghan was 'magic' after talking to seals [REPORT] Stacey Solomon cradles growing baby bump in glowing pregnancy snap  [REPORT] Homeland's Claire Danes expecting third child with husband Hugh Dancy [REPORT] Describing the birth of Harper, Jennie said she cried "when I saw her for the first time. I was bawling non-stop." As she approached 45 - an age when fertility declines and getting pregnant is almost impossible - she insisted it was important for her to give Harper a sibling close in age. Only two years after bringing Harper into the world, Jennie gave birth to Liam in September 2019. She said: "They are medical twins because they come from the same batch. They look so much alike. Harper is so sassy and she’s so smart. Liam is a home body. He shies away from people but he keeps me on my toes." The couple is now "so grateful" to the medical team for helping them form a family. Jennie concluded: "Journeys are meant to be a certain way. Mine was meant to be this way." READ NEXT:Royal baby: Duchess of Cambridge leaves hospital with baby boyAsh Barty announces pregnancy ahead of Australian Open tennis returnHomeland's Claire Danes expecting third child with husband Hugh DancyHarry reveals William and Kate's reaction to Meghan's pregnancy Prince Harry and Meghan announced pregnancy at Eugenie's wedding