Mark Webber has claimed Daniel Ricciardo was right to walk away from F1 as Oscar Piastri takes his place. Webber, who manages Piastri’s career, said Ricciardo needed a break from the sport to motivate himself for a comeback. The former Red Bull star suggested the 33-year-old needed to re-energise away from racing but has still tipped him to make a comeback for 2024. Ricciardo will return to Red Bull for 2023 as a third driver which will involve simulator and promotional work. Speaking to Spoeedcafe, Webber said: “In his own words, I think Daniel needs a break. He needs to reflect on finding the motivation and the energy back for the sport and I think this is a great opportunity for him to do that in an environment he knows well. "He'll be good for the brand, there's no question about that. He's insanely popular globally, so I think a year out will feel like longer for him, which could be good because he might need that. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo 'spotted' with Piastri after losing McLaren F1 drive "Then he can start making decisions for how '24 could look for him." Ricciardo was ditched by McLaren over the summer as they decided to make a swoop for highly-rated rookie Piatsri. McLaren battled Alpine at F1’s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) to sign the services of the former F2 champion after he publicly declined the French manauffter’s offer of a race seat. It emerged McLaren had signed their deal with Piastri at the start of July, possibly weeks before informing Ricciardo that his future at the team was over. Just weeks later, the eight-time race winner defended himself on social media and stressed he would be remaining at McLaren. The British manufacturer then only formally confirmed Ricciardo would be leaving the team in August. DON'T MISSRed Bull 'to have three cars on grid' as Ricciardo teases F1 return [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo details private chat with Michael Schumacher [ANALYSIS]Zak Brown on Oscar Piastri's McLaren plan as he faces Lando Norris [COMMENT] Webber has also opened up on details around Piastri’s move to the team as he revealed the squad “moved pretty quick” to bring the rookie in. He added: “Oscar was keen to be as loyal as possible, and it still was pretty challenging [regarding] what the future was looking like. “But then, obviously, McLaren said they wanted to make a change. Oscar was available, and that’s something which we had to move pretty quick on. They were prepared to take a huge risk on Oscar, which was tremendous.”