Abbott Elementary’s second season is continuing each week following the hit sitcom’s recent success at this year’s Golden Globe Awards. After nabbing a gong for his performance as school teacher Gregory Eddie, TV star Tyler James Williams has spoken candidly about his struggles with Crohn’s disease throughout his 20s. Tyler revealed he wasn’t aware of his condition until a visit to the doctor over five years ago. Known for his roles in Everybody Hates Chris and Dear White People, he has since joined the cast of one of the most popular new comedies in the US, Abbott Elementary. However, the actor was struggling to land roles outside of high school due to finding it impossible to gain muscle. While he was juggling roles in Criminal Minds and the historical drama film Detroit, Tyler weighed 130lbs before a painful health scare warranted a trip to the doctor. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz “I was really pushing my body to the limit,” he revealed. “By the time December hit, it just crashed. Everything shut down.” Tyler began to suffer from searing stomach pains, and a gastroenterologist used X-rays to determine his bowels were inflamed and clogged with scar tissue. His painful symptoms were a flare-up from Crohn’s, a disorder he had never been diagnosed with before. Around half a million Americans currently live with the condition, which can cause severe weight loss to the point of being life-threatening. The actor quickly underwent major surgery to remove six inches of lower intestine, but unfortunately this didn’t solve his issues. His intestines perforated when they failed to heal properly, and Tyler recalled his body “vibrating” after going septic. “The last thought I had was, ‘Holy shit, this could be it’,” he recalled in Men’s Health. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 20 dealt ratings blow with near-record low [LATEST]The Crown transforms London into Chicago for season 6 [NEWS]Bridgerton filming snaps 'confirm' Penelope and Colin romance [INSIGHT] “‘If this is it, I’m not happy. I worked a lot. I did a lot of things. I didn’t enjoy any of this. This can’t be it.’” During his toughest periods, Tyler was struggling to stand up and weighed in at just 105lbs. Thankfully, the star is looking much healthier these days at 145 pounds and chiselled muscles which have become a fixation for some Abbott Elementary fans. “When I woke up and eventually got back to [being] myself, it was like, what would make it not suck?” he said. Tyler went on to reveal his now Golden Globe-winning role as Mr Eddie reflects the personal journey he himself has been going through over the past few years. “[He] wants to be in this position of power ’cause he feels like that’s what he needs to be successful,” he explained. “But then [he] finds out that that’s not his life. I was like, ‘That sounds like the very journey I had to come to.’” Worldwide viewers are currently waiting for Abbott Elementary’s new season to drop on Disney+, but US fans are already claiming the second season is even better than the first. Abbott Elementary season 2 continues Wednesdays on ABC in the USA. Season 1 is available to stream on Disney+.