Liverpool are reportedly set to bid £44million for Wolves’ Matheus Nunes at the end of the season, despite his underwhelming start to life in the Premier League. The Reds were close to signing the midfielder over the summer and remain interested in acquiring his services. The Reds’ midfield has been a major cause of concern for Jurgen Klopp so far this season, with the manager himself being forced to admit that it was a department that his side should have invested in. The Anfield outfit are exploring options to strengthen their ranks this month, with Brighton’s Moises Caicedo and Benfica star Enzo Fernandez admired. Though Liverpool may be content with not splashing the cash in favour of waiting for previous targets. According to The Telegraph, the Reds agreed last summer that they would attempt to sign Nunes once the season had concluded. The deal is described as ‘alive’ due to a move almost coming together previously. The Portugal international has made 14 appearances for Wolves so far this season but left plenty to be desired. The 24-year-old has not looked the force that he did whilst at Sporting previously, with former Wolves interim Steve Davis openly questioning how the player will fit in at the Molineux. Though his performances have not deterred Liverpool from being interested and they believe he has ‘a major future’ with the club. It remains to be seen whether the Reds submit their bid this month with a view of the player arriving in the summer, or if they believe they could negotiate a lower price at the end of the season if Wolves are relegated. The Reds welcomed the arrival of Dutch forward Cody Gakpo prior to the midseason window opening, and Klopp has revealed that his side are not in a position to continue to spend excessively in the same manner that some of their rivals do. He explained: “It is a big part of my philosophy, working full of faith and trust with the players we have and not constantly telling them we need another player in the position. “It is clear that you need real quality in all positions and two teams with the same level that you can rotate but people are surprised when we say we cannot start splashing the cash. If there is something we can do and that means right player and financial situation, we will do it."