The death of Lisa Marie Presley has left her fans, and the fans of her father - Elvis Presley - stunned. The 54-year-old passing was confirmed by Priscilla Presley after she suffered a cardiac arrest. She was perhaps at her most popular back in the 1990s, however, when she married the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, in May 1994. Unsurprisingly, the couple found themselves defending the veracity of their union from the start. This culminated in a bizarre TV interview in 1995 with Diane Sawyer where they were even forced to confirm on air that they had consummated the marriage. By the end of the year, they had separated and Lisa Marie filed for divorce on January 18, 1996. She later admitted that they had often seen each other and talked of reconciling for four more years. However, by the time she released her debut album in 2003, Lisa Marie was ready to pour her true feelings into some hard-hitting lyrics. That year, Lisa Marie spoke extensively about the problems in their relationship in a major interview. She was asked about one track in particular, Disciple, which has particularly powerful lyrics. However, the song was removed from the album before its release. The opening verse says: "You flourish in your disciples bringing you pleasure in so many masturbative ways, Until you've simply no use for them anymore, and then they will remain and suffer in your concentrated haze "Devotion you seek from them is the starvation and abolishment of their little souls, But you escape all responsibility in that because, of course, you were the one (yeah, of course) who was hurt more." READ MORE: Michael Jackson: Lisa Marie's heartbreaking discovery after he died Lisa Marie has said one of the main reasons she ended the marriage was the way Michael surrounded himself with sycophants she called "vampires" who indulged his worst impulses. Like her own father, Elvis, she said Michael would not tolerate anyone who questioned his views or desires. The song continues: "Everyone around you, they're sick, they're on medication or they will finally lose their minds, They will always defend you and justify insanity like I did because you make them blind... "You no longer hold that power, Took me a while, but I have your number. It's too bad I gave you myself then." DON'T MISS'Elvis DIDN'T want to marry Priscilla' so why did The King do it?Elvis: Lisa Marie Presley on her father's 'treacherously painful' songMichael Jackson Lisa Marie ultimatum 'Give me a baby or Debbie will' Questioned about why she had written so directly about her former husband, Lisa Marie said: "I'm not into Michael-bashing at all. I have no interest in doing that. "He is who he is. I know people want to know what that was about, and I'm trying to say it without making him a bad guy, you know... It's hard to do, because it was such a bad situation and it was so f***ed up. "You get sucked into the 'you poor, misunderstood person, you'. I'm a sucker for that." While Lisa Marie had an intimate view of the darker sides of Michael's life, she also had an extraordinary glimpse into the very private 'rea' side of the star that few ever saw, which she admitted was intoxicating.  Lisa Marie said: "He was so not what I thought he was. He was very real -- he was cursing, he was funny, and I was like, 'Wow... You have this whole Howard Hughes thing that goes on in the press, and you're not anything like that'. "I was always saying, 'People wouldn't think I was so crazy if they saw who the hell you really are: that you sit around and you drink and you curse and you're fucking funny, and you have a bad mouth, and you don't have that high voice all the time. I don't know why you think that works for you, because it doesn't anymore'." But Lisa Marie's attempts ultimately fell on deaf ears. In another interview, she said: 'For a while, Michael was like the Wizard of Oz, the man behind the curtain. At one time he was really good at manipulating a Howard Hughes type of image: 'He's mysterious, fascinating.' He became this freak. And now he can't get out from under it. When you're the king of your own palace, there are no morals or ethics or integrity. Everyone will kiss your ass and then give you the push that knocks you over." The final straw came when Michael was rushed to hospital after collapsing while filming a 1995 HBO special. The couple was already drifting apart and Michael's behaviour started to remind Lisa Marie painfully of her own father. Lisa Marie said: "There was a bit of a showdown in the hospital, and I didn't understand what was wrong with him. I didn't know what he was up to. "When I started asking too many questions about what was wrong, he asked me to leave. This is the real story. He said, "You're causing trouble." The doctors wanted me to go. I freaked out, because it was all too familiar. When he got out, I called him and said, 'I want out.'" 