Guy Verhofstadt has been torn apart by a leading Brexiteer over his "dream" of Britain and the Ukraine "joining the European Union in the next five years". The MEP and Brexit critic took to Twitter to share a graphic of a UK map showing the results of a poll from UnHerd and Focaldata where participants were asked: "Britain was wrong to leave the EU. Agree or disagree?" More than a third (37 percent) "strongly agreed", while less than a fifth (19 percent) "strongly disagreed". Mr Verhofstadt also tweeted a picture of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen shaking hands with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.  But GB News presenter Martin Daubney, a former Brexit Party MEP and staunch Brexiteer, hit back at Mr Vehofstadt and questioned the thinking behind his tweet. He wrote: "Not us, signed 17.4million Brexit voters. Plus EU membership for Ukraine would surely nudge the EU towards nuclear war with Russia, Have you though this through?" Separately, UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak blasted Verhofstadt for talking "nonsense" after he blamed Brexit for Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The vocal Brexit critic lashed out during a stunning outburst on the third anniversary of Britain’s departure from the EU. He told LBC: "A united Europe, certainly on defence matters, would make an enormous difference. I think maybe that without Brexit, maybe there was no invasion. I don’t know." The former Belgian Prime Minister added: "Let's hope that Britain can rejoin and let's hope that Ukraine can join and why not within five years?" READ MORE: Verhofstadt suggests Brexit to blame for Putin's Ukraine invasion Mr Verhofstadt also claimed "people understand that Brexit was a wrong choice" and that it "has done a lot of damage to Europe and certainly to the UK". But his claims triggered an angry response from Downing Street, with the Prime Minister’s official spokesman saying: "Putin’s illegal invasion has nothing to do with Brexit. In fact, the invasion has demonstrated the UK’s commitment to European security. "We have from the start been working extremely closely with our European allies, which is a real tangible demonstration of the UK’s continued commitment to the security of the continent. "That will not change and it’s nonsense to suggest otherwise." DON'T MISSThree years on the story of Brexit is a story of betrayal - NIGEL FARAGE [OPINION]Excited Rejoiners insist UK entering EU again to spark 'renaissance' [COMMENTS]Over 90% do not trust Jeremy Hunt to unleash full potential of Brexit [POLL] The MEP later appeared to slightly double down on his claimed, writing in later tweet: "Brexit made Britain poorer, Europe weaker… and worst of all, it made liberal democracy’s enemies happier!" "An unforgivable mistake… but a great democracy like Britain’s can always turn around and fix its mistakes." Today (January 31), Britain celebrates three years since the country officially left the EU, with many leading Brexiteers celebrating the milestone. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who signed the Withdrawal Agreement with Brussels, tweeted: "Time to turn the tables on the gloom-mongers, and exploit the benefits of Brexit. Remember that vaccine rollout! Happy Brexit Day!" Lord David Frost outlined 12 major benefits of the UK's Brexit freedom, hitting out at those questioning the UK's decision to exit the bloc. The former Brexit Secretary and chief negotiator wrote on Twitter: "As expected, all those who opposed our exit from the EU are out in force this morning trying to tell us it was a bad decision. Let's look at why they are wrong."