Prince Harry should have been denied residency in the United States after he failed to disclose his drug use which was referenced in his upcoming Megxit memoir, an American immigration expert has suggested. The Duke of Sussex, 38, was quizzed on his drug use during an interview with CBS' Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes. Prince Harry said: "I would never recommend people to do this recreationally. "But doing it with the right people if you are suffering from a huge amount of loss, grief or trauma, then these things have a way of working as a medicine." During his memoir 'Spare', which will be released on January 10, the father-of-two admitted to smoking cannabis, using cocaine and resorting to psychedelics. Professor Alberto Benítez, director of George Washington University’s Immigration Clinic, told the Telegraph: "He would have been asked [about drug use]. JUST IN: Harry tells of private moment with the Queen after her death: 'She'd completed her life' "If he was truthful in his answers, he should have been denied." If the Duke failed to declare it, he added: "One of the repercussions, whatever visa he has, is that it would be revoked, or he’ll be subject to being revoked because he lied in the application process." However, Professor Benitez speculated Prince Harry is residing in the United States on a Green Card. A Green Card would be obtained by the Duke through his wife. READ MORE: Prince Harry says people are 'infuriated' and 'embarrassed' at his 'peace' in the US   Meghan Markle was born in Los Angeles and is an American citizen. Applicants for a Green Card are also obliged to undergo a medical examination. Applicants must also address questions such as criminal history and involvement in extreme organisations, including Nazi groups. Immigration lawyer Chrissie Fernandez also addressed concerns about Harry's drug use.  DON'T MISS: Dan Wootton slams Prince Harry ‘interview’ claiming royal ‘chose BFF' [REVEAL]Duke set for explosive 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper [INSIGHT]Harry claims William argued about wedding beard for A WEEK [SPOTLIGHT]   She told the broadsheet: "In theory, if Prince Harry ever possessed any illicit substances, even if he was not arrested, he would have been required to disclose that." However, Fernandez added: "As it relates to past drug use without a conviction, it’s unlikely to cause a real problem for him." Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 