Meghan Markle is effortlessly gorgeous and always looks sensational, whether it's in a glam dress on the red carpet or a pair of jeans out and about with Prince Harry. What makes the Duchess' hair her crowning glory, and what could she do to step up her game even more? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Nicole Petty, hair expert at Milk + Blush, about Meghan's hair and its future possibilities. With a new year comes the promises of new beginnings. According to Nicole, there are some things the Duchess should do in 2023 to up her hair game. The expert suggested that the actress turned royal revert back to a style she rocked in her Suits days. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry, Kate and William all agree on parenting style Meghan played paralegal Rachel Zane on the hit legal series from 2011 to 2018. Nicole said: "Meghan should experiment with lighter tones throughout her locks, as she did in her Suits days. "Introducing subtle highlights or going for the copper or bronde look would really complement her skin, freckles and brown eyes." Although Meghan is still a member of the Royal Family, she would not be as bound to royal protocol as she may be living in the UK as a senior royal. Nicole concluded: "With newfound freedom, Meghan's hair possibilities certainly aren't restricted." However, Nicole also praised Meghan's current stylish do, and revealed that it is an extremely popular look. The expert stated: "Just behind Kate, Meghan Markle is the second most popular Royal Family member for hair inspiration." She explained that the elegant Duchess' locks rack up around 1,600 Google searches per month. READ MORE: Meghan's 'communicative eye expression' trick that Kate does not use Kate scoots into the lead among the royals with 2,400 hair-related Google searches per month. Nicole continued: "Unsurprisingly, [Meghan's] most searched look was her bridal hair, which she wore in a loose, low chignon bun." This gained an astonishing 9,900 searches in May 2018, and has been named the "most searched royal hairstyle overall". For this particular look, Meghan boasted a centre parting with her hair gathered at the nape of her neck. Meghan brought this look back recently, at an event just a few weeks ago. On December 6, Meghan stepped out alongside Harry at the Ripple of Hope Award Gala. She styled her incredible Louis Vuitton white gown and black pumps with the same pretty chignon. This time, however, the style was a little more slicked back than on her wedding day.