Coronation Street couple Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) and Daniel (Rob Mallard) are looking to tie the knot in the new year and start their new lives together. However, for Daisy things don't seem to be looking positive as her mother Christina (Anna Robinson) turns up in Weatherfield and a Barlow feud could be on the horizon, pushing Daisy out of the family. Being welcomed into the Barlow family is a big step, having to come face to face with Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) and Carla Barlow (Alison King). When asked how she was enjoying being an honoree Barlow, Charlotte told Express.co.uk and other press: "I mean, my first one and a half, two years, we were so restricted by COVID. "And we can only have two to three people in the scene, sow being in No. 1, and being around Tracy and being around Steve [McDonald (Simon Gregson)] and being around all these great characters. It's such a joy. It's so much fun." Charlotte also opened up on what Daisy thought of the other Barlow women, where she teased at a tense altercation which could ensue. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan teases campaign to join rival series She explained: "I think they are all great. That is the great thing about Corrie women, they are all very strong in their own right. "I think Tracy and Daisy would and will clash very much, which is going to be great fun to do. That is something that I have wanted to do since, I mean they told me they were putting me with Rob in the early days. "So I have been looking forward to that for a long time, that would be very fun to do and I would love to do one with Ally King, I had some bits with her when I first started. "I was hoping they would take it in another rival direction, but yeah I think they will clash, and conflict is interesting, I don't want them to be best friends and be boring." Will Daisy rub Tracy up the wrong way as the pressures of wedding planning take over the house? Daisy is a strong-headed and independent woman, as well as Tracy and Carla, so getting her own way could cause some tension in the family. How will Daniel deal with his fiance clashing with his family? Rob Mallard also touched on the fun of being able to film as a family once again, getting Daisy more involved with the family. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Todd Grimshaw exposes Esther and Mike's [WATCH]Happy Valley is back with a bang for season 3 [LATEST] He explained: "We've been able to be involved in a lot, even just peripherally and just passing through the living room capturing the end of somebody's sentence. "It's just nice to tie those families together so that you go these are a group, these are all when you see them interact and you get to play different relationships. "I mean, me and Kate have had an absolute blast doing brother and sister dynamic with each other, which we didn't get to do before because it was always just in the flat in the back room of the Rovers. "It just slips back into those relationships which because of COVID we didn't get to see that much of." Upcoming episodes will see Daisy fall in love with a wedding venue that's way above her budget and the owners agreeing to rent it for half-price if she has her ceremony the second Monday in May. Daisy is upset when Daniel shares his reservations about tying the knot so soon, leading her to flirt with the DJ by putting her mobile number into his phone and then posting photos of them together. Instead, Daniel goes over the brochure for their wedding venue and announces he's booked off work for the date she'd picked. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.