When the now infamous King Edward VIII took to the throne following the death of his father King George V on January 20, 1936, there was no Prince of Wales. This remained the case for 22 years as the title is only bequeathed to the male heir to the throne. When Queen Elizabeth II took to the throne in 1952, on the death of her father, King George VI, she then made the now King Charles III the Prince of Wales. But so controversial was this, a bomb plot was planned to stop the ceremony and to assassinate the then 20-year-old Charles. In 1958, when Charles was just nine years old, he was given the Prince of Wales title. However, it was not until 1969 that he was formally invested by Queen Elizabeth in a ceremony held at Caernarfon Castle in North Wales. In an interview before the ancient ceremony, the then 20-year-old said: “For me, it's a way of officially dedicating one's life, or part of one's life, to Wales. And the Welsh people, after all, wanted it." But this was not quite the case. During the Sixties, Welsh nationalism was on the rise and had become violent, with protests held and bombs being set off as frustration mounted. The Mudiad Amddiffyn Cymru (MAC), a Welsh Nationalist Group led by John Jenkins, was responsible for arsons and bombings said to act “in defence” of the country following a series of major events. The group had been angered by the likes of the Tryweryn drowning, which saw the Snowdonian village turned into a reservoir to provide Liverpool with water, in the process upending the lives of 70 people. The 1966 Aberfan disaster, where a colliery spoil tip killed 28 adults and 116 children, also fuelled the fire. It was felt, by the likes of Jenkins, that the incident was a result of Wales being under the use and control of England.    The MAC then turned its attention to Charles’s investiture, a campaign that almost saw the whole ceremony called off. Jenkins nearly convinced the then Prime Minister Harold Wilson to stop Buckingham Palace from going ahead with it. In his book Freedom Fighters: Wales’s Forgotten ‘War’ 1963-1993, former Western-Mail editor John Humphries wrote: “If that had happened it would have sent a message to the world that the Royal writ no longer ran in Wales — and it is conceivable that Wales today would be much further down the road to independence." On the eve of the investiture, a bomb was planted by two of the MAC’s “cells”, Alwyn Jones and George Taylor, next to a railway line in Abergele, the very line Charles was due to travel on to the ceremony. However, the bomb went off prematurely and both were killed, later dubbed the “Abergele Martyrs”. The next day, two more bombs were planted in Caernarfon. But these again did not go off as planned. One exploded in a police constable’s garden — that was intended to disrupt the 21-gun salute — which was heard in the distance. READ MORE: Prince of Wales title sows division amid Kate and William Wales visit    According to the Secretary of Wales George Thomas, Charles was told it was a “royal salute” to which the now King replied that “it was a peculiar royal salute”. "There are peculiar people up there," Mr Thomas then answered. Another, put near the castle, did not go off. Tragically, this bomb was discovered by a ten-year-old boy who was seriously injured when it exploded in his presence. At the ceremony, Charles “reputedly” wore a bullet-proof vest underneath his regalia, according to Mr Humphries. The plot was ultimately unsuccessful in its goal, and Charles went on to hold the title for 64 years and Jenkins was jailed for a decade. But the anti-Prince of Wales sentiments have not completely disappeared. In September, following the death of the Queen and Charles’s ascension, the debate reared its head. A petition calling for the end of the title out of “respect for Wales” reached almost 40,000 signatures, the equivalent to around one per cent of Wales’s population. DON'T MISS: The popular drink that could help significantly burn visceral fat [INSIGHT]Tony Blair shredded for 'hypocrisy' as ex-PM touted as new 'Mr Davos' [ANALYSIS]Germany refuses Kyiv its tanks as EU chief warns of 'massive assault'  [REPORT]  In November, Kensington Palace confirmed there were no plans for Prince William’s investiture as the Prince of Wales. Former leader of Plaid Cymru, Dafydd Elis-Thomas, told ITV in September that he had spoken with Charles about it while he was Prince of Wales. Speaking on an episode of Sharp End, the politician said: “I did raise with him that I hoped there would never again be an investiture in Caernarfon Castle. [Charles] laughed and said, 'Do you think I want to put William through what I went through?'” Also in September, Welsh First Minister Mark Drakeford told BBC Radio Wales that there would be “no rush” to plan a ceremony for Prince William with there being time to reach a “conclusion on what might be suitable for the best way forward”. Long ago, before the 12th century, the Prince of Wales was always a member of the Welsh royal dynasty, the first being Gruffud ap Cynan. But this all changed when King Edward I, driven by the desire to extend his power, sent 15,000 men to capture Wales. The then Prince of Wales, Llywelyn ap Gruffydd, was brought down at the Battle of Orewin Bridge in 1282. He was beheaded and although his brother took on the title, he too was executed. Ever since the Prince of Wales has been a royal from outside Wales. 