Princess Eugenie shared the news on her Instagram account with a sweet photo of her first child August kissing her bump. The caption read: "We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." Body language expert Judi James analysed the non-verbal communication in the adorable picture. Judi said that this is "an achingly cute moment from Eugenie and Jack, with their small son August hugging his mum’s legs and leaning up to kiss her baby bump". Thanks to the photos of Princess Eugenie at Christmas, this pregnancy was the royal’s "worst-kept secret," Judi opined. However, "the delight on Eugenie’s face as she gazes down is incredibly contagious," the body language expert commented. Princess Eugenie appeared on Christmas day with her husband and the rest of the Royal Family wearing a brown coat with a belt tied over her "visible bump". READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims  Today, the royal's official baby announcement was done via this "totally casual, country image, dressed in woolly hats". Eugenie was wearing a large shirt plus "the kind of random layers we’ve all been wearing to get us through this cold snap," Judi added. According to the expert, this shows that "the accent is on spontaneity, affection and freedom here". The mother and son pose is so natural that "it has created a moment that is a world away from formal royal portraits". Friends and royal fans took to the comment section to congratulate the couple with @natalie_pinkham saying: "What wonderful news!! And as for this pic… It’s everything!" Royal watcher @divinedayphotography commented: "Incredible!!!" and @dukeandduchessofsussexdaily added: "Oh my goodness!! Such lovely news, congratulations to you all!" Eugenie and Jack had their first child, August, in February 2021 after getting married at Windsor Castle in October 2018. The new baby will be Prince Andrew's and the Duchess of York's third grandchild, and the 13th in line to the throne. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' Princess Eugenie's sister, Princess Beatrice, has a daughter with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, Sienna, who was born in September 2021. Buckingham Palace also announced the news in a statement reading: "Princess Eugenie and Mr Jack Brooksbank are pleased to announce they are expecting their second child this summer. "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother." Princess Eugenie's mum, Sarah Ferguson, reacted on social media saying: "You will be sharing puddles, Augie! Superb news, granny heaven... So deeply grateful." The royal baby will be born this summer meaning that they will either be a Gemini, Cancer, Leo or Virgo. According to the zodiac, if the baby is a Gemini (May 21 to June 20) they will be extremely compatible with brother August, who is an Aquarius. If they turn out to be a Cancer (June 21 to July 22), the siblings' relationship may not be as close, according to astrology, but if they are a Leo (July 23 to August 22), they will share a "similar" personality. The most compatible star sign for August would be a Virgo (August 23 to September 22), as, according to the zodiac, the two will "get along well together".