One of Britain's most notorious killers has broken a new world record for solidarity confinement. Robert Mawdsley, 69, who has been dubbed Han­­nibal the Cannibal has been in solitary confinement for more than 16,400 consecutive days.  Mawdsley was already serving a life sentence for double murder when he killed two fellow prisoners in Wakefield jail. He chillingly told a guard: “There’ll be two short on the roll call." Since then, for almost 45 years, he has spent every day in solitary confinement. In 1983, prison staff, including barbers, refused to see him alone and a special cell was built at Wakefield.   It is slightly bigger than average at 18 feet by 15 feet and has bullet proof windows, a table and chair made of compressed cardboard. The lavatory and the sink are bolted to the floor while the bed is a simple concrete slab. There is a steel door that opens into a small cage within the cell, encased in thick Perspex with a small slot at the bottom where he is passed food. It is said to be very similar to the cell which caged cannibal killer Hannibal Lecter in the 1991 film Silence of the Lambs.  READ MORE: Sturgeon urged to take action after schoolgirl viciously attacked Mawdsley received his Han­­nibal the Cannibal name because of claims that he dug a spoon into the brain of one of his victims, something he has always denied. He spends 23 out of 24 hours a day encaged in the tiny cell that he described as “like being buried alive in a coffin”. After writing to newspapers asking for better treatment in the early years of his captivity, by 2000 he requested that he be allowed to die. In one letter, he asked why he could not have a pet budgie, promising he would “not eat it”.  DON'T MISS: Woman 'can't stop crying' after no one turns up to her baby shower [REVEAL] Terror police and bomb squad called to suspicious package at hospital [INSIGHT] Charles' attempted assassination and the Prince of Wales controversy [SPOTLIGHT] Mawdsley also questioned why he could not have a television to "see the world" and said that if his request was refused he would like a cyanide capsule. He said: "If the prison service says no then I ask for a simple cyanide capsule which I shall willingly take and the problem of Robert John Mawdsley can easily and swiftly be resolved." He is also said to be a lover of books, poetry and art just like Hannibal Lecter. 