A drone video released by the officials from Orange County Fire Rescue shows how individuals were rescued off an amusement park ride in Florida.  According to the report, the Wheel at ICON Park in Orlando lost power on December 31 at around 6:20 pm local time. At that time, 20 of the Ferris wheel pods were occupied, leaving 62 people stuck inside the pods as the ride lost power. A spokesperson for the department told FOX 35 that the members of the Orange County Fire Rescue were forced to manually rotate the attraction in order to evacuate people from the Ferris wheel pods, Video released by the Orange County Fire Rescue shows crews climbing the attraction, which stands at 400-feet tall.  Officials later confirmed that all 62 people on the ride were successfully rescued. The department tweeted: “More than 60 people have been safely rescued from more than 20 pods. “All pods are now empty and units have cleared @iconparkorlando. “All rescue climbers on duty responded to the scene, with additional off duty rescue climbers also responding to assist if needed.”  READ MORE: Defiant Ukrainians chant 'Putin the d***head' as strikes hit Kyiv A spokesperson for ICON Park said “the attraction will be reviewed by Florida state ride inspectors before reopening. “Updates on opening will be provided on our website and social.” The Orlando Wheel opened in 2015, according to the amusement park's website. It is owned and operated by ICON Park.  DON'T MISS:Xi Jinping calls for ‘unity’ as China enters ‘new phase’  [INSIGHT]‘Thor’ the walrus found resting on UK beach  [REVEAL]Xi Jinping claims it is ‘natural’ for people to disagree with lockdown [SPOTLIGHT] On March 24, 2022, Tyre Sampson, 14, died after falling off of the Orlando FreeFall ride at ICON Park. A report commissioned by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, conducted by Quest Engineering, states that a "proximity sensor" for the harness being used by Sampson was "manually loosened," which meant that Sampson wasn't properly secured in his seat.