Mercedes will make two big changes to their F1 cars as they seek to challenge Red Bull and Ferrari again following a problematic 2022, but they believe their power unit performance is in line with that of the Prancing Horse. The Silver Arrows failed to adapt to the sport's new era of regulations, with Lewis Hamilton in particular plagued by the issue of porpoising as they failed to match the early pace set by the front runners. Indeed, Hamilton endured the humiliation of being eliminated in Q1 in Saudi Arabia. He could also only finish 13th in Emilia Romagna, and was lapped by arch-rival Max Verstappen having gone toe-to-toe with the Dutchman in the title race the previous year. At one point, it seemed like Toto Wolff's team would go the entire campaign without a single Grand Prix victory. But George Russell ended those fears in the penultimate race in Brazil, leading Hamilton home after a dramatic affair in Sao Paulo. The W14 model for 2023 is now inevitably set to differ from the W13 used in 2022. And a report by racingnews365 has revealed the two critical elements to Hamilton and Russell's vehicles that could see Mercedes regularly winning races again. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton tipped to spend another two years in F1 despite stalled contract talks At the power unit level, the technicians directed by Hywel Thomas, who have already fired up the engine, are convinced that the performance is in line with Honda and Ferrari. The main changes will be under the bodywork, in terms of packaging, and under the floor, which will be redesigned in many areas, particularly in the sections of the Venturi channels and diffuser throat. The gearbox will also be an evolution of the previous version. All teams meanwhile, will have to adapt to another new regulation this year, with the minimum weight of a car reduced to 796 kilograms, meaning a bigger challenge to lighten cars. DON'T MISS:Michael Schumacher's official account responds after son Mick leads tributes with pictureChristian Horner claims Red Bull 'selective' after rivals slam decisionF1 news: Lewis Hamilton contract concern, Ferrari leaks, FIA president welcomes talks Whether the changes readdress the balance at Mercedes remains to be seen. In 2022, Hamilton finished 25 points behind Russell, meaning he was second to a teammate for only the third time in his career. And in a recent poll of Express readers, 57.6% of voters felt Hamilton has now been overtaken by his younger partner at the English giants. Meanwhile, just 42.4% felt the seven-time world champion remained Wolff's biggest star.