Former Detective Superintendent Shabnam Chaudri has blasted the culture within the Metropolitan Police, that allowed serial sex offender David Carrick to get away with his crimes for years. Speaking to Nigel Farage on GB News she gave her reaction to the fact that there were so many red flags but Carrick was not stopped. Her words come on the day that the Metropolitan Police announced it has opened a major review to investigate more than 1,600 cases of alleged domestic violence or sexual offences involving police officers and staff. The investigation comes following revelations about PC David Carrick, who has confessed to 49 charges of sexual offences, including 24 rapes, over an 18-year period, making him one of Britain's worst sex offenders. The Met is now preparing to review 1,633 cases involving 1,071 officers and staff. Sir Mark Rowley, the Met Police Commissioner who last year replaced Dame Cressida Dick following a string of scandals involving officers, said the force had "failed". Carrick, who was known to colleagues as "B*****d Dave", should “not have been a police officer", Sir Mark also said. Sir Mark had previously expressed concern the Met was riddled with hundreds of corrupt officers who needed to be removed.   Carrick, it has emerged, came to the attention of the Met over nine previous incidents which included claims of rape and domestic violence. Despite this, he never faced misconduct hearings or criminal sanctions over the allegations. Carrick joined the Met from the Army in 2001, and was vetted in the same year. He was also vetted in 2017. He passed both vetting tests. The 48-year-old met his victims on online dating apps, such as Tinder, as well as during social events. Speaking about Carrick,Shabnam Chaudri said: "It's absolutely shocking. It's shocking, and it's absolutely devastating for the 12 women, the brave, courageous women who came forward - some of whom had come forward previously. "I think what's more shocking and more devastating is that this animal applied to join the police force in 2000. "He got through the net. There were two allegations that had been made against him, one for harassment I believe and one for a burglary or a domestic matter. He went through a vetting process and he got through. "He then spent the next 18 years in the service, raping and violating, abusing and coercively controlling women - isolating women, locking them in cupboards, urinating on them, beating them with whips." READ MORE: Real-life 'chamber of secrets' hidden beneath housing estate  She added: "But what is shocking and devastating is that, those nine occasions, police were aware that there had been allegations of harassment, that there had been domestic abuse allegations. "Allegations plural from various women - they probably didn't even know each other. "He kept slipping through the net. There were no criminal investigations against him. There were no misconduct [investigations]. "Sometimes, on some occasions, it wasn't even passed through to the professional standards investigations teams and that is why he was allowed to continue his raping and violating." And when Nigel Farage asked her about changes to the vetting process that the Met Police's commissioner Sir Mark Rowley is bringing in, she says it is much more than simply toughening up the process. She said: "Vetting is a real problem, although Sir Mark Rowley the commissioner will now tell you that he has made some significant changes." DON'T MISSParents devastated after girl, 3, given just one month to live [REPORT]Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing [REVEALED]Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [ANALYSIS]  "[But] these aren't just about new recruits. Carrick had been here for 22 years. "There are officers sitting within the organisation that will have the same traits, personalities, behaviours, red flag behaviours who have been embedded in the culture across policing that will have a real difficulty changing their mindsets. "They may be within the process of those investigations and I hope they are exposed, they are investigated and they are kicked out of the organisation." She says that in order for the Met Police to flush out the bad officers the ones that do want to do the right thing need to be supported. "I was a whistleblower and that made my life very difficult. "That makes life very difficult for officers who want to call out these types of officers who misbehave, who are corrupt, who go over the top, whose sense of humour over steps the mark, but they don't manage to do it because they are not supported by the organisation. "Because they fear that they are going to be subjected to victimisation themselves."  