Francis Ngannou confirmed that he has made contact with a member of Tyson Fury’s team regarding a fight with the Mancunian. The former UFC heavyweight champion is hoping that he can box The Gypsy King around June or July once the undisputed fight with Oleksandr Usyk is settled. The pair were set to square off last year following Fury’s brief retirement from professional boxing. However, with Ngannou still signed to a UFC contract back then, a deal was not able to be struck. Now a free agent, Ngannou is hoping to make the transition to boxing and has called out Fury and Anthony Joshua for his debut. AJ is yet to respond but Fury was quick to accept the proposal. "Now I know this is a big interview so I'm going to take this deadly seriously, Francis Ngannou, I know you're out of contract with the UFC," he told Seconds Out. "If you want to earn some big boy money come and see The Gypsy King and let's do a big fight for the baddest MF on the planet and let's kick it up spicy, in a cage, with four-ounce gloves under Queensbury and let's have a bad a** referee like Iron Mike Tyson." Ngannou has since confirmed that he has spoken to Fury’s people about the fight. "I've talked to somebody. Some of [Fury's] advisors, but they're working on a fight with Usyk in April. So, until then, he will not be free, but I'm trying to see if we can have an agreement before that fight," Ngannou told TMZ Sports. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury told he 'won't win a round' against Paul in harsh fight breakdown Tyson to 'shake' on Paul bet as Tommy breaks silence on grudge fight Paul vs Fury eye-watering PPV price released as fans express disgust "That will also give me some time to prepare for a boxing fight. I have no problem with that timeline. I hope it will be sometime in June, July, which is doable. Let's see. I think it's too early to make a conclusion. It's too early to say anything about it but it's definitely something that we're looking into." However, the 36-year-old will have to wait until after Fury and Usyk’s four-belt shoot-out in the spring. According to Fury’s promoter, Frank Warren, the fight is being targeted for a date between late March and early April over in the Middle East. Saudi Arabia is believed to be the desired location with London’s Wembley Stadium booked in as a backup option if the showdown can’t be staged overseas.