 Piers Morgan has returned to Twitter after having his account hacked over the Christmas holidays to criticise Prince Harry. The Duke of Sussex has done a series of interviews that aired this weekend to promote his new memoir ‘Spare’, which comes out this Tuesday, January 10.    Piers Morgan made his return to Twitter after being silent on the platform for almost two weeks after being hacked over the Christmas break. The journalist began writing on social media as Prince Harry’s ITV interview with Tom Bradby began to come to an end around 10:30pm on Sunday evening.  After Prince Harry’s ITV interview was finished, Piers Morgan tweeted he had “never seen an unhappier ‘happy man’ in my life.”  Piers Morgan finished the tweet by adding that he found Prince Harry “pathetic”. The journalist, who had been one of the most prominent opponents of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle since they left the Firm, also tweeted that his show will be back on the air Monday evening and that he suspected it will “be a rather lively show.” READ MORE: Prince Harry says people are 'infuriated' he is 'at peace' Piers Morgan’s criticism comes at a time when Prince Harry’s first live interview to promote his memoir ‘Spare’ has been broadcasted, with interviewer Tom Bradby calling the royal’s book “jaw-dropping”. In the interview, Prince Harry spoke out about the media and criticised Jeremy Clarkson’s article on Meghan Markle last month, which he described as “hurtful and cruel”. The article published in the Sun amassed over 17,000 complaints made to media regulator IPSO, which was more than the total number of complaints the organisation received the whole of 2021. Jeremy Clarkson wrote in December that he dreamt of the day Meghan Markle would be made to parade through Britain without clothes as a crowd chanted “shame” and threw “excrement” at her, in what seems to have been a reference to the fantasy medieval drama Game of Thrones. DON'T MISS:Harry claims William argued about wedding beard for A WEEK [REPORT]Harry finally admits Royals aren't racist despite Archie comments [REVEAL]Harry hits out at Royal Family over Kate and Meghan's bridesmaid row [INSIGHT]  Prince Harry said: "What [Clarkson] said was horrific, and is hurtful and cruel towards my wife. “But it also encourages other people around the UK and around the world, men particularly, to go and think that it’s acceptable to treat women that way.” The royal also seemed to accuse the Royal Family of failing to defend his wife after the article was published. He said: "The world is asking for some form of a comment from the monarchy. But the silence is deafening. To put it mildly."