Lunaz Applied Technologies (LAT) has announced that its upcycling campus within the Silverstone Technology Cluster, Northamptonshire, is now fully operational following a major expansion. The expansion means LAT can significantly increase production of its upcycled electric vehicles (UEVs), with capacity to produce 1,100 vehicles per year. The facility, the first of its kind in the world, now occupies a total of 200,000 square feet – nearly four times its original size when it opened in 2018. Upcycling involves taking conventional diesel-powered refuse trucks alongside other commercial vehicles and converting them to fully electric power when they reach the end of their normal working lives. UEVs are proven to be cleaner, cheaper and better-equipped than all-new equivalents, saving money for local taxpayers and helping authorities achieve their net-zero goals. Research shows upcycling also carries over more than 80 percent of the originally embedded carbon from the initial vehicle production process when compared to buying new. READ MORE: POLL – Should 20mph be the default speed on UK roads? An independent audit showed that the LAT model preserves the equivalent weight of the Eiffel Tower in carbon every year. The business has also created 300 new jobs, making LAT comfortably the largest company within the Silverstone Technology Cluster by space and employees. David Lorenz, Founder of Lunaz, said: “The expansion of the Lunaz Silverstone campus is a clear demonstration of our commitment to breaking the replace-with-new cycle. “Lunaz now has the largest manufacturing footprint of any company within the Silverstone Technology Cluster. DON'T MISSSpeed limits may be slashed as 'the whole UK will inevitably be 20mph' [WARNING]Common money-saving car insurance myths busted [INSIGHT]Electric car charging can be more expensive than petrol and diesel [SHOCKING] “From this state-of-the-art facility, we unlock the power of upcycling, providing UEVs that are cleaner, cheaper and better equipped than their all-new equivalents.” The additional space allows LAT to bring the majority of the upcycling in-house, giving it total quality control at every stage of the production process and enabling seamless integration of its proprietary technologies. LAT has substantially extended the space devoted to innovation within its Silverstone facility and is pursuing various avenues of technology development to make the upcycling process even more efficient and cost-effective, enabling further savings for its customers. In this spirit, LAT has already completely designed its own battery packs, fitted to the UEV from the bottom up. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's car collection ‘reflects’ her personality This allows its engineers to have full control over the technology and chemistry, enabling an optimum power delivery solution based on each vehicle’s application. Batteries are fully assembled and tested on site at Silverstone allowing LAT’s world-class team to have complete oversight of quality control of these critical components. Mr Lorenz continued, saying: “Our new and fully operational facilities, which gives us four times as much space as we had before, enables us to continue scaling up production of our UEVs, meet the demands of more fleet operators and Government bodies who want to benefit from our technology. “We will also continue to grow this critical sector through the research and development of our proprietary EV technologies, too. “Above all, it’s a huge vote of confidence in our own technology and upcycling model, and in Silverstone as a location. We’re very excited that this new chapter for LAT has now begun.” In another industry first, LAT has developed a unique electric power take-off (ePTO) to drive the rear bin-lifting apparatus for its upcycled refuse trucks. In a normal vehicle this is powered by the diesel engine. With the ePTO, LAT has overcome the challenge of taking power from an EV battery while the vehicle itself is stationary, opening up possibilities for other commercial vehicle applications. Lunaz is aiming to deal with the “potential mass-redundancy” of the two billion internal combustion engine vehicles that currently exist around the world.