Wintry showers are expected to dump snow across parts of northern Scotland, according to the latest weekend forecast from the Met Office. Meteorologist Aidan McGivern told viewers that the wintry snow showers will coincide with "severe gales" in Scotland, prompting concerns over blizzard-like conditions. He warned that winds could reach up to 60mph or higher in more exposed areas in Scotland. He said that the weekend will start off with the south of England staying colder than the rest of the country. He added that a brief cold front will bring some rain into Scotland and Northern Ireland on Saturday morning. Mr McGivern told viewers: "In the morning, there is frost and some dense fog patches in the south. Temperatures could drop as low as -3C to -5C. "The fog could last for some time during the morning but eventually it will lift." JUST IN: Town branded 'snootiest place' where people 'show off on school run'  However, temperatures will lift in the afternoon but still remain lower than Friday. He explained: "Temperatures won't stray far from average but they will be a touch lower when compared with Friday. "Typically 5C to 6C in the afternoon in the south, 7C to 8C further north." Mr McGivern said that the south will continue to stay cooler with a touch of frost possible for both Saturday and Sunday.  The senior Met Office presenter said: "As we move through Sunday, winds will start to pick up, particularly across the north. "Gusty conditions will develop across the Pennines in England. "But the strongest winds develop across Scotland, with gales affecting the far north while a band of rain moves down Scotland. "Rain in the north will clear to some wintry showers. Snow falling over the hills of northern Scotland. "But more significantly, the winds will really pick up, as you see a risk of gales or severe gales further north. "60mph winds are possible on Sunday night, or higher in the more exposed parts." DON'T MISS: Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [INSIGHT]Zahawi tax scandal sees Tories fall to 21 points behind Labour [POLL]The Chancellor needs to find his inner Botham [COMMENT]  This comes as the UK faces a 25 percent chance of a rare phenomenon known as a ‘sudden stratospheric warming’ (SSW). SSW takes place when the Arctic’s air warms up and pushes a mass of low-level polar air toward the UK. Met Office forecaster Alex Deakin made the prediction, which would see the first SSW to hit the UK since January 2021. That caused Britain’s coldest temperature for 26 years as Aberdeenshire recorded -23C. Meanwhile, advanced maps from WX Charts show a blizzard hitting Scotland on Tuesday, January 31. Maps from WXCharts have also shown that there could be 15 centimetres of snow falling and temperatures of -8C by February 10. This week, unsettled weather has led to flooding and travel disruption across southern England. 