Mr Atherton said in  In a video that went viral on TikTok: "As a canine behaviourist, I specialise in working with dogs when things go terribly wrong. "Because of that I see the same breeds cropping up over and over again, displaying the same kinds of negative behaviours." Mr Atherton said the reason he saw cocker spaniels often was because he said owners often bought them for the wrong reasons. He said owners buy them without realising how much they need training, letting them become inactive, and expecting them to become an "Instagram dog". Mr Atherton added: "Because of that they display reactivity, barking, pulling, resource guarding and terrible recall." READ MORE: German manufacturer said they can give 139 Leopard tanks to Ukraine  The cane corso, an Italian Mastiff, is also a common problematic hound for Mr Atherton. Although he describes them as one of his "personal favourite dog breeds" he says things tend to go wrong with Corsos in the same way they do with cocker spaniels. He said: "Again, people get them for the wrong reason without the time, dedication or experience required that lead them to have bad reputation of aggressive reactive dogs." While all dogs have the potential to be troublesome, with love and the right training, they need not be. Meanwhile, a recent study from the University of Helsinki has established which breed is the smartest. DON'T MISS:NASA unveils plans to test nuclear-powered rockets  [INSIGHT]Thousands of homes impacted after water main burst causing flood [SPOTLIGHT]‘Freezing fog’ to engulf parts of Britain as Met Office issues warning [REVEAL] The researchers carried out tests on 13 dog breeds over three tests While the Belgian Shephard Malinois came out on top - followed closely by the Border Collie - the Labrador and Golden Retriever fell near the bottom in 9th and 13th respectively. Although this may give paws for thought, all was not lost for two of the UK's most popular breeds as they ranked well in their ability to read humans. Talking about the study, author Saara Junttila told the Mail each breed showed where it was most and least effective: "For example, the Labrador Retriever was very good at reading human gestures, but not so good at spatial problem-solving ability. "Some breeds, such as the Shetland Sheepdog, scored quite evenly in almost all tests, i.e., they had neither very high nor very low scores for any test."   