Ahead of Manchester United’s Premier League clash with Bournemouth, Marcus Rashford has regained his swagger. The England international has been in outstanding form so far this season, bagging 11 goals across all competitions. And with the club’s famous No 7 shirt currently vacant following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, his former team-mate is a candidate to take it on come the end of the campaign… Manchester United saw Rashford regress last season. After previously shining under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, he was unable to save the Norwegian from the sack before proceeding to toil following the appointment of Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis. These days, however, the 25-year-old is playing like a man possessed. He, more than Bruno Fernandes or Anthony Martial, is the talisman of this team. Erik ten Hag raised eyebrows when he benched Rashford for his side’s 1-0 win over Wolves on Saturday, with Alejandro Garnacho starting the contest instead. The England international had, it transpired, overslept for a team meeting earlier in the week. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Though Rashford has been the best player of his reign, Ten Hag still opted to come down strongly on his No 10 despite the importance of the game. Yet his decision paid off, with Rashford then coming on to score the winner and secure his side all three points. At the end of the season, somebody is expected to be given the chance to wear one of the most-famous shirt numbers in the whole of world football. The No 7 is free at Old Trafford, having been worn by club legends ranging from Ronaldo to Eric Cantona, David Beckham to George Best. Rashford, with the No 10 on his back, has already followed in the footsteps of club icons such as Denis Law, Ruud van Nistelrooy and Wayne Rooney. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But the No 7 is even grander and Ronaldo’s exit towards the tail end of last year means it’s there for the taking. Of course, it could feasibly go to Garnacho - who is expected to sign a new deal to commit his future to United for the long term. Likewise Jadon Sancho, providing he regains his best form, with the England international previously hoping to take the jersey upon arriving in 2021. It could also go to a new signing, too. Joao Felix, for example, would be undoubtedly eyeing the digit given it’s the one he currently wears at Atletico Madrid. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Rashford has done enough, so far this season at least, to warrant being a candidate for the number. And whether he can continue his electric form against Bournemouth on Tuesday night is something only time will tell. Speaking after United’s 1-0 victory over Wolves on Saturday, meanwhile, Casemiro hailed Rashford and admitted he was surprised by how good his team-mate is. “I’m going to be very honest with you; I was really surprised with the player Rashford is,” he told ESPN Brazil. “In my opinion, especially knowing the player off the pitch, I can tell you that if he’s doing well, he can be one of the top five players in the world. “He has an incredible way of hitting the ball, he’s got strength, he’s quick, is very clever playing. “He was one of the players that really surprised me. Of course, when you play in a different league you already know the player, but when you’re in the same club every day… “What a spectacular player. I’m enjoying so much playing with him. He gives us a lot of energy. “I’m delighted to play with him and I’m sure if he stays like this, with the conditions he has, he can easily be a top-five player because he’s exceptional.”