The mother of slain student Xana Kernodle discovered that the accused murderer, Bryan Kohberger was active in a Facebook group dedicated to trying to find her daughter's killer. The 28-year-old suspected killer is believed to have discussed key details of the case under an alias. The grieving mother said she had "no idea" he was "trolling" the group. Cara Northington's daughter Xana Kernodle, 20, was killed in her off-campus home in November, along with her boyfriend, Ethan Chapin, 20, and Her twoo flatmates, Madison Mogen, 21, and Kaylee Goncalves, 21. After an almost seven-week investigation, police arrested Bryan Kohberger after identifying his DNA at the scene. Following the tragic death of her young daugter, Northington joined a Facebook group dedicted to helping solve the mysterious case, in an attemot to find the quadruple killer. But horrifying new information came to light following his arrest when Ms Northington discovered that Kohberger had been a member of the Facebook group she was a part of.   She told News Nation host, Ashleigh Banfield: "That was shocking. Absolutely shocking. "I had no idea he was trolling the groups like that. That was shocking to me." Ms Northington said the discovery was "very creepy", and showed what a "sick-minded person" Kohberger is. She added: "Someone who can do this has to be very sick in the head. It's a game to him. READ MORE: Ex-FBI agent weighs in on suspected Idaho killer's chilling traits "That's what I feel like - it's a game he's playing. "This is not a game - it's real life. "And it makes me sick." Before his arrest, Xana's mum said she had never heard of Kohberger and doesn't believe her daughter would have had an connection with the older Washington State University student. Northington told News Nation: "I can't imagine she had any connection with him.     "He's quite a bit older than her or any of her friends. I don't know if they knew him." She said her daughter could have served the suspected killer at the vegan restaurant, Mad Greek, where she worked. Kohberger was reported to have eaten at the restaurant shortly before the murders - but the owner has since denied seeing him.  Kohberger is accused of fatally stabbing the four students to death in their beds on November 13, and has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder and one count of burglary. He will return to court in Moscow on June 26 to stand trial on four counts of capital murder. It's not yet known if prosecutors will pursue the death penalty. 