Shamima Begum will tell her story in her own words in a ten-part BBC Sounds podcast, as she battles her case against the British Government. The 23-year-old British-born woman has been given a platform on BBC Sounds to tell her story of how she joined ISIS and about her life in a refugee camp. Shamima Begum left East London aged 15 in February 2015, alongside her school friends Kadiza Sultana, 15, and Amira Abase, 16, for Syria where she now lives in what she described as "worse than a prison". Since her British citizenship was stripped from her in February 2019, she has been engaged in a legal battle to have her citizenship restored so she can return to her native London. Investigative journalist Josh Baker has been speaking to Ms Belgum for a year to give "her full account of what really happened after she disappeared" in a ten-series podcast aimed at "separating fact from fiction". Speaking from Syrian detention camp, Ms Begum told Mr Baker: "This is, I feel, worse than a prison. I think it's because at least with prison sentences you know that there will be an end but here you don't know if there's going to be an end." While she ackowledges public anger towards her case, she says she doesn't think it's about her but rather about ISIS itself. "When they think of ISIS they think of me because I've been put on the media so much but what was there to obsess over? "We went to ISIS, that was it. It was over, it was over and done with."  In bombshell revelations, she told the BBC podcast The Shamima Begum Story that she had been "relieved" to make it out of Britain and said that when she left, she expected never to return. However, she understand the British public could now see her "as a danger, as a risk, as a potential risk to them, to their safety, to their way of living". But she insisted that "I'm not this person that they think I am". The young woman now lives at the al-Roj camp in northern Syria, run by the Syrian Democratic Forces who fight ISIS in Syria. READ MORE: Shamima Begum 'threw tantrum' after UK return refused She blamed her portrayal in the media for the backlash, but accepted she decided to join the terrorist group. Ms Begum, who has been held in Syrian detention camps since the IS caliphate was defeated in 2019, is now in a legal battle with the British Government to get her citizenship back. DON'T MISS:Begum showed 'no remorse' and is still a 'national security risk' [REPORT]   Shamima Begum 'still poses risk to national security,' court hears [REPORT]   It's time for Shamima Begum to come home [COMMENT] After five years of judicial battles, Ms Begum now finds herself in a legal limbo. In July 2020, the Court of Appeal ruled that the only fair way forward was to allow her into the UK because she could not effectively appeal against the decision from the camp in northern Syria. But the Home Office appealed to the Supreme Court, arguing that allowing her return to the UK "would create significant national security risks". The Supreme Court ruled in favour of the Home Office, saying Ms Begum's right to a fair hearing did "not trump all other considerations, such as the safety of the public". Episode 1 of 'I'm Not A Monster': The Shamima Begum Story is available to listen from Wednesday on BBC Sounds. READ NEXT:Shamima Begum ‘smuggled into Syria by western spy'I was sex-trafficked to Isis, insists Shamima BegumShamima Begum mystery over story of 'fierce' fellow ISIS runaway‘She’s seen it!’ Shamima Begum tuned into UK media for public opinionNew legal victory could pave way for Shamima Begum to return