Loose Women aired a clip of Denise Welch getting emotional about her father's death while she was in Los Angeles. The former Coronation Street actress' father, Vin Welch, died in 2021 after minor surgery and pneumonia at the University Hospital of North Durham. The 64-year-old tearfully revealed she felt her dad was the only person who never judged her. In a new Loose Women special, the panel will be transporting viewers from the gloomy UK to the sunny skies of Los Angeles as Denise explores the weird and wonderful activities the city has to offer.As part of her adventure, Denise spoke to a therapist about her father's death.A tearful Denise began in a clip which aired on Thursday: "I lost my dad, and even though I am the age I am, you're still suddenly orphaned."My dad was such a rock in my life and I lost the person who never judged me.  READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage "It kind of made me a bit scared because I am so rubbish with bills and with anything to do with money."My dad kind of took care of a lot of that so I think I need a bit of self-care."I feel so much better just talking to you about it."Denise shared a tribute on her Instagram at the time of his death which read: "After making a miraculous recovery recently from major surgeries, pneumonia plus his existing pulmonary fibrosis was more than even he could take."She said she was "grief-stricken" but thanked the nurses who cared for him during his final days. She added: "I’ve never seen anyone fight to stay longer at a party than dad and last night was no different. He loved life and lived it to the full like no other. "The nurses in ward six at Durham University hospital will forever be in our hearts as they gave dad the most peaceful passing anyone could wish for." His death caused Denise to re-evaluate the things which were important to her.She told the Daily Star last year: “When I lost my dad, it changed my perspective on things.   DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [UPDATE]Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [LATEST] "I decided I didn’t have a very good work-life balance."My dad was somebody who filled every single minute of his 84 years. I want to carry on that family tradition.”Denise returned to television screens two months after Vin's death and she has tearfully spoken about him on occasions.Denise lost her mother Ann Welch in 2012, two decades after she was diagnosed with cancer. The Loose Women star previously told The Sun: "The way that it happened with my mum is that she went to sleep and I remember it was very peaceful."And she kept coming round and my sister was there and the kids. And she just took her final breath and she was gone."It was really quite beautiful in a way. It was such a close thing, that we were all together."Loose Women airs on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV.