Channel 4 kicked off its eighth series of A New Life in the Sun at the start of the year as viewers follow a different group of people opening various businesses abroad. Each week the show focuses on a selection of people, one of which included partners Colin and Kim. Having run events back in the UK in the past, the duo decided to move to France and transform a 200-year-old former winery into a venue fit for a series of different celebrations.Moving from the hustle and bustle of Essex to the rural Saint-Raphaël, Colin and Kim bought their new home for €370,000.Situated on 10 acres of land, the impressive French abode has six large bedrooms,two reception rooms, a wine cellar and a swimming pool.When speaking to Express.co.uk about whether or not they’d change anything about their business journey based on what they know now, Kim was unsure. READ MORE:Hairy Bikers' Dave Myers shares candid update about his cancer She said: “I don’t know if I would change anything really because what was so nice, because it happened like a whirlwind then we were just here.“You just have to get on with it, if you’ve got too much time to think about things, sometimes you can overthink things as everyone does.“I felt like we were thrown in at the deep end a little bit and we’ve met so many lovely people.“We got help and everything. I’d probably change if my daughter came and my granddaughter, that I probably would change and that would have been the only thing.”Colin admitted that they made the decision to move abroad for themselves as they’re now in their 60s and want to make sure they still have time to do what they want in life. He added: “It was just a thing that we decided literally overnight, even though we planned it back in 15 years ago, we were thinking of doing it.”The business owner commented that their move to France happened for them at the right time although due to Brexit, getting things to them has been one of the struggles they’ve faced.Although overall the duo admitted they have no regrets about their decision and advised people thinking of making the jump themselves to go for it.Kim added: “Don't hang around until you’re a lot older, I do think I wish I’d have done it when I was a bit younger. DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer’s Knitting identity ‘uncovered’ as Elaine Paige [VIDEO] Coronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family member [REACTION] Vera’s Brenda Blethyn addresses backlash over wait for new episodes [INSIGHT] “But we’re quite healthy people and the thing is with me and Colin, we’re quite a good team so we just get stuck in and do it.You’ve got to have a good team with your partner to come here and share everything to do because it’s too much for one person.” Located in the Spanish region of Andalusia, Jeremy bought a six-bedroom hostel with five bathrooms for €90,000 in Cantoria. When asked what the main challenges he’s faced so far when starting up a business in another country he admitted it was the language barrier.He said: “Nothing is plain sailing is it? The challenge was to open a business and not speak the language fluently. “It was relatively easy to open the business and get it all up, but the challenge is not speaking fluent Spanish.” However, he commented that the guests have all been lovely and use a translator to converse with him as he continues to learn the language. A New Life in the Sun is available to watch on All4.