Vikings Valhalla is back on Netflix and Leif Erikson (played by Sam Corlett) and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) settled their differences to work together. They formed a new crew to travel to Constantinople and the dangerous trip cost them a number of lives. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the location and its significance.  While Harald set out on his mission to rally forces to help him claim back Norway, he and Leif found themselves on a new path. After finding a boat and a crew, including their blind guide Kurya (Tolga Safer), they found themselves headed for Constantinople. Leif's new love interest Mariam (Hayat Kamille) was keen to travel there as they had the best medicine and doctors to help cure her health condition. The whole crew considered Constantinople to be a sanctuary and they would risk everything to get there. Constantinople was the capital of the Roman Empire and later the Eastern Roman Empire, Latin Empire and Ottoman Empire. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 ending explained as major character dies After the Turkish War of Independence, the Turkish capital then moved to Ankara. Renamed Istanbul in 1930, the city is now the largest financial centre of the Republic of Turkey, as well as the largest city in Europe. Constantinople was seen as attractive as it was the largest and richest urban centre in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea. Known for its architecture and literature, it was home to the first known Western Armenian journal published and edited by a woman. READ MORE: We discuss Vikings Valhalla season 3 and the show's future This is why Mariam, who was well-educated, was so keen to spend her final days there. In history, Vikings who crossed the Baltic Sea and Eastern Europe were branded 'Rus'. John Haywood said in his book Northmen: The Viking Saga AD 793-1241: “The Rus would have heard stories about the riches of Constantinople. "The big attraction in trade was silk, which was a massively prestigious product for which they traded slaves, furs, beeswax and honey with the Byzantines. DON'T MISS... What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla season 2 cast explained as guest stars join series [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla season 2 explained as Jomsborg is introduced [EXPLAINER] "Constantinople was also one of the few places that still had gold coins, which were in short supply compared to the Roman period.” In June 860, the Rus launched a surprise attack on Constantinople while it was left undefended. They burned houses, churches and monasteries but never attempted to breach the city walls. In 941 the Rus launched a more disastrous attack, but they suffered a huge amount of losses. READ MORE: Meet the star who plays Jorundr in Vikings Valhalla season 2 In a twist of events, a half-century later, the Vikings were recruited to defend Constantinople. When Byzantine Emperor Basil II faced an internal uprising in 987, Vladimir the Great gave him 6,000 Viking mercenaries to defend the city. Tourists who visit Istanbul now can see at least two runic inscriptions carved into the marble walls of the Hagia Sophia. They may have been engraved by members of the Varangian Guard.  Vikings: Valhalla season 2 is on Netflix now