On Sunday night, Darren Harriott, Mollie Gallagher, The Vivian, John Fashanu and Carley Stenson took the ice to show off their newly found skills for a chance to make it into week three. However, before the show kicked off, host Holly Willoughby left fans distracted with her dress with one eagle-eyed viewer comparing her to a "Quality Street". Introducing tonight's show, Phillip began: "Let's hear it for our skating stars and our judges, Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jane Torvill and Christopher Dean. "Wow, they are standing up in here!" Phillip remarked as the audience continued to cheer. Holly continued: "Ah welcome to the greatest show on Ice, what a star and thank you so much to our brilliant creative director Dan Whiston for putting that together for us, amazing." "After a superb start by our first six couples last week," Phillip went on to say before telling the audience to be quiet. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan He shouted: "You can sit down now, you can sit down, well done! Tonight the competition begins for these guys who will be hoping to meet the high standards that have already been set." Holly expressed: "And they will need to give it everything because, at the end of the show, one of them will face the skate-off where they will battle it out against Love Island's Ekin-Su. "Tonight, somebody will leave the competition," she added as Phillip concluded: "We have a packed show, including the sensational Jane and Chris who will be performing for the first time this series. "Let's get straight on with our first celebrity of the night, she's a Drag Race champion who hopes to be Queen of our rink, it's the one and only The Vivienne."   Many fans flocked to their Twitter to comment on Holly's dress, with @RussellHayward asking: "Sorry what is that? #DancingOnIce." Sue O'Neill teased: "Holly!!!!! something is growing on your shoulder #DancingOnIce #DOI." @socialmediajon1 commented: "Looks like Holly Willoughby has just rocked up from a family wedding straight to the #DancingOnIce studio." Yvonne expressed "Not sure about the frills, Holly.. #doi #dancingonice." DON'T MISS....Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [WATCH]BBC fans 'switch off' Michael McIntyre as fans fume over licence fee [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau DIY mansion is being sold [INSIGHT] Tina added: "I thought we left the quality street back at Christmas? #DOI." However, not all viewers were critical of her icy blue frock, as @roseyposey53 praised: "Love Holly’s dress tonight #dancingonice." (sic) Darren and his partner Tippy Packard performed to Fireball by Pitbull ft. John Ryan, while Mollie and her partner Sylvain Longchambon wowed with their routine to Angeleyes by ABBA. The couple who fail to impress the judges will be forced to skate again in the dance-off against Love Island star Ekin-Su CulCuloglu.  Her performance to the Britney Spears hit Toxic last week sparked more than 100 complaints to regulator Ofcom after she performed a "provocative" dance in a "nude" bodysuit. Many fans thought that the outfit was inappropriate for a "family" show, with many complaining it was her reputation from Love Island which prompted the outfit. Addressing the complaints made about her outfit, she exclaimed: "You know what? If you have ’em, flaunt them. I mean, if you’ve got a nice bum and you look sexy in a unitard, why not? Who cares?” Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:30pm on ITV1. 