Tennis is set to launch a new Netflix documentary series, with part one of Break Point due to be released on Friday. It documents a game-changing year for the sport with unprecedented behind-the-scenes access to a select group of the world’s best tennis players throughout the 2022 season on the ATP Tour and WTA Tours One of the players set to feature is Paula Badosa, the world number 11 who will compete for her maiden grand slam title at the Australian Open starting next week. Born to Spanish parents in New York, the 25-year-old moved to Barcelona at the age of seven and started playing tennis at Club Tennis d'Aro. Badosa made her debut on the ITF Women's Circuit in May 2012, before making her WTA debut in March 2015 after receiving a wildcard for the main draw at the Miami Open. She has since won three titles, the first of which was a thrilling victory over Victoria Azarenka in the final of the Indian Wells Masters in October 2021. A month later the Spaniard broke into the top 10 for the first time and qualified for the season-ending WTA Finals, reaching the last four. Badosa then reached a career hugh ranking number two in April of last year. JUST IN: Tennis star rejected by Australian Open played qualifier despite claiming he had Covid Her parents Mireia Gibert and Josep Badosa are both heavily involved in the fashion and art industries, having reportedly designed outfits for Serena and Venus Williams and Brittney Spears in the past. They still have a clothing store in Girona, Spain. Tennis star Badosa was an aspiring model herself in her younger years before her mother encouraged her to take up the sport and it is safe to say it proved an inspired decision. She is now in a relationship with Cuban actor and model Juan Betancourt, with the 32-year-old having worked with the likes of Ralph Lauren and Jean-Paul Gaultier. His work has even appeared in Esquire, GQ and Vanity Fair. Speaking this year, she said: “I love fashion. I’ve always loved it. Mind you, my style is pretty simple and basic. I don’t like to play. My favorite designer is Armani. I was lucky to know him because my parents worked with him."  Despite winning her first title in Sydney and ascending to her highest ranking yet, 2022 proved to be a challenging year for the tennis star. She lost 22 matches and failed to progress past the fourth round of a grand slam, and even fell out of the top 10 by the year's end. After a loss to Simona Halep in front of her home fans in Madrid, the Break Point Netflix series captured Badosa in tears as she spoke about her mental health. “This has happened to me before,” she sobbed. “I have been struggling for years with a lot of depression. When I was 17, I won the junior French Open. People were talking about me like I was the next big thing, the next Maria Sharapova. I felt like wow, now I have to be a legend, maybe next year I have to be a top 10 player. So for me it was a lot of pressure.” Early in her career Badosa suffered a series of crushing losses as she tried to make her way up the rankings. She has since revealed how she dealt with those feelings, which included not wanting to play tennis anymore. “It was very tough for me because I didn’t know what to do in that moment,” she continued.  “Life didn’t have a lot of sense because ever since I was seven years old my dream was to be a professional tennis player. “It was very bad, I didn’t want to go on a tennis court. I started to try to find solutions to work on it with mental health professionals so that helped for sure. I’ve been very open in press and everywhere about my mental health struggles because even the best athletes in the world can feel this. I’m in a position right now where if I talk, maybe I can help other people.” “A lot of people don’t talk about it because they think that maybe they’re going to be weaker but I think that it’s totally the opposite.” Perhaps Badosa struggled with added scrtunity after winning Indian Wells and reeaching number two in the world nine months ago, but with the 2023 season recently commencing, Badosa endeavours to improve her fortunes on and off the court. “I’m fighting a lot mentally to try to find myself again,” she said. “My team, they're with me 24/7. Every time that I’m thinking about something negative, I have them. They help me on and off court. If I’m not having a good day or mentally I’m struggling, they’re there for me.” Badosa has started this season well as she defeated Kaia Kanepi 6-1, 7-5 to reach the quarter-finals of the Adelaide Open on the eve of the year's first grand slam. 