Outlander season seven will be airing later this year with many former cast members coming back to reprise their roles. Among the stars returning will be Andrew Whipp as Brian Fraser, Lotte Verbeek as Geillis Duncan, Graham McTavish as Dougal MacKenzie, Layla Burns as Joan MacKimmie and Steven Cree as Ian Murray. However, Laura Donnelly was confirmed not to be returning as Jenny Murray after playing the part between 2014 and 2017. Addressing Donnelly’s absence from the series, Cree, 42, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Yeah, it was interesting. “To be honest, returning without Laura wasn’t that weird because I hadn’t filmed with Laura since season three that was in 2017, I can’t remember. “I hadn’t been on it for five years. The last time I filmed on it, my daughter was just born. “Actually, it was exactly five years ago, so in fact, season three would have been six years ago.” The star from Kilmarnock, Scotland went on to address working with his new co-star Kristin Atherton, whose previous credits include Waterloo Road, Doctor and Rocket’s Island as well as well as her theatre work which include productions with the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ devastating double death Cree said: “And actually, Kristin [Atherton], who came in and played Jenny was so fantastic and my storylines [previously] in the show were mostly with Jamie and Claire. I never really had that much stuff with Jenny. It was fine.” He continued: “It was really nice to go back again. It kinda felt like… it was weird, it didn’t feel like going to work. “In a way, it felt like going and putting on a wig and some clothes with my mates and putting on a Scottish accent. I feel like we’re all putting on Scottish accents in it.” The actor joked: “It does, honestly. I feel like I hear myself back on it, I feel like I’m putting on a bad Scottish accent.” Reflecting on being part of Outlander, Cree said: “I don’t think I’ll ever be in a show again that’s a world wide phenomenon, so it been nice to be a part of that journey and it’s never been too all-encompassing for me. “I’ve always had the opportunity to dot in and out, do other stuff. So it was a nice experience.” Cree admitted he wanted to make sure his schedule was clear so he was available to reprise his role in Outlander and described it as a “privilege” to star in the series. He said Outlander had become so much more than just a job for him after attending lots of fan conversions over the years, saying they viewers were “so enthusiastic”. The star is now going on to be appearing in the crime series The Diplomat, which will be coming to screens on UKTV’s Alibi in February. The show stars Sophie Rundle of Gentleman Jack and Peaky Blinders fame, Danny Sapani from Harlots, Laila Costa, Isak Férriz and Serena Manteghi. Six-part series The Diplomat sees British Consuls help out British nationals caught in sticky situations in Barcelona, Spain. Cree said: “A hundred percent loads of the Outlander fans will watch The Diplomat, they’re so supportive.” DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [UPDATE]3 big Emmerdale spoilers as lovers reunite and blackmail rocks village [THEORIES]Coronation Street legend confirms break from ITV soap [NEWS] He is next starring in the psychological horror The Bagman with Sam Claflin in which he plays the Peaky Blinders and Hunger Games star’s brother. Cree also has a couple of film projects in the early stages of development. Outlander is expected to be airing on Starz later this year with a total of 16 episodes. The star said about future projects: “I think you just never ever know what’s going to happen, so I’ve learnt over the years not to have any expectations about anything.” Outlander season 7 will air later this year and season 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now The Diplomat airs on UKTV’s Alibi channel in February