Jenson Button will make a return to international motorsport after three years out having signed up to run in an experimental car at the 2023 Le Mans 24 Hours. The 2009 F1 champion will get behind the wheel of a modified Chevrolet Camaro NASCAR in the iconic French endurance race. The car is a Garage 56 entry, reserved by organisers Automobile Club de l’Ouest (ACO) to explore “technology of tomorrow”. Button will partner seven-time NASCAR Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson and Le Mans veteran Mike Rockenfeller. The car will be prepared by the successful NASCAR squad Hendrick Motorsports whose vice-chairman is four-time champion Jeff Gordon. He said: “As a lifelong racing fan, I have always dreamed of racing certain cars, with and against certain drivers and competing in certain events. “In June, a number of those dreams will come true in one event when I get to bring NASCAR to the world stage alongside my pals Jimmie and ‘Rocky’ for the 100th anniversary of the most prestigious race in the world. I’m really looking forward to sharing this journey with NASCAR, Hendrick Motorsports, Chevrolet and Goodyear, and current and future NASCAR fans from around the world.” READ MORE: Jenson Button points blame at Red Bull over Max Verstappen team orders Button has previously competed in the iconic 24-hour endurance event having made his debut in 2018. He took part in the legendary six hours of Spa-Franchorchamps with SMP Racing in 2019 as well as the 1,000 Miles of Sebring. He has not competed on the international stage since the pandemic, instead focussing on online racing and domestic series. Button competed in the final round of the British GT Championship in 2020 and made appearances at the 2021 Goodwood Revival. Button will get his first taste of the new car at the Daytona International Speedway in a two-day test starting on Wednesday (February 1). DON'T MISSJenson Button's theory on Lewis Hamilton and George Russell chemistry [INSIGHT]George Russell antics questioned by Jenson Button after Mexican GP [ANALYSIS]Jenson Button tells FIA what penalty will 'really hurt' Red Bull [COMMENT] Jeff Andrews, team president and general manager of Hendrick Motorsports stressed the development of the package was progressing. He explained: “We couldn’t be prouder of this driver lineup that is going to go forward and represent this great effort – a monumental effort that we’ve been working on for quite some time. "From a vehicle side, everything is coming along well. We’ve got a test down here on Tuesday and Wednesday. We are looking forward to that. The first time to get all three of these guys in that car consistently and get their feedback."