The duo weren't afraid to get their hands dirty as they travelled to Sicily in Amanda and Alan's Italian Job to revamp a home to raise money for charity. However, they also managed to have some fun on the BBC series and speaking to Express.co.uk, the friends detailed a boozy night they enjoyed together. Comedian Alan and presenter Amanda share a passion for both travel and interior design. The friends joined forces to do up a dilapidated building, which was in a terrible condition. But during their time away from the DIY, the duo were able to explore the sunny holiday spot. When asked if they had enjoyed any "nights at a bar," Alan replied: "Oh, yes." READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now "We went to a pasta festival, which was brilliant," Amanda recalled. "So we were in this medieval village where you don't really see a living soul. "We had neighbours and all these different people but really, because it's so hot as well, no one comes out. "And then suddenly on this pasta festival day, I'm not joking, like, 4,000 people descended on this village. "I don't know where everyone came from. Everywhere had pasta, everywhere had beer." The 51-year-old continued: "It was just everywhere. It was 'help yourself' and it was all free." When asked if they had put on weight from the food on the trip, Alan admitted: "Well, she didn't, I did!" He added: "If you're not into travel or DIY but you want to see someone slowly getting fat over eight weeks, then it's essential viewing! DON'T MISS... Jackie Stewart's wife ‘can no longer walk’ as he gives dementia update [LATEST]GMB backlash as viewers slam Love Island coverage [REACTION]James May having 'difficult time' following Grand Tour 'axe' [LATEST] "Even my lockdown trousers were tight by the time I came back. But the people were so friendly." "They always bring food and you have to be polite," Amanda agreed. During their fun outings, Alan admitted Amanda had tried to "set him up" with a new partner. Discussing how he had filmed the series shortly after his break up, Alan commented: "It was great, and we spent the whole time laughing that Amanda would keep trying to get me a nice Italian boyfriend! "It didn't really matter what age or whether they had any teeth, no one was off limits! "It was wonderful. I couldn't put Grindr on because there's no signal up there." Turning to Amanda, he continued: "She's a matchmaker, she tried to match me up. "But I was I wasn't ready yet. There was only one love in that case and it was Amanda." Alan and Amanda's Italian Job continues on Friday at 8.30pm on BBC One.