F1 bosses have warned Cadillac and Andretti that they still face a major hurdle to get their proposed 2026 entry into F1 approved despite news of a partnership between the brands. Andretti has been trying to enter as F1’s 11th team but has faced opposition from many including Mercedes boss Toto Wolff. The Austrian has warned of the risk of diluting the sport if F1 accepts new teams without proper analysis. However, Andretti on Thursday announced a partnership with General Motors to bring premium car brand Cadillac into the fold. It comes just days after FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem announced that the governing body would be accepting bids for new entrants. But, F1 has now hinted at a major hurdle for the American-based team with the agreement of both organisers needed to progress. A statement read: “There is great interest in the F1 project at this time with a number of conversations continuing that are not as visible as others. READ MORE: Andretti announce new F1 partnership as FIA chief gives blessing "We all want to ensure the championship remains credible and stable and any new entrant request will be assessed on criteria to meet those objectives by all the relevant stakeholders. Any new entrant request requires the agreement of both F1 and the FIA." It is believed the new team, Andretti Cadillac, will be based in America with a second base in the UK. But, Cadillac is not expected to provide power units for Andretti who already has an existing deal with Renault. Wolff has been pessimistic over a possible Andretti entry, demanding they provide evidence of what they can bring to the table. He commented: “Andretti is a great name, and I think they have done exceptional things in the US. But this is sport and this is business and we need to understand what it is that you can provide to the sport. DOB'T MISS FIA president announces new direction for 2023 in blow for Mercedes [INSIGHT]Mario Andretti hints at F1 return as Zak Brown fulfils promise [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff 'disrespectful' as Mario Andretti blasts Mercedes boss [COMMENT] “If an OEM or an international, multinational group joins F1 and can demonstrate that they are going to spend ‘X’ amount of dollars in activating, in marketing in the various markets; that’s obviously a totally different value proposition for all the other teams." Andretti hit out at the remarks after the collaboration was announced, suggesting the deal could be enough to squash concerns. Andretti explained: “We’re bringing one of the biggest manufacturers in the world now with us with General Motors, motors in Cadillac. So we feel that that was the one box we didn’t have checked that we do have checked now."