NBA superstar Ja Morant brutally trolled the Charlotte Hornets in a blow-out victory over them as his Memphis Grizzlies cruised throughout the evening as the point guard event took 27 seconds to mock the team in front of their home fans. In the third quarter with the team up by 30 points, Morant chose not to touch or advance the ball, letting time run off the clock. Usually, a player has eight seconds to bring the ball up the court into the opponent's half, but that does not begin until a player touches the ball. On the inbound pass to Morant, the 23-year-old chose not to touch it and let it lay still for 27 seconds before a Hornets players finally came up the court to challenge him, with the Hornets fans boo'ing in frustration. Although a perfectly legal move by Morant, it was clear that many found the decision unneccessary, as Morant essentially gloated of the Grizzlies lead, and not in any rush to advance the ball up the field to run a play. The commentator said: "I’ve never seen this. We’ve seen a lot of basketball – I don’t think I’ve seen this. I don’t know what the Hornets are doing". Finally, Hornets guard Terry Rozier came up the floor to make Morant pick it up.  But whilst many accused Morant of disrespecting the Hornets, some praised him for the move. ESPN's Marc J Spears said: "The basketball IQ owned by @JaMorant is outstanding as evidence below," while The Atletic's JE Skeets said: "This is art". It was another impressive outing for Morant, who scored 23 points and eight assists to further enhance his MVP candidacy. Into his fourth season, Morant continues to improve as the leader of the Grizzlies, with the team having the second best record in the western conference behind the Denver Nuggets and MVP frontrunner Nikola Jokic. It continues to be a nightmare season for the Hornets meanwhile, who have the worst record in the eastern conference and the second worst in the league. It may be a blessing in disguise for Charlotte however, who could be in line for a top draft pick in one of the more highly anticipated drafts in recent memory, featuring 7'2 Victor Wembanyama and athletic guard Scoot Henderson.