An estimated 19.2 million families and 39.8 million individuals in Great Britain who receive Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) and HMRC benefits will see an increase in their payments to help with the rising cost of living this year. The new rates will come into effect from April 2023. The move was announced during Chancellor Jeremy Hunt’s Autumn Statement in November and is said to cost around £11billion. However, Mr Hunt noted that enacting the raise would be “consistent” with the Government’s “commitment” to protect the most vulnerable during a period of staggeringly high inflation. Here is a summary of some of the new rates confirmed by the DWP and HMRC. PIP is a benefit distributed to those who need extra help with daily tasks or getting around due to long-term illness, disabilities, or physical or mental health conditions.  READ MORE: 700,000 people may be due state pension backpay after DWP error  There are two parts to PIP; a daily living part for those who need help with everyday tasks, and a mobility part for those who need help moving around. Each comes with two rates; a standard rate and an enhanced rate. Whether people get one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find the individual tasks In line with the 10.1 percent increase, new rates for both components will be: Daily living tasks Mobility tasks  DON'T MISS: UK pensioners much worse off than European counterparts [ANALYSIS]Remove window and door draughts in minutes with energy-saving methods [EXPLAINED]Teenager wins £182m EuroMillions jackpot but ticket was not paid for [INSIGHT]    Universal Credit is a benefit distributed to people who are on a low income or are unemployed and need help with their living costs. How much a person receives depends on their individual circumstance, including age, whether they live in a couple, and whether they have children. People receive a basic "standard allowance", then additional amounts on top in accordance with the number of children they have, disabilities, and so on. The new standard allowance rates for April 2023 have been confirmed to be: Standard allowance monthly rate To view the full list of increases, including extra amounts, the full list is available here. READ MORE: Entrepreneur turns £20 side hustle into £100,000 business   Attendance Allowance is for people over state pension age who need help with personal care or supervision due to illness or a disability. The benefit is paid at two rates, the lower rate and the higher rate. The amount eligible claimants receive is calculated based on how much help is required, not any current help the person does or doesn’t get. The new lower and higher payment rates for April 2023 will be: Carer’s allowance is a benefit distributed to people who care for another person (who receives certain disability benefits) for at least 35 hours a week. From April 2023, the DWP has confirmed that Carer’s Allowance will increase from £69.70 a week, to £76.75 a week. This could see eligible claimants receive up to £3,991 a year, which could be equivalent to around £332 a month. People can choose whether they’d like to be paid weekly or monthly and funds are paid directly into the person’s specified account. Jobseekers Allowance (JSA) supports people who are unemployed while they look for a job. While it’s being replaced by Universal Credit, those still claiming JSA will still see their payments increase from April. Rates for couples, those with children, disabilities or caring responsibilities can be found here.  Britons in receipt of housing benefits will also see a rise in their payments from April 2023. This benefit is also being replaced by Universal Credit, however, those claiming this will still see a raise of the following: For those who claim as a single person: For lone parents: For couples:  Pension Credit is designed to help people over state pension age and on a low income with daily living costs, but people do not need to be in receipt of the state pension to receive it. People may get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs. The top-up and extra amounts are known as "Guarantee Credit", and the new rates from April 2023 will be: Those in receipt of the credit are also granted access to a wide range of other benefits, including help with housing costs, council tax or heating bills. The full list of increases for state pensions, benefits, and the increased benefit cap can be found on GOV.UK. 