Stacey Solomon, who is expecting her fifth child, enjoyed a "girly day" with her one-year-old daughter Rose. The Loose Women panellist at the end of December revealed the due date is this month. The 33-year-old took to Instagram yesterday and shared sweet snaps alongside her baby girl as they both wore matching outfits. The mum and daughter duo opted to wear matching striped jumpers as Stacey opted for a fitted beige skirt while Rose wore a tutu. The pair were all smiles as they took a series of selfies together. Stacey captioned the post: "A day out with my little lady... Couldn’t not post these. Got to have a girl's day yesterday with Rosey Posey and I only wish I had my own adult sized tutu so we could be even more matchy. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift "I know one day our matching days will be a distant memory so I made the most yesterday…  She later took to her stories and shared a step-by-step photo guide as the pair got ready for their day together. Stacey wrote: "Getting ready with you is my favourite thing to do. Joe took Rexy out for some crazy runaround trampoline time yesterday.  "So me and Rose had a girly day. First, we got ready together." In a follow-up post, she penned: "And then we had a proper girly day out. The big pickles are at their dads' so it was lovely to have a one-on-one on Saturday with Rosey Posey. "I love doing ones with all of the kids when I can but obvs there's a lot of them so it doesn't happen often."(sic) She continued: "...And yes I dressed us matching. I don't even care if anyone thinks it's sad, I dreamed of these days and I know from teenage experience that she won't want to be seen with me one day." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears breaks silence after 'manic episode' in restaurant[LATEST]Josie Gibson's son taken to hospital after accident on Mexico break[INSTAGRAM]Holly Willoughby’s Dancing on Ice dress slammed 'It's a family show'[PICTURES] Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they gushed over the mum and daughter's looks. Mrs Hinch wrote: "Absolute Mumma and daughter goals. I promise you now if I could pull off the boy's football kits I would dress the same as them xx. Have the best Sunday darling." Joss Stone penned: "So cute! I wish they made mummy size versions of my daughters tutu dresses! If only." Tracy commented: "Oh my days. Gutted that my childbearing years are over because seeing Rose and how adorable she is makes me want more." Tina added: "The perfect twinning moment." Stacey and Joe, 40, announced they are expecting their third child together in December. She later left fans gobsmacked as she revealed her bump and revealed she was due to give birth this month. The exciting baby news makes the fast-growing Solomon-Swashes even bigger, with seven members of the family.