The Australian Open saw a player retire a match for the first time this year when Sebastian Korda was forced to quit his maiden Grand Slam quarter-final after struggling with a wrist injury. The American was 7-6(5) 6-3 3-0 down to Karen Khachanov when he decided to stop, marking the end of his amazing Aussie summer which also saw him reach the Adelaide final. There had been a whopping 242 matches at this year's tournament before the first retirement. Korda's first Major quarter-final ended in heartbreak as the 29th seed was forced to stop three games into the third set with a right wrist injury. The 22-year-old had required treatment for the problem mid-way through the second set after losing a close opener in a tiebreak. The world No 31 has been forced to fend off break points early in the second but it was all one-way traffic once the injury set in and he has his wrist strapped up following a medical time out. Korda was broken from 40-0 up and didn't win another game afterwards as Khachanov took the second set 6-3 and raced to a 3-0 lead in the third, when the American decided to stop the match and prevent aggravating his wrist. It meant that an incredible streak of 242 matches without a retirement across the draws at this year's Australian Open finally came to an end on day nine. JUST IN: Inside Ben Shelton's rise to stardom at Aus Open having never left USA  Korda had been enjoying an impressive run of results in Australia to start the season, as he reached the final of the Adelaide International ahead of the Aussie Open and held a championship point against Novak Djokovic before going down in three sets. He then upset seventh seed Daniil Medvedev in the third round in Melbourne before backing it up with a win over 10th seed Hubert Hurkacz to reach his maiden Grand Slam quarter-final. After the match, the 22-year-old revealed that he felt the injury in Adelaide two weeks ago but was fine in all of his Aussie Open matches until the quarter-final. "I had it a little bit in Adelaide a couple weeks ago, but then it went away. During the matches, it was completely fine. Then just one kind of mishit return, and it started to bother me a lot of after that," he told reporters. Korda confirmed that the issue started early in the second set after hitting one return that left him unable to hold the racket at times, but didn't know exactly what the problem was and confirmed he would consult a doctor. "I have no idea. I don't know what it really is. I had it in Adelaide and then it went away completely. Now it just came back out of nowhere," he added. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic takes Nadal dig after Australian Open injury questionedNovak Djokovic's win over De Minaur makes Nick Kyrgios 'feel good'Alex de Minaur hints at Novak Djokovic suspicions over Aus Open injury  "I mean, I knew kind of what it was right away, right when I hit the return. I kind of felt that spot that I was feeling before. Like I said, some forehands I couldn't even hold the racquet. Volleying was almost impossible for me. So it was a little tough." Korda had been hoping to emulate his dad Petr's run to the 1998 Australian Open title this year but came unstuck thanks to the injury. While he won't be able to go all the way, the American is now taking "a lot of confidence from his run." He added: "There is a lot of positives. I mean, way more positives than even negatives. Today was tough, but hopefully it's nothing serious and I can take care of it so I don't have it in the future. "Like I said, I don't know what it is, but yeah, obviously a lot of positives. Still a great tournament. My first quarterfinal in a Grand Slam. You know, I'm going to go forward with my head high and keep working."  But instead it's Khachanov who advances to the last four for the second-consecutive Major after he also made it into the semi-final of the US Open in September. "I think until a certain point it was very competitive, a very good battle," the 18th seed after Korda's retirement. "He beat my friend Daniil in three sets and won in five sets against Hurkacz so you know he is playing great. So applause to him." 