The Princess of Wales had to temporarily remove her engagement ring while on a visit to Liverpool with the Prince of Wales. William and Kate were in the city to open the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital. The couple went on a tour of the new facility on Thursday, greeting the public and meeting NHS staff amid the ongoing healthcare crisis. At the end of the visit, William and Kate took selfies with NHS workers and praised the staff for their hard work. During the trip, Kate had to temporarily hand over two of her most important possessions – her engagement ring and her eternity ring. She was able to wear her gold wedding ring, but Kate walked around the Liverpool hospital without her 12-carat sapphire engagement ring and her Eclipse diamond eternity ring, made from 18-carat white gold. Kate removed her rings because for health and safety reasons. She did the same when she visited Evelina children's hospital back in 2020. The rings are considered a potential hygiene hazard and therefore had to be removed. William and Kate's visit to Liverpool was also their first public outing since Prince Harry released his new book 'Spare'. In it, Harry alleges that William physically attacked him. He also makes additional claims regarding the tense relationship between Meghan Markle and Kate. While visiting the hospital, a reporter asked William and Kate: “Do you ever plan to comment on Harry’s book sir?” READ MORE: Royal silence on Harry book praised as duke 'damaging own reputation' The couple ignored the question, maintaining the Royal Family's wall of silence regarding Harry and Meghan's recent criticisms of the Firm. Meanwhile, an 81-year-old woman told William outside the hospital: “Keep going Will, scousers love you”. In response, he said: “I will do”. Harry also recalls another incident in his book where he and William fell out as young boys. He added that he and his brother would fight often if there were "no other common enemies around." DON'T MISSPrince Harry slammed as example of 'hypocritical privilege' [INSIGHT]Queen Elizabeth II lauded amid release of Prince Harry's Megxit memoir [ANALYSIS]Marine praised in Harry's memoir claims Duke needs to 'shut up' [INSIGHT] Harry then recalled a moment in Scotland when he fell out with William He said: "Once in Scotland, on the way to the River Spey, we started scuffling and soon were in a full scrap, rolling back and forth, trading blows. "Pa swerved to the side of the road, shouted at Willy [Prince William] to get out. "Me? Why? Pa didn't feel the need to explain. Out. Willy turned to me, furious. "He felt I got away with everything. He stepped out of the car, stomped to the back-up car with all the bodyguards, strapped himself in (We always wore seatbelts after Mummy's disappearance)." He added: "The convoy resumed. Now and then I peered out of the back window. Behind us, I could just make out the future King of England, plotting his revenge."