Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have named dropped countless celebrities during their whirlwind media blitz including private text messages from Beyonce on their Netflix docuseries and the Duke's parties at Courtney Cox's mansion in 2016. But royal commentator and host of the "To Di For Daily" podcast Kinsey Schofield has since warned the royal couple's relationship with the Hollywood elite will be damaged by the revelations. She told Fox News: "I think 'Spare' and the [recent] Netflix documentary will ultimately hurt Harry and Meghan’s relationships with the Hollywood elite. "Did intensely private Beyoncé give Meg permission to read a text message that she sent the duchess verbatim to millions of Netflix subscribers? "I highly doubt it. Did Courteney Cox expect to one day be called out for ‘magic mushroom chocolates’ in ‘Spare?’ "Does Gayle King enjoy being grilled by the internet when Harry tells ITV there isn't a royal racist after Gayle appeared on morning television claiming that her friends, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, had receipts? READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told to 'find other people to get dirt from'  "They are putting people in uncomfortable situations. "While having Tyler Perry and Oprah in your corner is a huge help, I think most individuals don't want to pick a side and would prefer to avoid the drama." It comes as US comedian Chelsea Handler said Hollywood is tired of hearing the Duke of Sussex talk about his "frostbitten penis". Reference to Harry and his controversial memoir Spare was made at the 28th annual Critics Choice Awards (CCA) on Sunday.  In the book, which has become the fastest selling non-fiction book since its release, the duke discussed a trip to the North Pole, and described how his gentleman's parts had been frost-nipped. Opening the CCA ceremony, host Handler discussed the success of award-nominated Netflix show Dahmer. "Before we get started, I just want everyone to know that we are here to have fun and keep the vibes high," she told audiences. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry slammed for TMI in Spare - 'inane and puerile' [INSIGHT]'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow [ANALYSIS]Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book [VIDEO] "I know that I have a reputation that precedes me, but you should all know that I have visited two years of therapy. So everyone is safe now." She added: "Dahmer became the third highest viewed show on Netflix with a combined watch time of one billion hours, which apparently is the same amount of time we're going to have to listen to Prince Harry talk about his frostbitten penis. "It's enough already."