While the full effects are not expected to be felt until the third quarter of the year, energy prices could be lower in 2023 than initially expected. Energy market analysts, Cornwall Insight, recently announced its latest forecast for the year, however, bills are still set to remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. At present, the Government’s energy price guarantee (EPG), which limits the amount suppliers can charge per unit of energy used, brings a typical bill for an average household to £2,500 a year. This was initially due to end in April this year, however, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said during his Autumn Statement that the EPG will continue for a further 12 months, but at a higher level of £3,000 per year for the average household instead. But, falling wholesale energy prices could see costs reduced for the Government, which compensates suppliers for the difference between the default tariff cap and the energy price guarantee, as prices are expected to soon fall lower than the current fixed £3,000, Cornwall Insight has said.  READ MORE: HMRC takes record income from death tax raids on grieving families  A statement from Cornwall Insight reads: “Our latest forecasts for the default tariff cap (price cap) have shown energy bills for a typical household are predicted to be below the Government’s energy price guarantee (EPG) from around July.” According to its analysis, electricity default tariff cap costs are expected to fall from April 2023’s forecasted £1,725.51 to £1,243.91 a year, while gas is expected to drop from £1,819.80 to £1,556.26 a year, bringing total forecasted average bills to £2,800.16 a year from July to September. With the EPG currently set to increase to £3,000 per year from April, the support scheme could effectively no longer be an additional cost to the Government moving into the second half of 2023, if the price cap does actually fall below the EPG level.  DON'T MISS: Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Millions of households to receive cost of living support this spring [INSIGHT]‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPLAINED]    While wholesale energy prices are dropping now, the main effects won’t be felt for around six months as according to Cornwall Insight, energy suppliers typically buy their energy ahead of time to comply with the cap. Dr Craig Lowrey, principal consultant at Cornwall Insight, explained: “This means falling day-to-day wholesale prices (spot prices) have a limited impact in the short-term.” Energy prices are expected to rise only slightly heading into the fourth quarter of the year from October to December, as Cornwall Insight predict electricity default tariff cap costs will increase to £1,308.02 a year, but gas will lower again in price to £1,527.14. This brings the total forecasted average bills to £2,835.16 a year. READ MORE: Pension reform may be on Rishi Sunak’s list   This means energy prices could still remain lower than the £3,000 EPG throughout the second half of the year. On the forecast, Dr Lowrey, said: “While it is positive to see a drop in the price cap forecast, household bills are set to remain high. "With the energy price guarantee rising in April, the second half of the year will still see a typical household facing bills that are well above historic levels and facing costs that many can ill afford.”  He continued: “The cap’s fall below the threshold of the EPG will, if wholesale prices continue at this level, effectively see the scheme no longer costing the Government. We must remain cautious as the Government has essentially been underwriting a volatile wholesale energy market – one which is likely to remain unstable throughout the year. “Even if energy prices continue at current levels – which is a big if – the costs to the Government over the full period of the EPG are still contributing to Government borrowing and will ultimately fall at the feet of consumers in the form of higher taxes.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Business, Energy, and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) for comment. 