Sally Nugent and Jon Kay were back on Tuesday to present the latest news headlines on BBC Breakfast. Throughout the programme, the pair discussed a range of topics and spoke with a number of experts including the Transport Secretary, Mark Harper. However, during one segment, Sally appeared to get emotional. The presenter was clearly moved after watching a segment on guide dog puppies. The clip shared the struggle of a guide dog charity and how there was a lack of volunteers. Following the video, Sally held her hand to her face and said: "Wow." READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist  Looking concerned for his co-host, Jon asked: "Are you alright?" As she tried to laugh it off, Sally replied: "No! I don't think I can carry on. "What an incredible thing to do, though, to be able to work with a dog like that and then hand it on for the next stage of its job." "I'm amazed there's a shortage, I'd have thought there'd be people queuing around the block, but I guess it's a huge commitment, isn't it?" Jon went on to say.  Later on in the show, Jon explained they would be welcoming a guide dog into the studio. "And we've got a dog coming in," Jon beamed as Sally added: "We have!" "Do you know what we really need, now? Some beautiful pictures of guide dogs." "Can we handle it?" Jon asked as Sally said: "I definitely can." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry branded ‘ridiculous’ as he lashes out at family again [REACTION]Jennie Bond questions Prince Harry's intentions in scathing rant [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [SPOILERS] "Come on everybody, let's have a look at this. This is what we need on a Tuesday morning." Sally and Jon proceeded to show a string of cute dog photos which they cooed over. The duo were later joined by guide dog, Dougie who completely stole the show. Viewers also loved seeing the pup in the studio and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Grace wrote: "He is absolutely gorgeous. Let’s just watch Duggie." (sic) "#Dougie steals the show (of course) @BBCBreakfast," user @Meloney007 said. Naomi added: "@BBCBreakfast is talking about guide dogs and I can collectively hear the UK go "aww DOGGO!"." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.