You paraded for duty 10 minutes before your start time, any overtime up to an hour was “for the Queen” in other words gratis. At the said parade for duty you were inspected for uniform and deportment. Checks were made on whether or not you had the appropriate truncheon (known as your stick) handcuffs and pocket notebook. Boots were clean and polished and your hair was the regulatory length. Women had to have their hair pinned up, never below the ear. Earrings were studs only, no hoops or dangly things. Tattoos were taboo and had to be covered. Beards were neatly trimmed, certainly not Viking as many are now. You had to be six feet tall to work in the city centre where the work was mainly public order. Inspectors who were in charge of each shift were very respected, called boss or sir and when they walked into a room constables stood up as a mark of respect. First names for Inspectors and Sergeants was just unheard of. Standing orders ran to hundreds of pages but it was the Bible we all stood by, transgressions were dealt with dependent on severity, a look, or a good old fashioned b*llocking often sufficed - but serious stuff was handed over to Discipline and Complaints. And they spared no one and cut no corners. If D&C came calling you knew you were in trouble. “This is all very well and of its time” I can hear readers thinking - but the erosion of these standards has been a very serious contributory factor into the demise of the police service in this country. Alongside a serious vetting pre-entry to the force, post training school whereby as a probationer constable you were weighed up and measured by your peers. It was rare to get onto your shift a “wrong un”. For sure, quite a few officers did not make the grade whether it was during their first few weeks with their tutor constable to the first few months on their own as a member of a shift. Anything, and I mean anything, dodgy was dealt with by the collective team. We policed ourselves, the deterrent was the prospect of being caught up in something and losing your job. We did not have WhatsApp and other social media no, these communication methods are obviously being abused, take them away its quite simple really. Nicknames were plentiful of course but anyone earning the nickname “The bastard” would have been looked upon very seriously and the reasons behind that name would have been fully known and just not tolerated. A copper's sense of humour is unique, dry and often dark, in many ways it had to be to enable young adults (for that is what we were) to deal with the flotsam and jetsam of life and the very real horrors one would encounter on a daily basis. There was a line though beyond which we did not cross. Often the line moved a bit of course and boundaries were pushed, but sharing photographs of murder victims for instance would have been met with a very strong reaction and those officers would have been gone. Misogyny and sexual references were part and parcel of a working day, make of that as you will, in a very male dominated workplace those two elements were always going to be present, stamping them out completely is in my opinion impossible. The modern day police force is very different to the one I was proud to serve. It seems to this old timer that the erosion of discipline within the ranks, the desperation to climb to the top and the obvious political interference have led to a woke institution which I doubt will ever recover its trust from the public which they are actually paid to protect and serve. Stephen Place is Law and Order spokesman for the centrist Alliance for Democracy and Freedom.