Over 50 years ago, Miss Tennessee model Linda Thompson moved into Graceland with Elvis Presley following his separation and eventual divorce from Priscilla. After four and a half years, Linda had had enough of the celebrity lifestyle and the couple broke up around Christmas 1976, less than a year before the singer died of a heart attack on the toilet at just 42. In the decades since, Linda went on to become a successful lyricist, sometimes channelling her lingering romantic emotions for Elvis into her songs. One of these, a Whitney Houston classic, she co-wrote with ex-husband David Foster. Penned for 1992’s The Bodyguard, the Oscar-nominated I Have Nothing included lines about Linda’s love for Elvis like “I never knew love like I’ve known it with you” and “don’t walk away from me, I have nothing, nothing, nothing if I don’t have you.” Linda’s love of The King and heartbreaking split is also clearly displayed in the lyrics of a song she co-wrote with Clint Eastwood and Carole Bayer Sager for Diana Krall, back in 1999. Linda recently shared the audio for Why Should I Care on her Instagram stories, pointing out that she wrote the track with Eastwood and Carole. The post included six couple photos of herself with Elvis, heavily implying the song was about her relationship with the star. The song speaks of longing for the life she’d thought she’d share with Elvis as “the one” and wondering if another woman would “get more of you” amid “holding my broken heart”. Here are the lyrics for fans to judge for themselves: READ MORE: Elvis ex Linda ‘erased from biopic’ pays tribute to Lisa Marie Was there something more I could have done?Or was I not meant to be the one?Where’s the life I thought we would share?And should I care?And will someone else get more of you?Will she go to sleep more sure of you?Will she wake up knowing you’re still there?And why should I care?There’s always one to turn and walk awayAnd one who just wants to stayBut who said that love is always fair?And why should I care?Should I leave you alone here in the dark?Holding my broken heartWhile a promise still hangs in the airWhy should I care?