Fruit flies can carry bacteria including salmonella, E. coli, and listeria which can cause food poisoning. While fruit flies might not pose the same health risks as house flies, and are smaller, they can be just as irritating. The pests can often be seen buzzing around fruit bowls, bins, plants and even your meals if you don’t get rid of them. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for getting rid of fruit flies. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Stephanie Bayley asked: “How do I get rid of fruit flies?” The post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans with one user claiming there seems to be an “epidemic” of fruit flies. Jean Lee posted: “There seems to be an epidemic of them, I thought it was just me struggling to get rid of them.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stains’ from hobs using £2 cleaning item - 'works so well' However, Mrs Hinch users quickly shared a simple solution for ousting the little critters. They suggested using vinegar - either apple cider vinegar, white vinegar or red wine vinegar - and washing up liquid to banish the bugs. Emily Goldsmith said: “I made a solution with vinegar and washing up liquid in a small tub.” Jo Discord commented: “I second that, warm it up a bit in a microwave to intensify the smell of vinegar. I used apple cider vinegar as it smells more like fermented fruit.” Annabel May replied: “And apple cider vinegar in a small glass covered with clingfilm with little holes in.” Bernice Ni Cionaoith agreed and wrote: “This always works. Put white vinegar in a container and cover it with clingfilm tightly. “Then, pierce holes in the clingfilm with a fork. Watch the result. Depending on how many are there, it may take a few days. So change the vinegar every day.” DON'T MISSPatio expert shares best method to clean paving slabs [INSIGHT]Houseplants that 'purify the air in your home' and help you sleep [UPDATE]Methods to stay warm in winter with strategic furniture placement [ANALYSIS] Janet Harris commented: “Apple cider vinegar in a tub, cover with clingfilm then make little holes in the clingfilm.” Julia Dukes said: “Vinegar mixed with a dash of washing up liquid in a little pot/ramekin. Put it near where the flies are. They will be attracted to it and drown. Renew it every couple of days.” Kathleen Corson suggested: “Cider vinegar in a bowl covered with clingfilm. Put small holes in clingfilm. Works well.” Lisa O Meara said: “I put red wine vinegar in a glass and put cling over, poked holes in and the amount that was in it the next day was crazy. “I had no fruit/food or anything lying around that would attract them so I was puzzled as to why I had so many. Noticed a lot around my sink so I put salt, red wine vinegar and bleach down the drain and left it for a while then poured hot boiling water down. Repeated that a few times and now are completely gone.” READ MORE: Kettle expert's ‘most effective’ method to remove limescale Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Heather Reason agreed and commented: “I put out a small cup of vinegar… they like it and drown while swimming.” Vinegar can be found in most households but for those who don’t have it, it can be bought online or from your local supermarket. Wilko Original White Vinegar costs £1.50 for one litre. Sainsbury's Distilled Vinegar costs 40p.   Other suggestions for banishing fruit flies included washing the fruit, using insect killer, a hoover, mint extract and removing damp cloths and sponges from the area. Janet Griffiths said: “I just sprayed rapid insect killer, opened the windows for ventilation and it worked great. I haven't got pets. Mine was also in the summer time so we sat outside for a couple of hours.” Annabel May replied: ‘Wash the fruit first, it honestly works!” Norma Moore commented: “I washed each piece of fruit. Soap and water, and make an apple cider vinegar and soap spray. I sprayed anywhere I saw them.” Maiu Avaste wrote: “Suck them up with a hoover. Always works for me. Takes a couple of days and multiple times a day though.” Marsha Pluger suggested: “Take mint extract and water, fill up the spray bottle with water and then add a few drops of the extract spray on the flies. “The oil from the extract coats their wings and they cannot fly, should take care of them.” Ana Maria Alman said: “I had the same problem but I got rid of them as soon as I removed any damp sponges and cloths. They seem to multiply because of this, it worked and I have not had any since even with fruit out in my bowl.”