Devastated family and friends of Elle Edwards will gather in Merseyside today for the late beautician's funeral. Ms Edwards, 26, was killed during a Christmas Eve shooting outside the Lighthouse pub in Wallasey Village last year. She will be laid to rest at Wallasey's St Nicholas Church from 12.30pm today, a month after the shooting rocked residents. A private ceremony will follow the funeral at Landican Cemetery and Crematorium. Ms Edwards, of New Brighton, was one of six victims, with five men also injured at the pub last December. But she was the only one to die from her injuries and left behind a devastated family. Loved ones have kept her memory alive in the month leading to her funeral with heartfelt tributes.  Among those delivering early morning messages to her family is the Lighthouse Pub. The pub closed for 12 days following the shooting to pay respect to the Edwards family and has shut its doors while the funeral takes place. In a Facebook post, staff said the location would close "as a mark of respect". The post read: "Hello everyone, We just wanted to let you know that we’ve decided not to open The Lighthouse on Wednesday 25th January as a mark of respect to Elle Edwards and her family on the day of her funeral." "Elle and her family have remained very much in our thoughts over these past few weeks and even more so right now. May she rest in peace." While yet to speak today, Ms Edwards's family has spoken out in anticipation of today's funeral. Her father, Tim Edwards, told Sky News last week that the ceremony wouldn't be "nice". But he said it would become a necessary point for people to move on, as he vowed to set up a foundation in her name. He told the broadcaster on January 20: "It's going to be terrible isn't it? It's not going to be nice." Mr Edwards said the ceremony would become "part of the process" and "something that has to be done". Ultimately, the family would have to "move on to the next thing and keep going" he said. He added: "She will always be here. She'll never leave me. She'll live on forever." Mr Edwards told Sky that he plans to start a foundation to tackle gun violence as he condemned people who use the weapons. Picking up a gun ensures "your future is over and everybody else's future around you is over", he said. He said he wants to see a "positive" come out of his daughter's death and pledged to use Elle's name "for good in the future". Ms Edward's family issued the first statement after her death on December 30. The family described her as a "beautiful and bright star" with whom people "instantly" fell in love. Her grandmother, Marlene, also delivered a touching message for her late granddaughter via Elle's sister Lucy. She said she would "love and miss" her for "the rest of my time" and loved her "more than anything in this world" while vowing her memory would live on. Merseyside Police charged Connor Chapman, 22, with Ms Edward's murder on January 13. He appeared at Wirral Magistrates Court on the day, charged with two counts of attempted murder and three counts of unlawful and malicious wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Mr Chapman was also charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, possession of ammunition with intent to endanger life and handling stolen goods, namely a Mercedes A-Class. Officials expect the trial will last between three to four weeks.