Wout Weghorst has admitted he wants a permanent move to Manchester United. But, while that may still happen, the Red Devils plan on landing an upgrade at the end of the season regardless. The only question right now is who, with several names in the frame… Eyebrows were raised when United decided to sign Weghorst on loan until the end of the season, with the striker arriving from Burnley. Sure, he’d done well at Besiktas during his brief spell there. However, having failed to shine during his first stint in the Premier League, it represented a gamble. Weghorst has started well at United, however. Despite the question marks over the 30-year-old, he’s now up and running. Wednesday night was the striker’s best performance for the Red Devils yet, with the hitman opening his account against Nottingham Forest. And he’s admitted he’d love to stay at United permanently, saying: "Of course I want to stay longer. "I've seen the first week and how big the club is, in everything, the facilities, the club, even the quality in the team and the way we're playing. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big "There's a lot of quality in everything and that's something you look to work in, to be in a winning atmosphere. "I think the first week went well and it's up to me to deliver and contribute and help the team as much as I can. I'm quite confident I can play a role in it. "This is the situation now. It was for a loan, but this is a massive club, so I will try to do everything as good as I can and if it will work out it will be a good option.” But regardless of what Weghorst wants, United plan on signing an upgrade. The feeling at Old Trafford right now is that they need a proven goal-getter, one of the highest order, to continue their improvement under Erik ten Hag. Of course, Weghorst could still stay permanently regardless. Burnley are likely to want rid of the Netherlands international once his loan stint is done. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But there are three strikers United all currently have under consideration as they plan for a brighter future. Victor Osimhen, of Napoli, is one of them. The Nigeria international could have actually ended up at United earlier in his career, only for his respect for Odion Ighalo to scupper a move. Osimhen’s reputation has soared in the time since, however. With 13 Serie A goals to his name, from 15 appearances, he’s in the form of his life. Napoli will likely demand a fee in the region of £100million to let Osimhen go, given his importance to the side. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But United are interested and there’s a sense he’d fit their style of play given his ability to run in behind and press from the front. Then, there’s Harry Kane. Kane has been on United’s radar for years, ever since Louis van Gaal ruled the roost at Old Trafford. Though he’s reportedly open to signing a new contract at Tottenham, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see him push for a departure given Spurs’ failure to win silverware. Dealing with Tottenham won’t be straightforward, however, with Daniel Levy previously preventing the likes of Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Eric Dier and Toby Alderweireld from crossing the divide. The third target United reportedly have interest in is Benjamin Sesko. A deal for the youngster to join RB Leipzig has already been agreed, with the German giants using their good relationship with their Austrian counterparts to steal a march on their competitors. But Sesko, according to reports, could be available if United decide to buy him out of his Leipzig contract. Regardless of what happens, it’s incredibly likely one of the three will arrive at the end of the campaign. A Weghorst upgrade could be the ticket United need as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford.