The past few months have been incredibly tough for Emmerdale's Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) since his son Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) shot Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). The 10-year-old recently admitted he was responsible for Al's death and he has been released on bail ahead of his court hearing. Cain has been lashing out at his relatives in recent days, causing Kyle's mother Amy Wyatt (Natalie Jamieson) to fight for sole custody of the youngster, and viewers are concerned Cain might "kill" her.  Cain was desperate to see Kyle on Friday's instalment of Emmerdale but Amy was not allowing it as a judge had ordered him to keep away from the boy. The village hard man grabbed Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) around the neck the previous evening when he lost his temper about Kyle, but he apologised in front of Amy the following day. Kyle was desperate to see his dad, who had been in prison for months as he was willing to take the fall for the son's crime, but Cain was obeying the judge's orders. Amy later had a change of heart and allowed Cain to speak with Kyle for 30 minutes while he was working near her house at the garage. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan Kyle and Cain had a heart-to-heart, with the pair apologising to one another for their actions. "You were the only one out of all of us who was brave enough to tell the truth," Cain told Kyle who felt like he was a "monster". Later on, Cain's half-brother Caleb Milligan (Will Ash) goaded the mechanic about Kyle's murder charge and accused him of ruining their mother Faith Dingle's (Sally Dexter) life. When Caleb said he was "doing better with Kyle" than Cain ever could, the latter threatened the Emmerdale newcomer with a spanner in his hand.  Amy caught the end of the row, telling Cain: "You're a violent thug, that's all you are." "A man's dead, your son's life is ruined and you still don't learn," Amy fumed. "You listen, you go nowhere Kyle ever again, you keep a million miles away from him." She later told Matty she wanted full custody of Kyle as she "wanted to take him away from Cain forever". DON'T MISS...Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'expose' Gabby's 'long lost brother' [LATEST]Emmerdale couple torn apart as Chloe Harris goes into labour [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cain exposes Amy's killer secret for revenge [THEORY] Viewers took to Twitter following the dramatic ending to the episode, with some fearing Cain could commit a double homicide. Alan Nelson shared: "Cain is about to go back to jail for killing Amy and Caleb. #Emmerdale." Chris noted: "#Emmerdale that was a glimpse of the deviousness of Caleb because he knows he was winding Cain up." Shaky said: "Amy wants to get sole custody of Kyle! Cain's not going to be pleased! #Emmerdale."  @Soap_Law said: "Add assault to Cain’s growing list of crimes since release #Emmerdale (towards Caleb)." @SupremeD14 added: "Why is Amy now just realising Cain is violent? Also she never saw Caleb goading him! She would really do that to Kyle #emmerdale." (sic) Jamal commented: "Cain, Cain, Cain, you can see what Caleb is doing, play the flaming game. #emmerdale." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 