Fears are mounting Prince Harry could have shot himself in the foot and heightened security risks for himself and the wider UK by releasing details of how many Taliban fighters he killed during his tours of Afghanistan. Taliban leaders have angrily lashed out at Harry's assertions in his new bombshell book Spare that he killed more than two dozen Taliban fighters who he regarded as "chess pieces" to be taken off the board. One leader branded the Duke of Sussex a "loser", while another accused the 38-year-old of "war crimes". Anas Haqqani took to Twitter today in the wake of the explosive claims made in the Prince's memoir where he has, unusually for a former soldier, chosen to reveal a body count stacked up during his second tour of Afghanistan as a gunner in Apache attack helicopters. Mr Haqqani, a leading figure in the influential Haqqani Network, part of the Taliban in Afghanistan, expressed his outrage at the Duke of Sussexes comments. He wrote on Twitter: "The ones you killed were not chess pieces, they were humans; they had families who were waiting for their return. Among the killers of Afghans, not many have your decency to reveal their conscience and confess to their war crimes." Read More: Harry and Meghan getting 'confused’ with timings around royal exit The comments from the fundamentalist regime in Afghanistan will add to fears that Harry's admission could heighten secruity risks for the royal. Writing for Express.co.uk former British Army Commander Colonel Richard Kemp said letting it be known how many fighters he killed: "will re-kindle jihadist animosity against him and incite some who want to take revenge." He said: "His accusation that the British Army trains its soldiers to see their enemies as “chess pieces” to be swept off the board, in other words dehumanising them, will also feed into jihadist propaganda, potentially encouraging wider attacks within the UK. "It will also be seized on by lawyers who want to prosecute British soldiers on allegations of unlawful killing and ill-treatment of enemy prisoners because it paints a picture of a military that indoctrinates its troops to act against the Geneva conventions that require enemy dead, wounded or captured to be treated with respect." In a statement to Express.co.uk Abdul Qahar Balkhi, spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, used the Prince's comments to pass judgement on the whole Western campaign in Afghanistan. He said: "The Western occupation of Afghanistan is truly an odious moment in human history and comments by Prince Harry is a microcosm of the trauma experienced by Afghans at the hands of occupation forces whom murdered innocents without any accountability. "Some of the recent reports highlighting the scale of murder by foreign airpower and raids including by UK forces is what Prince Harry also participated in." A furious reaction came Taliban commander Molavi Gol, who told the Daily Mail he thought Harry was a "loser". The paper reported he said: "We are still here ruling but he has fled to his grandmother's palace. He's a big mouth loser who has been trying to get attention "Even if he believes [that he killed 25 Taliban], our martyred Mujaheddin are in heaven, but his invading friends are burning in hell and I really hope I was in Helmand when he was there, to make him understand what real chess pieces are. If he's a real man and not a f***ing loser, come to Afghanistan again." A Ministry of Defence spokesperson said they do not comment on operational details for "security reasons". Taliban leader Anas Haqqani added further to his response to Harry's revelations accusing the Prince of "war crimes". He said that not many who killed Afghans "have your decency to reveal their conscience and confess to their war crimes".  "I don't expect that the (International Criminal Court) will summon you or the human rights activists will condemn you, because they are deaf and blind for you. But hopefully these atrocities will be remembered in the history of humanity." READ MORE: Chelsea legend Gianluca Vialli dies aged 58 after brave battle with cancer  In the wake of the angry reaction to Prince Harry's words in his memoir Colonel Richard Kemp added: "Harry’s description of how British soldiers are conditioned for combat is the opposite of the truth. "They are trained to give enemy dead a decent burial, to handle prisoners humanely and to treat the wounded as they would treat their own. There are plenty of examples of British wounded finding themselves in the same field hospital ward as injured Afghan captives." The Duke's new ghost-written autobiograpy Spare makes the claim he killed 25 Taliban during his second tour of Afghanistan in 2012-13. The then 28-year-old - who was known as "Captain Wales" in the military wrote that he did not think of those that died as "people". He writes "You can't kill people if you see them as people" and added that they were 'chess pieces removed from the board'... as 'bad guys eliminated'. Harry was previously criticised in early 2013 when he revealed to the media that he had killed during his tour. He told the media that he took the enemy "out of the game", and soldiers "take a life to save a life". "Take a life to save a life," he shrugged and said during an interview in 2013. "That's what we revolve around, I suppose." Once he had learned to pilot Apache helicopters, Harry was stationed with 662 Squadron Army Air Corps for 20 weeks in at Camp Bastion, northwest of the city of Lashkargah in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, in 2012. The Duke operated in support of the International Security Assitance Force and Afghan troops all across Helmand. It's reported he flew more than 100 missions over 2,500 flying hours. DON'T MISS: Met Office issues weather warning for heavy rain and flooding for west of UK Lord Kim Darroch, former National Security Adviser, also told Sky News on Friday that "he would have advised against" Harry offering such details about his service in Afghanistan. Lord Darroch said he "slightly" shared the security concerns military experts have raised after Harry's comments. "You have to respect all of those who fought in Afghanistan," he said. "I went there a number of times when I was National Security Adviser. It's a really tough environment, it was a really dangerous war, we lost more than 500 British servicemen. "I respect and appreciate all those who fought there. "Personally if I'd been advising the prince, I would have advised against the kind of detail that he goes into there. "But it's out there now and I believe it was a just war and therefore what he has written about how he justified to himself what he was doing, I can understand and appreciate that. "In terms of the detail, I personally wouldn't have gone there, but it's done now."  Speaking on Harry's comments in the book former Defence Secretary Lord Hutton told LBC: "It's absolutely not the right thing for anyone to be saying, and I'm sure he now bitterly regrets saying that. "I think it diminishes him, and I think it's not what we expect from someone who has held the positions of authority and responsibility that he has previously occupied. I think it's a very serious mistake on his part." He added: "It just grates horribly - I think it's just inappropriate and wrong, and there's a sense of bravado about it, which I think most people who have served in the armed forces will recoil from. It's just not what should be said, it's just wrong, on every level." General Sir Richard Barrons, the former Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff, added: "This is clearly a very toxic matter for the Royal Family, my view is that you don't talk about these things, these are things that happen on the battlefield - and there's no great advantage in saying anything public" Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.