Arsenal defender Gabriel has taken to social media to raise his frustrations at an overlooked penalty claim in his side's 0-0 draw with Newcastle. The Gunners squandered the chance to go 10 points clear at the top of the table when they were held by the Magpies in a frustrating stalemate at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal felt they should have had more than one penalty after Dan Burn jostled Gabriel in the box. The hosts also had a late handball shout waved away by the officials after the ball seemed to strike Jacob Murphy's arm. Now Gabriel has posted a clip on Twitter of his battle with Burn and he feels Arsenal should have been given a penalty, adding a facepalm emoji to accompany the clip. Mikel Arteta cut a furious figure on the touchline as he continued to shout and battle for every ball from his technical area. READ MORE: West Ham captain Declan Rice hits back over 'given up' claims after transfer confession The Spaniard exploded in the final stages of the match after the late handball appeal was dismissed by both referee Andy Madley and VAR. Eddie Howe even confronted Arteta over his antics as the Arsenal head coach harassed the fourth official. Arteta says he felt his side should have had two penalties - not just one... He told Sky Sports: “[I am] Extremely proud of my players. The way we played the game, the way we controlled the game and we missed in the final third. READ MOREArsenal 'intensify interest in Ligue 1 phenomenon' and have clear view on January transferBarcelona boss Xavi intervenes on Memphis Depay transfer as Man Utd target reunionChelsea target Enzo Fernandez returns for showdown Benfica talks after New Year's Eve trip "We had so many situations to finish them better and then we had two scandalous penalties.” When pressed on what penalty shout aggravated him most, Arteta added: “It is not about which one was stronger, we had two penalties. "I am not talking about the referee, I am talking about what I saw and that was two scandalous penalties." Arsenal are now eight points clear at the top of the Premier League as they begin preparations for the trip to Oxford United in the FA Cup third round. Manchester City can cut the gap to five points though, if they are able to win at Chelsea in the Premier League. Pep Guardiola's side endured a frustrating result at the weekend as they were held to a 1-1 draw with Everton on home soil. Meanwhile, Arsenal are continuing to work on a transfer deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk as talks continue with Shakhtar Donetsk. Chelsea are now probing for the 21-year-old winger, who wants to join Arsenal but the Gunners are still yet to agree a fee with Shakhtar despite submitting two bids.