Jennie Bond, a former BBC royal correspondent, was quick to shut down the Duke of Sussex's claims about Queen Consort Camilla on Lorraine. Prince Harry accused his stepmother of using the British press to "rehabilitate" her image during his ITV interview with Tom Bradby. Reacting to the Prince's interview, Jennie insisted Camilla once told her she had "no interest in developing a special relationship with any member of the press", shutting down Harry's comments. Harry opened up to Tom in a 90-minute sit-down interview which aired on Sunday night on ITV ahead of the release of his memoir Spare. Speaking about Camilla ahead of her marriage to his father King Charles III, Harry claimed: "Shortly after our private summits with her, she began to play the long game. "A campaign aimed at marriage and eventually the crown, with Pa's blessing, we presumed. "Stories began to appear everywhere in all the papers about her private conversation with Willie [Prince William]. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' "Stories that contained pinpoint accurate details, none of which had come from Willie, of course. "They could only have been leaked by the one other person present." Camilla's office said her private secretary was responsible at the time of the leak and Buckingham Palace has not responded to any of Harry's allegations. Reflecting on the interview, Lorraine Kelly said on Monday's instalment of her ITV talk show: "He says that was not bad-mouthing Camilla, but he has."  Jennie replied: "Yes, calling her the villain, I think he was saying she was regarded as the villain, not that he saw her as the villain. "And she was seen as the villain, she was the third person in the marriage. "But yes, he has really gone for her and he has accused her of leaking stories and planting stories with the press. "I have to say from my own experience, and this was very much the time I was working with the BBC reporting on [the Royal Family], I tried to cultivate a relationship with Camilla." DON'T MISS...Kate's furious text to Meghan after Charlotte 'left in tears' [ROYALS]Prince Harry's memoir Spare creates fan frenzy at midnight [UPDATE]Sign by vegan promoters urges Harry to ‘drop beef’ with William  [MUST SEE] Jennie claimed she had done so with the late Princess Diana after writing to her and asking to "get to know each other as two women". She claimed: "We did and she agreed and we had long conversations together. "Diana cultivated relationships with a few other journalists," the former BBC correspondent added. Jennie continued: "So I wrote to Camilla and said, 'Can you do the same?'  "She wrote me a lovely letter and I think she said, 'I am sorry, I am so sorry but I have no interest in developing a special relationship with any member of the press.'" Harry insisted "no part of any of the things that I've said are scathing towards any member of my family, especially not my stepmother" within his memoir. He also shared how he loved his family at another point in the ITV interview and had hopes of reconciliation. Lorraine airs on weekdays from 9am on ITV. 