In the latest instalment of Coronation Street, Damon (played by Ciarán Griffiths) pressured Jacob Hay over the missing drugs. After admitting he was in a bad place, he confessed everything to Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) and promised to leave for good. Star Jack James Ryan spoke out on Twitter after his exit. After breaking Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) heart, Jacob departed in a taxi. The actor said in a statement on Twitter: "That's all folks! Jacob Hay over and out. "I can't believe a two-month job on the cobbles turned into a two-year Weatherfield residency. "Getting to work on a show I was brought up on and to follow in the footsteps of true legends has been an absolute privilege. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling "I can't thank the fans of the show enough for getting behind me, the love and support has been truly overwhelming. "Jacob has been an absolute treat of a character to play and that's all been down to how well the writers have wrote for him. "I'd like to thank Gennie and the casting team for taking a chance on me, the multitude of talented directors I've had the pleasure of working with and the whole production team who work tirelessly to bring this show to life." He took a moment to pay a special tribute to his co-star Elle Mulvaney. He said: "A special thank you though has to go to the work wife, Elle Mulvaney who has made this experience unforgettable. "Thank you for your openness, your kindness and for making me cry with laughter every day. "I now get to call Amy Barlow my best friend, how cool is that." The star teased he had some new projects in the pipeline and hoped to share details soon. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Carla Connor killed by StephenCoronation Street history to repeat itself as Summer Spellman dies Coronation Street's Daisy Midgeley in danger from stalker He explained: "Who knows what's next for Jacob, but I hope you continue to support me on my next steps away from the street. "I have some really exciting news to share when I'm able, but for now, I bid you farewell." Along with the lengthy statement the star said: "I really gave it my all. "I'm gonna miss you Jacob Hay boy. The love and support throughout my time on the show has been unmatched and I can't thank you all enough for that. Cya later Weatherfield!" Amy star Elle said she was "absolutely gutted" to hear her co-star would be leaving. She told Digital Spy: "I was tearing up reading the scripts because Jack is genuinely one of my best mates – I literally met up with him yesterday, I love him. "He's an absolutely brilliant actor and I think to get to work with your best friend all the time is just an absolute godsend. "He brought so much to the show, so I think he'll be really missed."  Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV