Rishi Sunak has pledged a "relentless" commitment to looking after the UK's "priorities", vowing to "stop the boats" and tackle the problem of illegal migration. He reiterated his Government's five priorities, promising they will deliver "peace of mind to people and immediate relief for families". Speaking from his grace and favour home in Chequers, Mr Sunak said: "Earlier this year I set out the Government's five priorities for this country - to halve inflation, grow the economy, reduce debt, cut waiting lists and stop the boats. "We are relentlessly focused on delivering those. Because if we do that, we can provide peace of mind to people and immediate relief for families. "But also the fact that they can look forward to a better future for their children and grandchildren. A future that's filled with hope, optimism and pride in our country." Mr Sunak spoke to reporters from Chequers, where he held a Cabinet "away day" as part of an attempt to rally his troops with a team-building day.   The Prime Minister said he is "entirely focused" on delivering the priorities, adding: "That is what my cabinet is united in delivering." He continued: "That's what we're here discussing today. Because we want to provide relief for families up and down the country. " Mr Sunak also spoke about embattled Tory Party chairman Nadhim Zahawi, telling reporters he does not plan to "prejudge the outcome" of the investigation which has been launched into the former Chancellor's tax affairs. When asked whether or not he has confidence in Mr Zahawi, Mr Sunak said: "What I believe in is due process, and that's why I appointed an independent advisor to look into the questions that have been raised, investigate the situation fully, establish the facts and provide advice to me on Nadhim Zahawi's compliance with the ministerial code. "I think that's the right thing to do to ensure we have integrity in politics". The PM ordered his independent ethics adviser to launch a probe into Mr Zahawi's tax affairs earlier this week after it emerged he paid a penalty to HMRC over unpaid tax while he was Chancellor.  Mr Sunak suggested to MPs that he would not sack Mr Zahawi before the independent adviser comes back with his findings, saying it is a "fair and due process". Sources told ITV that Mr Sunak is likely to receive the report at the end of next week.  According to the Guardian, the former Chancellor paid back tax he had owed as well as a 30 percent penalty, with a total settlement amounting to £4.8m. The tax was related to a shareholding in YouGov, the polling company he co-founded in 2000 before he became an MP. Mr Zahawi has described the tax error as "careless and not deliberate".  