Britain’s goal of sealing a trade deal with the US is a long way off - but this may be a blessing in disguise, according to a political analyst. Post-Brexit hopes of a wide-ranging trade agreement across the Atlantic have been pushed aside during the tenure of President Joe Biden, who has prioritised issues at home.  This followed a cooling of interest on the matter with his predecessor, Donald Trump, who said the Brexit deal made the prospect impossible. But Professor Daniel Drache, a political analyst, believes no deal is a good thing as it stops the behemoth of US industry stifling British produce. He also believes an agreement is even further away now than four years ago because both major political parties in the US are more focused on domestic issues. "Both the Democrats and the Republicans are in a very protectionist frame and they're highly nationalistic,” Prof Drache told Express.co.uk. "Britain's at the bottom of the queue." He also cautioned: “For the British, it's quite risky. In terms of thinking about free trade, proponents like to say 'well, we'll get access or privilege of some kind'. “But these are very difficult benefits to pin down because the Americans also demand certain things if you negotiate a free trade, which would be access to Britain's agricultural sector."  He added that the US would likely also demand access to the UK pharmaceutical sector and other "protected" parts of the British market. In addition, UK producers could see increased competition from American "industries of scale", Prof Drache, who specialises in international politics at York University in Toronto, Canada. He pointed to Canadian farmers out-competed by Wisconsin's dairy industry just over the border. The only way to protect "the livelihoods of tens of thousands of families" was to have new regulations keep prices stable, he said. Otherwise American goods (or goods built in other countries and imported by American companies) would likely undercut those made domestically. "Some industries gain access, other industries face increased import competition, there is an asymmetry between these two processes. For instance, agriculture, and other industries, which now have a degree of protection - what's going to happen to them if they face the onslaught of American economies of scale?" Prof Drache said. READ MORE: Harry facing 'constant ridicule' in the US following Colbert interview The UK and the US were in talks over a trade deal while Trump was President, however sticking points emerged between the two countries. In particular, the former US President said that because of the withdrawal agreement negotiated with the EU a deal with the US would be impossible. The US is already Britain's largest single trading partner - but the EU outranks it when you combine all of the countries in the bloc. Prospects were pushed back further when President Biden took office. Biden is proud of his Irish heritage. He and other Democrats have derided the Government's plans to torpedo part or all of the Northern Ireland Protocol, fearing such a move could threaten the Good Friday Agreement. DON'T MISS:Second bundle of classified documents found at Biden home [REPORT]Passengers stuck on train for 20 hours phoned police over fears t... [ANALYSIS]Two adults and boy, 4, rescued after Tesla crashes through wall and... [INSIGHT] For the foreseeable future, it seems a deal with the US isn't likely. Former Prime Minister Liz Truss admitted during her 48-day stint in office that it could take years to materialise. John Bolton, Trump's former national security adviser, said Truss missed an huge opportunity when she was Secretary of State for Trade. He told Express.co.uk in November: "I met her for the first time after Boris came in. "The advice I gave to her then was don’t waste any time and get a quick bilateral deal with Trump right now." The UK has gone as far as signing mini trade agreements with individual states, dubbed "Memorandums of Understanding". These mini deals have helped to cut red tape and reduce trade barriers, according to the Government. Three have been signed: with Indiana, North Carolina and South Carolina. But Labour and Lib Dem politicians have criticised this approach, accusing the Government of failing with their promise to strike a US deal, instead hoping to make agreements on a state-by-state basis. 