Manchester United fans were mixed in their response to Erik ten Hag's team selection for their Carabao Cup quarter-final against Charlton, with many believing Facundo Pellistri will look to leave this month after being left out of the starting line-up. United are strong favourites to advance to the Carabao Cup semi-finals as they take on League One side Charlton.  The game is seen as an opportunity for Ten Hag to take a closer look at his youth players with the Manchester derby coming up this weekend. And the United boss has made eight changes from the team that beat Everton in the FA Cup third round last Friday. Tyrell Malacia, Antony and Diogo Dalot are the only survivors from the starting line-up who faced Everton. Exciting prospect Kobbie Mainoo was the standout name on the teamsheet as he's been handed his senior debut in a midfield three alongside Fred and Scott McTominay. Tom Heaton also makes his first appearance for United in goal while Lisandro Martinez returns to the starting line-up alongside Harry Maguire at the heart of defence. In attack, Ten Hag has gone with Anthony Elanga and Alejandro Garnacho to partner Antony. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Most of United's bench is comprised of regular first team stars such as Casemiro and Marcus Rashford. But both Pellistri and Zidane Iqbal were also named on the bench with many left disappointed that neither were given a start. Pellistri is yet to make an appearance under Ten Hag this season having been an unusued substitute on 13 separate occasions. That's despite the 21-year-old playing every match for Uruguay at the 2022 World Cup, starting games against both South Korea and Ghana. Many United fans now feel Pellistri could look to leave this month if he's not able to get minutes against Charlton in the Carabao Cup. @MichLkings wrote: "I'm happy for Mainoo for obvious reasons, but I can't help but imagine what will be running through the minds of Pellistri and Iqbal."  @Kristian10l posted: "Let Iqbal and Pellistri leave on loan." @Mvgoh said: "Pellistri can't even start today??? Just let him leave." @Mo_Nkomose pleaded: "Pellistri should leave this window tbh. How is he still not making the team."