Rishi Sunak and Met Police chief Sir Mark Rowley have promised action to prevent another case like the "absolutely despicable" David Carrick following a meeting together. Sunak said rogue police officers will have "no place to hide" because of proposed reforms after the abuse of serial rapist Carrick. The PM said all police forces have been told to "check" all serving officers against national police databases to "root out anybody who shouldn’t be serving".  He told MPs during Prime Minister's Questions the British police “must address the failings in this case, restore public confidence and ensure the safety of women and girls”. David Carrick, who was sacked from the Metropolitan Police on Tuesday, has been unmasked as one of the UKs most prolific sex offenders. The monster, 48, committed dozens of sexual offences on 12 women over two decades. He worked for the same unit – the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command – that Sarah Everard’s killer Wayne Couzens worked at. Sir Mark Rowley and Mr Sunak visited a London police station where they are said to have had “constructive talks”. Sunak said he "made clear to him – and he agrees – that the abuse of power that we have seen this week is absolutely despicable and it needs to be addressed immediately". He said: "All police forces across the country have been told to check all of their serving officers and staff against national police databases to identify and root out anybody who shouldn’t be serving. "The Government has done a huge amount already to protect the safety of women and girls, but we will keep going and doing whatever it takes to ensure that women and girls feel safe and can go about their lives, freely and without fear. "The national police database contains a variety of information about people against which those individuals can be re-checked.   "It's important that we do that immediately and police forces carry that out to identify and root out anyone who's not fit to serve." The Metropolitan police had several opportunities to kick out Carrick from the force. Over 18 years, nine allegations against Carrick, from Stevenage in Hertfordshire, were flagged to Scotland Yard about his behaviour. Despite this, there were no findings of misconduct at the time and he faced no criminal punishment. The allegations included rape, domestic violence and harassment. Some incidents which he eventually pleaded guilty to include multiple incidents -- meaning there were more than 80 sexual offences to his name. The man also boasted about being nicknamed "Bastard Dave" and meeting famous figures such as Boris Johnson while at work. According to Sir Mark Rowley, officers were vetted and procedures had been tightened in the past but admitted "we haven't always done it well enough". He said: "So we're double checking by running existing people against the big databases, we're going back and checking some closed cases to make sure we got decisions right, so we're doing lots of belts and braces to look for any of the problems in the organisation." Carrick joined the Met police in 2001, a year after an ex-partner of his made allegations of malicious communications and burglary.  He was also accused of harassment and assault against an ex-partner in 2002. The matter was not referred to the Directorate of Professional Standards. He received another five complaints from the public between 2002 and 2008 including two incidents of incivility and the use of force, rudeness. Only two of the incidents received management action.  More recently, in July 2021 he had his duties restricted after being arrested on suspicion of rape. But the restrictions were lifted as the criminal probe was dropped in September. He was arrested for another rape allegation in October 2021. More than 1,000 Metropolitan Police officers and staff who have previously been accused of domestic abuse or sexual offences are having their cases reviewed. Ministers have backed efforts to strip Carrick of his police pension after his offending was described as one of the worst cases involving a serving police officer that the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dealt with.