Nina Takesh is an interior designer and architecture CEO based in California who shares insights into the world of home decor on her TikTok page. She revealed some key trends that she claims will be at the "cutting edge" this year, including one colour set to take over almost every part of the room. According to Nina, shades of "chocolate" brown are going to be a big hit, from paint to furniture. She explained: "Just yesterday an article was released about the six living room trends taking over in 2023. "Living rooms, bedrooms, one of the trends right now that I am loving that I incorporated in a beautiful project in Beverley hills that I just completed for a client is chocolate. Chocolate everything. Chocolate walls, chocolate bed." Earthy shades are set to be popular in the coming year, with paint company Lick's director of interior design, Tash Bradley, describing the "feeling" of the 2023 colour palette as one which is "connecting you to nature and being very grounded. This sustainable slow living that people are moving towards." As a result, Nina Takesh believes deep, rich browns will help connect us with nature. She added: "The use of these earthy colours is definitely something that is tranquil, peaceful and brings you back to Mother Nature." READ MORE: ‘Common’ radiator problems that cause ’serious damage’ - how to fix However, not everyone is happy about it. Nina's prediction video has amassed over 100 comments, with some people disheartened by the colour trend. "Hard pass on the chocolate everywhere," wrote a user posting under the moniker MMK. Another user named DLadzrie said: "Noooo I'm sick of brown, chocolate [and] being." One anonymous user wrote: "I am in denial. I hate brown." Another named Jo added: "I had this colour years ago. Not sure I'm ready for it again." However, the dark colour palette isn't the only trend prediction which has ruffled a few feathers. Nina also highlighted the popularity of marble in various rooms around the home. DON'T MISSFoolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’Get 'sparkling' oven racks without 'heavy scrubbing'Interior designer's £42 tip to make your kitchen 'feel brand new' "Statement stone is again another big feature of 2023," she said. This is actually carried over from 2022 and it's gorgeous." Statement stone includes marbles with dramatic or colourful veining or even natural stones which have been stained a bold or unusual colour. "Long gone are the days of just all white and I really love incorporating things that have got a lot of texture to them and a lot of visual interest," said Nina. "If you go with something as chic as this you will not be disappointed." A video viewer named Rena pointed out: "Stone pattern would grow old fast! Too expensive to make a trendy purchase!" Another anonymous commenter added: "I'm sorry but the texture in the marble makes me anxious and I do not like that." Despite this, however, Nina isn't the only interior design expert who has suggested eye-catching stone will continue to be a major trend in the coming year. Geri from Limerick-based Geri Designs says veined marble will be a hit from the kitchen to the bathroom. In a video posted to her TikTok page @geridesigns, she said: "Next up is heavy veined marble. Love it or hate it, I don’t see it going anywhere for the next while. "I have had marble on the island in my studio for the last four years and I still love it now. So, if you are into marble now is the time to introduce it."