January is a month of fresh starts, planning for the year ahead and fulfilling ambitions. It’s also the month where, after a month of festivities, parties and family gatherings, many people realise their homes are cramped, too small or missing an important element. Whether it’s an extra bedroom, a bigger garden, an extra reception room or simply more storage, now is the time to look for a new home. But before moving into a new property, many homeowners will first need to put their own home on the market and achieve the best price they can for it. With this in mind, Emma Deterding, founder and creative director at Kelling Designs and KD2 London has shared how sellers can add value to their homes and make them more saleable without breaking the bank. The exterior is the first aspect of a property a buyer will see so it’s important to ensure the outside of the property looks well-kept. Emma said: “Simple things like cleaning the windows, painting window frames and front door, and updating door furniture can make a huge difference. READ MORE: Kate decorates Adelaide Cottage with 'neutral colours' - 'luxurious' “If needed, then paint the exterior to give your property a fresh look.” Like kerb appeal, a well-maintained garden can make or break a property deal. A garden that looks like it needs lots of work, is hard to maintain or is full of junk will likely put off buyers. Homeowners simply need to re-turf and add some simple planting to give height and depth. If the garden is an entertaining haven, then make sure it's clean, and inviting and show it off at its best – it’s an extension of your home after all. DON'T MISSKills off mould' 'Fantastic solution' removes mould in 'an hour [INSIGHT]‘Worst’ paint colours to ‘avoid’ for small rooms - ‘boxy and bland’ [UPDATE]Estate agents’ ‘best’ paint colour to ‘quickly’ sell your house [ANALYSIS] Ensure fencing isn’t broken and there are no broken paving or patio slabs too. Emma said: “Always present your property furnished as it helps potential buyers to imagine how they would use the space. “If you're living in the property, then consider asking an expert to come in to make some presentation suggestions.” When viewing a property, no one likes to see masses of clothes hanging out of wardrobes, a mass of appliances on worktops and shelves bringing with ornaments. Ensuring shelves, floors and the tops of cupboards are clear will allow buyers to see the full space available. READ MORE: Two easy tips to put a stop condensation on your bedroom windows Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Think about your home’s demographic. Is your home aimed at a family? A couple? Or a single person? Once you’ve established this, present the home accordingly. Emma added: “Make sure each room has a purpose to show the full potential of every space and how to use them effectively.” A home aimed at families should ensure storage space is maximised and the garden looks easy to maintain, safe and enclosed. Accessories such as cushions, lamps, candles and toiletries put in each room will make all the difference as your home will feel homely. Don’t forget to fill vases with fresh flowers. Don’t be afraid to inject some colour into your home – be bold but make sure your rooms are well-lit. Tired-looking bathrooms and kitchens can be re-grouted, tiles can be replaced and walls can be repainted. If you have a larger budget, consider adding new floors, and replacing sinks and baths. This can easily be done with new handles on cabinets, adding new lighting and installing new worktops. Emma added: “Spending a little bit on smaller updates will be really transformative without installing a full new kitchen."