Susie Dent, 58, has made over 4,500 appearances on Countdown, after making her debut on the show in 1992. However, the brainy star has recently insisted that despite her lengthy tenure, she’ll “never get tired of the show”. The lexicographer fronts the hit Channel 4 programme alongside Rachel Riley, 37, and new host Colin Murray, 45. When quizzed on her experiences as part of the series earlier this month, Susie told Metro.co.uk: “Countdown really is like a huge family and many members of the production team and the crew have been there for years. “I’ll never get tired of the show. It really is the best gig in the world.” Rachel agreed in the trio’s group interview, while praising new presenter Colin as a “huge geek who lives to play Countdown”. READ MORE... Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender  Although Susie has thoroughly enjoyed her time as part of the Countdown family, she has also had her fair share of embarrassing moments on-air.    The star admitted she is often mocked by Rachel for accidentally airing cheeky innuendos.    She explained: “I’ve blundered into many a rude word without knowing its alternative meaning.    “Rachel always jokes that I know every word in the standard dictionary while she knows every one in the urban dictionary.  “I often only realise the innuendo I’ve accidentally aired about three hours after the event. “Most of them are too rude to mention,” she sheepishly added. Susie initially began working on Countdown with Carol Vorderman, 62, and the late Richard Whiteley. The TV personality was left devastated when Carol called her to inform her that Richard had died in 2005. DON'T MISS:Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ Alex Scott wows fans as she 're-introduces herself' in transformationDenise Welch hits back as viewer says 'enough is enough' The host was a long-time asthma sufferer and had developed complications from pneumonia.  Following Richard’s legendary stint as host, Countdown has featured six presenters.  Des Lynam, Des O'Connor, Jeff Stelling, and Nick Hewer all took over as host.  The latest host to take the reins prior to Colin was The Weakest Link presenter Anne Robinson. Although Susie’s co-stars have come and gone over the years, she describes them all as “Countdown family”.  The presenter previously told MailOnline that the crew are vital to the show’s success, saying: “The camera crew, production team, directors and researchers — it is they who have made the show the juggernaut it has become.  “Our series producer, Damian Eadie, is even a former contestant, first appearing in 1994.  “And he is with us still — the least likely Countdown leader you could ever imagine: a potty-mouthed lover of heavy metal with a brain that can produce an outrageous joke or an anagram at will.” 