Prince Harry has revealed that he and Meghan Markle announced the Duchesses' first pregnancy at at Princess Eugenie's wedding. In his new memoir Spare, the Duke of Sussex said that he and his wife told Prince William and Kate Middleton during a cocktail party following the reception in October 2018. Describing the Duchesses pregnancy with the couple's first child, Archie, now three, the Duke said that he wanted to tell his family in person before embarking on a tour of Australia in late 2018. The couple choose Princess Eugenie's wedding at Windsor to make the announcement as they knew that wider members of the Royal Family would be there. Prior to the drinks reception the Duke visited his father Charles in his Windsor office to inform him of the pregnancy. According to the Duke, he was delighted to see the then Prince of Wales' "wide smile" as he heard that he was going to be a grandfather for the fourth time. READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' After informing the future monarch the Sussexes went over to St George's Hall where the drinks reception was being held to tell Prince William. The Duke of Cambridge echoed his father's warm sentiments and told the couple that they should tell his wife Kate. The Duchess of Cambridge was on the other side of the room speaking to her sister Pippa Middleton who at the time was pregnant with her son Arthur. In his memoir, the Duke reveals that his brother and sister-in-law reacted to the news in the positive manner he had hoped for. DON'T MISS: Sussexes enter new 'disaster zone' over Netflix & book backlash [REVEAL] Harry recalls Camilla turning his bedroom into her dressing room [INSIGHT] Prince Harry outlines petty rows that drove Meghan and Kate apart [SPOTLIGHT] According to an extract in the Daily Mail, he said: "She also gave a big smile and hearty congratulations. They both reacted exactly as I hoped — as I’d wished." News of the pregnancy wasn't made public until days later. However, Princess Eugenie's mother Sarah Ferguson was said to be "furious" that the Sussexes had "upstaged" the bride. In their book Royals At War, investigative journalists Dylan Howard and Andy Tillet argue that Eugenie was also left fuming by the move. They said: "This was a huge social gaffe, even if you were not a royal – stealing the limelight from Eugenie, who was furious, as was her mother, Sarah." Despite the controversy Princess Eugenie who married Jack Brooksbank in the ceremony is said to still be friendly with the Sussexes with footage of her appearing in their recent Netflix miniseries. 