Prince Harry’s long-awaited memoir, which was officially published on Tuesday, has revealed a slew of royal secrets. Spare — titled after the label that has seemingly haunted the Duke of Sussex — delves into the relationships within the House of Windsor. In one segment of the book, Harry recalls Prince William's wedding and how the groom appeared “glum” in the run-up to his big day. Prince William married Kate Middleton in April 2011 at Westminster Abbey, marking the biggest royal wedding since the union of then-Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, 30 years earlier. According to Harry, when he went to collect his brother on the morning of the wedding, he looked “gaunt” and had red eyes. “William had asked Granny if he could wear his Household Cavalry kit and she’d turned him down,” he writes. “He was told that, as the Heir, ‘he must wear the Number One Ceremonial.” The Duke continues: “Will was glum at having so little say in what he wore to get married, at having his autonomy taken from him on such an occasion. He told me several times that he felt frustrated.” William has previously admitted that he didn’t get to “decide what to wear for the wedding”. READ MORE: Harry's claim Henry VI is his 'ancestor' torn apart as son died during Wars of Roses In September 2011, five months after the big day, he sat down for an interview with royal author Robert Hardman and explained his grandmother had taught him the useful lesson of “striking that delicate balance between ‘personal’ and ‘duty’”. He told the author “there was absolutely no room for manoeuvre” when it came to his choice of outfit. “‘I was given a categorical: “No, you’ll wear this!”’” he told Mr Hardman. Having just appointed William to the position of Colonel of the Irish Guards, his most senior military appointment — and one of her Guards regiments to boot — Queen Elizabeth II was adamant that her grandson should be getting married in his Irish Guards uniform. “‘So you don’t always get what you want, put it that way,’ the Prince says, laughing again. ‘But I knew perfectly well that it was for the best. That 'no' is a very good 'no'. So you just do as you’re told!’” Mr Hardman wrote in the Daily Mail at the time.  Now, following the publication of Spare, Mr Hardman has claimed that Harry’s recollection of a “glum” William stands in contrast to the impression he got. Writing for the Daily Mail this week, he said: “When I interviewed Prince William about his wedding a few weeks after the event for my book, Our Queen, he not only had fond memories of the Queen’s insistence on his choice of uniform. He was very funny about it and laughed a lot.” This was not the last time the Queen ruled over the brothers’ appearance at official events. Several years later, when Harry was due to marry Meghan Markle, he asked the monarch for permission to keep his beard for the wedding. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry dismisses royal mantra as he claims 'lots of complaining' [LATEST]Harry says it 'did not need to be' like this in his ITV interview [REVEAL]Prince Harry speaks out on Andrew involvement with Jeffrey Epstein [SPOTLIGHT] According to the Duke, William was “livid” and “bristled” at the notion. Harry recalls the then-Duke of Cambridge saying it was “not the done thing”. However, as the younger prince allegedly informed him, his opinion did not “really matter”, given that the Queen had already given Harry the “green light” to keep his facial hair. Harry claims William “raised his voice,” telling him he had put their grandmother in an “uncomfortable position”. After arguing about the matter for “more than a week,” Harry alleges his brother ordered him to shave, as the heir speaking to the spare.  At this point, the Duke of Sussex claims he asked William why it mattered so much to him, to which the now-Prince of Wales responded: “Because I wasn’t allowed to keep my beard.” Harry writes: “He [William] hated the idea of me enjoying a perk he’d been denied,” before claiming his brother had “complained bitterly” about him being allowed to marry in his Household Cavalry frock coat — the uniform William had wanted to wear seven years earlier. The Duke also spoke about the incident to ITV’s Tom Bradby, saying, “I mean, I refer to it as heir/spare but also older brother/younger brother, right? There’s a — there’s a level of competition there. And again, writing this, I remembered that William had a beard himself and that Granny and other people, the ones to tell — told him that he had to shave it off.”