While exact numbers and timings are not yet clear, it looks like “tens” of both the American M1A2 Abrams and German Leopard 2 will eventually be on their way to join the 14 UK Challenger 2s already promised. This is all good news in itself, but more important perhaps is the German intention to lift the export restrictions on other European countries who have the Leopard 2 from sending theirs to Ukraine as well. Potentially, and taken together, this might go some towards the 300 that President Zelensky has asked for to facilitate Ukrainian offensive operations in the Spring. The big question is, of course, what took them so long to decide? And, more specifically, why did it take Germany so long to be persuaded? The second question is perhaps easier to answer first. Having lived in Germany for a while, I can tell you that the cloud of collective guilt over the Second World War still hangs over the population, even nearly 80 years after the cessation of hostilities. For good reasons German society is still generally anti-military and anti-war. This colours debate and attitudes in the German parliament, the Bundestag, where the centre-left/liberals/greens coalition which forms the current government is not a natural habitat for pro-military action. They have needed more persuasion than most to swing in behind Ukraine and supply the tanks which Zelensky so clearly needs. But they got there in the end I suppose. Another interesting aspect has been the “we’ll do it if you do it” approach the Germans have taken vis a vis the USA also supplying tanks. This has been, quite frankly, bizarre and playground stuff, but seems to have had at least some influence on President Biden’s administration. But it is much more likely that Chancellor Olaf Scholz bent in the wind of global criticism of German policy and relented. And a good thing that he did too. The other question is whether this will make any difference to the course of the Russo-Ukraine war. Well, every little helps of course, but in terms of tank numbers it is still a modest contribution and all we can hope for is that it opens the floodgates for other countries to contribute more. Personally, I think Zelensky was modest in his request for 300 western tanks; I would have asked for 1,000 and hoped that I might get half that number at least. But perhaps he didn’t want to frighten the horses. In terms of quality there is no doubt that the western tanks offered will be an order of magnitude of improvement over those the Ukrainians are fighting with at the moment. The Abrams, Leopard, and Challenger 2s are better in almost every aspect to the elderly Soviet and Russian models which equip Ukrainian forces presently; guns, armour, and survivability are much superior. They are also superior to most of their Russian equivalents with the possible exception of later models of the T-90 and T-14 Armata, but these are few and far between. As for whether western tanks can turn the tide of the war, well, the jury’s still out on that one. If the conflict to date has taught us anything it’s that numbers matter, and the bald facts of the matter are that the Russians still have more tanks than the Ukrainians. In the Second World War the German tanks were generally more sophisticated and technically advanced than those of the Allies, but quantity has a quality all of its own. What is clear, though, is that (to paraphrase Field Marshal Earl Haig, commander of British forces in France during the First World War) there will always be a place for the well-bred tank on the battlefield, for a while yet anyway. In the early stages of the present conflict we saw Russian tanks being taken out by infantry hand-held anti-tank weapons, leading to predictions that tanks were obsolete in modern warfare. And yet what followed has proven once again that the utility of a mobile, protected, and stable gun platform is essential for modern offensive operations in conventional warfare; if it wasn’t Zelensky wouldn’t be asking for them. The age of the tank is not yet over. Long live the tank!