Rockstar has released a big new update for Grand Theft Auto Online. The new GTA Online update brings taxis to the forefront, letting users become a cabbie and earn fares from customers. There are also a selection of free items for the Chinese Year of the Rabbit. Indeed, if you play this week, you'll receive a traditional Painted Rabbit Mask and Rabbit Tattoo, as well as GTA$188,888 to celebrate Lunar New Year. As for the taxi service, players are encouraged to visit the Downtown Cab Co. depot on the corner of Tangerine Street and Mirror Park Boulevard in East Vinewood to get cracking. Rockstar explains more: "Veteran Arena Warriors who reached Sponsorship Tier 25 can also use their special red version of the Taxi to complete fares. "Drivers who aren’t ready to purchase their own cab can still launch Taxi Work by showing up for duty at Downtown Cab Co. Complete ten Taxi Work jobs in a row to earn the Taxi Star Award and unlock the Trade Price for the new Taxi." Better yet, players on PS5 and Xbox Series X/S can use fast travel when requesting a cab using the iFruit phone. GTA+ members can skip for free. The remaining GTA Online patch notes can be seen below... GTA Online update new features... • Taxi Jobs now available at Downtown Cab Co., and via the new Vapid Taxi available for purchase at Warstock Cache & Carry - Complete 10 Taxi Jobs to unlock the Trade Price for the new Vapid Taxi - New Downtown Cab Co. Skip to Destination fast travel available for all PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S players, with even shorter wait times between rides for GTA+ Members • The MTL Brickade 6x6 now available for all players at Warstock Cache & Carry, (also available to steal in the First Dose Story missions) • Free Traditional Painted Rabbit Mask and Rabbit Tattoo, and GTA$188,888 bonus for playing this week to celebrate Lunar New Year • Double GTA$ and RP on First Dose story missions and Special Vehicle Races • Extra 50% GTA$ and RP on all Special Cargo Sales • The First Dose Hard Mode Event Continues: - Complete any First Dose mission on Hard Mode to receive the Green Fooliganz livery for the MTL Brickade 6X6 - Complete three different First Dose Missions on Hard Mode to receive the Safari Ranger Livery for the Överflöd Entity MT - Complete all 6 First Dose missions on Hard Mode to receive an exclusive Pump Shotgun Finish - Complete any First Dose Mission on Hard Mode in less than 10 minutes to receive the Speed Demon livery for the Übermacht Cypher - Complete any First Dose Mission on Hard Mode without dying to receive the Kisama Drifter livery for the Annis 300R • On PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S: - Hao’s Premium Test Ride: The Shitzu Hakuchou Drag (Motorcycle) - This week’s HSW Time Trial takes place between Textile City and Stab City - This week in Simeon’s Premium Deluxe Motorsport Showroom: The Pfister 811, Karin Sultan RS Classic, Pegassi Ignus, Dinka Sugoi, and Dewbauchee Champion - On display at the Luxury Autos Showroom: The Pegassi Osiris and Dinka Jester RR - LS Car Meet Test Rides: The Pfister Growler, Karin Futo GTX, and Karin Calico GTF - LS Car Meet Prize Ride: Place in the Top 3 in the Street Race Series three days in a row to earn a free Pegassi Torero - 50% off Biker, Animal, and Diamond Casino Heist Masks - 30% off the Pfister 811, Sparrow, Sea Sparrow, Pegassi Osiris, and all Executive Offices and their Upgrades & Modifications