Therese Coffey will announce a ban this week as the government ramps up measures to help prevent billions of pieces of plastic polluting the planet’s waterways. The Environment Secretary said the move will have a “huge impact” in stopping single-use items that end up in rivers and seas which harm wildlife. Ministers consulted on plans to ban single-use plastic items in 2021, backed by overwhelming public support. It means that businesses who use them will have to buy sustainable alternatives to cut down on excess plastic. Ms Coffey said: “A plastic fork can take 200 years to decompose – that is two centuries in landfill or polluting our oceans. “This new ban will have a huge impact to stop the pollution of billions of pieces of plastic and help to protect the natural environment for future generations.” The ban will not cover plastic plates, bowls and trays used as packaging for takeaway food and drink in supermarkets and shops – but will cover packaging for food and drink that is eaten at a restaurant, cafe or takeaway. This is because takeaway packaging is covered by a separate scheme which will make manufacturers contribute to the cost of disposing of plastic packaging. That is due to come in next year. The proposals require parliamentary approval and will be introduced in England from October to allow businesses time to prepare. Each person currently uses an average of 37 single-use plastic items of cutlery every year in England. It was among the top 15 most littered items in 2020. Plastic can last for centuries as litter in the countryside or ocean after they break down into microplastics. Ministers have previously banned plastic straws, stirrers, cotton buds, microbeads and other plastics that pose a threat to the environment. The Daily Express’s Green Britain Needs You crusade is supporting calls for the end of single-use plastic items. The Environment Act also gave ministers the power to charge for single-use items, giving them the ability to force producers to pay more if they use unsustainable packaging. Ministers are consulting on a deposit return idea to encourage recycling and hope to make it law by 2024. Allison Ogden-Newton, of charity Keep Britain Tidy, said: “This is great news and definitely a step in the right direction.”