King Charles will host "several thousand" people for his "special Coronation Concert" at Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace has revealed. The monarch's Berkshire residence will stage the gig on its East Lawn on May 7.  The event will be produced, staged and broadcast by the BBC and BBC Studios. Buckingham Palace said: "The Coronation Concert will bring global music icons and contemporary stars together in celebration of the historic occasion." A "world-class" orchestra and the "Coronation Choir" will perform at the concert. The choir is a "diverse group ... created from the nation's keenest community choirs and amateur singers from across the United Kingdom, such as refugee choirs, NHS choirs, LGBTQ+ singing groups and deaf signing choirs". JUST IN: King Charles’s coronation should be ‘a spectacle fit for a King’ and not ‘on the cheap’  A documentary will tell the stories of the members of the choir. A "Virtual Choir" from across the Commonwealth will accompany the group. However, Buckingham Palace claimed the "centrepiece of the Coronation Concert" will be the 'Lighting up the Nation'. This segment of the concert will see the country come together as projections, lasers, drone displays and illuminations light up iconic British landmarks.  A public audience will also arrive at Windsor Castle for the event, including volunteers from many charity affiliations. Informing Brits about how to attend the concert, Buckingham Palace added: "Through a national ballot held by the BBC, several thousand members of the public will be selected to receive a pair of free tickets for the Coronation Concert at Windsor Castle." Further details about the concert and the national ticket ballot will be released at a later date. May 7 will also see UK communities come together to celebrate the 'Coronation Big Lunch'.  DON'T MISS:Princess Kate lets slip morning ritual she does with royal children [REVEAL]Sophie and Edward's HRH title dilemma for Lady Louise and James [INSIGHT]Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' [REPORT]   The opening day of the Coronation will see Westminster Abbey hold a service for King Charles and Queen Camilla. The 'Big Help Out', which will highlight the positive impact of volunteering, will take place on May 8. 