Netflix later this month. Set in a parallel world infested by lingering spirits, only young paranormal sleuths like Lucy Carlyle (played by Ruby Stokes) have what it takes to put the dead to rest. A brand new trailer has teased the first look at the Bridgerton star’s action-packed new role.  Director Joe Cornish, known for Attack the Block and Sing, helms the series based on Jonathan’s bestselling children’s books. The first trailer introduces viewers to an alternate version of London populated by the living dead who cause plenty of trouble for the show’s young detectives. Lucy’s story begins when she joins up with amateur investigators Anthony Lockwood (Cameron Chapman) and George Karim (Ali Hadji-Heshmati). READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event  “Run by Anthony Lockwood, a rebellious young entrepreneur haunted by his mysterious past, his brilliant but eccentric sidekick George and a newly arrived, supremely gifted girl called Lucy. “This renegade trio are about to unravel a terrifying mystery that will change the course of history.” The intriguing new trailer promises a thrill-a-minute adventure as the Lockwood trio battle terrifying apparitions and haunted dwellings. Plus, a sinister underlying mystery lies at the heart of their investigations which will unfold as the series progresses.  It will also be the first major role for Ruby since departing her role as Francesca after the first two seasons of Bridgerton. In August last year, Netflix confirmed the role will now be portrayed by Hannah Dodd as of the third season. DON'T MISS:The Rig’s Mark Bonnar recalls hypothermia ordeal [VIDEO]Tulsa King star ‘wasn’t prepared’ for huge finale twist [INTERVIEW]Outlander stars ‘cheated’ to film iconic Claire and Jamie scene [INSIGHT] Ruby’s commitment to filming her new supernatural teen drama caused a scheduling conflict with Bridgerton so was forced to back out of the role. There is currently no release date set for the historical romance’s next outing, which will focus on the romance between Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) and Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan). However, fans should expect to see more steamy escapades by the end of this year or the start of 2024 at the latest. Newcomer Hannah revealed she actually skipped ahead when she was reading the original Julia Quinn novels for research, as Francesca doesn’t feature heavily until book six. “I’m so excited,” she told TVLine. “Everybody’s been so lovely. I just want to do a good job. “I didn’t know what I’d got myself in for, but I needed to read [When He Was Wicked] as soon as possible. “It’s such a beautiful book, and she’s such a beautiful character. I can’t really believe that I get to play her.” 