Noel Gallagher and his wife Sara MacDonald are calling it quits after nearly two decades of marriage. The Oasis star is said to have moved out of their Hampshire mansion, according to reports. A spokesperson on behalf of Noel Gallagher and Sara Macdonald has confirmed that the couple are to divorce. In a joint statement, they told Express.co.uk: "Noel and Sara will together continue to look after their children who remain their priority. "Noel and Sara ask the media to respect their privacy and that of our family at this time." The guitarist, 55, met publicist Sara, 51, in 2000 and she became his second wife in 2011. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley to be laid to rest at Elvis' Graceland with son Noel has reportedly moved to London following the couple's marriage split. The Oasis legend and Sara holidayed on a yacht last year. But they have not been seen out together recently — with Noel spotted on his own with friends. A source told The Sun: “It is a great shame but they are trying to keep it civilised. “Noel has moved out, but in time Sara might want to move back to London. They’re working everything out steadily to minimise the disruption.” Noel shares sons, Donovan, 14, and Sonny, 11, with his estranged wife Sara. The guitarist, who rose to fame in the 90s band Oasis alongside his brother Liam Gallagher, reportedly said the latter had not met the musician's sons. Sara previously told Vogue: "Donovan's new school friends can't understand why he's never met his uncle and he has started Googling things. DON'T MISS... Alex Jones quips Meghan Markle might be 'looking for a job'[LATEST]Stacey Solomon shares new pregnancy video as unborn baby kicks[INSTAGRAM]The Masked Singer's Davina McCall and boyfriend move in together[ADMISSION] "I've said 'You have to stop. You are going to read horrible things about us.' I don't want my boys to think that's a normal relationship between brothers." Anais is Noel's eldest child and who he shares with successful furniture designer Meg Matthews. The couple were married between 1997–2001 and share daughter Anais who is a model and photographer, along with being a university student.  Speaking to Vogue in 2020, Sara said she kept a card with Noel’s number “like it was a religious f***ing artefact”. The pair briefly split in 2002 after Sara branded him “too childish” to wed and have kids. They reconciled and became regulars on the London party scene — often with Liam and his second wife Nicole Appleton. Since Oasis’ split in 2009, Noel went on to form High Flying Birds. 