A man has suffered life-threatening injuries after a brutal machete fight with another man on a main road in East London. The pair were spotted brawling on the A127 in Romford at around 3.50pm on Friday as members of the public watched helplessly.  Motorists stayed in their cars as the two men armed with machete - type knives fought. A spokesman for The Metropolitan Police said that one of then was now in hospital with life threatening injuries. A passerby filmed the vicious fight and shared it on social media. He can be heard saying “Oh s***, oh my days, oh my.”  Another individual can be heard saying “oi, oi”. Drivers who were stuck in a mini traffic jam due to the brawl honked their horns. In a statement The Metropolitan Police confirmed there had been on arrests so far. They said: "Police were called at around 15:50hrs on Friday, 13 January, to a fight between two people in the Gallows Corner area of Harold Wood.  READ MORE: Sophie ignores Harry's book in first personal message since claims "One male has been taken to hospital. "His condition is currently being treated as life-threatening. "Detectives from the Met’s East Area BCU are investigating. "There has been no arrest at this stage.  DON'T MISS: Firm forced to pull down 'offensive' billboard poke fun in new advert [REVEAL] Dennis McGrory gets life sentence for murder and rape of teenager [INSIGHT] Full scale of British wind power laid bare as UK free from Russian gas [SPOTLIGHT] "Any witnesses or anyone with information are asked to call 101, ref 4545/13jan. "To remain anonymous please contact Crimestoppers. "The A127 travelling towards Essex is closed and drivers are advised to avoid the Gallows Corner area.” A spokesman for London Ambulance service confirmed that an air ambulance had been sent to the scene. He said: "We were called at 3.52pm today (13 January) to reports of a stabbing in Southend Arterial Road, Romford. "We sent an ambulance crew, a paramedic in a fast response car and an incident response officer to the scene. We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. "We treated a man at the scene and took him, by road, to a major trauma centre as a priority.”