Kim Kardashian, 42, famously starred alongside her now ex-husband Kanye West, 45, in the music video for his 2013 hit Bound 2. The Kardashians star has confused her fans as she appeared to recreate the music video for a short TikTok clip, with her daughter North West, nine, dressed as her father. Kim shares a TikTok account with her daughter, with North regularly using the social media platform to share an insight into the Kardashian lifestyle. North transformed into her father with the help of her mother for the short video, with the use of special effects makeup. Kim stood next to her daughter, who had contoured her face and drawn on facial hair to perfectly emulate her rapper father. North tucked her braided hair into a black beanie and drew on a fake hairline for a more realistic effect. READ MORE: Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims  Kim rocked a pair of large mirror shades, and a black vest, matching her daughter's all-black ensemble. The words "Bound Baby" appeared at the bottom of the screen, while Kim casually draped her arm around her oldest child as she played homage to the 2013 music video. In the now-infamous video, Kim appeared fully nude while sitting backwards on a motorcycle driven by Kanye in front of a green screen. As the comments are turned off for their TikTok page, many social media users rushed to Twitter to share their views on the "weird" video. Tomshousewasbr said: "Sorry but I would be so triggered if I was Kim, North looks EXACTLY like Kayne!" Marlonvazz added: "Miss North West is literally on a quest to break the internet every few days. Also not Kim using the shades from her dating Kanye days." Nyhrtstoppped commented: "Kim helped North do her makeup like Kanye West. I can't believe this is real." This comes after Kanye made it very clear in the past that he did not want any of his four children to have TikTok accounts without his permission. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her famous assets in plunging blazer [HOLLYWOOD] Jeremy Renner gives health update from hospital as he enjoys 'spa day' [HEALTH] Shania Twain looks ageless in bright pink wig in New York [PICS]  Kanye made the comments during an interview with Jason Lee for an episode of Hollywood Unlocked, while also noting he was trying to have a more active role in his children's lives. He said: "My children ain't going to be on TikTok without my permission!" Kanye had made his opinion on TikTok clear during an alleged incident at Kardashian's home, where he had his "two female cousins" speak to Kardashian's "security" on his behalf. He recalled: "I said, 'I need you to go and say these two things: Security ain't going to be in between me and my children, and my children ain't going to be on TikTok without my permission'." Kanye also wrote on Instagram: "SINCE THIS IS MY FIRST DIVORCE I NEED TO KNOW WHAT I SHOULD DO ABOUT MY DAUGHTER BEING PUT ON TIK TOK AGAINST MY WILL?" Kim has since responded as she explained: "Kanye's constant attacks on me in interviews and on social media is actually more hurtful than any TikTok North might create. "As the parent who is the main provider and caregiver for our children, I am doing my best to protect our daughter while also allowing her to express her creativity in the medium that she wishes with adult supervision — because it brings her happiness." Kim and Kanye share: North, nine, Saint, seven, Chicago, four and Psalm, three.