Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has told his players to forget about their derby day heroics and deliver again when they face Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. United travel to Selhurst Park on the back of their best run since 2009 with nine straight wins on the bounce. Victory against the Eagles in London would see them move six points behind weekend opponents Arsenal and into second. And the Red Devils will be desperate to set the scene for Sunday's trip to the Emirates with yet another victory. But the United boss insists they must reset after every game if they are to continue their progress. “Every win you have to celebrate. You work so hard for such momentum and every win is so great in top football and if can’t celebrate you kill the energy as well,” he said. “But after it we have to settle down after 24 hours and move on to the next game. You have to get in the right rhythm every third day and we have to deliver. The players have to get in the right rhythm from a physical point of view but also mentally - be ready for the next game.” MUST READ: Erik ten Hag makes pundit eat his own words after being called 'dumb' Ten Hag expects a tough physical challenge from Palace and could hand a first start to January signing Wout Weghorst with Anthony Martial doubtful. Martial went off after 45 minutes of last Saturday's win against Manchester City. And the Netherlands international, signed on loan from Burnley, could be just the ticket according to Ten Hag in what he predicts will be a physical battle from the outset. “Of course I know a lot about Palace,” said the United manager. “We faced them also in pre-season and know how their team is - but the total plan I don’t have. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'contacted Mykhaylo Mudryk without permission' in fresh twistDiaby emerges as Arsenal transfer target after Raphinha developmentNewcastle 'eyeing swoop for Chelsea trio' but only Ziyech may leave Martial was withdrawn at half-time in Saturday’s Manchester derby with Ten Hag admitting he was not capable of giving 100 per cent. Marcus Rashford overcame a knock to score yet again for United. Victory at Palace would meanwhile give Ten Hag's team a 10th straight win – just one away from their previous best of 11 victories on the spin between January and February 2009 under Sir Alex Ferguson. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE