Cristiano Ronaldo may have already upset Al-Nassr fans as he is banned from his new team’s next two matches despite sell-out crowds being expected. The 37-year-old moved to Saudi Arabia after leaving Manchester United in November following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan. Ronaldo has enjoyed an illustrious career at the top of the game and won a plethora of trophies during his time at Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus. But he put pen-to-paper on a deal at Al-Nassr after playing for Portugal at the World Cup. Al-Nassr fans will have to wait until later this month to see the striker in action, however, after he received a two-game ban while playing for the Red Devils. Ronaldo’s suspension comes following an incident with a 14-year-old Everton fan at Goodison Park last season. The veteran slapped a phone out of the youngster’s hand as he left the pitch after the match. READ MORE: Tottenham star Son Heung-min expresses sorrow for team-mates    According to The Telegraph, Ronaldo had been accused by a three-man FA commission of a “petulant act,” with his behaviour characterised as “improper” and “violent.” And the commission rejected Ronaldo’s defence that he had reacted amid fears for his own safety. The player has already been cautioned by the police for the incident after admitting to battery and criminal damage and was ordered to pay the teenager £200 compensation. Al-Nassr are set to face Al Ta’ee in the Saudi Pro League on Thursday in their next match and had sold 28,000 tickets in anticipation of Ronaldo making his debut following his unveiling in Riyadh. But the blockbuster star’s first appearance for his new side may in fact come in the Riyadh Season Cup when Al-Nassr take on Paris Saint-Germain on Thursday, January 19. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see   Ronaldo is set to earn a staggering £165million per year in Saudi Arabia. And after being welcomed to the club, the player said: “I’m so proud to make this big decision in my life. In Europe my work is done. I won everything and played for the most important clubs in Europe. This is a new challenge. “I’m a unique player. I beat all the records there. I want to beat a few records here. This contract is unique but I’m a unique player, so for me it’s normal. I really don’t worry about what people say. I am really, really happy to be here. I know the league is very competitive, I saw many games. I’m ready to keep playing football. “Nobody knows this, but I had many opportunities in Europe, Brazil, Australia, America, Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. I gave my word to this club. I want to give a different vision of this country and football. This is why I took this opportunity.” 