Amanda Owen, 48, announced via Instagram she had separated from her husband Clive Owen, 68, in June after 22 years of marriage. The news of their split came as shock to viewers who have grown to love the family, as the estranged couple gives an insight into life on Ravenseat Farm. The pair share nine children together – Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, 9, Clemmy, 7, and six-year-old Nancy. The Channel 5 star opened up about the couple's split in a new interview, with Clive present during the chat, as she touched on the "pressures" of marriage. It has admittedly been a "tough" time for the pair but they have continued to remain cordial. Amanda turned and asked her former husband: “As in – he’s not smitten with me, are you, Clive?’’ READ MORE: Jeremy Renner returns home from hospital in 'long road to recovery' She continued to Radio Times: “Look, there are two simple facts: if he thought I was brilliant, and I thought he was brilliant, then we wouldn’t have separated. “It’s a fact, isn’t it? But, you know what, that’s not unique, it’s just how things are, pressures, all the rest of it. But we have nine kids, with associated friends, girlfriends, and we just have to get on with it.” The TV star touched on co-parenting but rejected the notion adding it's just a "buzzword". “It just means we take it in turns to shout at the kids," the shepherdess added.  Earlier this month, Amanda was forced to shut down assumptions about her relationship with Clive. Speaking to The Times, she revealed that despite their split, they still work together at Ravenseat. “People assume that because I’m separated from my husband, Clive, things are harder, but in fact, it’s the opposite,” she said. “We have two farms that are basically next door to each other, so it’s close enough for it to be useful, but far enough for us to have space,” she continued. DON'T MISS... Jonnie Irwin says it's 'bl**dy hard' in update amid cancer battle[LATEST]Billie Eilish seeks restraining order against alleged home intruder[US]Lisa Marie Presley said she had ‘a lot to do still' before death[UPDATES] “Whatever our personal situation, there’s a farm to run and nine children to look after so we’re just working together, making it happen.” Meanwhile, Amanda recently secured a new television called Amanda Owen's Farming Lives on More4. She is best known for fronting Channel 5's Our Yorkshire Farm with her large family as she shows the realities of life on their Ravenseat Farm. It comes after Our Yorkshire Farm was cancelled after four years on the air. The brand-new series is set to start this month and will be airing on More4 where viewers will see the shepherdess visiting other working farms in the UK. The star will be sharing what it's like to work on the farms and the struggles of the large industry. Travelling through six different farms, viewers will get to see lands passed down through generations and totally new spaces. Speaking about the new show, Amanda said: "If you’re in farming and agriculture, it’s very easy to feel like you’re unsupported, even vilified, heartening to see how different people were making it work and how diverse modern farming is." You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.