Former Arsenal and Chelsea midfielder Emmanuel Petit has blasted Todd Boehly for hijacking the deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Frenchman has questioned the Blues owner's transfer strategy after spending over £400million in the two windows since he bought the club. Mudryk seemed destined to join Arsenal this month after Mikel Arteta made him his priority transfer target to bolster the Gunners' title challenge. His supposed public cries on social media to move to the Emirates Stadium added to the expectation that he would join Arteta's squad before the winter deadline. But Chelsea caused a surprise by agreeing an £88m deal with Shakhtar Donetsk over the weekend, recruiting the 22-year-old winger on an eight-and-a-half-year contract. It continues the trend of Chelsea accelerating their efforts to sign players under Boehly's watch after their links with Premier League rivals emerged. Marc Cucurella and Raphinha were examples of contrasting success in the summer, and Petit has stressed his confusion over the American's thinking in the transfer market... He told ICE 36: "When I look at the money that Chelsea have spent on Mudryk... Oh, my goodness. Who is pressing the button on these deals at Chelsea? Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Is it the owner? Is there anyone in the club that can tell him to stop spending so much money without a strategy? "It looks like that whenever a big club puts a bid in for a player, Chelsea get on the phone and make an offer as well! Come on! Where is the strategy?!" Petit slammed Boehly for treating transfers like 'silly games', explaining he doesn't blame Arsenal for dropping out of the race. He added: "I completely understand Arsenal's decision not to match Chelsea's bid. How can Chelsea make an offer of €100m (£88m)? DON'T MISS: Everton classify next home match vs Arsenal as 'high risk' in new low  "It is ridiculous. Let Chelsea spend the money. It is clever for Arsenal to stay out of these silly games." The 52-year-old also claimed that Mudryk 'didn't look happy' with his Chelsea move when spotted in the Stamford Bridge stands and unveiled to the fans on Sunday. "When you saw all of the comments that Mudryk was making on social media about Arsenal..." Petit said. "Sharing pictures of himself in the kit and everything else he was doing... When I saw him at Stamford Bridge, he didn't look happy." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here