Starz’s hit crime series BMF tells the true life story of the Flenory brothers and it looks as though there could be major trouble ahead of the crew. Actor Meech Flenory Jr spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and hinted at upcoming divisions within the Black Mafia Family. During the recent episode of BMF, Meech (played by Meech Flenory Jr) made strides towards expanding his drug and money organisation to Cleveland. While Terry Flenory (DaVinci Juste) clashed with his father Charles Flenory (Russell Hornsby) as they worked together on their new business, Flenory Cars Service. With Terry’s exit from the crew, B-Mickie became second in command and although he was finally in charge, he was also under the watchful eye of Detective Bryant (Steve Harris). The officer had been blackmailing B-Mickie for inside information which would lead to Meech’s arrest. READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years Unbeknownst to the BMF crew, Lamar (Eric Kofi-Abrefa) had survived the season one finale shootout and was placed in hospital under a false identity. After gaining consciousness in episode one, he escaped police surveillance and took to the streets for revenge. With mounting problems for Meech, the actor hinted his character could find himself in some major trouble. As well as ducking law enforcement, the crew could be in for a major division with its recent shakeup. As he believed Lamar was dead, Meech launched a new group, BMF which combined his 50 Boyz gang and Lamar’s gang, 12th Street Boyz to form the new crew. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Meech teased: “Our focus is on our business 100% trying to expand, trying to leave Detroit, trying to go further. “Trying to recruit as many crews as we can on our team, so we can work together and become even bigger.” Meech teased: “But I feel like the season is definitely all about the family war between B-Mickie, Meech and Terry and they’re finding there's no trusting each other.” DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [REACTION]BMF star Michole Briana White on meeting real-life Lucille Flenory [INSIGHT]BMF’s star Russell Hornsby teases major feud between Charles and Terry [INSIGHT] He continued: “Terry figuring out what he really wants to do if he wants to be in a game or wants to not. “It's a lot of different things that everybody's juggling with this season.” Although Terry decided he was out of the drug game for definite, he noticed police were doing random traffic stops. He tried to call Meech, to warn him as he was transporting drugs but before he could explain, their conversation went awry.   As a result, he decided to take matters into his own hands and step back into the BMF business to help his brother. While driving his girlfriend LaWanda Roosevelt (Sydney Mitchell) and baby to Cleveland, Terry disguised the pure cocaine inside the cans of baby powder. Although he was pulled over by police, Terry convinced them he was just a driver and was able to transport the drugs to Meech. This sparked an uproar among the BMF crew as they fumed at Terry reinserting himself into the business.  BMF season 2 continues Fridays on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 