Joe Biden sparked the fury of Republicans as the White House shared a video of the President phoning into a Washington DC restaurant to mark "over 10 million new small business applications during my presidency". The GOP response to the video was immediate, with the Republican National Committee's Tommy Pigott hitting out at the impact Biden's presidency has had on wages across the US. The criticism about small business opening rates comes as President Biden faces turmoil within the Democratic Party over his handling of classified documents.   Pigott said: "Under Biden’s economic plan, the first two years of his presidency were the worst years for wage growth in four decades, with real wages declining and American families left poorer than when he took office." Former congressional candidate Vic DeGrammont simply replied to Biden's celebration on Twitter, writing: "And the highest years for businesses shutting down!" Several social media users repeatedly pointed out the number the White House and President Biden had attempted to highlight was of "applications" rather than of businesses effectively opened during the Biden administration. Dan Graham noted: "That may be applications, now show how many actually started." JUST IN: Botched Virgin Orbit launch went ahead DESPITE staff fears and chance of success at 50/50 Other social media users also put into question the President's claims of having taken an employee by surprise with an impromptu phone call. Comedian Tim Young said: "Wow... this looks incredibly authentic and not staged at all." BASEDPolitics founder Brad Palumbo commented: "Off guard but she happened to be being filmed? Ok boomer." READ MORE: Biden to pick EU over special relationship as Blinken insists he will not budge on Brexit And Ron Meinhardt added: "Nothing to really brag about here. Especially with double-digit inflation (over the last two years) and skyrocketing national debt." The mockery adds fuel to the fire with Biden under pressure over classified documents being found at his former office and Delaware residence. The files are believed to have been collected during Biden's tenure under Barack Obama, which came to an end in 2017. DON'T MISSIdaho victim linked to victim on social media [LATEST]Polar bear mauls woman to death [REPORT]Briana Walshe charged with murder of missing wife [LATEST] The President has seen Democrats urging for more transparency over the files, with close ally Adam Schiff, who led the Intelligence Committee during Donald Trump's first impeachment, calling for a full investigation. Schiff told ABC: "I’d like to know what these documents were. "I’d like to know what the special counsel’s assessment is, whether there was any risk of exposure and what the harm would be and whether any mitigation needs to be done. "I think that would be appropriate and consistent with what we requested in the case of Mar-a-Lago." A Democratic member of Congress admitted to being unable to explain the situation to constituents because the White House had been sparse with the party as well on their strategy to address the issue. Speaking on condition of anonymity, they said: “I presume they’re trying to line up the facts and give us guidance. But we’re also hanging out here.”