The Home Genie, Georgina Burnett visited a This Morning viewer who lived in a drafty, old home in a recent episode. With energy prices so high, it’s important to have a well-insulated house so the heating you’re paying for doesn’t escape. Draught-free homes can also be more comfortable at lower temperatures – so you may be able to turn down your thermostat, saving even more on your energy bills. Georgina shared her handy hacks. “I’m very conscious that it’s an inefficient, old Victorian building, and one area that is drafty is the bathroom,” the owner of the house said. Georgina stepped into the bathroom and noted it was “really cold”. Luckily she had a hack to “draft-bust” the window using double-sided tape and a clear plastic film. First, cut the film to the size of the window, then using the double-sided tape, apply this to the window frame. Next, carefully stick the film to the tape, keeping it as taut as you can. “Once the film is in place, cut away any excess,” Georgina said. “Taking a hairdryer, carefully glide the heat over the film. This will shrink the film and tighten the seal.” As for how well the seal worked, the expert commented: “That is amazing! I can’t feel anything [any heat].” During the summer months, however, you may wish to remove the film to open the window. READ MORE: Make your home 'more attractive' to buyers with DIY bathroom change Standing two metres from the front door, Georgina said: “I can feel the draft from here! What I’ve got here is a thermal camera, where it’s blue is where it’s cold. Let’s look at the letterbox, we’ve got a lot of cold air, and you can simply add a letterbox brush cover.” When using the thermal camera to see the results, the dark blue square that was the letterbox turned orange to show it was now a warmer area. “We’ve reduced the cold coming in and heat going out,” the expert said. “If you want to double down on excluding drafts and keeping the heat in, you can also add a door curtain. I’m going to drill my nail directly into the door at the top then use a charity shop curtain. “If your curtain is too long, simply take it up to your desired length and you’re done.” The thicker the curtain, the more effective it will be at keeping the heat in. DON'T MISS...The ‘most flattering’ shades of blonde hair for every skin tone [EXPERT]Five foods you didn’t know you can cook in your air fryer [VIDEO]Menopause expert on foods to avoid and best exercises to lose weight [COMMENT] Using an old pair of jeans or trousers, you can make a draught excluder and there’s no sewing involved. Start by cutting off the legs, then stuff the trouser leg with socks, old clothes, scraps of material, or even newspaper. Using an elastic band or piece of ribbon or string, tie up the sides and position them at the bottom of any doors where a draft is coming in. READ MORE: 4 safe and effective methods to stop foxes visiting your garden Original fireplaces may be beautiful, but they can be “incredibly draughty”. There are solutions you can buy, like a chimney balloon, which you push into the fireplace chimney and inflate, or you can make your own with a plastic bag and newspaper. “Take the bag and fill it with newspaper or chosen insulation, then tied the bag using string or an elastic bag,” Georgina said. “Position the bag in the chimney breast with the rope hanging down if you need to retrieve it.” According to Energy Saving Trust, draught-proofing your chimney can save you £90. Georgina concluded: “What we’re doing is heating you, rather than the whole home. “So we’ve got an under-the-run heating system, a heated blanket. I’ve managed to get rid of the draught from the fireplace, front door [and] bathroom window. “We’ve also put in some water-saving gadgets for you and I’ve even made a draught excluder!” All these changes can “help save well over £1,000 a year”.