Chelsea have entered the race to sign France forward Marcus Thuram in this window, according to reports. Manchester United have been strongly linked with the Borussia Monchengladbach star but it appears the Blues are set to make their move, which could also impact Arsenal's business. Thuram is out of contract at Monchengladbach at the end of the season. The Bundesliga club are therefore considering whether to sell him for a cheaper price this month or let him leave in the summer for nothing. A host of Premier League clubs are in the market for forwards. United need reinforcement up top following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. Arsenal are also looking to recruit in attack and have been tentatively linked with Thuram. But now Chelsea's name can be thrown into the mix. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  French outlet Foot Mercato claims the west London club are determined to 'rush' through a deal for Thuram. The report says a deal could happen in January, rather than agreeing a pre-contract agreement for the summer. Thuram is thought to be an ideal target for Chelsea due to his contract situation. Owner Todd Boehly is ready to spend what it would take to sign the versatile star, who can play out wide and centrally. Chelsea are also interested in Shakhtar Donetsk star Mykhaylo Mudryk and Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix. Arsenal are frontrunners to sign Mudryk and are also said to be stepping up their pursuit of Felix. Therefore, news of Chelsea's potential move for Thuram could be a boost to the Gunners' chances of signing their two targets. The arrival of Thuram would likely mean Chelsea pull out of the race for at least one of Mudryk and Felix. DON'T MISSChelsea star warned he may 'never play again' for Potter after Man City lossTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out  Graham Potter has already made two signings in this window. Young striker David Datro Fofana has joined from Norwegian club Molde, while France defender Benoit Badiashile signed a seven-and-a-half-year contract after completing his £35m move from Monaco. Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez is also a top target. But the Portuguese club are not happy with the way Chelsea have pursued the Argentina World Cup winner. Thuram is the latest player to be targeted and Chelsea could pip United to his signature, who Bild claimed this week were leading the race for his signature. Thuram joined Monchengladbach from Guingamp in 2019 and has 41 goals in 119 appearances. The 25-year-old is the second-top scorer in the Bundesliga this season. He has 10 goals and three assists in 15 matches.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here