Harry Kane has dropped a clear hint that he wants to stay at Tottenham for the foreseeable future due to his burning desire to win a trophy for the team he has been at for his whole career. The England captain drew level with Spurs legend Jimmy Greaves as the club's all-time top scorer as he netted his 266th goal for the Lilywhites in their crucial 1-0 win over Fulham on Monday. Yet amid Spurs' patchy recent form speculation has started up again suggesting that Kane could move on in the summer. The 29-year-old's contract expires in 2024, and there are rumours that Manchester United are among those who could try to sign the player at the end of the season. Kane is still yet to win a major trophy in his career, and some have suggested that he would be better off abandoning Tottenham in order to try to earn that elusive piece of silverware elsewhere. But speaking to reporters following the Fulham victory, he insisted that his priority is to taste success in north London. "Of course, I still want to win trophies for Tottenham Hotspur," Kane said. "That's been my goal since I started playing first team football with them. It hasn't happened.  “I've been open about [how I feel about] that but I'll continue to try to achieve that. We have a really good squad, a fantastic manager and there's no reason why we still can't be successful this season. “We've just got to put everything we can into it and see where we are come May or June.We bounced back at Fulham with a good win and we're going to need more of that if we're going to be where we want to be at the end of the season.” Spurs are still in the FA Cup, and face Championship side Preston in the fourth round on Saturday, while they will take on Italian giants AC Milan in the Champions League last-16 later this month, meaning there are still two opportunities for Kane to win a trophy this season. Continuing on the theme of potentially extending his Tottenham contract, he added: “There's not been much talk if I'm totally honest. I'm sure they'll be conversations over the coming months but to be honest I'm just focussed on this season and doing my best for the team. “There's still a lot to play for, trying to get in the Champions League, we have the FA Cup and the Champions League still to try to win. My focus is on that. “I know there's going to be rumours, a lot of talk and speculation about my future but I'm just focussed on what I can do.”