The Denver Broncos have pulled off a rare trade in sending draft picks for an NFL coach to acquire the legendary Sean Payton. The Broncos have gone all-in on the offensive-minded coach after a disappointing season under Nathaniel Hackett, who was fired before the season was up and has now joined the New York Jets as offensive coordinator. Payton will join the Broncos to team up with Russell Wilson - who was also acquired last year to work with Hackett. It is just the eighth time in NFL history that a coach has been traded for draft picks, and the fourth time that a first-round pick has been exchanged with Bill Belichick, Bill Parcells and Jon Gruden also traded for a first. Payton spent a year away from the NFL in 2021 after stepping down from the New Orleans Saints, but the team held onto his rights whilst he was still in contract with the team he spent 15 years with, winning one Super Bowl alongside Drew Brees. Like Brees, he will now coach a smaller quarterback in Wilson, who has been a fan of Payton's for a long time. Wilson left the Seahawks after being asked to be traded, having wanted to play with an offensive-minded coach. READ MORE: NFL star Fred Warner hails Brock Purdy despite 'disappointing' loss https://www.express.co.uk/expressadmin/posts/thanks/1728956/section_id:172 He got that wish last season when Nathaniel Hackett was hired after himself being traded to Denver, but the team hugely struggled after a woeful season - having the fifth worst record in the league and giving a top five draft pick to the Seahawks after the trade. But they will now feel very comfortable moving forward with Payton, although they are set to be without high draft picks until 2024. ESPN reporter Adam Schefter tweeted: "Saints and Broncos are finalizing compensation in return for Super Bowl-winning HC Sean Payton, sources tell ESPN. This clears the way for Payton to sign with the Broncos to become Denver’s next head coach. And so Payton is expected to head to Denver as its next HC. DON'T MISSPatrick Mahomes snaps unwanted NFL streak to secure Super Bowl spotPhiladelphia Eagles star faces Super Bowl suspension after mass brawlSan Francisco 49ers fans slam Jimmy Garoppolo for appearing to laugh "Compensation: Denver’s 2023 first-round pick and next year’s second-round pick for Sean Payton and the Saints’ 2024 third." The Broncos reportedly first held talks with Payton last week, but looked to go elsewhere without giving up draft capital to acquire him, but were left with little choice after other candidates had turned them down, with Jim Harbaugh staying at Michigan, Demeco Ryans joining the Houston Texans and Dan Quinn staying with the Dallas Cowboys.