The actress, 54, shared she has come down with pneumonia and was rushed to A&E. Patsy has now been forced to miss out on skiing as a result, as she holidays with her children abroad. Patsy posted a photo of a table of a cheese board and a big bottle of water as she took time to thank the NHS for their help. She typed: “No skiing for me as I’ve got pneumonia. So spa and steam and thermals up to my eyeballs …. "Thank you to the amazing NHS for taking care of me on the 29th of December at A&E in Southport you are the true hero’s on this planet. Health is paramount," followed by a praying emoji. Patsy, who is set to join the EastEnders cast as Lola Pearce's mum soon, was soon flooded with well wishes shortly after posting about her health woes. Radio DJ Jo Wood wrote: "Oh no Patsy .. speedy recovery". READ MORE: Eva Longoria flaunts figure and flashes legs in see-through dress And Michelle Collins added: " Oh no get well Patsy x". While a fan commented: "Take care, pneumonia is rotten I had it years ago, rest up, stay warm and get well soon". Another wrote: "Speedy recovery Patsy". "Get well soon," a third wrote followed by a red heart emoji. Last week, Patsy looked in high spirits as she posted a glam selfie to wish her followers a "happy Boxing day". Days later, she posted a snap of herself posing in a stunning black dress with puff sleeves, which she matched with a pair of black tights. In the caption, Patsy wrote: "YSL on NYE" followed by a series of star emojis. Last month, it was announced Patsy would be joining the cast of EastEnders and would be making an "explosive" entrance. The London-born actress will take on the role of Emma Harding, who is Lola Pearce's estranged mother. As the news was announced, Patsy said: "I’m so excited to be visiting Walford for this storyline. It has always been a dream to appear in EastEnders. "The cast, producers, writers and crew have been wonderful, and I’ve had a ball." Viewers will learn how Emma left her daughter with Lola’s dad when she was aged just three. Patsy landed her role on the BBC One drama – described as a "short stint" – after saying she would love to be the next Peggy Mitchell. "I’d like to play a really strong matriarch. I’d like to go out with a real bang," she has said. EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw said she was "the perfect fit", adding: "We’re delighted to welcome the wonderfully talented Patsy to the EastEnders family. “She’s the perfect fit to take on the role of such a long-awaited character that we know very little about."