Over time, the build-up of dead skin and body sweat on a mattress can create the perfect environment for mould and dust mites to thrive in. Dust mites can be a trigger for those with allergies and asthma, presenting common symptoms including itchy skin and sneezing. This is why it is extremely important to clean the mattress regularly to prevent them. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms said: “It’s easy to regularly wash the bedding and pillowcases, but many forget the importance of deep cleaning their mattress on a regular occasion. “While it’s often recommended to give it a deep clean every six months, we’re advising everyone to make the clean more regular, every three months in a cycle. “Even if the mattress doesn’t appear to look dirty, it can still be home to dust mites lurking underneath in search of some dead skin cells. “Symptoms which indicate their presence include sneezing, skin rashes and red eyes all of which indicate that you’re allergic to the pests.” READ MORE: I removed window condensation to prevent damp and mould - here’s how If you notice these signs, the expert recommended cleaning the mattress immediately by vacuuming it and sprinkling baking soda on it. However, it isn’t just dust mites Britons need to be aware of, undiscovered mould can result in breathing difficulties as well as life-threatening consequences if untreated. Nic added: “This is why we’re encouraging all homeowners to start giving their mattresses a deep clean.” To clean the mattress, gently brush a mixture of soap and warm water on the mattress and let it sit for around four hours before brushing it off. DON'T MISS:Six methods to protect ‘delicate’ plants from being killed overnight [EXPERT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [COMMENT]Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [INSIGHT] The expert advised against pouring all of the water directly onto the mattress, as this could make a mould problem worse if there is one. While a deep clean is needed every few months, it is ideal to vacuum the mattress on a weekly or fortnightly basis to get rid of dust on the mattress. The bedroom expert said: “Isopropyl or mould spray helps to scrub the mould off, if it’s in a dire condition, call in the professionals to tackle the cleaning job. “But if the problem becomes severe, it may mean you need to replace the mattress entirely.” READ MORE: Cleaning expert shares method to dry wet laundry in ‘four hours’ A mattress protector can help prevent dead skin cells from deepening and collecting on the mattress, lowering the risk of dust mites appearing. Nic recommended purchasing an anti-allergy one which will help prevent dust from causing different health problems. Nic continued: “The typical time to give the mattress a deep clean is every six months, but cutting this to every three months is the most effective way from stopping dust mites and mould from showing up." As well as cleaning the mattress, it is important to regularly wash bedding to get rid of germs, bacteria and pet dander. The pros at Pizza Linens recommended washing all bedding, including pillowcases on a 60C wash. They noted: “This temperature is ideal for killing dust mites and allergens.” It is also important to ensure they dry fully before putting them back into storage or back on the bed. Not doing so can lead to nasty smells and a build-up of bacteria, including potential mould.