The White Lotus star Aubrey Plaza was Saturday Night Live’s guest host this past weekend and quickly had NBC viewers in stitches with her dry humour and hilarious skits. But when the Parks and Recreation actor reprised her role as April Ludgate from the hit sitcom alongside former co-star Amy Poehler’s Leslie Knope, it’s safe to say fans struggled to contain their excitement. The Parks and Rec duo seamlessly slipped back into their characters during SNL’s Weekend Update almost eight years after the show’s series finale. “According to a recent study, local governments are having trouble hiring new employees,” Saturday Night Live star Colin Jost said at the top of the segment to tee up Plaza. “Here to encourage young people to get involved in local government is a long-time employee of Pawnee the city of Indiana, April Ludgate.” The SNL crowd erupted into cheers and applause as Plaza donned April’s typical casual look of a hooded sweatshirt with the hood up. After feigning her dislike for Jost in a series of blunt back-and-forths, April eventually decided the best person to hear from would be her boss, Leslie. READ MORE: NCIS Los Angeles cast ‘incredibly sad’ as CBS series cancelled “You’re annoying me,” Plaza hit out as April. “Just ask my old boss, Leslie Knope.” Once again, applause and cheers filled the studio as Poehler emerged with Leslie’s usual look of joy and eagerness. “Wow, look at this,” Leslie began. “Who knew there were cameras at SNL?” “So you work for the government,” Jost weighed in, prompting Leslie to explain: “Yeah, parks service. “So how much fun is it working here? Do you guys just sit around cracking each other up all day?” Leslie probed. Laughter erupted as fans spotted the irony in Leslie asking the question given Poehler previously worked on the NBC late-night comedy show. Poehler even dished a jibe aimed towards her time on SNL, claiming, as Leslie, she used to watch the show when “Seth Meyers did it alone with no one else”. Keeping up with the act, Plaza donned an embarrassed look synonymous with April’s usual reactions to her boss. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods fans outraged as Danny and Baez romance dealt huge blowThat '90s Show's Wilmer Valderrama hints at Fez spin-off after returnYellowstone star explains why Jamie feared Beth blackmail plot The skit continued with plenty of laughs and the dose of nostalgia for Parks and Rec fans was enough to send the internet into overdrive. Taking to Twitter following the sketch, Chris Collier said: “Amy Poehler reprising her role as Leslie Knope with Aubrey Plaza the Parks and Rec fans have been fed #SNL.” While fellow fan @Eleni624 weighed in: “I would like to say though that aubrey plaza being the guest for my first show AND having a bit about april and leslie, feels like kismet. Little 14 year old eleni with all her parks and rec posters + merch would be screaming rn.” And @salmantonia was even left in tears: “Amy Poehler and Aubrey Plaza playing their parks characters again tonight on SNL made me cry. I love them so much,” followed by crying and love heart emojis. Meanwhile, Kris Williamson added: “April Ludgate and Leslie Knope should have been all of Weekend Update. I would watch an entire episode of SNL where the characters of Parks and Rec take over... actually, I would watch anything involving the characters of Parks and Rec. #SNL." And @TheRealAJ_ echoed: “I'm happy Aubrey Plaza and Amy Poehler reunited again as April Ludgate and Leslie Knope from 'Parks and Recreation'! Brings back memories! #ParksAndRec.” While @amazingashleyp was in disblief: “I love aubrey plaza and parks and rec so much I’m gonna explode i can’t believe it.” (sic) Saturday Night Live airs Saturdays on NBC in the USA.