Both Chelsea and Kailyn starred in series two of Teen Mom, a spin-off show from the fan favourite 16 and Pregnant. Both mums built their family homes and Chelsea, who has just landed her own reality show, Down Home Fab on HGTV, contemplated how working on their homes in tandem would have “been fun”. From MTV to HGTV, the mum-of-four has teamed up with husband Cole DeBoer to share their home renovation journey on their $750,000 mansion in South Dakota. Chelsea has reflected on the missed opportunity to work alongside fellow teen mum Kailyn as she believed they both shared the same “wants” for their family homes. In an exclusive interview with Showbiz Cheatsheet, Chelsea said: “It would have been so fun to work with her on that because she’s got a big family." She continued: “And I feel like I could relate to probably some wants that she has for her house. That would have been fun.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Taking to Twitter in 2019, Kailyn shared her frustration after being forced to relocate from her first family home in Middleton, Delaware, after fans had figured out where she lived. The mum-of-four now lives in Dover and like many homeowners who renovate, Kailyn admitted the process wasn’t easy or smooth. Speaking on the Baby Mamas No Drama podcast she "thought I was really gonna love like the house stuff”, but she came to realise she “hated it”. She added: “I love HGTV and I love watching people do it online and stuff so I thought because of that interest that I was gonna like doing it myself but I hate it.” Thankfully Kailyn crossed the finish line with her renovation and showed off her beautiful home to fans early last year. But Chelsea’s renovation journey was much different as she said the process drew out her creative side. She said: "I honestly think I’ve always had an interest in anything design, whether it been clothes or makeup or home.” She added: ”I just always have found myself so interested in anything to do with that. And so when we were building our house, it was so fun. And I just feel like it brought out a new creative outlet.” DON'T MISS:Power Book 2 stars spark frenzy with season 4 first-lookThe Bachelor hits back after being branded ‘boring’ by fansThe Good Doctor fans ‘in tears’ as Murphies say goodbye to injured dog In the interview, the TV personality expressed how it was helpful that her husband Cole had a background in building. Cole spoke about how the building process has always been “ingrained” in him, as he grew up helping his father on his own home builds when he was younger. He explained: “I guess I just grew up always working on things with my dad and my grandpa and I worked construction for a lot of years and I’ve always just taken on projects of my own around our houses." Chelsea also reflected on what it was like to film Teen Mom versus Down Home Fab on HGTV, she said: “It was a night and day difference from what I was doing before." She continued saying: “It was just a positive feeling and very uplifting. It was focused more on some positive things and wasn’t kind of like down. I guess it was just totally different.” She also acknowledged how she had a full circle moment returning to reality TV with Aubree, her baby from Teen Mom who recently turned 13 years old. She said: “I feel like a lot of people feel like they grew up with her and me also. I mean, it just is incredible to have this support system of people who watched us and cheered us on. It really is an amazing feeling.” Down Home Fab is available to stream on Discovery+ in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK.