Detectives have arrested two men in connection with the murder of Ashley Dale, who was shot dead in her Liverpool home last year. Merseyside Police confirmed a 40-year-old and 28-year-old were arrested on suspicion of murder and possession of a firearm with intent. According to the Liverpool Echo, Officers also arrested detained a third man, 25, in custody on suspicion of assisting an offender. The men are three of 15 arrested in connection with the murder, with no charges brought since officers attended the shooting last year. Ms Dale, 28, was killed on Sunday, August 21, 2022, after a gunman broke into her Leinster Road, Old Swan home and "indiscriminately" fired multiple shots. She was hit in the abdomen and spotted by a neighbour, who called police to the address. Officers found her in her back garden with gunshot wounds, with emergency services also called to the scene. She was taken to hospital but died shortly after arriving. Ms Dale's family issued a plea for help in bringing her killer to justice ahead of Christmas last year. Speaking via Merseyside Police on December 21, which would have been her 29th birthday, they said her death had caused a "devastating" impact on their family. They added that life for them had "become a living nightmare", with her death leaving a "huge hole". The family concluded: "We miss you Ash with all our hearts and vow that justice for 'Our Ash' will be served." Merseyside Police renewed the appeal for information relating to the investigation today. A spokesman said: "If you haven’t already come forward with information, please pass this directly to our investigation team through our online portal: Public Portal (mipp.police.uk)." "This will make sure that your information is received and acted on as quickly as possible by detectives." People can also contact the service via social media at @MerPolCC or call the police non-emergency line on 101. Those who prefer to remain anonymous can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and quote reference 22000615873.