As millions of Britons return to hybrid working this year, a lot more time will be spent at home which naturally, will add to the bills. However, there are ways to keep costs lower and some tips could even afford households with savings up to £1,500, experts have said. At the end of the working day, a key tip that will have a positive impact on electricity bills is to switch off all equipment. Experts from Furniture at Work said: “If you spot any lights on at your desk, it means something is still on standby and could be costing you money.” British Gas found that Britons can save around £147 a year by turning off the appliances that are left on standby. Furniture at Work experts added: “Closing everything properly can also be a clear signal the workday is over, improving your work-life balance.”  READ MORE: British Gas, EON and Bulb offering up to £1,500  As winter settles in and mornings remain dark and gloomy, lights typically get turned on first thing. However, once the sun is up and the natural light floods in, remember to switch them off. According to Furniture at Work, lighting the home makes up 10-15 percent of people’s annual energy bills. For those able to turn the lights off, either when they’re not in the room or when it hits midday, people could potentially save around £25 a year on energy bills, Energy Saving Trust (EST) has found.  DON'T MISS: Millions of Britons poised for £500 energy bill boost [INSIGHT]Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Make this small change to save money on your Netflix bill [EXPLAINED]    Working from home can also mean more tea and coffee runs. However, boiling a full kettle can cost up to eight pence each time and while this doesn't seem like much, it can get expensive for tea or coffee lovers. Furniture at Work experts said: “Instead of boiling the kettle each time, fill your kettle up before turning it on and pour the water into a flask. The flask will keep the extra water heated and ready for the next time you fancy a brew.” Those spending more time at home may also see their food bills increase to cover lunches and snacks throughout the day. One of the best ways to save is by “supermarket downshifting”, which refers to dropping down a product level.  READ MORE: Gas prices drop to pre-Ukraine war level but households still burdened  Furniture at Work experts said: “Making smart food swaps can save hundreds on shopping, and you might find that supermarket brands taste very similar to your favourite premium brands.” According to Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis, downshifting can reduce food bills by as much as 30 percent. Even if only half of the items are swapped, this can still make a 15 percent saving, which could be worth thousands over a year. Having the TV on in the background can prove quite costly over the months but fortunately, there are a few ways tips people can take on to fix this. Firstly, experts suggest not leaving the TV on standby. Energy experts at Utilita said that leaving the TV on standby can cost up to 28p an hour, which can potentially mount up to £25 a year.  Furniture at Work experts also suggested adjusting the TV brightness to help reduce power consumption or to try putting on the radio, music or a podcast instead. Holly Herbert at webuyanyhouse previously told The Mirror that moving the sofa even six inches away from the radiator can help save a staggering £125 a year. Furniture at Work experts explained: “This is because your sofa or any bulky furniture will absorb a percentage of heat emitted from your radiator. This means you'll have to heat your home for longer, adding to your bill. It’s best whilst it’s winter season, to have a little reshuffle to improve your energy efficiency.” 