The singer, 42, was performing in Cinderella as one of the Ugly Sisters in Lincoln during last year's festive period when she fell on stage during the last night of the show's run. Writing in her column for New Magazine, she said: “I was walking off the wings and I fell down a platform after tripping over.”   “I really hurt my foot, I was crying in pain.”   Kerry then revealed that it was her daughter Lily,19, who came to her rescue after the particularly nasty fall.   Her daughter took over the role and described her stand-in as “amazing".  READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes over Meghan’s rejection of Jeremy Clarkson apology On using Lily as her replacement for the pantomime finale, she wrote: “She literally had five minutes to get changed and get one stage.”  “I was blown away by her. Thank God she was able to save the day!!”   Lily is Kerry’s second child who she shares with former Westlife singer Brian McFadden.   But there was more misery for the Whole Again singer, as she also shared that a scheduled stomach and eyelid surgery was cancelled at the last minute. The mum-of-five said she was left “crying her eyes out.”   Writing for OK! she told readers that she had been struck down with a nasty virus that “ruined her Christmas".   With the former Atomic Kitten singer being so poorly, doctors refused to perform any surgery until she gets better.   “I have booked the whole of January off around this surgery, but as you all know I was really poorly over Christmas.     DONT MISS: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss 'Most beautiful woman in world' Gina Lollobrigida has died Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' “The doctor saw on my notes that I’d been on antibiotics and, because of that I couldn't go under as they have to be 100 per cent sure I’ll be ok.”   She continued: “I was crying my eyes out. I’m at home. I’ve cancelled all my work for weeks.”   “But fair play to them for thinking about my health first.”   Kerry also admitted that she is sick to death of being ill. In December she took to her Instagram page to post a video about being fed up with moaning about her health.   She said: “I am sick to death of moaning and complaining about being poorly.”  “I ruined my whole panto experience. It’s ruined my Christmas. It’s really got me down because I am normally the person who is full of morale and keeps the energy up.”  “All I'm doing is moaning and complaining. I just want to feel better because I haven't got long left [in panto] and I haven't enjoyed it, because I've been so bloody poorly.”  “I'm sick of bloody moaning about it."