The state pension age is currently 66, but increases are planned to 67 and 68 in future - with the speed of the implementation currently under review. The ongoing state pension age review is to consider a number of rules around pensionable age, and whether they are appropriate. Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter, told Express.co.uk: “Life expectancy already plays a significant role in determining the state pension age, though it does not currently take into account the disparities between different regions. “This results in some being at an automatic disadvantage.” The announcement of the review stated the number of people over state pension age is “increasing” as people “on average are living longer”. However, as Mr Greer highlighted, growth has “stalled somewhat”, potentially undermining this rationale. READ MORE: Pensioner claims payment worth £3,500 and it ‘changed her life’ As the state pension age is likely to increase, the concept of life expectancy is likely to continue to weigh heavily on the decision-making process. Mr Greer continued: “However, there are material discrepancies in life expectancy – particularly in terms of the regions in which people live. “These mean some of the population will end up not benefiting as much as others despite paying similar National Insurance during their working lives. “However, taking these disparities into account and producing a differing state pension age based on where people live would be incredibly complex to implement. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak may address ’thornier pension issues’ in 2023 [ANALYSIS]DWP warning as £301 cost of living fraud targets Britons [INSIGHT]Dragons’ Den cast ‘impressed’ as entrepreneur tackles ‘tough time’ [LATEST] “It may still not reach those who are disadvantaged in the way it would be intended.” Recent life expectancy data has illustrated a widening gap between the most and least deprived areas of the country. According to the Office for Health Improvements and Disparities, the average life expectancy in the North East is 77 for a man and 81 for a woman. In this area, the gap between most and least deprived quintiles is 10.4 years for a man and 8.1 for a woman. READ MORE: UK residents aged 45 to 70 urged to check state pension now However, in the South West, for instance, the average life expectancy is 80 for a man and 83.8 for a woman. The gap between most and least deprived quintiles is 6.3 and 4.7 years respectively. There have been several proposals in recent years to address the ways in which the Government could tackle differences and disparities between areas of the UK. Mr Greer continued: “This includes introducing a more flexible approach that would allow people to take their state pension income earlier, perhaps at a reduced rate, in the same way that there is currently an option to delay the receipt of these payments in favour of a higher level of income when it is accessed. “This approach could support a wide array of people, not only those from regions with a lower life expectancy, but also those with terminal or life-limiting illness who are facing additional care costs and a cost-of-living crisis all while being unable to access the state pension benefits that they will unlikely ever see. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The problem cited with such approaches, is the complexity of administration and may be a barrier to such alternatives. “There are many avenues the Government could opt to explore. “But ultimately its decision should be based on which will provide the best level of support in a way that is both sustainable and fair.” A DWP spokesperson has told Express.co.uk “no decision” has yet been taken on the state pension age. The review will continue to consider “latest life expectancy data and two independent reports” before it provides feedback in “early 2023”.