Chelsea will reportedly not be able to exploit a Financial Fair Play ‘loophole’ if they are successful in their pursuit of Benfica star Enzo Fernandez. The Argentina international is proving hot property this month, though the Blues lead the race to land his signature. Chelsea are expected to be one of the biggest spenders in Europe in the January transfer window, with Todd Boehly willing to back Graham Potter well over the coming years. The former Brighton boss left his position on the south coast with the promise of being able to splash the cash, and it remains to be seen how big of a budget he is granted. The Stamford Bridge outfit are in the market for reinforcements in all of their main departments despite spending in excess of £250m in the summer, with a deal now reached to sign centre-back Benoit Badiashile of Monaco. Acquiring a midfielder is a priority for Potter, and Fernandez has been identified as his top target. Benfica are not willing to allow their talented prospect to leave unless his release clause (£105million) is met – or a fee significantly close to that. Of course, that will make a significant dent in their accounts, and CBS Sports report that there is no way of avoiding that courtesy of loopholes. The transfer would not be able to be filed under ‘youth development’ meaning that it will impact Chelsea’s further spending. The transfer fee, as well as those to agents, will ‘count on the books’. The Blues have also reportedly agreed to sign Christopher Nkunku for £63m, which has led some opposition supporters to question where their spending spree will conclude given FFP regulations. With numerous players set to arrive, a clearout could balance the books. Edouard Mendy is among those to be linked with an exit from the club, having fallen behind Kepa Arrizabalaga in the pecking order since the arrival of Potter. The Senegalese shot-stopper was one of the first names on the team sheet under Thomas Tuchel and would like to return to being first-choice elsewhere, fearful that he will not be able to return to being No 1 under the ex-Swansea manager. Forwards Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic are also thought to be surplus to requirements and could be shown the door, with more attackers set to arrive in the upcoming windows. Pulisic was linked with a move to Manchester United previously on loan, though other clubs could be tempted to arrive with concrete offers – such as Newcastle.