Sport's obsessions with identifying the 'next big thing' is an age-old tradition, and spotting potential is as important in tennis as any other discipline. That being said, Novak Djokovic has identified two talents he believes have still not received the attention they deserve early in their careers. Spanish starlet Carlos Alcaraz is an obvious 'one to watch' given the U.S. Open-winner ended 2022 as the world's top-ranked player at just 19 years of age. Djokovic hailed world No. 1 Holger Rune as another straightforward selection to keep an eye on among the next generation, though two other players in particular have caught his eye in that regard. "What Alcaraz has done last season has been extremely impressive and historic for our sport, so he deserves praise, no doubt," the Serb told reporters following Wednesday's win over Quentin Halys at the Adelaide International 1. "He's already now. . .he's No. 1 in the world. There's no higher peak to climb than that one, and already won a Slam, and he's still so young. "I guess we're going to see lots of Alcaraz and Rune in the future. Then Felix [Auger-Aliassime], I think he's probably playing the tennis of his life in the last five, six months. Maybe because of Rune and Alcaraz, people don't talk maybe as much about Felix because he's been around a bit longer, but I think he deserves to be right there in the conversation right at the top with these guys, and [Lorenzo] Musetti, as well, you mentioned, someone that is putting his game together, I think is gaining more confidence and is improving." READ MORE Novak Djokovic 'congratulates' opponent despite Serb winning Adelaide International clash  Auger-Aliassime, 22, enjoyed a particularly prolific 2022 in regards to the team events, notching a win over Spain's Alcaraz en route to Canada's first Davis Cup crown. He also added the Laver Cup and ATP Cup to his list of credentials and improved his head-to-head record against world No. 1 Alcaraz to 3-0 along the way. Musetti, 20, struggled to make a mark at any of last year's majors, though he did beat elite opposition in Alcaraz and Matteo Berrettini to win each of his first two ATP finals in Hamburg and Naples, respectively. He also defeated both Casper Ruud and Marin Cilic during an impressive run at the 2022 Paris Masters, with every sign suggesting he's capable of moving up from his current career-high ranking of 23. Djokovic knows a thing or two about handling pressure in those early stages of one's career given he was only 20 when he clinched his maiden major. Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer had claimed 11 straight Grand Slam titles between them prior to his breakthrough triumph at the 2008 Australian Open, and he's since gone on to win the Melbourne major on eight more occasions. DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic 'makes offer to Nick Kyrgios' as rivalry put to one side in Australia Australian Open officials 'don't know where' Naomi Osaka is 11 days out from tournament Casper Ruud announces decision to take break from tennis after Australian Open    The 35-year-old is a rare example of such early potential sustaining itself in the long term given he's still very much in the frame for tennis' top prizes 15 years later. Djokovic went on to note he's seen 'many talents come through the years,' but the only way is up for quality prospects like Alcaraz, Rune, Musetti and Auger-Aliassime. "They have really good personalities. I have a good relationship with all of them," added the 21-time major-winner. "I think it's nice for tennis because we need -- other than great tennis players, we also need good personalities, good characters, guys that know the game, respect the game, carry also the weight of the top players in this sport in a proper manner because they are ambassadors of our sport, and I think that's something that over the time they will understand better."