A former family GP has been sentenced received two more life sentences for sexually assaulting women during check-ups which were later proven to be unnecessary. Manish Shah, 53, was found guilty last month of 25 sexual assaults at his GP clinic - meaning the ex-doctor has now been convicted of a total of 115 offences of sexual assault and assault by penetration, against 28 women aged between 15 and 34. The court heard Shah persuaded female patients of his clinic in Romford, East London, to undergo unnecessary intimate examinations for his own gratification over four years, starting in 2009 and ending in July 2013. The predator was already serving three life sentences for 90 previous offences when he was sentenced to two more today. These life sentences relate to offences against the two youngest victims - who were aged 15 and 17 when Shah began to abuse them. In victim impact statements, the youngest victim said she was told by Shah that she was his "favourite" and "would do well in modelling", while also warning her she might get cancer. Earlier in the trial jurors had been told Shah was a "well regarded" GP partner, and his appointments at the Mawney Road surgery were often fully booked. However, the court later heard he exploited fears of cancer, taking advantage of his position of trust as a GP, to persuade women to have invasive examinations when there was no need for them. He also used high-profile celebrity cases to persuade female patients to have intrusive examinations. Victims consistently reported the same pattern of behaviour by the GP, adding he at first seemed to be a good doctor, friendly and caring. But he would then convince victims they would need extra examinations to explore if there was anything more serious about the minor conditions they had attended for. He also went against protocol by not offering chaperones to join the victims during their appointments - meaning they were alone as he carried them out. In the 15-year-old victim’s statement, she said the doctor’s sexual assaults "have haunted me for 12 years, affecting very important years of my growth from youth to womanhood." She said that prior to the abuse she had been "confident" and "innocent", but was left "violated and insecure" by the experience. The victim added she had been forced to move away from the Romford area for her own protection. READ MORE: Horror as five, including three minors, found dead in ‘murder suicide’ [REVEAL] She said she had been "verbally abused" and intimidated by those who would not believe her. She called on Shah to acknowledge the "mind blowing" damage he caused by his "sick and twisted" behaviour. Sentencing, Judge Peter Rook said Shah remained a "danger to women" and his behaviour caused "long term psychological damage" to his victims. He sentenced Shah to two life terms with a minimum of 10 years, to run concurrently with the earlier sentences. DON'T MISS: Idaho suspect believed to have posted 'creepy' details of case online [REVEAL]'Blood-stained' mattress hauled out of Idaho house [INSIGHT]Paedophile ring abused children in Glasgow for 10 years, court hears [ANALYSIS] He also imposed further jail terms for the other offences, to also run concurrently with the life sentences. Detective Chief Inspector Tariq Farooqi said: "Shah is a serial predator and someone who has targeted and caused great harm and pain to many people. We do not tolerate violence against women and girls in any form and I hope this serves as another reminder that those who commit such offences will be found and justice will be served. "I ask any person who is a victim of rape or sexual assault, regardless of when it happened to report it to police. We will treat your allegations seriously and support you throughout the process."