Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) promised her daughter Lily Slater (Lilia Turner) she would keep her pregnancy secret from Martin Fowler (James Bye) who raised Lily as his own. However, the truth will soon be revealed in next week’s EastEnders episodes as the parents are forced to come together for the sake of their daughter in the BBC soap. eastenders EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the storylines fans can expect in the new year. He said: “We’ve got a big story for Stacey and Martin that kicks off at New Year. “It’s something I don’t really want to say too much about but Lacey and James are at the centre of that and they’ll obviously shine.” EastEnders fans found out Lily was pregnant on New Year’s Day when doctors informed Stacey of the shocking news. Read more: EastEnders fans 'work out' the real father of Lily Slater's baby  Lily clashed with her mum after finding out she’d spoken to Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) but subsequently opened up and revealed the identity of her baby’s father. After promising her daughter she wouldn’t tell anyone Ricky Jr (Frankie Day) was the father, Stacey admitted to Jean she was afraid she’d have to go back on her word. In next week’s episodes, the truth of Lily’s pregnancy will be revealed to the family. Investigators refuse to accept Lily is safe until the identity of the father is confirmed. Martin will undoubtably be furious when he discovers Stacey kept such a huge secret from him. Will the two be able to come together for the sake of Lily and protect her? EastEnders executive producer Chris teased a “big story” for Stacey and Martin but did not mention Lily. This could mean Stacey and Martin may grow closer in the following months as they support their daughter. DON'T MISSEastEnders heartbreak as Lola Pearce gives update [SPOILER]EastEnders' Ricky Jr actor Frankie Day joined the cast in 2018 [INSIGHT]EastEnders fans 'work out' Freddie Slater lie after Lily pregnancy [THEORY] In a recent interview, Lacey opened up on why Stacey agreed to keep Lily’s pregnancy from Martin. She said: “Stacey is treading on eggshells. She needs to find out from Lily how this happened, who the father is, and all the details. “But to do that, she needs to build trust with Lily, and if her daughter wants it to be a secret, then Stacey will keep it secret. “That’s why she doesn’t confide in Martin because she’s just trying to get the information and build that trust and not break it.” Meanwhile, in other Slater news, Stacey begin to panics about money after the Panesars decided to put their rent up. Things get worse when the bap van breaks down and later, Lily overhears Stacey telling Jean she’s not sure how they’ll get through this. Jean bans Stacey from throwing her a party for her 60th birthday because the family simply can’t afford it. However, later in the week, Harvey comes up with an idea to solve the Slaters’ money problems. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.