A Manchester United employee has reportedly shut down talk of Joao Felix potentially arriving this month. The Atletico Madrid star has been tipped to move to Old Trafford in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. However, while a deal for the 23-year-old looks unlikely, Wout Weghorst is expected to sign on the dotted line. Manchester United have been crying out for a new striker ever since the departure of Ronaldo, who was cut loose back in November. And while Weghorst is expected to move to Old Trafford, Felix continues to be linked as well. The 23-year-old will be allowed to leave Atletico Madrid on loan this month having fallen out with Diego Simeone over in La Liga. But while there’s a clamouring among fans that United should move for Felix, a deal doesn’t appear imminent. According to the Manchester Evening News, a staff member responded to rumours by saying ‘you're taking someone's problem’ regarding such a player. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And with United appearing to be distancing themselves from talk of a deal for Felix, it’ll be interesting to see where he ends up. Arsenal have been linked with the 23-year-old as well, with the Gunners hunting a temporary replacement for the injured Gabriel Jesus. Mykhalyo Mudryk is their priority at the current moment in time, however, with the Shakhtar Donetsk star hoping to move to the Emirates Stadium. Chelsea have also emerged as potential suitors for Felix as they eye an upgrade on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Yet with the Blues’ season under Graham Potter going from bad to worse, they may face a fight when it comes to the striker potentially heading to the capital. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see For United, all signs point to Weghorst being their only outfield signing of the January transfer window. The Red Devils feel he’s got what it takes to shine in England, despite struggling for Burnley last season. They feel his prowess in the area will offer a new dimension to his attack, with United lacking a target man up top. And they also think Weghorst has the right temperament, too, with Ten Hag regularly saying he wants the right characters at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, former United coach Rene Meulensteen has been asked about the club potentially bringing in the Netherlands international. And he said: "He is different, that is why Ten Hag is bringing him in. “He offers something else that the other Manchester United forwards don't have - but I don't think he will be a starter every game. “He is tall, standing at 6ft 6in, and if United need to go a bit more direct and play off the knockdown, he is the type of guy that can offer that in the box. “He is good at link-up play too, you can give him the ball then play through him. “He is a good character who is determined, a hard worker and a fighter - those are his biggest traits. “He is a nice lad too and there is no nonsense with him - Weghorst will put a shift in for the team. “He possesses all the qualities Ten Hag wants in a player and so will fit in at United."