Tom Cruise exploded in cinemas last year with a sequel to Top Gun that was almost 40 years in the making: Top Gun: Maverick. Since the film's release, fans have been calling for yet another addition to the franchise - and producer Jerry Bruckheimer has just given a new update on its existence. However, the upcoming Mission: Impossible movie seems to be pushing it back. Bruckheimer is best known for putting Johnny Depp on screen as Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. During a recent red carpet, the producer was cornered by a reporter who quizzed him: "So when is the sequel to the sequel being shot?" Bruckheimer replied: "You tell me." Undeterred, the reporter pressed on: "Yes, you have an idea. That’s your job. Is it going to happen?" Bruckheimer vaguely added: "We’ll see. You’ll never know." Thankfully, he did go on to speak further about the Top Gun franchise. When quizzed on if he had spoken with Cruise about a threequel, Bruckheimer said: "Not yet. He’s in the middle of shooting Mission Impossible [Dead Reckoning - Part One]. He’s got a lot of very difficult hard stunts he’s doing, so it’s not the time to take his attention away from what is important to him right now." It seems Top Gun 3 is certainly on the table, but Cruise needs to take a break from jumping out of helicopters before he begins working on yet another adventure with the US Naval Aviators. Cruise has already reportedly begun talking about a Top Gun: Maverick sequel behind the scenes, however. Newcomer to the series, Miles Teller, recently spoke candidly about returning to the big screen once again as Rooster. DON'T MISS...'Too tiny' Jack Reacher author on Tom Cruise height controversy [NEWS]Kenny Loggins on real reason he wrote Top Gun’s Volleyball song [INFO]Top Gun Maverick free stream - Two simple ways to watch box office hit [INSIGHT] Teller said of a sequel: "That would be great, but that's all up to TC. It's all up to Tom." He then admitted: "I've been having some conversations with him about it. We'll see." The 35-year-old then spoke candidly about the "opportunity" Cruise gave him to star in the movie. He said: "For him to share Top Gun with me and a lot of these other young actors it's just been such a wild ride, and it's still going." Cruise himself recently gave an update about the movie, months after it hit cinemas back in April, 2022. Cruise posted a video on his social media accounts where he was hanging from a helicopter. He said: "Hey everyone, Here we are over sunny South Africa. And we’re filming Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning parts one and two. I didn’t want the year to end without thanking you all for coming out to the theatres, and thank you for supporting Top Gun: Maverick." His comments followed the news that Top Gun: Maverick had surpassed the $1 billion mark at the box office. After jumping out of the helicopter, Cruise added: "As always, thank you for allowing us to entertain you. It truly is the honour of a lifetime. [I'm] very lucky." Top Gun: Maverick is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE / SOURCE