TikTok content creator Sammie Bromley uses her TikTok @sams_sparkle_cleaning account to show off her amazing cleaning tips, tricks, and hacks. The mum-of-three runs her own cleaning business, and so knows a thing or two. She was wowed by the difference in her windows when she used a hack to stop condensation. Sammie said: "I got a dehumidifier and coated the windows with washing-up liquid. The results are amazing." She exclaimed: "(We) suffered with condensation for so many years in the winter, causing mould. We brought a dehumidifier due to so many people advising one and used the hack with the washing up liquid." How do these two methods work? A dehumidifier is a machine that takes moisture from the air and is very useful in wet homes and during the winter. As people try to avoid heating their homes this winter due to the cost of living crisis, many are finding their property is damper as a result. However, these machines can help reduce the effects. READ MORE: Stop condensation on windows with woman's ingenious and cheap DIY dehumidifier hack Washing up liquid on the windows, on the other hand, is a trick recommended by cleaning expert Lynsey Crombie. She shared the method on TikTok and "swears by it". She said: "You’ll never believe it, but this old-school tip is amazing to stop window condensation! My mum told me about this last week I shared in my stories. "The following day they literally blow up with loads of you having amazing results. To prevent condensation on your windows this time of year just simply rub a tiny drop of neat washing-up liquid using a dry cloth all over the affected windows and this will stop the condensation leaving you with dry windows in the morning." TikTok users chimed in the comments to share how they deal with their dampness. One bemoaned: "Black mould and condensation have never been this bad in my house but this winter it's so bad." DON'T MISSTwo simple methods to stop condensation forming on your bedroom windows [TIPS] Mum's 'b***** brilliant' £2.23 condensation hack [REAL LIFE] Battle condensation with mum's genius solution - 'I’m on a mission' [HACK] Julie found success with the same hacks and Sammie, and said: "Yes I’ve done same...dehumidifier and washing up liquid on windows...it works." Lucy Scrafton said: "Keep all doors open around the house, it helps massively, and the dehumidifier plugged in by window in front room." One wrote, "I have the same unit! Such a good investment". Another said they swear by the "Karcher window vacuum and a decent dehumidifier." "Another option is to open the windows regularly," one commenter said. "Bad for energy use but regularizes the humidity."