Lady Victoria Hervey joined Dan Wootton on his GB News show on Wednesday to explain why she believes the infamous photograph of Prince Andrew, Virginia Giuffre and Ghislaine Maxwell is a “fake”. The socialite claimed she knows how the photograph came to light and the person responsible for taking it. Dan began: “I know you’re going to disagree with me on this but I don’t trust Ghislaine Maxwell that this photo is fake. I think the photo is real. What proof do you have that the photo is fake?” The GB News host pointed out “even Andrew didn't say it was a fake when he [was interview]”. “He said it's a photo of a photo of a photo,” she replied as Dan interrupted: “That doesn’t make it fake.” “I want to clarify something because when I've been on TV other times, people always say it's Photoshop,” Lady Victoria continued. Read more: Prince Harry's 'hatchet job attack' on the Royals blasted “So when I spoken to the person that actually taken the photos, he took the photos. “He's explained it to me how he did it, and he actually showed it to me the last time I was in London, I met up with this person.” Lady Victoria claimed the photographer took separate photos of those present in the image and “cut them out” with something similar to “razor blade” before putting “them back onto the background”. “It's amazing,” she continued. “He made it for me it looked like a puzzle, and then he rephotographed it exactly like we thought and then it's been rephotographed three times. Dan asked: “But have you researched the circumstances of how this photo actually came into the public domain. It was actually quite coincidental… Virginia Giuffre would have had to be a genius, to coincidentally have this fake photo.” “The guy who photographed it recently admitted to me that he actually put it together as well,” Lady Victoria claimed “But he was worried because he has a criminal record and so he was terrified that he was going to go to jail for it coming forward.” The GB News host continued to probe Lady Victoria on the motivations for faking the photograph. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan won’t ‘play the victim’ as he opens up on father’s death [INTERVIEW]Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes fumes 'women want change if it doesn't go their way' [INSIGHT] The Duke of York’s ex-girlfriend claimed the photographer was “bribed” and pressured into creating the image. Andrew is reportedly hoping to overturn his £3million settlement with Virginia. Last year, the Duke of York was accused of sexual assault by Jeffrey Epstein victim Virginia. He was subsequently stripped off his HRH title and has retired from public life. Virginia alleges that she was forced to have sex with the Duke of York aged 17 by convicted sex offender Ghislaine Maxwell. Andrew has always vehemently denied these accusations. In February, last year, Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement of around £3million to Virginia which included damages and a donation to her charity in “support of victims’ rights”. Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.