 Britney Spears, 41, and Sam Asghari, 28, were spotted in a California restaurant on Friday night, with reports indicating the singer caused a scene and was acting “manic”. Following the reports, Sam defended his wife over social media while employees of the restaurant also publicly denied the reported chaos.  The elusive pop singer has been rarely spotted in public over the past year, keeping her fans updated with her life via Instagram instead. However, Britney’s reclusiveness has caused some to theorise she had gone missing or had been placed under another type of conservatorship and that someone else was running her accounts to keep up appearances. On Friday night this proved to not be the case as the singer was spotted out for dinner with her husband Sam at a Woodland Hills restaurant in California. Eyewitnesses reportedly told TMZ that the singer “caused a scene” at the establishment as she began acting “manic” and “talking gibberish” as the outlet described it as a “bizarre meltdown”. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' as star admits he 'can't get over' wife's heartbreaking loss  The sources claimed that Sam then “stormed out” of the restaurant once Britney began “yelling”. Britney then reportedly also left the restaurant with her bodyguard, who later returned to pay the couples’ bill. The article was accompanied with a video clip from one of the diners, which showed Britney getting visibly irritated with being filmed and using a menu to shield her face from the camera. Shortly after the article was posted, Sam took to his Instagram stories simply declaring: “Don’t believe what you read online people”.     On Sunday, Sam was filmed by paparazzi who questioned him about what really happened at the restaurant. The personal trainer took the chance to publicly explain that his wife had simply become upset because many of the patrons in the restaurant had taken out their phones to film and take photos of her. As he saw his wife growing more and more distressed, Sam did not “storm out” but rather went to get the car so she could have a speedy escape. Sam admitted he understood that “fame comes with the territory” but confessed: “It’s frustrating.”  He added: “When you sit down to have a meal and people get their cameras out and start filming you, it’s disrespectful.” An employee from the restaurant supported Sam’s recollection of Friday night, as they told Page Six that although there was something of a scene, it wasn’t Britney causing it. They told the outlet: “The disruptor wasn’t Britney — it was the diner who taunted her by taking a video without consent.” Britney also posted her own response over the weekend, as she shared a clip of herself dancing before showing her middle finger to the camera. On Monday morning the Toxic singer brutally slammed the reports, addressing them outright, once again on Instagram.  The pop star posted a cartoon drawing of a breakfast table, with a vicious caption filled with expletives saying: “I’m sure I brought a billion SMILES to me LOOKING LIKE SHREK at a restaurant. “I know the news is all hyped about me being a little drunk at a restaurant … it’s like they’ll be WATCHING MY EVERY MOVE!!! “I’m so flattered they talk about me like a maniac THEN have the balls to talk about all the negative things that happened in my past!!! “I know y’all are rooting for me and all and make sure you check out the shocking Shrek picture of me … I was like damn that’s horrific yet there were two pics where I was normal.” she added with a sceptical-looking emoji.