Liverpool hero Robbie Fowler is worried that Jude Bellingham may be inspired by his former teammate Steve McManaman to choose Real Madrid as his next club over the Reds. Bellingham is a man in high demand following his superb recent performances for Borussia Dortmund and England. The 19-year-old midfielder looks almost certain for a big-money move in the near future, with practically every elite club around Europe sniffing around his signature. Bellingham already has experience of playing abroad following his decision to snub Manchester United in favour of Dortmund back in 2020. And McManaman is another player who thrived by leaving England, going on to leave Liverpool for Real, where he played for four seasons between 1999-2003 and won two Champions Leagues and two La Liga titles. Speaking to The Mirror, Fowler suggested that Bellingham may also find the lure of the white Madrid shirt too tempting to turn down if he is offered the opportunity to ply his trade at the Bernabeu. "Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United would all love to bring Borussia Dortmund’s brilliant midfielder ‘home’ to the Premier League," he said.  "But the news that Real Madrid also have designs on taking Bellingham off Dortmund’s hands has added another tantalising twist to the plot. Madrid are said to be “confident” that they will win the race, according to the latest reports from Spain. But they would think that, wouldn’t they? After all, they’re Real Madrid and are used to getting what they want. "But the reality is that the irresistible lure of wearing that gleaming all-white kit at the Bernabeu every other week is much more than just another footballing cliche. I saw how my mate Steve McManaman had his head turned by the chance to move to Madrid back in 1999. "Steve loved playing for Liverpool. They would have given him a contract for life to stay at Anfield. But when Real made their play it was a game-changer. Steve knew it was an offer he couldn’t refuse - and he spent the next four years winning Champions League and La Liga titles playing alongside Galacticos like Ronaldo, Zidane, Figo, Raul and Eto’o."  Fowler also thinks Bellingham can learn a lot from the way McManaman threw himself into the Spanish culture if he wants to be a success at Madrid. "The key to Steve’s success was that he embraced everything - from the Spanish language and culture to learning about the glorious history of his new club," he added. "He became a hugely popular figure in a dressing room full of megastars. And that’s why Bellingham’s spectacular development at Dortmund has been so impressive. Steve was 27 when he went to Spain. He was a seasoned England international at the peak of his powers who knew what was required to settle into a dressing room packed with top players because he had spent a decade at Anfield. "Bellingham moved to Germany barely a year after leaving school. But he opened himself up fully to a new language and lifestyle off the pitch. And the passion he has shown wearing Dortmund’s famous yellow shirt has made him a hero with the club’s fanatical supporters. Bellingham would improve any team in the world."