Philippe Coutinho was ridiculed by Stevenage’s official Twitter page during Aston Villa’s shock 2-1 defeat to the League Two side in the FA Cup. The Brazilian’s poor form continued in the third round fixture leading to his early substitution in the 66th minute with the Boro’s social media team joking he was stuck inside defender Luther James-Wildin's ‘back pocket’. Villa looked to be on the verge of securing their place in the fourth round despite a subpar performance after Morgan Sanson’s first half goal put them in control of the tie. However, their hopes of lifting the trophy for the first time since 1957 evaporated in the last five minutes. Leander Dendoncker gave away a penalty and was sent off after hauling down Stevenage striker Dean Campbell with Jamie Reid converting from the spot. Campbell then sealed a famous win, finding the bottom corner following a short corner in the 90th minute. Coutinho was not on the pitch when the game was lost but he failed to have any impact while he was participating. The Stevenage social media team cottoned on to this when the 68-time international was subbed halfway through the second-half, joking that he had been ‘pocketed’ by right-back James-Wildin. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A tweet relating to the 30-year-old’s substitution read: “Philippe Coutinho comes off. The substitution took longer than usual as they had to dig him out of Luther James-Wildin's back pocket.” The result at Villa Park was arguably the biggest shock of the FA Cup weekend which also saw Newcastle lose to Sheffield Wednesday and Nottingham Forest get thrashed by Championship strugglers Blackpool. Stevenage boss Steve Evans suggested Villa players were scared of losing to his side as he praised his players for how hard they worked over the 90 minutes. “We wanted to make Villa work as hard as they would against Arsenal, Manchester City or Manchester United and maybe some of them forgot to do that late on, though some of them haven’t played 90 minutes very often,” he said. “There was probably a bit of fear. We equalised with 88 minutes on the clock. We went to three up front and had a couple of attacks that didn’t come to anything.” Villa will look to get back to winning ways when the Premier League gets back underway next week with the club hosting Leeds in a bottom-half clash.