Leeds United are closing in on their third signing of the January transfer window after 'surpassing everyone' in the race to sign Angers midfielder Azzedine Ounahi. Jesse Marsch is bolstering his squad this month ahead of what's shaping up to be another battle for Premier League survival. Ounahi garnered mass interest with his impressive 2022 World Cup exploits in Qatar, where he helped Morocco reach the semi-finals. And despite Leicester City and Napoli also entering the frame for his signature, Leeds are reportedly in the driver's seat. According to Il Mattino, the Whites have blown their competitors out of the water with a 'maxi offer' worth around £22million. It eclipses the £16m that Leicester offered earlier in the month after Angers used intermediaries to bump up their valuation. Ounahi is said to prioritise a switch to Napoli before the winter deadline, but the Serie A leaders have frozen their interest after Angers triggered an auction among Premier League clubs. And they are now considered 'very far away' from signing the 22-year-old because they don't plan to compete financially with Leeds. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The Elland Road outfit have been busy reinforcing Marsch's ranks after a difficult start to their third season back in the top flight. Leeds returned to RB Salzburg to complete an £11m deal for 24-year-old Austrian centre-back Max Wober in the opening days of the window. Last week, they signed Hoffenheim striker Georginio Rutter for a club-record £36m fee to provide Marsch with another attacking option. The 20-year-old scored 11 goals in 64 appearances for the Bundesliga side after joining from Rennes in 2021. READ MORE: Jose Mourinho takes aim at Chelsea over £87m Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer  Ounahi may be Leeds' priority midway through the January transfer window, but Marsch could quickly wrap up his fourth capture of the month after the highly-rated Moroccan. According to HLN, Leeds are hopeful of completing the signing of Club Brugge goalkeeper Senne Lammens after entering the final six months of his contract. The 20-year-old is being eyed as Illan Meslier's backup for the remainder of the campaign and potentially his replacement amid continued links to a high-profile transfer away from west Yorkshire. Marsch will hope fresh faces this month can help him steer Leeds away from the relegation scrap earlier than on the final day this season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here