EastEnders' Mick Carter (played by Danny Dyer) was last seen swimming out to sea to rescue his beloved ex-wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) after the car she was in was driven over a cliff by Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Although Linda had to come to terms with the loss of Mick quickly for the sake of her children, she’ll be rocked when the police show up in Walford. In next week’s episodes, the Slaters’ money worsen as Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) looks for work. However, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) refuse to employ him. Alfie handed over the keys to The Vic when Denise Fox (Diane Parish) wanted to check in on Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and decides to get them back. He plans to reopen the pub to help Linda but Denise is horrified when she realises what he’s done. Read more: EastEnders fans fear for Lily Slater as secret could lead to exit In next week’s episodes, the Slaters’ money worsen as Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) looks for work. However, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) refuse to employ him. Alfie handed over the keys to The Vic when Denise Fox (Diane Parish) wanted to check in on Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and decides to get them back. He plans to reopen the pub to help Linda but Denise is horrified when she realises what he’s done. Alfie insists he’s doing this for Linda but the Fox matriarch is not impressed. She hits out at Alfie just as Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) lets slip that Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) is handing out free drinks. Denise demands Patrick gets everyone to pay up while Alfie is inspired to throw a summer party. He reasons the event will be the perfect thing to get the tills ringing and help Linda move forward with The Vic. Meanwhile, Kim tells Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) that The Vic is open and she makes a call. Back at the pub, things are going brilliantly as Alfie makes himself comfortable behind the bar. However, just as the party is in full swing, Linda bursts in mortified. Sharon takes Annie and Ollie back to hers as the landlady furiously lashes out at Alfie. DON'T MISSEastEnders teen Ricky Jr was named after Ricky Butcher [INSIGHT]The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Jacket Potato's identity  [THEORY]EastEnders fans 'work out' the real father of Lily Slater's baby [INSIGHT She accuses him and the rest of The Vic punters of not caring that Mick is dead. Later, Alfie hopes Linda will forgive him if he can show her exactly how much the community care about Mick. He gathers the landlord’s friends to surprise his ex-wife with a vigil in the bar. But, as Mick’s loved ones share fond memories of him, the vigil is interrupted by the police. Linda and Shirley held onto the hope that Mick could be alive initially following the tragic accident. EastEnders fans will know Mick star Danny has no plans to return to the soap and Christmas Day was confirmed as his last day in Walford. Will the police deliver heartbreaking news to confirm Mick’s death? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.