 Vikings Valhalla kicked off its second season with an epic return to Netflix. However this time, it followed Freydis Eriksdotter’s (played by Frida Gustavsson) new adventure, which the actress described as “vulnerable.”  Vikings Valhalla is the hit historical series, which serves as the sequel to the highly acclaimed show, Vikings. Although season one saw Freydis and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter) get together, the two decided to mutually end their relationship Following the Battle for Kattegat, they both wanted to head in separate directions. While Harald continued his quest to become King of Norway, Freydis adventured to Jomsborg to declare a new Uppsala.  READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan This new adventure meant she also left behind her brother, Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett). As Freydis made her way, it was soon revealed she had major challenges ahead, as she was pregnant. Although she kept the pregnancy a secret from Harald, the unborn child could become the next heir of Norway. As a result, her journey to Jomsborg will undoubtedly be tougher for Freydis as the shieldmaiden won’t have the same physicality she’s known for. With new hurdles to overcome, actress Frida lifted the lid on her character’s fate and the different choices the warrior will be forced to make. She revealed: “Freydis, having grown up [on] the outskirts of the Viking world, she's a hunter and coming into Kattegat last season, she's trained by Jarl Haakon to become a legendary shield-maiden. “Her physicality is something that she's always relied on." DON'T MISS...James Bulger’s mum ’in touching distance of getting justice’ [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla's Pechenegs explained as new enemies are introduced [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla fans slam Freydis’ ‘pointless’ storyline [REACTION]  Although Freydis took off, she spoke fondly of Harald to the people of Jomsborg after giving birth to her son. She told them the baby’s father was a good man and the child should be known as the son of Harald Sigurdsson. Whereas Harald had seemingly moved on and shown interest in Eleana (Sofya Lebedeva), who was on her way to Constantinople. The two connected on a deeper level after he saved her from almost drowning in freezing waters. Although Freydis and Harald went their separate ways, fans were convinced the two will eventually reunite. The arrival of their son means the child will be next in line to the throne, which suggests the pair could rekindle their romance. However, with his feelings for Eleana, it’s possible Harald may decide to marry both women, as this wasn’t unheard of during the Vikings era. Thankfully, there will be more to come from Freydis and Harald as season three has been confirmed.  Vikings Valhalla seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix. 