Manchester United icon Dwight Yorke has detailed a 30-minute conversation he had with Cristiano Ronaldo before the five-time Ballon d’Or winner had his Old Trafford contract terminated, as he described the 37-year-old as a “ticking time bomb” before leaving the club. Ronaldo was officially unveiled as an Al Nassr player in Saudi Arabia this week, having failed to secure a move to a Champions League club following his United exit. Yorke sat down with Ronaldo before taking up his current position as head coach of Australian side Macarthur FC, who explained his unhappiness at the club under new boss Erik ten Hag. Yorke admitted that it did not come as a surprise when Ronaldo’s explosive interview with Piers Morgan was aired, in which he attacked the Dutch boss, the club and its owners the Glazers. “I don’t comment often on Manchester United because I’m still a global ambassador and have a fantastic relationship with the club. But what Cristiano has done, to me, is not a surprise," Yorke told The National. "I had a one-to-one conversation with him before I came to Australia, when I went on a 10-day observation at Manchester United and had access behind the scenes. "I was lucky that Ronaldo gave me 30 minutes of his time and we talked in depth. I knew that there was an individual there that wasn’t happy with whatever was going on at the club. He expressed that in a very open and honest way to me. He was clearly unhappy. "He felt that the club wasn’t progressing the way he wanted it to and he demanded certain things from the incoming manager. I felt that if that wasn’t to happen, then there was going to be something that we eventually saw happen. So when all of that came out, I knew it was already a ticking time bomb just ready to explode." After speaking with Yorke, Ronaldo went on to score just one more Premier League goal in the current season in 10 appearances, before the club opted to terminate his contract before the World Cup. He claimed that he had opportunities to remain in Europe, but declared that his time playing football in the continent was over ahead of his time in the Middle East. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘schedule medical’ for first signing as Ten Hag lands his manTottenham may have found their next Dele Alli in 'clever' star Conte lovesRonaldo and Georgina Rodriguez to break Saudi Arabian law as lawyers speak out “Nobody knows this, but I had many opportunities in Europe, Brazil, Australia, America, Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me,” Ronaldo said at his Al Nassr unveiling. “I gave my word to this club. I want to give a different vision of this country and football. This is why I took this opportunity.” Ronaldo was unable to make his debut for the Saudi Arabian side on Friday, however, as he has been forced to fulfil his two-match suspension picked up in the Premier League for an incident that occurred against Everton in April.