A groper who sexually assaulted 11 different women on public transport and at a park has avoided jail. Shaid Akhtar, 42, admitted the string of sexual assaults, which took place between June and July last year. During most of the incidents he put his hand on the women’s thighs - but grabbed several of the victims’ breasts. A judge, who said he repeatedly targeted “lone women” travelling late at night on public transport, handed him a suspended sentence after hearing Akhtar has spent the last six months in prison. Akhtar, who has been diagnosed with autism, was remanded into custody after committing the July assaults just days after he appeared in court charged with the June offences. Judge Vanessa Baraitser said: “I have every reason to believe your actions have a very sinister undertone - evidenced by you repeatedly targeting women over a short period of time on 11 separate occasions and locations at times when you were most likely to find women alone. “There is clear evidence of planning because you have placed yourself repeatedly in these locations and there is evidence of significant planning.” She added: “You appear to be a candidate for rehabilitation. There has already been a clanging of prison gates as you have spent six months behind bars awaiting sentence.” On Monday, January 16, Inner London Crown Court heard Akhtar sexually assaulted three women on the London Underground on June 27 last year between 8.30pm and 10.50pm. The court heard he sat next to the women and put his hand on one of their thighs and grabbed them. One of the women was followed by Akhtar as she tried to move away, the court heard. On July 8, Akhtar approached a woman sunbathing in Mountsfield Park near Hither Green and put his hand on her thigh, the court heard. On July 11, Akhtar was arrested and appeared before magistrates on the sexual assault charges before being bailed.But just two days later he was out sexually assaulting women again, the court heard. Between July 13 and July 15, Akhtar targeted six women on National Rail trains and one in a cafe in Mountsfield Park. Two of the women were assaulted on July 13 between 7.30pm and 8.30pm and three were targeted between 4.30pm and 11pm the next day. One of the women assaulted on July 14 told the court in a victim impact statement: “This incident has made me feel like I need to be much more aware when out in public. “I was assaulted at 4.30pm in broad daylight while out to collect my daughter at the train station. I was very shocked and could not process what took place.” Just after midnight on July 15, Akhtar sexually assaulted another woman, who has never been identified.But the sexual assault on her was reported by a witness, who said Akhtar put his hand on her body and grabbed her breasts. Later that morning at around 11am, Akhtar approached a woman at a park cafe in Hither Green, touched her breasts and said: “You are beautiful, would you like to come home with me?” When Akhtar was arrested on July 20 he was found to have a small amount of cannabis on him, the court heard. Akhtar, of Lewisham, south east London, admitted 10 sexual assaults and one count of possession of cannabis and was found guilty of one count of sexual assault. He was given a 13-month suspended sentence for two years. He was also made subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order. British Transport Police PC Matthew Smart, said: “Arktar is a predatory individual who clearly targeted lone women for his own sexual gratification. “He failed to understand the severity of his actions, and thanks to the victims’ reports we were able to catch him and remove him from the network. “There is absolutely no place for this behaviour on the railway and we are dedicated to ensuring women and girls can travel without fear of harassment or intimidation. “If you experience or witness a sexual offence on the network, I urge you to report it to us by texting 61016 or via the Railway Guardian app. In an emergency always dial 999. Nothing is too small or too trivial to report and we will always take you seriously.” 