Marjorie Taylor Greene sees herself as vice president under Donald Trump in 2024, according to Steve Bannon, the former top Trump strategist. The Georgia Republican, 48, believes she could be on Trump's short list to be his running mate after her influence grew when she supported Kevin McCarthy's bid to be House Speaker earlier this month. Bannon told NBC News: "This is no shrinking violet, she’s ambitious — she’s not shy about that, nor should she be. "When MTG looks in the mirror, she sees a potential president smiling back. "She’s both strategic and disciplined — she made a power move, knowing it would run up hard against her most ardent crew. "She was prepared to take the intense heat/hatred short-term for the long-term goal of being a player." READ MORE: US faces ‘crisis’ after hitting debt ceiling  A second person added that Greene’s "whole vision is to be vice president". Florida Representative Matt Gaetz took to Twitter to say Green would be an "outstanding VP". He added: "She should absolutely be considered." Greene has previously said she would be "honoured" to take on the role. McCarthy recently gushed over Greene's support and vowed to never abandon her. She stood by him throughout the marathon 15 votes and was even photographed lobbying Trump to convince Republican holdouts to support McCarthy. It comes as Trump is set to make his first public 2024 presidential campaign event in the early voting state later this month. Trump will be at the Statehouse in Columbia on January 28 and will unveil his South Carolina leadership team, according to a person familiar with the plans. That person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the person wasn’t authorized to speak publicly. DON'T MISS Accused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial [INSIGHT]Biden crosses own red line on Ukraine and pushes world closer to WW3 [ANALYSIS]Virginia school ‘couldn’t be bothered’ to stop child with a gun [VIDEO] Trump's campaign had previously confirmed the South Carolina event but hadn't provided details. The event will also include members of South Carolina’s congressional delegation, as well as state lawmakers, according to the person. US Rep. Russell Fry, who with Trump's support ousted US Rep. Tom Rice in a primary last year, told the AP on Tuesday that he would be at the rollout, saying Trump "delivered for the American people before and can do so again.” US Rep. Nancy Mace, who defeated a Trump-backed opponent in her own GOP primary last year, told AP she would not attend the event, and that she would would wait to endorse a 2024 candidate “once the field is set." “Until then, my powder is dry," she said.