Picture yourself sipping on cocktails while soaking up the sunshine poolside, before boarding a luxury cruise ship and exploring some of the Mediterranean’s most beautiful locations. Well, that’s exactly the experience Imagine Cruising is offering up with its new 12-night Ultra Luxury All-Inclusive Rhodes Retreat & Greek Islands Cruise holiday. With prices starting from £1,399pp, this amazing value holiday includes both a five-night all-inclusive hotel stay on the sun-drenched Greek island of Rhodes AND a luxury Mediterranean cruise onboard Princess Cruises’ elegant ship Enchanted Princess. That includes heaps of bucket-list-worthy ports of call to Santorini, Kotor in Montenegro, Messina in Sicily and Naples in Italy. Your holiday will kick off in style with a five-night stay at the five-star Rodos Mitsis Resort and Spa in Rhodes, which boasts a location right by the Blue Flag awarded Kiotari Beach, known for its crystalline waters and sandy shores. The hotel has everything you could want for a relaxing break from premium facilities, gorgeous rooms, and heaps of fine dining experiences. After five nights of relaxing in Rhodes you’ll fly to Athens, where you’ll embark Enchanted Princess for the second portion of your glamorous break. Highlights will include the gorgeous Greek island of Santorini – whose beauty is supposedly incomparable to any other island in the world, as well as Montenegro’s fortified Kotor, renowned for its alluring Romanesque architecture. You’ll next visit Sicily’s buoyant Messina, well known for its Norman Messina Cathedral with its Gothic portal, 15th-century windows and astronomical clock. Your penultimate destination will be Naples, where you can wander around sample some of that world-famous Italian cuisine, soak in the atmosphere, or head to nearby Pompeii and discover the fascinating but tragic history of this infamous spot. Or of course, you can take in the sights of the spectacular Amalfi Coast. There will be plenty of time to enjoy the ship’s amazing fasciitis too, with some days at sea included in the itinerary. Enchanted Princess offers up a plethora of onboard entertainment whether you’re looking to relax poolside, enjoy a glamorous night at the casino, or indulge with a spot of retail therapy. Highlights include Princess Cruises’ popular Movies Under the Stars, West End style shows in the theatre, and plenty of sports for those after an adrenaline rush. You’ll next visit Sicily’s buoyant Messina, well known for its Norman Messina Cathedral with its Gothic portal, 15th-century windows and astronomical clock. Your penultimate destination will be Naples, where you can wander around sample some of that world-famous Italian cuisine, soak in the atmosphere, or head to nearby Pompeii and discover the fascinating but tragic history of this infamous spot. Or of course, you can take in the sights of the spectacular Amalfi Coast. There will be plenty of time to enjoy the ship’s amazing fasciitis too, with some days at sea included in the itinerary. Enchanted Princess offers up a plethora of onboard entertainment whether you’re looking to relax poolside, enjoy a glamorous night at the casino, or indulge with a spot of retail therapy. Highlights include Princess Cruises’ popular Movies Under the Stars, West End style shows in the theatre, and plenty of sports for those after an adrenaline rush. Foodies will also be spoiled for choice with over 20 bars and restaurants available onboard, serving up a whole array of international cuisine including pizza, grilled meats, ice cream or seafood. Looking to make the most of a night in your cabin? Then the 24-hour room service may appeal! The ship also offers up some luxurious cabins for guests. We’re talking elegant rooms with balconies, lounge areas, ensuite bathrooms and luxury bedding, along with all of the amenities you need for a home-away-from-home feel. Eventually the dream holiday does have to come to an end, so you’ll sail on to Barcelona to board your flights home, with a whole host of new memories and experiences! Book the holiday Prices start from £1,399pp for sailings between April to October. Includes your seven-night full-board cruise, all flights and transfers, and five nights all-inclusive at the five-star Rodos Mitsis Resort and Spa. Find out more on imaginecruising.co.uk.