Cristiano Ronaldo received a rapturous applause as he appeared on screen during Al-Nassr's Saudi Pro League clash with Al-Tai FC on Friday. Fans attended in their thousands to greet their new signing, who was forced to sit out of the contest after being hit with a two-match ban. The ban - which has carried over - was handed out by the Football Association after Ronaldo slapped the phone out of the hands of an Everton supporter during a Premier League clash last season. He will now have to wait until January 21 before making his first appearance for Al-Nassr. Still, that did not stop him from exploring his new surroundings at Mrsool Park as he interacted with club officials behind the scenes and upstairs in the director's box. Fans then cheered Ronaldo's appearance on the big screen as he turned in surprise to wave to Al-Nassr's supporters. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE If the first half was anything to go by, it's that Ronaldo will be living a totally different experience to the one he has enjoyed in Europe during his professional career. Saudi music was blaring out of the tannoy system as the heavens opened and fans ducked around for cover under rain ponchos. Lots of Al-Nassr supporters were donning Ronaldo merchandise including yellow and blue hats that read 'Ronaldo 7'. The pitch itself was drenched in rain with some parts of the turf actually underwater. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Marc Cucurella causes Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Jamie Carragher disagreementShakhtar chief spotted yards from Todd Boehly as Chelsea and Arsenal battle intensifiesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag casts doubt over Jadon Sancho return following Holland exile It was a positive display from Rudi Garcia's side though as former Benfica forward Anderson Talisca impressed for the Saudi giants. Talisca has spent large parts of his career playing outside of Europe's top leagues for big wages. Yet his scoring record in Saudi speaks for itself having netted 29 times in 37 outings for Al-Nassr. He is one of the club's star players and the Brazilian will be keen to link up with Ronaldo to spearhead Al-Nassr's exciting new-look attack. The hosts also had other familiar faces on display including former Bayern Munich, Wolfsburg and Marseille midfielder Luiz Gustavo. Ex-Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina was also between the sticks while ex-Marseille and Villarreal defender Alvaro Gonzalez slotted in at the back. Vincent Aboubakar was nowhere to be seen, however, with the Cameroon international striker expected to be cast aside following Ronaldo's arrival. Reports from Saudi claim Manchester United and Fenerbahce have both made offers to sign the centre-forward on loan this January.