Nick Kyrgios has tipped Novak Djokovic to win the Australian Open while warning the Serb of the dangers posed by Daniil Medvedev. Kyrgios left his home crowd gutted earlier this week by announcing that he was withdrawing on the eve of the tournament due to a knee injury. Big things were expected of Kyrgios in Melbourne after his doubles victory with Thanasi Kokkinakis 12 months ago and his individual run to the Wimbledon final last year, where he lost an entertaining showdown with Djokovic. He was due to get his home Grand Slam campaign underway against Roman Safiullin today but called a press conference on Monday to share the bad news. Joined by his physio, Kyrgios and his team revealed that he suffered a torn lateral meniscus. The 27-year-old is now set to undergo surgery with the aim of returning for Indian Wells in March, but in the meantime he has given his opinion on how things could pan out in his absence. JUST IN: Ons Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open win When asked by The Age who he felt could go all the way in Melbourne, he responded: "Look, it depends on Novak's health. If he's healthy, it's hard to go past Novak. Daniil is absolutely dangerous on this surface. "He came out yesterday with a statement win and barely lost any games. I hope an Aussie can go far. Medvedev or Djokovic, I can't count out [Rafael] Nadal either but I'd probably say Djokovic." Kyrgios and Djokovic played a practice match last week and the Aussie's injury worsened in the aftermath, failing to improve in time for his showpiece annual event. Medvedev proved Kyrgios' claims to be true on Monday by dispatching opponent Marcos Giron with ease and powering into the second round. The Russian former world No 1 has reached the Australian Open final in the past two years and he will go into his second-round meeting with John Millman as the heavy favourite. Djokovic, meanwhile, was banned from competing at last year's tournament after being deported from Australia due to a squabble over his vaccine stance. The 35-year-old has triumphed in Melbourne on nine prior occasions but he arrived carrying injury concerns of his own this time around, with fans citing a heavily-strapped left leg and a rescheduled practice session leading up to his first-round match.  Kyrgios, whose meniscus tear caused a painful cyst to develop, claims to be 'extremely disappointed' at having to drop out, adding: "Honestly, I’m just exhausted from everything, and obviously it is pretty brutal. It is one of the most important tournaments of my career. It hasn’t been easy at all. "It [the knee] doesn’t feel good. It’s like constant [pain]. When I finish a session or finish a match, it’s just constant throbbing. I have barely had a good night’s sleep the last four, five nights. It’s just been throbbing."