Manchester United have been urged to move for Juventus winger Federico Chiesa to bolster Erik ten Hag's attacking ranks. After missing almost a year through a Crucial Ligament Rupture, Chiesa has returned to action, and Paul Ince believes he should be on United's wishlist. Juventus signed the 25-year-old on a two-year loan deal from Fiorentina in 2020, making it permanent in the summer for £35million. He has operated on both flanks and down the middle during his spell in Turin, scoring 19 goals and providing 16 assists in 69 games. Ten Hag is expected to prioritise a new forward this summer, although it's likely to be in the form of a natural striker rather than another wide man. But former United midfield Ince believes Chiesa would be a great fit at Old Trafford, endorsing the Italy international to provide competition for Antony. He told BoyleSports: "Federico Chiesa has only just started playing for Juventus again after a long-term injury. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "But prior to that, he was unplayable. The intensity is very different in Italy compared to England. "When I went to Inter Milan, I thought it was going to be tough for me, I didn't know if I could get away with my playing style at Inter, but it worked out ok. "If Chiesa was to come to Man United, then I think the fans would love him. I've seen him play on numerous occasions, and he'd be a perfect, perfect fit for Man United." Ten Hag was left slim on attacking options after Cristiano Ronaldo's November exit and during Jadon Sancho's prolonged absence as he completed an individual training programme away from the spotlight. DON'T MISS: Liverpool transfer U-turn likely after Klopp hit by injury setback  However, things are looking more rosy heading into the second half of the season, despite losing Donny van de Beek for the remainder and Christian Eriksen until late April through injury. Wout Weghorst arrived on a short loan from Burnley to provide an alternative option to Anthony Martial up front. And Ten Hag has confirmed that Sancho is set to return to the United matchday squad for the first time since October against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday. The Red Devils hope to complete a third loan signing after Jack Butland and Weghorst before the 11pm deadline, with talks ongoing for Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here