The Metropolitan Police is investigating more than 1,000 sexual and domestic abuse claims, involving around 800 of its officers, the Commissioner has said. The investigation follows the case of PC David Carrick who pleaded guilty to 49 offences including dozens of rapes. Sir Mark Rowley told the BBC in an interview: "We have failed. And I'm sorry. He should not have been a police officer. "This man abused women in the most disgusting manner. It is sickening. We've let women and girls down, and indeed we've let Londoners down. The women who suffered and survived this violence have been unimaginably brave and courageous in coming forward.  Carrick, who committed the crimes on 12 women over two decades, worked for Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command - the same unit that Sarah Everard's killer Wayne Couzens worked for. A spokesperson for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said the case has "shattered" the public trust in policing but added that Sunak remains confident in the Met chief. "The commissioner has acknowledged the significant work required by the force," they told the BBC. The Met police confirmed a total of 1,633 cases of alleged sexual offences or domestic violence involving hundreds of its officers are being reviewed from the last decade to make sure no poor decisions were made. Carrick had been accused of two offences against a former partner the year before passing his vetting to join the Met in 2001.  He also faced further harrassment and assault claims from an ex-girlfriend in 2002 while on his probation period in the police. The force admitted Carrick was known as "B***** Dave" by colleagues because he was "mean and cruel", but said it was not to do with any sexual behaviour and colleagues had made no complaints about him. He was arrested for rape by Hertfordshire Constabulary in July 2021 and put on restricted duties at work. But the allegation dropped and he was cleared to go back to work although he never returned to full duties because of another arrest over a second rape complainant in October 2021. The rape allegation sparked uproar and many other people came forwards to complain against Carrick. Carrick admitted to 24 counts of rape, nine counts of sexual assault, three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour, five counts of assault by penetration and many more serious offences. The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan said:  "Londoners will be rightly shocked that this man was able to work for the Met for so long, and serious questions must be answered about how he was able to abuse his position as an officer in this horrendous manner." Similar to Carrick, Wayne Couzens - who was sentenced to life imprisonment in September 2021 after pleading guilty to the kidnapping and rape of Sarah Everard - had a reputation for horrendous behaviour. He was nicknamed "The Rapist" and allegedly drove around naked in 2015 three years before being hired by the Met Police. The Home Secretary Suella Braverman called the Carrick case a "sobering moment" for the Met Police and "the reputation of British policing as a whole". She added: "I have been clear that culture and standards in the police need to change." Shadow Home secretary Yvette Cooper said everyone who demanded change over the years will "feel badly let down" by what happened and that it is "further evidence of appalling failures in the police vetting and misconduct processes, still not addressed by Government, that he was ever able to serve as a police officer". Sir Mark Rowley has spoken publicly about his concerns over Met Police in recent months. In November, he admitted while talking to BBC Radio Four's Today Programme that the Met was riddled with hundreds of officers who were "letting us down".  He claimed there were roughly 100 officers who he wouldn't allow to speak in public due to lack of trust -- a situation he described as "completely mad". Before this interview, he had warned there were hundreds of officers getting away with misconduct and criminal behaviour but warned he had no way of sacking them. He said: "We’re looking at whether we’ve got any new legal levers, but on the conventional approaches we can’t. "I have got about 100 officers in the organisation who have very restrictive conditions on them because frankly we don't trust them to talk to members of the public." Mr Rowley also told the radio hosts over 500 officers were unable to be deployed because of ongoing misconduct allegations. 