BBC Breakfast will air a special episode on January 17 to pay tribute to its history as Jon Kay and Sally Nugent present a nostalgic-filled news programme. Fans of the BBC show will spot some key differences to the usual programming as the show takes a step back in time. BBC Breakfast plans to reinstate the original vintage clock for a one-off segment. The show will also welcome back its first ever weatherman. Viewers can enjoy archive footage, fan favourites and a host of extra special guests. The daily programme will include a special half hour when BBC Breakfast will be rebranded to the original Breakfast Time. Read more: Prince Harry’s memoir torn apart as he ignores racism claims During this half hour, Breakfast Time’s original vintage clock will make an appearance. Carol Kirkwood will be joined by the first Breakfast Time weather presenter Francis Wilson. Leo Sayer, who was a guest on the very first show, is just one of the special guests. At the time the first show premiered, 6.30am, Jon will present a segment on how the programme first began. Jon commented: “Sitting on the big red sofa is a dream come true for me, you will get to see a snippet of this from my childhood in the anniversary special. “It’s such a fascinating and fantastically busy time to be in news.” Sally added: “It’s been a wonderful experience to be part of the BBC Breakfast team, and I’m so proud of some of the campaigns I have been a part of recently, for instance covering Rob Burrow and Kevin Sinfield’s fundraising journey for MND, its what we here at Breakfast do best, and in its 40th year we will have so much more to come.” Several BBC Breakfast presenters and contributors will share their stories including the current longest serving member Carol. She began as a production secretary and is now of the most beloved weather presenters on TV. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty reacts after being 'chucked under the bus' by BBC host [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host returns after recovering from 'Christmas illness’ [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'biased' political review of the year [INTERVIEW] Carol said: “I’ve been at BBC Breakfast from the early days, starting as a production secretary and now presenting the weather. “I have made some brilliant memories on the show and look forward to continuing to do so.” BBC Breakfast has been asking viewers to share their favourite moments from the show. Editor of BBC Breakfast, Richard Frediani, said: “Life begins at 40… and what a 40 years it has been. “BBC Breakfast is the UK’s number one choice every morning, so we want to celebrate this occasion in the best way possible, bringing back presenters, taking a look at the archives, and marking history, showing some of our favourite TV moments from the very first show. “We have a great team, on and off the camera, and I’m delighted to be at the helm for this special birthday. “I hope viewers will enjoy the trip down memory lane as much as we have enjoyed making it while we prepare for an exciting 2023 with big plans for the year ahead.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.