Each week, a character is unveiled on The Masked Singer as judges Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, Mo Gilligan and Rita Ora try to guess who they are from the clues. Throughout the ITV series, fronted by Joel Dommett, fans also play along as they come up with their own theories about which stars are hidden behind the masks. After Saturday's show, fans believe they have rumbled the identity of Pigeon. They think after hearing the clues, Pigeon could be former Doctor Who star and comedian Catherine Tate. During her VT, Pigeon could be heard saying: "I might be an old bird but let me tell you, ageing has never bothered me." "Maybe she is pretending to be old," Rita chipped in as the judges watched the clip. READ MORE: GB News fans 'switch off' after guest defends Harry in fiery clash "I may have ruffled a few feathers in my time" she continued before adding: "But personally, I am unflappable. "That is why I am good at being able to ask the tougher questions." She later said: "Will I be competitive in this competition? Same as always, babe, only with myself." Pigeon proceeded to take to the stage to sing the iconic song by TLC, No Scrubs. Mo was convinced he knew who Pigeon was, telling Joel the mystery celeb was Gemma Collins. Jonathan jokingly said Pigeon was the Queen Consort, Camilla Parker-Bowles. Davina also believed the character could be a comedian and seemed to think Emily Atack was behind the mask. Pigeon then shared a further clue about her identity by giving the judges a riddle. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as couple leave village  [SPOILERS]Vera's Brenda Blethyn confirms DCI Stanhope's past will be exposed [THEORY] She said: "I'm an old pigeon mama and I've such a warm heart. Let me share some of my wisdom, life imitates art." However, fans seem to disagree with the judges as they believe Pigeon is comedian and actress Catherine Tate. The No Scrubs song could be a link to a doctor, and Catherine did star in Doctor Who. Another clue could be when she said: "ageing has never bothered me", as another of her comedy characters, Lauren, had the famous catchphrase "Am I bovvered?". Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts about Pigeon being Catherine, Andrew Mitchell wrote: "Could pigeon be Katherine Tate... but am I bothered? #TheMaskedSinger #TheMaskedSingerUK." Gabriela penned: "Could pigeon be Catherine Tate? (Boyf has a weird talent of guessing #TheMaskedSinger contestants, I cannot take credit for this)" (sic) While Anna Thurman added: "I think the pigeon is defo Catherine Tate! #TheMaskedSinger." "#TheMaskedSinger pigeon is Catherine Tate. Carrot top=ginger, dressed like an old lady = nan from the Catherine Tate show. Life imitates art= last name Tate= Tate modern gallery," Deborah Martin theorised. (sic) Claire added: "Why is Pigeon giving me Catherine Tate vibes #themaskedsinger." The Masked Singer returns on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.