In the most recent instalment of Call The Midwife, viewers followed the story of one woman and the abuse she faced at the hand of her husband. With the episode shining a light on domestic violence in the 60s and the issues with pressing charges, many fans were left disgusted by the storyline. WARNING:The information within this article may contain content that some readers may find distressing, topics of rape and domestic violance is highlighted throughout. On Sunday’s episode of BBC’s Call The Midwife, viewers watched the newlywed Mrs Talbot confess to Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings)  the trouble she was having with her husband Joe.In the programme, it was revealed that the young mother was being assaulted by her husband both physically and sexually.Viewers saw scenes of Mrs Talbot covered in bruises on her neck, as she apologised for not looking presentable for her husband when he arrived home.When she took her children to get seen by Sister Veronica for a health check, she confided in her about what had been happening behind closed doors. READ MORE:James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession Revealing she wasn’t satisfied with her marriage, she said: “There are things that happen in a marriage, things that people are meant to want that people, men, believe is theirs to have.“If they can’t have it, then they just...”Unable to finish her sentence, Sister Veronica replied: “Take it? Against your will?”Realising what was being implied she wanted to try and help, although when she raised her concern, Mrs Talbot admitted she’s grateful for Joe as he puts a roof over her children’s heads. In later scenes, viewers watched as Mrs Talbot denied her husband's advances as he persisted.As her young daughter sat on the sofa in the other room, cries were heard from the bedroom coming from her mother being abused by Joe.Deciding she wanted to get help, Mrs Talbot fled her home in the middle of the night and later went to the police station with Sister Veronica to report the crime.Although when speaking to an officer, he told the victim the authorities were legally unable to do anything as they were married.The police officer commented: “It’s not possible under English law for a man to rape his wife, the offence does not exist.”Furious, Mrs Talbot said: “The blood on the sheets exists, my bruises exist. Do you need me to show you?” READ MORE: Dancing On Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran 'still grieving' Tom Parker[VIDEO] Dancing On Ice’s Ekin-Su details ‘supportive’ gestures from Davide [INSIGHT] Dancing On Ice star left with concussion after ‘serious fall' [DANCING ON ICE] Aware there was nothing she was able to do, Mrs Talbot decided to get a lawyer to divorce Joe and tell the truth about the violence she faced at his hand.Marital rape has been considered a crime in the UK since 1992.After watching the harrowing episode, viewers quickly took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the emotional episode. NicR4 said: "From shock, horror & tears to laughter, happiness & support in the blink of an eye. What a show #CallTheMidwife"Familyhrguru added: “People who say #CallTheMidwife is twee and saccharine, clearly don’t watch it. What makes it so brilliant is the tough issues it tackles head-on with compassion, interspersed with gentle humour and kindness. Tonight is heartbreaking”   MotherClanger commented: “Great episode tonight, sensitively handled. Thank goodness we've moved on from those days and women now have much more support and help available with DV issues [sic] #CallTheMidwife”12thdocswearjar tweeted: “That was such an important episode of #CalltheMidwife , hopefully, it will help some people out there who are going through the same thing”Mofoman360 said: “Well I’ve gotta say that was a very powerful episode that’s when TV is done right highlighting important issues respectfully well done BBC [sic]#CallTheMidwifeWith Twitter user RummyRat adding: "Have gone from blood boiling rage to tears of despair and then belly laughter all in about 5 mins. #CallTheMidwife continues to be utterly brilliant."If you have been impacted by this story, the National Domestic Abuse helpline is available on 0808 2000 247 with people on hand to speak at any time.Call The Midwife continues Sundays on BBC One from 8pm    