Stacey Solomon, 33, announced last month she is expecting her fifth child in a social media post that left fans surprised. The Loose Women star, who is already a mum-of-four, gave birth to her youngest, Rose Opal, in October 2021. This week, Stacey took to Instagram to respond to fans’ questions regarding the eagerly-awaited arrival in view of her 5.5 million followers. In a Q&A Story, Stacey admitted she and husband Joe Swash had not yet found the time to prepare a room for the unborn baby. Asked whether they had started decorating a room yet, Stacey said: “Noooo. I wish I had. We just haven't had the time... She went on to say: "But I know really baby will be in with us for the first year (or 15 if they're anything like the others) so I need to just not put too much pressure on myself to get things all together and sorted before baby comes." Stacey already has son Rex, three, and daughter Rose, one, with Joe, who himself has a teenage son called Harry. Zachary, 14, is the Loose Women's star's first son from her relationship with Dean Cox, and she had him when she was 17 but they had split by the time the baby was born. She also has Leighton, 10, whose dad is Aaron Barham, who she split from in 2014, but the youngster is known to use her name. Stacey announced the happy news last month with a heartwarming video featuring Joe as he found out he was set to become a dad yet again. She captioned the clip: "Me + Him = [six children emojis] So grateful & can not believe I’m saying this… Another little pickle is on the way… “A HUGE surprise, but one that we are so thankful for to the moon & back bub @realjoeswash." In the video, the Loose Women panellist was behind the camera holding up a positive pregnancy test in her hand while in the bathroom of her Pickle Cottage. She could be heard calling her other half Joe before he appeared on camera. DON'T MISSStacey Dooley details ‘chaotic’ day she found out she was pregnant [LATEST]Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after hospital dash [NEWS]Rod Stewart, Penny Lancaster and the Beckhams celebrate New Year's Day [INSIGHT] With a wide grin, Joe gushed: "You're joking" before he knelt down to embrace his wife. He added: "This is the best news baba." The couple have since been inundated with congratulatory messages as fans and celebrity pals alike sent their well wishes. Stacey Dooley simply sent a series of heart emojis. Vicky Pattinson commented: "I'm sobbing. Congratulations guys." Anna Williamson penned: "Congratulations you two." Josephine gushed: "Omg congratulations you're having another pickle wonderful news."