The Netflix adaptation of That 90s Show features characters from the classic That 70s Show. The series follows Leia Forman (played by Callie Haverda), the teenage daughter of Eric (Topher Grace) and Donna Pinciotti (Laura Prepon). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the show arrives. The series sees Leia form relationships with other teens as she spends the summer with her grandparents in Wisconsin. Debra Jo Rupp and Kurtwood Smith return from the original series as her grandmother Kitty and grandfather Red. The show is set 20 years after the events of That 70s Show and it is scheduled to air on January 19. The Netflix revival is made up of 10 episodes for its initial debut and they will all arrive at the same time. READ MORE: That 90s Show is welcoming back stars from the original sitcom For viewers in the US, they will be able to have access from midnight on January 19. For those watching over in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am that morning for the episodes to air. The synopsis for the series reads: "It’s 1995 and Leia Forman is desperate for some adventure in her life or at least a best friend who isn’t her dad. "When she arrives in Point Place to visit her grandparents, Red and Kitty, Leia finds what she’s looking for right next door when she meets the dynamic and rebellious Gwen. "With the help of Gwen’s friends, including her lovable brother Nate, his smart, laser-focused girlfriend Nikki, the sarcastic and insightful Ozzie, and the charming Jay, Leia realizes adventure could happen there just like it did for her parents all those years ago. "Excited to reinvent herself, she convinces her parents to let her stay for the summer. "With a basement full of teens again, Kitty is happy the Forman house is now a home for a new generation and Red is, well… Red." The show will welcome back a whole host of guest stars including Mila Kunis as Jackie Burkhart. DON'T MISS... Only Fools and Horses: The change to Del Boy's flat fans didn't see [INSIGHT] The Crown transforms London into Chicago for season 6 [PICTURES] Netflix’s Perfect Match uproar as reality stars return amid axings [DISCUSSION] Ashton Kutcher will also return as Michael Kelso, with Tommy Chong as Leo Chingkwake and Don Stark as Bob Pinciotti. The show was filmed in front of a live studio audience at Sunset Bronson Studios in Los Angeles. Actor Kurtwood Smith spoke to CBR.com about why Red and Kitty became breakout characters. He said: "Red and Kitty became more individuals, people that we cared about. "They had their own lives. We brought that out during the run of the show, and people started really enjoying [them]. "When they decided to do That 90s Show, this was the easiest way to go. "You could have followed some of the other characters, but this way, we keep it in the same household. "There's a continuation of the show that people loved."  That 90s Show airs on Netflix from January 19