Manchester United are reportedly subject to interest from Qatar Sports Investments over a full-scale takeover. QSI want to branch out into the Premier League in 2023, with Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur also tickling their fancy. But the Glazers' intention to cash in on United for around £6billion in the first quarter of the year presents a glorious imminent opportunity to helm arguably the world's biggest football club. And after laying positive foundations in his first season as manager, Qatari funding could help Erik ten Hag build an unstoppable team for the 2023/24 campaign. Express Sport runs through how United could look after their first transfer window under Qatari ownership, including Jude Bellingham at the heart of his vision. Diogo Costa has been heavily linked with United amid uncertainty over David de Gea's future. The Spaniard is expected to extend his contract as United have bigger transfer priorities than a goalkeeper. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE But an influx of cash from the Middle East could help Ten Hag invest in a stopper more suited to his play style. And triggering Costa's £65m Porto release clause would offer him a long-term stalwart at the foot of his side. Even if he's handed a significant injection of transfer funds, Ten Hag may not want to switch his defence around after settling on his first-choice back four. Diogo Dalot has been one of United's most improved and important players since the Dutchman took charge. Luke Shaw has also rediscovered his flame and is enjoying some of the best form of his career at left-back. DON'T MISS: Man Utd, Liverpool respond to Brighton transfer as Spurs 'accelerate' The £57m summer capture of Lisandro Martinez has helped revolutionise United, and his formidable partnership with Raphael Varane would be too hard to break up. Casemiro has proven indispensable in his first season in England, yet partnering him with Jude Bellingham in midfield could spark an even bigger beast. Bellingham will demand a £100m+ fee this summer, with Liverpool, Manchester City, and Real Madrid considered frontrunners. But United could blow their rivals out of the water with a superior financial offer and the lure of being the face of Ten Hag's rebuild. Bruno Fernandes's place as the attacking midfield in Ten Hag's 4-2-3-1 is cemented. Antony has endured a rocky start to life at United, but there is confidence at the club that their £85m man will come good over time. Marcus Rashford, on the other hand, is enjoying the form of his career, and Qatari ownership at United could soothe fears of him leaving for PSG on a free transfer in 2024. United's top priority in the summer will be a long-term striker, and Victor Osimhen is understood to be among the club's leading targets. Securing his services from Napoli in a big-money deal would add to the statement start of a new era at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here