Prince Harry has revealed how his father, King Charles, sat on the end of his bed when he was a child and told him his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, had been in a car accident. The Duke of Sussex claims his dad did not hug him, but said to him at Balmoral Castle in August, 1997: "My dear son, mum has had a car accident." Harry goes on to say he later felt like a politician while greeting members of the public in the wake of Diana's death in Paris, accoding to The Sun. The Duke's revelation is one of many to emerge as excerpts from his memoir, Spare, emerged today (January 5). Harry also writes both he and William begged their father not to marry Camilla Parker Bowles after Diana's death. Writing about when his father married his second wife, Prince Harry says: "That's why when the question came, Willy and I promised our father that we would welcome Camilla to the family. The only thing we asked for in return was that he didn't marry her." King Charles was married to his first wife, Princess Diana, for 15 years before the pair separated in 1992. The new King married Camilla in April 2005. Harry claims William physically attacked him in the book, saying his brother came at him, grabbed him by the collar, ripping his necklace and knocking him to the floor. He goes on to write that he landed on a dog's bowl, pieces of which cut into him after it cracked. The Guardian revealed the alleged incident took place at Harry's then home in Nottingham Cottage with William calling Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry told him he was repeating the press's narrative about his wife. DON'T MISS: Harry decision to 'drag' William into Nazi costume scandal 'strange' [LATEST] Prince Harry was told Meghan 'not welcome' at Queen death bed [REVEALED] Prince Harry labels Prince William his 'arch-nemesis' in new book [REPORT] It also emerges from the memoir that William and Harry's father pleaded with them to end their battles at Windsor Castle after Prince Philip's funeral. In a tense meeting after the funeral, a grieving Charles told his sons: "Please, boys. Don't make my final years a misery." The princes had been very close after their mother's death, but the siblings grew apart in the wake of the Sussexes' stepping down from royal duties. Harry has said he wants his father and brother back, but had conceded a reconcilitaion is unlikely.  The Duke of Sussex also accuses William and Kate, Princess of Wales, of encouraging him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party in 2005. There was a public outcry after pictures emerged of Harry in the uniform complete with a swastika armband. According to US website Page Six, Harry claims he phoned his brother and sister-in-law to ask whether he should choose a pilot's uniform or a Nazi one for the fancy dress party. He claims William and Kate said the latter and both howled with laughter when he went home and tried it on for them. Prince Harry also breaks his silence over the longstanding rumour he is Major James Hewitt's son. Princess Diana and Major Hewitt had an affair in the 1980s, sparking rumours they had had a son. He wrote: "The joke was damn funny in light of the rumour going around at the time that my real father was one of my mother's ex-lovers: Major James Hewitt." Harry explains one cause of the rumour was Major Hewitt's red hair, but another was sadism. He added tabloid readers loved the idea Prince Charles's youngest son was not his son, never tiring of the "joke". In his autobiography, Harry says he did not think of those he killed in Afghanistan as "people", but as "chess pieces" which had been taken off the board. Harry writes that flying six missions during his second tour of duty on the front line resulted in "the taking of human lives" of which he was neither proud nor ashamed. Describing watching a video of each "kill" when he returned to base, he wrote of Taliban fighters as "baddies" who were being eliminated before they could kill "goodies". He says: "So, my number is 25. It's not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me." Harry also claims Meghan upset Kate by telling her she must have "baby brain". The Duchess reportedly said this when the Princess of Wales had recently given birth. The remark was made during a phone call in the run up to the Sussexes' wedding in 2018, according to the Sun. Harry alleges Meghan apologised but William "pointed a finger" at her, saying: "Well, it's rude, Meghan. These things are not done here." Meghan is said to have responded: "If you don't mind, keep your finger out of my face." The astonishing admission is made by Harry in the Spanish edition of the Duke of Sussex's book, which was released early in the country by mistake. The Duke said he had "taken cocaine" during a shooting weekend by the summer of 2002 when he was 17 and did "a few more lines" on other occasions, according to the Times. He says it was not fun and it did not make him feel as happy as it seemed to make others but it did make him feel different, which was his main goal. Previously, the Duke of Sussex has described using drink and drugs to mask the pain he felt when his mother died. During his bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, he said: "I was willing to drink. I was willing to take drugs. I was willing to try and do the things that made me feel less like I was feeling."   Harry also says he lost his virginity to an older woman behind a pub. He claims it took place in a field behind a "very busy pub" and the woman treated him like a "young stallion", according to the Daily Mail. The Duke wrote:"I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my ass and sent me away." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th.