As the cost of living bites, many Britons are searching for more lucrative ways to save money while disposable income dwindles. Financial journalist Martin Lewis addressed one viewer’s question today on ITV’s This Morning about the best route to start saving for a house, and whether Lifetime ISAs are really worth it. Answering the couple, who said they were both in their twenties and in full-time employment, Mr Lewis said: "As long as you're planning to buy a house that will cost under £450,000, then a Lifetime ISA is absolutely the right place to start. "With a Lifetime ISA, when you use it towards your first property, you will get a 25 percent bonus on whatever you've saved.” He explained that savers can deposit up to £4,000 a year into this account, after which an additional £1,000 is added a year by the Government, each year until savers use it towards their first property. READ MORE: ISA savers may be ‘pleasantly surprised’ with interest rates increase  Mr Lewis said: "You can have one each and they can both be used together as long as you are first-time buyers." Translating the additional interest that can be gained by the couple opening one LISA each, Mr Lewis said: “In one year you could put £8,000 in and get a £2,000 bonus.” However, Mr Lewis noted: “There is one rule that says you need to have it open for a year before you can use it to get the bonus on a first-time property. DON'T MISS: Envelope challenge could help Britons save £5,000 in 2023 [EXPLAINED]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Expert warns of ISA transfer 'mistake' that could cost [INSIGHT]    “Anyone out there who may one day want to buy a house, or maybe your children have just turned 18 and they might want to buy a house one day, I would open a Lifetime ISA with £1 even if you're not thinking about saving now.” He continued: “That way you can get that clock ticking, so you can use it whenever you want, once you've gone past a year." One point Mr Lewis told viewers to note, is the strict penalty that is applied to savers who withdraw money from an ISA with no intention of putting it towards a qualifying house. READ MORE: Virgin Money offers market-leading interest rate on fixed cash ISA  He said: "The only problem with Lifetime ISAs is if you withdraw the money for any other reason than to buy a qualifying house, or once you're aged 60, you're paying an effective 6.25 percent penalty. “So, you really want to make sure you're going to be using it to buy that house.” Addressing what the best LISA to go with could be, Mr Lewis said: “If it's for a property, you probably don't want an investment Lifetime ISA - you don't want it in stocks and shares as they go up and down.  “You just want it in savings and the best product at the moment is Moneybox, paying 3.5 percent. "You should do a bit more reading because there are lots of i's to dot and t's to cross but absolutely, you're in the right starting place. A Lifetime ISA each is what I'd suggest.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am. 