Two mad mums had the day off of their lives when they popped over to Lanzarote for a wild day out for just £23. After making their kids’ packed lunches, the pair set off for the round trip of 2,500 miles and were back in bed by 12.30am the following morning. Documenting their travels on one of the pair’s “0nlyMums” TikTok account, they woke up at 3.45am to head off from Manchester for their nine-hour excursion to the Canary Islands. Mother-of-four Rebecca, 38, wrote: “Well my weekend's on the up because I’ve just booked a £23 flight to Spain for the day to blow off the January blues - me and the bestie - the packed lunch is made for the kids on Monday and I’ll be back at midnight!” The best friends, who between them have seven children, have racked up over 1.1 million views. With the flights costing less than a train from Liverpool to Sheffield, the pair enjoyed several cocktails together and had brunch followed by a dip in the sea. In one video documenting the travels, they wrote: "We've got seven children between us. We booked £23 flights to Lanzarote and back in one day, gossip on the plane, brunch, Spanish Zara, cocktails overlooking the beach and a dip in sea. A Burger King to sober up at the airport [then] back in my own bed for 12.30am!" Rebecca urged other mums to make their days off count in a similar fashion if they could. She said: “Ladies, if you only think you've got a day to spare... make it count! You can absolutely do it. We got up at 3:45am and we have had the best day in Lanzarote. We’ve been in the sea, had three sex on the beach cocktails, been to Zara - what more do you need hun? Book the flight!” READ MORE: 'I accidentally married my cousin and we had a baby' [REVEAL] She added that her children have gained a new admiration for her as well, saying the “kids think I'm the next best thing which is actually really lovely.” Many viewers added that they were in awe of the plucky pair. One said: "Can you imagine saying, 'see you later kids, just popping to Lanzarote'. I love it." Another added: “Walking out the front door like ‘Anyone want anything from Lanzarote?’” Some deemed the pair “legends” while many started tagging their friends in the viral video, saying “we need to do this!” DON'T MISS: Unusual wellness trend has people pushing garlic up their noses [REVEAL]TikTok star's death sparks 'serious health risks' warning [INSIGHT] Get paid £5,000 a month for watching TikTok, YouTube and Netflix [ANALYSIS] Others said they had done similar speedy holidays, such as one who said: “I did this in October - £38 return flights to Milan! 6am flight pasta lunch in the sun had giant aperol spritz’s and pizza, home for 12.30am.” One inspired commenter added: “I've just booked a 24-hour solo trip to Madrid. It cost me £50 for everything.” The 0nlyMums user posted multiple videos of their day trip to Lanzarote, including clips of them paddling in the sea, drinking cocktails on the beach and brunching in the sun.