Spanish Queen Letizia looked sombre this morning as she paid her respects to former King of Greece, Constantine II. Letizia joined other European royals to mourn the loss of Constantine II, who died age 82. Other members of the Spanish Royal Family, including Queen Sofia and King Juan Carlos, also attended the state funeral. Princess Anne represented the UK Royal Family in a black coat dress, suede black boots and diamond brooch. The Spanish Queen opted for a black coat dress and statement pearl brooch. Letizia's coat dress was very demure, timeless piece. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures Coat dresses are extremely popular among UK royals such as Kate, Princess of Wales and Queen Camilla. Indeed, Kate wore a very similar ensemble to Queen Letizia for the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II on September 19, 2022. Letizia's coat boasted pronounced, structured shoulders and had a V-neckline. It appeared to have some faux fur features, namely the cuffs and middle, highlighting the Spanish royal's waist. The skirt of the dress boasted very deep pleats which gave the garment some extra movement and dimension. The royal carried a petite black handbag complete with a tiny handle. On her feet she opted for patent black pumps with pointed toes, pairing these with sheer black tights. Her nails appeared to be unpainted or painted a subtle nude or pink. READ MORE: Kate Middleton wears Gucci blouse back to front twice - pictures As for hair, Letizia fashioned her brunette locks into an intricate twist. It was slicked back without a parting at the crown of the head, with some added body in the top. Her accessories were elegant and timeless yet kept to a minimum due to the sombre occasion. Her pieces included some small diamond drop earrings and a statement diamond and pearl brooch.     This was pinned to the Queen's coat dress on the left hand side. The Spanish royal went for elegant makeup, including a subtle rose pink lip. She wore a touch of contour and highlight to accentuate her features, and wore a pop of red eyeshadow in addition to black mascara for a hint of colour.