Tributes have poured in for Bargain Hunt guest David, who featured on Monday's show alongside his daughter Vicky. However, it was confirmed that David tragically died before his episode aired on BBC One. Antique experts, Izzie Balmer and Nick Hall also paid a moving tribute to David, who they described as "a true gent". Taking to its official Twitter account ahead of the programme, Bargain Hunt shared a smiley snap of David and Vicky from the show. The caption read: "Since today’s episode of Bargain Hunt was filmed, David has sadly passed away. "We send our sincere condolences to his daughter and teammate Vicky, his wife Joyce and all his family and friends." Expert Izzie, who also features on Antiques Road Trip also shared her condolences to David's family. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry  Izzie described David as a "kind, caring and friendly person with a great sense of humour".  "I loved filming with you and Vicky, you were both great fun and I hold fond memories of our time together. "Sending my condolences to you Vicky and to your family, lots of love xx." (sic) Nick Hall went on to say: "This is such sad news, David was a real joy to be around, a genuinely lovely man, friendly, chatty, witty and full of fun, I feel privileged to have spent time with him. "My condolences Vicky and all his family and friends." Nick and Izzie's followers were also quick to respond to the news, with many saying they had watched the episode. Caroline wrote: "I’ve just watched this episode. My thoughts are with his family. Such sad news. He seemed a lovely gentleman." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's interview ratings smashed by Happy Valley  [INSIGHT]Emilia Fox addresses Silent Witness coming to an end  [NEWS]Loose Women row erupts as Kaye rages Harry 'should walk away' [VIDEO] "So nicely said Nick, was a brilliant episode and such a lovely memory for his family x," user @poodlejo tweeted. Monday's episode of Bargain Hunt saw David and Vicky, the red team, working alongside Izzie. While Eric was on hand to help the blue team with their antique search. Eric Knowles also presented the programme from Nottinghamshire as the teams got to work. "Well teams it really was a game of ups and downs," Eric said as he gathered the contestants to share their results. "Certainly after your three buys, you were both in a minus position. "I can say the team whose expert has given the biggest profit today is the blue team." Bargain Hunt is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.