A man has died in hospital after he was rescued from a house fire in Hackney, East London. Around 25 firefighters in four fire engines rushed to the blaze at a terraced home in Dericote Street close to London Fields at around 9pm on Wednesday.  Firefighters using breathing apparatus rescued two men from the first floor of the building moving on an internal staircase. Paramedics treated one man at the scene, according to The Evening Standard. The other man was taken to hospital where he later tragically died, London Fire Brigade confirmed on Friday. The fire was under control by around 10pm on Wednesday.  Although the cause was under investigation it is not believed to have been suspicious. On Wednesday London Fire Brigade confirmed that the two people on the scene had been treated for smoke inhalation. They also said that police and ambulance crews were on the scene. They said: "At 21:21hrs on Wednesday, 11 January police were called to Dericote Street, Hackney to support the London Fire Brigade and the London Ambulance Service at the scene of a fire.  READ MORE: Sophie ignores Harry's book in first personal message since claims "One man has been taken to hospital with potentially life threatening injuries. "Another two people were treated for smoke inhalation. "We await a further update on whether they will require hospital treatment." Writing on Twitter on Wednesday Hackney Council said they were assisting a family following the blaze.  DON'T MISS: Firm forced to pull down 'offensive' billboard poke fun in new advert [REVEAL] Dennis McGrory gets life sentence for murder and rape of teenager [INSIGHT] Full scale of British wind power laid bare as UK free from Russian gas [SPOTLIGHT] They said: "We are helping a family following a house fire in Dericote Street, E8. "Sadly one resident does need medical treatment. "We're providing accommodation to the family and their pet. "Our thanks go to colleagues from @LondonFire and @hackney_police for their work on the scene." 