Arsenal lost 1-0 to Manchester City in the fourth round of the FA Cup on Friday. Nathan Ake's second-half goal sent the 14-time winners out at the second time of asking. Express Sport is on hand with the Gunners player ratings after the tie at the Etihad. Matt Turner - 7 The USA international had a nervy moment early on when playing out from the back. But he got Rob Holding out of trouble on more than one occasion. He was quick off his line as City attempted to get in behind. Couldn't do much with Ake's opener. Growing to be a reliable No 2 for Arteta. Takehiro Tomiyasu - 7 Had an early shot saved in what would have been his first Arsenal goal. Generally did well up against Jack Grealish. Rob Holding - 5 Erling Haaland appeared to target Holding from the first minute. The defender was lucky not to be booked in the early stages but eventually was just before half-time. Holding was often second best and needed his goalkeeper to help him out on more than one occasion. Arsenal look far less assured when Saliba is not in the back line and the Frenchman replaced him at the break. Gabriel - 7 Has become increasingly assured this season and was solid again. Dealt with Haaland admirably in the second half.  Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE Kieran Tierney - 6 A very different type of left-back to Oleksandr Zinchenko. Almost inadvertently set up Haaland for a goal in the first half. Taken off after Ake's goal. Thomas Partey - 7 His inclusion in the starting XI shows the lack of faith in Albert Sambi Lokonga by Arteta. Partey put in a typical performance in holding midfield but Arsenal fans will be hoping his substitution at half-time was not due to an injury. Fabio Vieira - 5 It was always going to be difficult to step into the shoes of Martin Odegaard. But Vieira was largely ineffective, as has been the case on a number of occasions in his debut campaign. Granit Xhaka - 7 One of a couple of irreplaceable players in this Arsenal team. Almost laid on a fine assist for Nketiah to equalise. Quiet by his usual standards but still a threat when he received the ball. Was clearly tired in second half and was replaced with 15 minutes to go.    Eddie Nketiah - 7 Nketiah has come on so much this season and is becoming a more well-rounded striker. Missed a half chance in the first half after good work from Trossard. Leandro Trossard - 8 The Belgian impressed on his full debut. He came close to scoring when his fierce left-footed strike was superbly saved by Stefan Ortega. Trossard enjoyed the space he was given down the left when Rico Lewis drifted into the midfield. He appears to have settled into Arteta's style quickly. William Saliba - 6 Arsenal looked comfier at the back when Saliba replaced Holding, despite conceding.  Albert Sambi Lokonga - 6 Replaced Partey at the break. Isn't at the same level as the Ghanaian but did okay. Gabriel Martinelli - 6 Brought on to make a difference after Ake's goal and came close to doing so. Oleksandr Zinchenko - 6 Played final half hour in first appearance against City since leaving. Typically assured until a late booking. Martin Odegaard - 6 The skipper came on for final 15 minutes but was unable to make the desired impact. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 