Piers Morgan, 57, has hit back at former Health Secretary Matt Hancock, after he appeared on GMB this morning. Hancock, 44, was interviewed by well-known hosts Susanna Reid, 52, and Richard Madeley, 66. The MP joined ITV’s popular breakfast programme in his first ever interview after appearing on reality TV show I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! last year. In a grilling interview, the Conservative politician was forced to answer questions about his decision to appear on the hit TV show, in which he came third. Matt said he wanted to show the public who he was “as a person”, which he felt he could achieve by appearing on the show. He confessed to the hosts: "ITV asked me to come on and they offered me a fee as part of that but my primary motivation was to communicate with people about who I am as a person. READ MORE... Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid'  “You find that as a politician you find that you are getting all the tough questions, I was a politician during a particularly difficult time with very serious stuff going on, incredibly difficult for the country."    Hancock went on to reveal, while aiming a swipe at former GMB host Piers Morgan: “What the public knew about me was through a particular lens. Coming on this programme [Good Morning Britain] and Piers Morgan chatting monologues at me for 20 minutes… It was totally ridiculous."    Piers presented GMB alongside Susanna Reid and was known for his opinion-led style and tough interviewing skills, but left the show in 2021.    He is now the host of his own show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, on TalkTV.   “If I’d known what a lying rule-breaking toad he really was, I’d have gone much harder.” Many of Morgan’s Twitter followers agreed, with user @JTLJH commenting: “He shows no remorse or regret in my opinion, if he did he would have argued [sic] back more but every question, you could see him thinking [about] how to answer. Someone who had done no wrong wouldn’t need to think.” @JuliaSelwood added: “What a car crash interview, Matt isn't coming out very well, just apologise publicly.” DON'T MISS:Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before deathZoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms However not everyone agreed, with one of Piers’ followers, @davey_cryer, replying: “They [Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley] handled it incredibly badly [sic], Piers. Matt came across great.” As well as addressing his reasons for appearing on the hit reality TV show, he was quizzed about his affair with colleague, Gina Coladangelo, 45, where he broke his own strict Covid guidelines. The MP has continuously defended his affair, saying that he is “only human”. Hancock was confronted by broadcaster and GMB presenter, Kate Garraway, whose husband has been left severely ill after contracting Covid and is one of the UK’s longest suffering patients. Kate pleaded with the former health secretary: "You still don't get why people are upset. They want to hold you to more account."    The Conservative MP announced in December last year that he will be standing down at the next election.    When asked about his plans for the future on GMB earlier today, he said he will focus on what he wants to do this year.    Susanna Reid followed up on this, asking if he has ever considered presenting on GMB.    He smiled and admitted: “No, I'm not going to be applying for your job, you're doing too well." 