Cristiano Ronaldo’s body language during Al-Nassr training shows that the player is still as motivated as ever to win trophies and enjoy success. The 37-year-old joined the Saudi Arabian club at the end of December after having his Manchester United contract terminated in November. Ronaldo has been pictured in training alongside his new team-mates as he prepares for his Al-Nassr debut. In one picture he is shown enthusiastically jumping for the ball as he rises above his colleagues. The image is accompanied by a picture of a goat, with the wording: “The best.” The second picture shows Ronaldo doing box jumps in the gym. And the veteran looks determined to make a good impression in front of his new coaches. Ronaldo has been unavailable for action since moving to Saudi Arabia as he serves a two-match ban dished out by the FA. The player was given a £50,000 fine and suspended after he had left the Red Devils following an incident last season where he smashed a phone out of an Everton fan’s hand. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Ronaldo was subsequently forced to miss his Al-Nassr’s 2-0 Saudi Pro League victory over Al-Tai last Friday and will sit out his team’s clash with Al-Shabab on Saturday. The striker is set to make his competitive debut for his new club against Ettifaq on Sunday, January 22. Three days before that he will line-up for a combined Al-Nassr and Al-Hilal team when they take on Paris Saint-Germain in the Riyadh Season Cup. But Ronaldo’s manager Rudi Garcia is not happy that the clash with PSG is going ahead. “It (his debut) won't be with the Al-Nassr jersey,” Garcia said. “It will be a mix between Al-Hilal and Al-Nassr. As the coach of Al-Nassr, I cannot be happy with this match. For development, to see PSG, to see the great Parisian players, indeed it is a good thing. But we have a championship game three days later. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWCristiano Ronaldo could help Man Utd sign Wout Weghorst due to separate Besiktas deal talks  “In terms of scheduling, it could have been better thought out. But it's not a big deal, we are in the lead, we are happy. It is a difficult championship to win, but we intend to do it.” Ronaldo will go down as one of the best players in the history of the game when he retires after winning a whole host of trophies in Europe during two spells with Manchester United and stints with Real Madrid and Juventus. The blockbuster star won five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups, three Premier League titles, two La Liga championships and two Serie A titles. He also won Euro 2016 with Portugal and lifted the Ballon d’Or on five occasions. 