Breakups are never easy but Rod, which is not his real name, found a novel way to move on with his life. The Aussie carpenter from rural New South Wales decided to purchase a $2064 sex doll named Karina. The 54-year-old had been left “frozen” in a state of loneliness in 2021 when he ordered Karina online after searching for sexual stimulation tools. Despite having zero knowledge about sex dolls, the 54-year-old said Karina “changed his life in many ways” and finally gave him something to care for. “The doll became by synthetic physical companion,” Rod told Mamamia. “Slowly my heart opened up, and I was distracted from my grief of losing my ex [fiancée] that just wouldn’t go away by itself.” A mere two months after purchasing Karina, Rod made the big decision to introduce her to his mom in Victoria for Christmas. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's ex 'erased' from biopic shares photos with King to celebrate his birthday “Mum basically looked at her [Karina] as if she was poison,” Rod told 7News. After she got over the initial shock, the 85-year-old started warming to her son's new love interest. Rod’s mom picked out jewellery and clothes for Karina. “In the end, she warmed up – it was like a long lost daughter – she really got into it,” he said. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan 'hurt' as Netflix show backfires in US [REPORT]Richard Branson says he found Elon Musk in his kitchen [INSIGHT]Police officer sentenced after wife put his semen in cupcakes [LATEST] The Aussie bought another sex doll named Lauren for a discounted price of $2000, who Rod described as a “daydreamer” and Karina’s sister. Rod also started a long-distance relationship with a woman named Jenny from Vietnam not long after purchasing his two dolls. While the couple are now happily engaged, the 54-year-old claims there were “tense moments” when Jenny discovered Lauren and Karina. “She accepted my hobby after some time, and often would help me with some advice,” he told Mamamia. READ MORE: Incredible photos capture Hawaii's Kilauea volcano spewing lava into atmosphere Rod said his dolls keep him company when he can’t be with Jenny. He uses his spare time to bath, dress, pamper and photograph them. Since purchasing the dolls, Rod has taken an interest in photography and manages an Instagram account, @karina_luvly, dedicated to Karina’s modelling shots. Not only has his social skills improved since ordering Karina, but Rod also secured a contract with a Chinese manufacturer to photograph promotional material for their adult dolls. The story comes weeks after South Korea formally lifted a ban on the import of full-body sex dolls, ending years of debate over how much the Government can interfere in private life. Although there are no laws or regulations banning the import of sex dolls, hundreds, and perhaps thousands, have been seized by the customs, which cited a clause in the law that bans the import of goods that “harm the country’s beautiful traditions and public moral". On Monday, the Korea Customs Service said in a statement that it began enforcing a revised guideline for import of life-size adult sex dolls. It said it reviewed recent court rulings and opinions from relevant government agencies including the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family.