As well as discussing the present day as a husband and father and his past life as a senior member of the Royal Family, Harry also discusses his childhood days in detail. The 38-year-old recalls a memory from his school days. In his memoir, Harry wrote: "There was one teacher in particular who, every time he surprised me, gave me a tremendous smack, always with a copy of the New English Bible. The hardback version; "and so hard", I thought." Harry added: "Getting smacked with it made me feel bad about myself, the teacher and the Bible. However, the next night, I was back at it again, and I would break the rules again." The Duke of Sussex then spoke about a friend that he had during his school days, also called Henry and known as Henners. Speaking of his friend, Harry wrote: "Skinny, no muscles and his hair in a permanent state of rebellion, Henners was all heart. "Whenever he smiled, people melted (he was the only boy who spoke to me about my mother after she disappeared). But that irresistible smile, that tenderness, made people forget that Henners could be very, very naughty." READ MORE: William devastated by 'utter distortion of reality' as Harry branded 'traitor' over memoir Henners, whose full name was Henry van Straubenzee, died in December 2002. Henry was killed instantly in a car crash aged 18. William and Harry are patrons of the Henry van Straubenzee Memorial Fund. The memorial fund set up for their friend completed over 1,700 projects in East Uganda and helped over 35,000 children complete their education. READ MORE: ‘Furious’ William could ‘ban Harry from Charles’s coronation’ after his bombshell claims Speaking of his childhood, in the official release information on their website, Penguin Random House promised that Harry would, for the first time, be writing about the moment he and William "walked behind their mother's coffin as the world watched on". Harry was just 12 when his late mother, Princess Diana was killed in a car crash in August 1997. At 15, William was three years older than Harry. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] Prince Harry's memoir release was revealed in July 2021 by publishing house, Penguin Random House. It was originally scheduled for release in late 2022. However, at the end of 2022 and after much speculation, Penguin Random House released the official release date as January 10, 2023.