Priya Sharma (played by Fiona Wade) accepted a job in London after newcomer Justin was impressed by her work at Take A Vow. However, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) was furious when she found out as she had planned on leaving Emmerdale and start a new career in London. The pair argued in the latest episode, and as fans took Priya’s side, they shared their heartache over her coming exit. Later this week, David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) is furious when he hears Priya and their daughter Amba are leaving. He kidnaps the tot and takes her to a cottage with his son Theo as he plans to put a stop to Priya’s move. Priya is devastated as she realises her daughter is missing and threatens to call the police. However, Leyla realises David has the children and races to find him before the police too. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star David refuses to see sense and hand over Amba but spoiler pictures confirm Priya reunites with her daughter. After coming to a resolution with David, Priya waves goodbye to the village. ITV viewers know Priya is set to leave as Fiona confirmed her exit earlier this month. Unfortunately, fans are devastated to see her go and took to Twitter to blast the soap for “under using” her. User Redbay37 tweeted: “#emmerdale really under used Priya as a character. Sincerely hope Fiona goes onto bigger n better things, she deserves it. “Not easy to leave a regular show, hope her guts to take that risk pays off big time.” Leah Allan added: “Go on Priya I’ll definitely miss her though #Emmerdale.” “Go Priya! Although I will miss her #emmerdale,” Caroline 196600 tweeted. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' heartbreaking Paddy storyline [THEORY]Fiona Wade is leaving Emmerdale as Priya after 11 years [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale fans fear Cain's leaving soap after history repeats itself [SPOILER] TVJuice joked: “Every person who has left recently if not killed then has left for a job opportunity? “Tracy, Kerry, Vanessa, now Priya? Could they not come up with anything more creative? #Emmerdale.” Super Gav posted: “With Priya gone, it’ll be one less reason to watch Emmerdale #Emmerdale.” Alan Nelson shared: “I will miss priya. #Emmerdale.” Fiona isn’t the only Emmerdale icon leaving the soap as writer Sharon Marshall revealed her last episode aired on Friday. Posting on Instagram, she shared a snap of herself outside of the Woolpack and wrote: “My last Emmerdale is tonight at 7.30pm. "Off to writing pastures new now but it's been an absolute joy and privilege to play in the Dales for six years. I'll hugely miss the fabulous team.” Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm.