Filming for the highly anticipated final season of The Crown began last September and is currently still ongoing in London. As millions of Netflix subscribers await the first look at season six, commuters were treated to a surprising sight on Wednesday when Canary Wharf was transformed into the US city of Chicago to film some key scenes. The London financial district was adorned with signs, vehicles and a Chicago police officer this week for filming of The Crown. In the sixth season of the popular royal drama, Canary Wharf will take the place of the Windy City as the series hits the turn of the century. Snaps of the roads around Canada Square revealed a police car, a Chicago coach bus and a hot dog stand will feature in the series. A Chicago Transport System sign confirmed the scenes would be taking place around Michigan Avenue and Ida B Wells Drive. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now Plus, a full presidential motorcade made its way through the streets. Onlookers were said to have watched in amazement as the "US President" drove by preceded by two cops on motorcycles. Season six will primarily be set in the early Noughties, beginning around 1998 and concluding in 2005. It will begin with the tragic death of Princess Diana (played by Elizabeth Debicki) before moving on to some of the Royal Family’s toughest moments at the start of the 21st Century. These latest snaps also confirm The Crown will once again head Stateside at some point in the show’s final 10 episodes. It’s currently unknown which US President was being filmed in the Cadillac as the full cast of season six is yet to be revealed. Returning from season five will be Imelda Staunton as Queen Elizabeth II and Jonathan Pryce as Prince Philip. Princess Margaret (Lesley Manville), Prince Charles (Dominic West) and Camilla Parker Bowles (Olivia Williams) will also all return. DON'T MISS:Bridgerton filming snaps 'confirm' Penelope and Colin romance [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Captain Sandy admits ‘this isn’t easy’ as stew fired [LATEST]The Rookie teases tragedy for season 5 newcomer [VIDEO] Kicking off in the late '90s, presidents Bill Clinton and George W Bush could be expected to appear at some point. However, US leaders haven’t made a significant appearance in the series since Margaret met Lyndon B Johnson (Clancy Brown) in season three. As filming began last September, more details regarding The Crown’s sixth season are expected to emerge throughout this year. Netflix has yet to confirm a premiere date, but the final episodes are projected to be released by the end of this year. The latest seasons have been met with controversy for their depiction of Prince Charles, Diana and the royals as a whole. Although it has continued to receive acclaim, viewers have remained divided on the series and questioned its authenticity. Season six is expected to generate the same level of debate, though it’s hoped the final episodes will bring The Crown to a satisfying conclusion despite not catching up to the present day. The Crown seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.