A Metropolitan Police officer who bound a woman and cut her with a knife is among dozens of officers facing the sack this year. Approximately 23 officers from the London force make up the majority of the 39 who face misconduct hearings across England and Wales. They make up some of the worst offenders as officials seek crucial reforms for the UK's policing crisis. Met Police PC Sam Grigg was sacked for discreditable conduct on Monday after he pled guilty to false imprisonment and actual bodily harm in Kingston Crown Court. A listing for the hearing from the service stated that Grigg "unlawfully imprisoned and detained a female against her will" by binding her wrists and ankles with tape. The statement added that Grigg also covered her mouth and cut her free after a "short period of time" using a knife and "cutting her in the process”. He faces sentencing on February 10. The PC was one of several found to have committed shocking acts, with another found to have downloaded "indecent images" of children. Cambridgeshire Constabulary Detective Constable James Jordan was also sacked on Monday after pleading guilty to misconduct in public office and making indecent images of children. The police force said he had "accessed confidential police systems" without policing purpose and "downloaded indecent images of children". He also accessed "images of victims in voyeurism cases and accessed confidential files”. Among the images were 63 in category A, the most severe of three relating to indecent images. Jordan later admitted to using the systems to download the content but denied having a sexual interest in children. He faces sentencing on February 10 after pleading guilty to eight offences at St Albans Crown Court in December 2022. The Met Police has another eight current and former officers facing a misconduct hearing from February 20 following accusations that they posted sexist, racist and homophobic posts on a WhatsApp group. The officers, part of an operation "Redmires" will be accused of breaching professional standards, including respect and courtesy, equality and diversity and reporting improper conduct. They include Sergeant Luke Thomas, Former Acting Sergeant Luke Allen, former PC Kelsey Buchan, former PC Carlo Francisco, former PC Lee South, former PC Darren Jenner, PC Glynn Rees, and an unnamed “Officer B”. The eight misconduct hearings come following a warning from Met commissioner Sir Mark Rowley, who last week that he expects "two or three officers" will go to court each week in the coming months. He said “more painful stories” would come as Scotland Yard targets unsuitable officers.