Britney Spears, 41, took to social media to set the record straight after photos celebrating celebrity agent Cade Hudson's birthday featured her. Despite Cade apparently having been instrumental in ending her conservatorship, Britney insisted the snaps posted by socialite Paris Hilton were throwbacks and was adamant that she hadn't attended anyone's party in years. TMZ previously reported that Britney and Paris had been "together all night" at last weekend's epic celebrations, held at The Park in Santa Monica - claims the singer has denied. The report surfaced after Paris posted a montage of photos to Instagram celebrating Cade, including one of the trio posing together. However, Britney insisted yesterday that the picture was a throwback and that she hadn't been present at all. "Have no idea about these pics of me from a birthday party. I haven’t been to a bday party in forever!" she wrote, in view of her 41 million followers, while dancing around in a bright red crop top emblazoned with the words Coca Cola. READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' "As for the pics, those have to be from years ago!!!" the baffled songstress continued. "Kind of creepy and weird that no one is talking about that … makes no sense whatsoever!!!” Paris has since replied after it was suggested she had photoshopped her pal Britney into the pictures. As fans joked in the comments about a fake "AI version" of Britney and called Paris "shady", she responded calling the claims "ridiculous". "To all of those asking. Some of these photos were taken on an iPhone so they ended up being blurry," Paris explained. "So they used this app called Remini to make it look unblurry and sometimes the Ai distorts images. "Didn't want to even dignify this with a response, but some of these conspiracy theories are absolutely ridiculous!" Paris had previously shared the montage of photos, which also included her sister Nicky and actress Drew Barrymore, as an ode to agent Cade, on his 35th birthday. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Paddy teases what is to come in 'messy fall out' with Chas [SOAP NEWS] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [LATEST] Carol Vorderman 'wiggles' bottom wearing leather in very sultry clip [PICTURES] Paris has had a longstanding friendship with Britney as well, vocally supporting her bid for freedom until she was released from her 13-year conservatorship last year. The pair were frequently seen out together with Lindsay Lohan in the mid-2000s when being swarmed by paparazzi. More recently, Paris was also one of the special guests at Britney's wedding to Sam Asghari back in June 2022, describing the bride as being like an "angel" from a "fairytale". She even admitted she'd turned down a request from President Biden to DJ for him so that she could witness her pal tie the knot. The singer raised eyebrows after she posted a picture last week wearing a wedding veil, declaring that she'd married herself. She also controversially flicked the flame of a lighter with her tongue on camera in a video released to Instagram, which caused concern among some fans. However, she seems much happier in recent months than before, and has posted some joyous dance videos which she described as finding her "playground". "I meditated to “Hips Don’t Lie” by @shakira!!!" she wrote in one caption, adding: "I just said 'keep shaking your a**' and I did for 3 hours!!!"