Moises Caicedo has reportedly told Brighton that he would “love to take the opportunity" and join Arsenal this month despite the Seagulls' strong stance over a potential sale. The Ecuador international is the subject of firm interest from both Arsenal and Chelsea as both London clubs seek to twist the arm of Amex Stadium chiefs during January transfer negotiations.  Chelsea's opening bid of £55million was rejected out of hand earlier this month but the Blues could yet return to the table with an improved offer. Meanwhile, Arsenal have now trumped that bid by offering £60m for the 21-year-old, who has made just 26 appearances in the Premier League since arriving for £4.5m from Ecuadorian side Independiente del Valle in 2021. Brighton have made it clear their midfield maestro is not for sale at any price this month but still, Arsenal continue to probe as they seek to sign extra competition for both Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey. According to Fabrizio Romano, Caicedo is really keen on the move to the Emirates Stadium and has even made that clear to Brighton during private conversations. READ MORE: Arsenal have four players that could sweeten Moises Caicedo negotiations with Brighton It's understood the highly-coveted talent has made it known that he's ready to pursue a new challenge to fulfil his dreams of playing for one of the biggest clubs in the world in a bitter blow for Brighton. It remains to be seen whether he will feature on Sunday when the Seagulls host Liverpool in the FA Cup fourth round. Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi recently banished Leandro Trossard from the Albion squad amid uncertainty over the Belgian's future before his recent move to Arsenal. Now he could potentially follow suit if he senses Caicedo is distracted by speculation around his future or furthermore, if the midfielder has told Albion he wants out. READ MOREFour midfield transfer bargains Arsenal should be all over after Mo Elneny injury concernArsenal's new transfer priority becomes clear after nail-biting Man Utd victoryArsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Caicedo recently changed agents and his new representatives are also responsible for fellow Arsenal target Ivan Fresneda, who remains on Edu's January transfer radar. Although it seems Caicedo wants out, he did recently indicate he was targeting a Europe League finish with his current club. He told Brighton's website: “We are having a great season with this coach and I am sure we are going to stay up there in the table. We are training very well, are very focused on every match and I’m sure we will take Brighton to a qualification place for the Europa League." Arsenal are preparing a big-money swoop for Declan Rice in the summer when he enters the final 12 months of his West Ham deal. But speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Mikel Arteta made it known that he would like to sign a midfielder this month as cover for Mohamed Elneny. “We need some more cover in midfield ideally if we can,” Arteta explained. “In this market it’s pretty complicated to do that. The most important thing is that we get the performances and the time on the pitch that we need with the players we have available today that are already really good.” Arsenal have also looked at Everton's Amadou Onana and Real Sociedad's Martin Zubimendi but have been put off by the latter's £53m release clause written into his current contract in the Basque Country. The Gunners have already made two January signings this month in the form of Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior, who arrived from Brighton and Spezia, respectively.