A dad and son landed a record-breaking catch after reeling in a huge 162lb sea beast. Keith Dees and his son Huntley were on their annual Thanksgiving fishing trip, and had already landed several redfish and largemouth bass. However, Keith’s last catch of the day proved to be monstrous, with the creature believed to date back more than 100 million years. Posting about it on his Facebook, the father said: “About 11:30 we decided to fish one more spot. “I made a cast and about half way back to the boat my chatterbait just went slack. "Reeling as fast as I could, I got it tight just before I saw a big fish swim by my trolling motor. “Had no idea what it was until it surfaced after about 30 minutes." Later, Keith told Outdoor Alabama, the official website of the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR), he thought it was just another redfish at first. After reeling in the creature at the Mobile-Tensaw Delta, Alabama, he said: We were laughing and joking about what I had. “Then I thought it might be a big black drum." Keith and his son spent two hours of fighting to get the alligator gar up to the boat. The creature is a terrifying-looking freshwater fish dating back over 100million years, 35million years before the last dinosaurs went extinct. “When he hit the boat, we cut up like two schoolgirls, like nobody is going to believe this happened,” he said. READ MORE: Footage shows cars riddled with bullets after cop face off Keith’s catch officially weighed at Orange Beach Marina and tipped the scales at 162lbs, surpassing the previous Alabama state record by 11lbs. “When it comes up, I knew it was big, but I didn’t even remotely know it was a state record. That never crossed my mind," he said. He also had to call the Department of Conservation & Natural Resources to verify if they were allowed to keep the fish, which he planned to eat, and permission was granted. Alligator gar can grow to be around 7ft-long, although there is anecdotal evidence of some reaching 10ft. They are the largest species in the gar family among the largest freshwater fish in North America. Alligator gar are known as "living fossils" having retained some of the features of their prehistoric ancestors, and are now located primarily in the southern portions of the US extending into Mexico.