Manchester United have received an apology from the Premier League for scheduling their match against Crystal Palace for later this month. The decision means that Erik ten Hag’s side will play four games in the space of just 12 days. United are currently fourth in the Premier League and have a live chance of success in both the FA Cup and Carabao Cup. However, their strong start to the season means that the Red Devils’ squad will be truly tested over the coming weeks as they look to juggle their busy fixture list. Ten Hag bolstered his ranks over the summer but is not expected to splash the cash this month, with a forward the main priority. Though it remains to be seen whether the former Ajax boss can get fresh faces through the door in time for their jam-packed end to the month. The Red Devils have had another match added to their schedule, which the Premier League has apologised for. Their statement read: “The Palace v Man Utd match will take place on Wednesday, January 18, 8pm kick-off. "The Premier League apologises for the late notice in confirming this fixture and understands supporters’ frustrations. While the League endeavours to give greater notice for rescheduling, the unique circumstances around these fixtures mean we were unable to." The match against Crystal Palace was originally scheduled to take place at Selhurst Park on September 11 but was postponed after the country was placed into a state of mourning due to the passing of Queen Elizabeth II. The Premier League’s decision means that United will face Charlton on Tuesday, January 10 at Old Trafford before hosting fierce rivals Manchester City on Saturday 14/01. Ten Hag’s side will then have three full days to recover before travelling to Selhurst Park to face Patrick Vieira’s Palace. United then round off their tricky 12 days by taking on table-topping Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday 22/01. It remains to be seen how Ten Hag reacts to the news of his sudden fixture list alteration and whether he will complain about the decision. Some United fringe stars will be licking their lips at the prospect of a flurry of matches though in hope that they will be called upon by their manager. The likes of Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Anthony Elanga have struggled for minutes at the Theatre of Dreams of late but will feel they have a good chance of being selected soon.