The FBI allegedly directed police officers to stop Bryan Kohberger twice as he crossed the state towards Pennsylvania to secure footage of his hands. A law enforcement source claimed investigators tracking Kohberger's movements made the request to have him pulled over twice as he travelled westwards with his father Michael. Bodycam footage shows the Idaho murders suspect and his dad talking with a Hancock County Police Department officer in Indiana. The source suggested FBI investigators were still firming up the case against Kohberger when they asked Indiana police to intervene on December 15. The anonymous insider told Fox News the Bureau was looking into securing video of Kohberger as well as images of his hands, adding that genealogy played a pivotal role in identifying the alleged murderer. In the video, Michael Kohberger can be seen exchanging small talk with the officer, telling him they were "coming from WSU". Kohberger is a PhD student at Washington State University, Pullman and was travelling to Pennsylvania to spend the holidays with his family. JUST IN: China says Covid is 'under control' as international experts fear 9,000 daily deaths The officer said: "So you're coming from Washington State University, and you're going where?" The suspect's father replied: "We're going to Pennsylvania." He also could be heard saying both he and his son were "slightly punchy" after spending "hours and hours" driving. Kohberger appears to be driving a white Hyundai Elantra, the same make and model of a car Moscow Police was seeking in connection to the murder. The car, believed to be a 2015 model, was issued a new licence five days after the murder, according to Washington State licensing documents. READ MORE: McCarthy 'very confident' in win as he refuses to withdraw after losing 6 rounds of votes The video was released hours before Kohberger returned to Idaho to face four charges of first-degree murder in connection with the killings of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, also 20. Kohberger waived his rights to fight an extradition hearing to return him from Pennsylvania - where he was arrested on December 30 - to Idaho. The 28-year-old's public defendant, Jason LaBar, said his client "believes he'll be exonerated" as the charges are "a little out of character". Kohberger was arrested at his parents' house six weeks after the deaths of the four University of Idaho students. Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were found on the second and third floor of the women's off-campus residence in Moscow, Idaho. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'bitterly jealous' of William and Kate - commentator [REPORT]Taylor Greene in blistering rant as she slams colleagues over McCarthy [INSIGHT]Gen Z Rep-elect says he will 'couch surf' instead of renting in DC [ANALYSIS] Kohberger's term residence is in Pullman, approximately 9.4 miles away from the murder scene. The coroner's initial report said all four victims died of multiple stab wounds and some of them showed signs of defensive wounds. They were likely asleep when the deadly attack began. Goncalves and Mogen had spent the evening at a bar in Moscow and returned home with a privately hired car in the early hours of November 13. Kernodle and Chapin attended a party at a frat house on campus and walked back to her residence before 3am. The bodies of the four University of Idaho students were found the following morning by two surviving roommates who lived on a different floor. Moscow Police said on Friday they believe the murder suspect to be the culprit and confirmed no further detail of their investigation will be made public until the trial.