Stefanos Tsitsipas is full of motivation after reaching his maiden Australian Open final with a 7-6(2) 6-4 6-7(6) 6-3 victory over Karen Khachanov. The Greek star will not only be bidding for his first Grand Slam title on Sunday but will also become the new world No 1 with a win and admitted that it was his "childhood dream" to reach the top as he was already raring to go against either Novak Djokovic or Tommy Paul. Tsitsipas' maiden Australian Open final will carry some extra pressure, with the world No 1 ranking also on the line. The 24-year-old is one win away from making his debut at the top spot but will have either Djokovic or Paul in his way, with the Serb also playing for world No 1 if he reaches the final. The Greek star faced the 21-time Major champion in his first Grand Slam final at the French Open two years ago and lost from two sets up, but he doesn't appear bothered about the past as he shared his motivation to win on Sunday in a warning to his eventual opponent. "I like that number," he said when asked for his thoughts on becoming the new world No 1. "It's all about you, it's singular, it's one." The third seed also explained what it would mean to him, continuing: "These are the moments that I've been working hard for, to be able to play finals like this, finals that have bigger meaning than just a final. So it's a Grand Slam final, I'm fighting for the No 1 spot, it's a childhood dream to be capturing that No 1 spot one day. I'm close" JUST IN: Ukrainian star fears 'aggressive Djokovic fans' after slamming protest   Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport Tsitsipas is also hoping to have the crowd on side during Sunday's final, as he previously claimed that the Aussie Open felt like his home Slam given the amount of Greek supporters in the stands. "I'm happy that this opportunity comes here in Australia and not let's say somewhere else because this is a place that has great significance," he added before addressing the crowd. "So let's do it guys, let's go!" While the current world No 4 is already ready to go with two days until the championship match, he is well aware of the challenge he will face in the final if he plays Djokovic - a nine-time champion in Melbourne. "Well we have a player that has played nine or 10 finals here? Nine," he said, assessing his potential opponents before turning his attention to first-time Grand Slam semi-finalist Paul. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take placeDjokovic's dad breaks silence after being caught in pro-Russia videoNovak Djokovic 'won't miss Roger Federer' as Nadal rivalry heats up  “And a player my generation. I grew up playing with Tommy in the junior categories, we played each other a lot of time in juniors so it’s kind of beautiful as well to see him come from behind and be able to play those semis in Grand Slam events and brings back memories for sure," Tsitsipas said. Djokovic and Paul will do battle for the first time in Friday's second semi-final for the chance to face Tsitsipas on Sunday. The Greek player trails his head-to-head with Djokovic by 10 losses to two wins after taking a 2-1 lead after their first three meetings but is unbeaten against Paul on the tour with three wins in three matches.