A woman who at just 24 bought her first home told how she saved since her paper round and "made sacrifices" to get on the property ladder. Sarah Yates has advised young people to "penny-pinch" and "be really sensible" in order to nab their first house. The woman, who is now 27, managed to put together her deposit by saving since she had a paper round in her teens. She was teased by peers for continuing the job at college but, in August 2020, her hard work paid off when she got the keys to her home. Sarah, who now is a journalist, bought the two-bed terraced property in Stockport, Greater Manchester for £139,000, after having an offer accepted weeks before the first COVID-19 lockdown was imposed. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, Sarah said: "I know it's really, really tough at the minute but you just have to make sacrifices, you have to miss nights out and you just need to be really sensible. "Penny-pinch and be that tight friend that everyone kind of laughs at because it will pay off in the long run when you own your own house. "If you can get a second job and you can still enjoy a decent quality of life, there they are a lot of little jobs where you can pick up a few extra hours a week which can then go straight towards saving for a deposit."  Sarah also took a job at Clarks shoe store shen she was a teenager, again with the intention to save enough money for her first property. "I’ve been an avid saver since I was young. When I was about 14 I had a paper round and I didn’t stop doing that until I was in the first year of college," she said. "People used to take the mick out of me. I remember one of the boys said that they’d seen me one morning and I told him it wasn’t me because I was so mortified and embarrassed. I then quit and I got a job at Clarks, then I got my first job as a journalist when I was 19. I've just always tried to save." The woman was also able to live with her parents in Stockport as she grew up, which she says helped her save her funds too. Sarah added: "I was fortunate enough to live with my mum and dad up until I bought my first house. I started looking to get on the property ladder when I was about 24. "The first house that I put an offer on was £120,000. It was a really gorgeous little terrace house and it even had a driveway but unfortunately I lost out on that. "I put offers on about five different houses over the course of a year but my offers kept getting declined and that's when I realised that people were offering quite a lot more than the asking price." The reporter faced more challenges until, in March 2020, she stumbled upon a two-bed terrace house in the suburb that was in a run-down state. Her offer was accepted, in part she feels due to the pandemic, and Sarah had the keys within six months. She found the best mortgage deal without using a broker. The woman said: "My offer was accepted in March 2020 which was right at the start of the pandemic. I think that’s one of the reasons why I got it for the price that I did because of the uncertainty at the time, people weren’t sure if they could buy because they weren't sure if their jobs were safe. "I knew it (the property) was a state but I didn't realise until I had bought it that the concrete below the house would need completely relaying because it was so uneven. There was a lot of work to do "I didn't get a mortgage broker because I feel that I’m quite savvy with my money. I'm big on Martin Lewis so I used his mortgage calculator tool and I looked on there to find the best mortgage deal for me. "I then went straight to the bank which cut out the broker and saved me a bit of money. I was lucky as well with the rates back then, I think my mortgage rate is 1.7 or 1.8."  The first-time buyer was able to work on the property during spare time amid the lockdown. "Over nine months I ripped everything out and the whole house was re-plastered, I got all new doors and I had a window put in the front bedroom to open it up," she continued. "I didn’t have a never ending pot of money so I had to be sensible and budget for everything. I just had to gradually buy things as we went along. "I bought whatever I needed from wherever was cheapest, whether that was Screwfix, B&Q or Toolstation, even if it was cheaper by pennies I didn't care because they all add up. "A lot of work I did myself to cut costs such as stripping walls, tiling and painting. YouTube was my best friend during the renovation. The windows all needed resealing so I just thought rather than paying someone, I can learn how to do it myself. "Anything I needed help with I paid my family and friends to do which helped to keep the costs down, and my cousin who rents one of the rooms off me also helped too. "I definitely saved around a few grand by doing what I can by myself. I also found that utilising zero percent credit cards was a good way to pay for things in the house that I needed to pay for upfront."  Describing her interior style, Sarah said: "It's very simplistic and minimalist, I like a lot of light colours and earthy tones. I just like to try and keep the space as light and airy as possible. "I initially wanted a shaker style kitchen but the cost was a lot more expensive so I went with handle-less and then to make it look a bit nicer I invested in Quartz workshops rather than laminate. "I also couldn't afford real wood flooring but I shopped around for laminate which I got from B&Q which looks almost like real wood." Sarah added: "There’s still work to do, for example, I want to get the front of the house re-rendered eventually. Also the fireplace is waiting to be finished, that's another job that I am doing myself, I've got the tiles they're just waiting to be put down. "I want to get a nice mantlepiece and then an electric log burner to give it the look of a log burner without the £2,000 price tag."  Walking us through the layout of her house, Sarah described: "I’ve got a tiny yard at the front, then you through the front door and you're in the living room, then you pass through into the kitchen. There's a small extension at the back with a bathroom in it which is great because it saves space upstairs. "Upstairs I've got two double bedrooms, and then you go up another set of stairs and there's the loft conversion, which is being used as an office currently." Sarah says she is extremely proud to be a solo home owner. “I just love that it's mine, I'm proud that I have managed to buy my own house and do it all up," she said. "Everything that's in here has come down to my choice and my decisions. It’s exactly how I wanted it to be, it’s homely and it's got a very clean aesthetic. I just love it. “I reckon I will be here for another three or four years and then the plan is at that hopefully then I'll have a good deposit for a second home. I don’t ever want to get rid of this, I’d like to rent it out.” 