Millions of fans are still tuning into one of the biggest shows in the States for more high-stakes missions with Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole) and the NCIS team. When the hit CBS drama returns next week, Nicolas Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) will have to put himself in grave danger to seek justice for an old friend. Torres is heading into dangerous territory when he decides to go undercover for the next episode of NCIS, Big Rig. The synopsis for the episode reads: “When an old pal of Torres' comes to him - dishevelled and bloodied - for guidance amidst an undercover FBI operation and then disappears, NCIS helps track him down. “Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) prepares to be a contestant on a popular game show.” While McGee’s side story promises some more light-hearted fare, Torres’ next mission will be personal. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums In the latest promo, Torres and his partner Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) are called to the scene of a car fire. A firefighter uses a crowbar to pry open the boot, and the two agents are shocked by what they find inside. Later, a special investigation report is shown, followed by footage of someone who could be a suspect skulking around a bathroom and pulling out a pistol. Torres then tells a concerned Parker, “I’ll go undercover.” “Are you sure about this?” the NCIS boss asks, to which Torres gives a stern nod. Hopefully, Torres’ investigative expertise pulls through and his mission is successful, although the agent’s recent track record could be cause for alarm. In the season 19 episode Fight or Flight, the NCIS operative worries his team by going undercover in an underground fight club. Crushed by the departure of Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon), Torres lets his emotions get the better of him and takes a brutal beating during a cage match. DON'T MISS:1000-lb Best Friends fans outraged by Meghan’s Dr Procter row [BACKLASH]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey teases Tennant and Whistler team-up [INSIGHT]1923 star shares why he agreed to role despite early exit [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, he eventually gains the upper hand, but not before McGee, posing as his handler, begs him to tap out of the fight. Earlier in the episode, the other agents reveal they’re concerned for Torres’ well-being after he’s been avoiding the team and staying out late in the weeks after Gibbs’ exit. Thankfully, he’s managed to work through his abandonment issues, though he clearly still has a rebellious streak. His new boss, Parker, is right to be concerned about his next case if last season’s undercover mission is anything to go by. Given his next job also involves the well-being of a personal friend, Torres could be about to step out of line and cause some serious harm to NCIS’ reputation. The next episode will also feature Zane Holtz’s return as agent Dale Sawyer, who will undoubtedly ruffle some feathers while the agents tackle another sensitive investigation. Can Torres be trusted to pull off his mission without a hitch? Or will Parker be forced to send someone in after him to ensure no one gets hurt? NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.