THE thin, frail man in an unprepossessing brown and white woolly hat and sheepskin jacket had arrived for his medical appointment in the Sicilian capital Palermo yesterday hoping for good news about his colon cancer. But rather than meeting his consultant, he was surrounded in minutes by 100 heavily armed men intent on his capture. Thus, after an astonishing 33 years at large, was mafia godfather Matteo Messina Denaro – nicknamed Diabolik – finally taken into custody. Not without a final attempt to escape, however. As police stormed the building, the 60-year-old made one final dash for freedom…only to be captured in a cafe attached to the private clinic. Away from his phalanx of bodyguards, he looked bewildered as he was seized by Carabinieri police at La Maddalena hospital – where he had arrived for a check-up having apparently undergone a cancer operation a year ago – and bundled into a black van. Italy’s most wanted mafia boss said to have ordered the killing of enough enemies to fill a cemetery, would have felt his own fear as his reign of the Cosa Nostra ended after more than three bloody decades. On Palermo’s streets, locals shook the hands of the elite police officers in balaclavas who had snared the mobster as they recalled the wave of terror unleashed on their island and across Italy with a series of bombings in the early 1990s.  Etched in the hearts of many law-abiding Italians is the date of May 23, 1992, when the charismatic anti-mafia judge Giovanni Falcone, 53, an icon of hope, was driving with his wife along the A29 motorway near Capaci, a town lying between Palermo and the nearby airport. A bomb containing 300lb of explosives sent the judge’s White Fiat Croma spinning through the air and killed not only Falcone and his wife, Francesca, but three escorting police officers. Shockwaves from the blast fanned out from Sicily like an earthquake and rippled around the world. Cosa Nostra boss Toto Riina and heir apparent Messina Denaro had sent the loudest and bloodiest of messages from the Sicilian mafia to the authorities: we are invincible and no one is safe. However, yesterday, Maria Falcone, sister of the murdered judge, said the arrest showed that the state had fought back and was now winning the war against Italy’s mythic gangsters.  “It proves that mafiosi, despite their delusions of omnipotence, are ultimately doomed to defeat in the conflict with the democratic state,” she said. Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni hailed the arrest as “a great victory for the state”. And yet it had taken 31 years to achieve justice for Judge Falcone, and fellow mafia prosecutor Paolo Borsellino, also killed in a targeted assassination for trying to nail the mob. Messina Denaro had managed to have a cancer operation without the authorities knowing and was attending follow-up appointments at the clinic under an assumed name. His eyes hidden by designer sunglasses, it was impossible to read his thoughts yesterday. But in 2002, he was sentenced to life in absentia for many murders, so in theory, he could soon start serving that outstanding sentence and is likely to die in prison. As well as the murders of the prosecutors, his litany of crimes includes deadly 1993 bomb attacks in Milan, Florence and Rome and the kidnapping and murder of the 12-year-old son of a mafioso turned state witness. The youngster was strangled and his body dissolved in acid.  Messina Denaro, became the leading figure in Cosa Nostra, the real life Sicilian crime syndicate depicted in the Godfather movies. The daily business of the organisation consisted of money laundering, racketeering, drug trafficking and, of course, dealing with enemies. He was nicknamed Diabolik – or diabolical – and U Siccu, The Skinny One, but now the authorities will be closer to determining whether he was the superboss of the Cosa Nostra or just a figurehead of an organisation whose power and reach has declined markedly over the last 10 years. A significant blow came in 2013 when his sister Patrizia was arrested along with other associates. She was given a lengthy sentence, curbing the influence of the Denaro clan. With few photos available, Italian police did not have a clear idea what he looked like in recent years and only released a recording of his voice in 2021.  A digital composite was constructed to give an idea of his features now. As Italian authorities begin the task of trying to unravel how he has been controlling the empire for over 30 years, Judge Gian Carlo Caselli, a former prosecutor general, said his arrest was an “exceptional, simply historic event”, which could pave the way to finally learning more about the wave of bombings in Italy that killed 10 people. It was only in 2016 that officials learnt how Messina Denaro was operating. At a trial, it emerged that he communicated with other kingpins by placing handwritten notes in the backpack of a five-year-old girl. Former henchman Attilio Fogazza said Messina Denaro used to take his young daughter for an ice cream and would put notes in her bag. Fogazza, who ran a second-hand car dealership, made the admission to help investigators after he was arrested in 2015 for the murder of Salvatore Lombardo. Now they will have access to some of the notes he wrote, notes that could shine fresh light on the death of Falcone and his brave colleague Borsellino, blown up in Palermo outside the apartment block where his mother lived on July 19, 1992, aged 52. Five members of his escort group were also killed.  Following his murder, the tense mood in Sicily darkened to a deeper shade of red as fear and anxiety gripped the population. However, the two high-profile assassinations galvanised the Italian police and judicial authorities to ruthlessly hunt down the killers in their midst. The tightening of the noose became very effective, with more than 4,000 Mafiosi rounded up, including 361 in 2011 and 300 in 2014. One of the most significant arrests was that of Toto ‘The Beast’ Riina, in 1993. Riina, who had known Messina Denaro, who would succeed him, since they were young men, was thought to have directly ordered the deaths of the two anti-mafia fighters. Even from behind bars, he was ruling the Cosa Nostra with the ruthlessness of a man said to be behind 150 murders. He exerted his power right up until his death from cancer in November 2017. Sergio Lario, former head of the Palermo anti-mafia directorate, said three years ago: “Riina formally remained the boss of the Sicilian mafia until the day he died.”  There was an immediate power vacuum, which Messina Denaro tried to fill, although he had difficulty being accepted as the superboss by many of the families, principally because he had not come from Palermo. Over decades, Messina Denaro had proved effective at controlling the Sicilian coastal town of Trapani, but in the eyes of many that was not good enough to try to fill Riina’s blood-soaked designer shoes. The mafia was further weakened by the successes of the state in getting members to cooperate and name names. Some 300 or so provided invaluable information to the authorities, with many highlighting the activities of Messina Denaro, who was forced to live constantly on the run as he became Italy’s most wanted man. In 2019, Falcone’s sister Maria, said: “In comparison to yesterday’s bosses, who waged war against the Italian state, the new generation are chicken thieves.” Extensive use of phone taps and listening devices in the homes of operating Mafiosi gave investigators their best look into the criminal operations and the web of connections to international drug gangs in South America, particularly Colombia. Between 1978 and 1983 the Sicilian mafia is thought to have killed 1,000 people. Thankfully, fatalities have fallen drastically in recent years. Another factor in the decline of the Sicilian mafia in particular is the tough prison regime for former mobsters.  They are banned for associating with thugs on the outside by telephone or letter and kept apart in jail. In 2019, there was another hugely important arrest. Marco Di Lauro, then 38, was captured at his flat in Naples. He was the fourth son of Paolo Di Lauro, who ran the Camorra gang. An international arrest warrant for Marco was first issued in 2006. He was wanted for four murders. Attitudes against the Camorra hardened in Naples after the murder of Gelsomina Verde, 22, for going out with a member of a rival clan. She was beaten and shot three times and left to die in a burning car. Maria Falcone has said her late brother once told her that the mafia is a human phenomenon that would have a beginning and an end. That prophecy may yet be realised with the arrest of Messina Denaro, a former playboy and womaniser in his youth who is said to have strangled one girlfriend when she became pregnant. But there have been false dawns before. In September 2021, a British Formula One fan from Liverpool was arrested in Holland after being mistaken for the mobster. He had been eating with his son when armed police stormed the building. Today, Italian authorities will want to check and double-check they actually have “capo di tutti capi”, the boss of bosses, finally under lock and key. Early signs are that, finally, they have got their man. 