From tooth decay to cavities, daily brushing and flossing is a no-brainer when it comes to avoiding oral health problems. While being aware of the oral hygiene cornerstones is crucial for keeping your smile healthy, the type of toothbrush you use also plays a role. Fortunately, two dental experts agree that one type ranks higher than others. Whether you reach for the toothbrush that offers the best price deal or opt for an established brand, choosing a new brush is never easy. With products of various colours and functions taking over the shelves, it can be difficult to make the right choice. Fortunately, Express.co.uk spoke to two dental experts who helped to settle the “best” type of toothbrush debate once and for all. Anna Middleton, Leading Dental Therapist and Hygienist, & Founder of London Hygienist, said: “There are a number of different types of mechanisms, but to keep it simple the two best types are rotary/oscillating heads and sonic vibration heads. READ MORE: Menorrhagia is one of the most 'common signs' of cancer - 'Seek appointment with your GP'  "Rotary/oscillating heads are small and round, rotating in one direction and then the other, one tooth at a time to sweep plaque away.” Silviu Cartas, dentist at Bupa Dental Care, also agreed that round heads tend to offer the best clean for your smile. Cartas said: “Toothbrushes with round brush heads tend to be better at covering a larger surface area of each tooth. “They also spin in a circular motion, which means they’re very efficient at removing plaque from hard-to-reach places, giving your teeth a 360-degree clean.”  However, the dentist shared that you might also want to think about what it is that you’re looking for in your toothbrush. “The round heads work best when you brush each tooth individually, whereas you need to move oval-shaped brush heads across your teeth,” Cartas added. The head shape isn’t the only thing you need to consider when buying your toothbrush. Another decision comes down to electric vs manual. Middleton explained that an electric toothbrush is better because it provides “a far superior” clean. READ MORE: The popular 'anti-inflammatory' spice that could help reduce visceral fat in 'weeks' The expert said: “You get… effective plaque removal because you get more brush strokes per minute than you could ever generate yourself with a manual brush. “Using an electric toothbrush with the correct technique will prevent over brushing, which causes irreversible and permanent wearing away of the gums, known as recession. “[Furthermore], electric toothbrushes have much smaller heads and are designed specifically to ensure each tooth is cleaned individually, helping you get to all the hard-to-reach areas.” However, Cartas shared that it doesn’t matter whether you go electric or manual as long as you brush “correctly” and twice a day. “Although, an electric brush may be best if you tend to brush harshly, have limited mobility, or if your dentist has advised improving the quality of your brushing,” the dentist added. Once you have the right toothbrush, you also need to ensure that you keep regularly changing the product to keep your mouth healthy. Using the same brush for too long can lead to harmful bacteria taking over the bristles as well as your mouth. Cartas said: “Monitor the wear of your bristles and change them regularly, the advice being every three to four months for electric toothbrushes; however, it can vary from manufacturer to manufacturer.”