Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is paid to people under state pension age who have a long-term health condition or disability that affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. The amount someone receives depends on how their condition affects them rather than the condition itself and anyone can apply for this benefit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) as it's not means-tested. At least 21 conditions qualify for financial help in the form of a PIP payment from the Government.  It's not just physical health conditions that enable people to claim financial help from the Government to help them with higher living costs. More people are claiming PIP for psychiatric disorders like anxiety, stress, depression and learning disorders than ever before, according to the DWP. Britons suffering with musculoskeletal conditions such as arthritis, joint pain and hip disorders are also now more likely to put in a PIP claim than previously. One reason could be heightened awareness about what PIP is, who can claim it and how to appeal if unsuccessful. READ MORE: Pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could get £370 a month  Although people can apply for PIP no matter what their illness, figures show 82 percent of PIP claims are for: DON'T MISS:Free NHS prescriptions for over 60s may be axed in April [ALERT]Martin Lewis warning not to miss out on £400 energy bills disc [WARNING]Over 500,000 people set to miss out on state pension boost in 2023 [UPDATE] All benefits are increasing from April to keep up with inflation. PIP payments are currently: The daily living component of the payment has a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate stands at £92.40. PIP’s mobility component is £24.45 for the lower weekly rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. This means that someone in receipt of the higher rate of both components could be eligible for £691 a month.  Britons can check an online benefit calculator like the one on the Macmillan website to see if they are eligible to make a claim. PIP isn't means tested so people can still claim even if they are working or have savings. Claimants can ask for help from specialist benefit advisors if they need assistance filling out the forms. Meanwhile, the DWP recently confirmed the PIP process may be made easier for the severely disabled and assessments could be scrapped.  The 21 main disabilities that qualify for PIP: 