Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has been told of three clubs who could make a move for him this month. Former England defender Stuart Pearce reckons West Ham, Newcastle and Aston Villa should all be doing everything to sign the centre-back. Maguire continues to be out of favour at United. Erik ten Hag has picked Luke Shaw ahead of him in the middle of defence for the last two Premier League matches. Maguire had already lost his spot in the first part of the season due to the partnership built by Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez. Summer signing Martinez is yet to return to action following his victorious World Cup campaign with Argentina but is likely to come straight back into the team when he is available. Shaw has been preferred by Ten Hag in an unfamiliar position for the left-back. Pearce believes Maguire needs a new challenge and has named three clubs he feels should be trying to sign him. He told talkSPORT: "If I was West Ham, if I was Newcastle, if I was Aston Villa, I’d be all over trying to get Harry Maguire out of there. I’d be asking the question whether he’s available. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag’s four best players are clear after Wolves win  "He’d be a brilliant addition to a football club. He’s the right age, the right stature, right experience. He might just need another challenge now as he’s not getting regular football." Ten Hag claimed the decision to select Shaw over Maguire for the 1-0 win at Wolves on Saturday was tactical to combat Julen Lopetegui's side. But former Chelsea forward Tony Cascarino says it doesn't spell good news for Maguire's future at Old Trafford. Cascarino said: "If you were Maguire sitting there as a centre-back and he’s got Luke Shaw in front of him, he will be thinking ‘I’ve got to leave Old Trafford’. He might say it’s a tactical decision for whatever reason. "Diego Costa was up front for Wolves. You’d like to think Harry Maguire would like to battle with Costa. DON'T MISSBeckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year HonoursMan Utd 'could get help from Amad' to snatch wonderkid away from NewcastleMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meeting  "They’ve won the game so it’s not been an issue. For Harry Maguire, he will only be thinking how he’s so far down the pecking order. “I think it will be very difficult to get Harry Maguire out. If it’s a loan it is more likely. "At the end of the season, Maguire will look elsewhere. He’s playing for England and wants to be a regular. “I think Harry will have to consider his future at Old Trafford. He will be incredibly disappointed."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here