Last weekend, the first six celebrities took to the ice for the first time, and they received mixed reviews from the Dancing on Ice judges. However, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu was devastated when Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield confirmed that she and Brendyn Hatfield would perform in the first skate-off of the series. Tonight, Darren Harriott, Mollie Gallagher, The Vivienne, John Fashanu, and Carley Stenson will perform for the first time as they battle it out to impress the judges. After the public vote, one celebrity will face Ekin-Su in the skate-off. Ever since the series began, the bookmakers have been sharing their theories about who will be voted out first. They have also predicted who could end up winning the ITV skating contest. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update According to BetVictor, John Fashanu will be at risk of leaving the competition first with odds of 50/1. Patsy Palmer could also be given the boot as the former soap star also has odds of 50/1. However, Nile Wilson has quickly become the bookies' favourite to win with odds of 5/4. Joey Essex, who is the dark horse of the competition, follows closely behind with odds of 5/2. Sam Boswell, a spokesperson from online bookmakers BetVictor discussed his thoughts on the show so far. He shared: “Our traders always felt Nile had the transferable skills to be a force on the ice and it seems he and his partner Olivia [Smart] could be tough to beat. "We now make them the 5/4 favourite for the series. “Elsewhere Ekin-Su was a slightly surprising name to end up in the skate-off this week. DON'T MISS...BBC fans 'switch off' Michael McIntyre as fans fume over licence fee [REACTION]Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer viewers [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [VIDEO] "Originally 7/2 to win the show, she is now out to 25/1 and will have to get the better of whoever ends up in the skate-off with her next week.” He added: “Of those we have seen so far it is worth giving Joey Essex a quick mention, he kicked off the show with a 1920s-influenced dance which seemed to go down well with the judges and on social media. "He is now 5/2 having been slightly bigger at the start of the series to win the show – he's one to watch!” Last weekend, Ekin-Su landed in the bottom two with Michelle Heaton. Although, the public decided to send the Liberty X star through, much to Ekin-Su's shock. The reality star admitted she was "gutted", but Brendan remained positive and said they would work on their routine for the skate-off. One more celebrity pairing will be at risk tonight, but who will perform against Ekin-Su? Dancing on Ice returns tonight at 6.30pm on ITV.