Piers Morgan has warned King Charles III that the British public won’t accept Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attending his coronation. The Duke and Duchess’ popularity in the UK has plummeted to new lows after the release of Harry’s memoir ‘Spare’, where he launched broadsides against much of the Royal Family. Despite this, and reports of major tensions between the Sussex royals and the UK-based Firm, Charles is said to want his son at his coronation. Piers has now suggested that while he does not think “any of them care about Meghan Markle” attending, for the King Harry’s attendance is “very personal”. “He has two children and one of them has gone rogue”, the TalkTV host said. “So what does he do? Does he ostracise him? “Does he send him away forever? Or does he try and show him an olive branch, a reconciliation?” Speaking to Fox News, Piers added: “The problem he’s got is his other son, Prince William. “He is incandescent with rage about what Harry has been doing, not least the way he’s attacked his wife Kate, and he doesn’t want him anywhere near this coronation. “And he of course is the heir to the throne, so it may not be a decision that Charles can make on his own.” The TV host then noted that Charles’ coronation is paid for by British taxpayers, and said “Charles has to remember he’s not just representing his family at this coronation, when he gets crowned he’s crowned the King of the British people." READ MORE: Kate's heartfelt new project shows Harry and Meghan's problem “We pay for this coronation, and I think the vast majority of people I’ve spoken to do not want (Harry and Meghan) there for the reasons that William doesn’t want them there”, he added. “He thinks they’re going to take tape recorders and cameras, and just get material for their new book and film.” Sources close to William say there’s no trust left between him and Harry and suggesting a reconciliation between the siblings is unlikely. However, Charles is said to believe that as a family they have to move on from Harry’s revelations, and that the Royal Family must be united on the eve of the coronation. While official invites to the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, which will take place on Saturday, May 6th, have yet to be sent out, a source close to Charles told Vanity Fair he is likely to invite Harry and Meghan “because it is the right thing to do and will hopefully pave the way for peace”. DON'T MISS Dems vow to beat McCarthy’s ‘hostage-taking’ of debt ceiling crisis Prince Harry 'wants to win' in coronation negotiations US tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China “Charles is a forgiving person by nature, and he wants to move on,” another source said. “Whatever has been said and done, Harry is still his son and he loves him. “He also cannot imagine being crowned, the most important moment of his life, without both his sons witnessing the moment.” In his interview with Anderson Cooper on ’60 Minutes’ earlier in January, Harry said he is “looking forward” to reconciling with William and other royals. He said he’s open to having a “private” and “constructive conversation” with them in the future. “Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologize for anything that we did wrong,” Harry said. “But every time we ask that question, no one’s telling us the specifics or anything. “I really look forward to having that family element back. I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. “I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family.”