Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie might have been forced to change their holiday plans this year following the sale of their father Prince Andrew's Swiss ski chalet. According to The Telegraph, Prince Andrew and his former wife, Sarah Ferguson, sold the seven-bedroom property to a British family for roughly £19million. Chalet Helora was purchased by Andrew and Sarah in 2014, and boasts a sumptuous living room, a sauna, a bar stocked with fine wines and a 650 square feet heated indoor swimming pool that has floor-to-ceiling windows, not to mention 3,000 square feet of additional land. It also boasts a cosy open fire and even has its own bar. One lavish purchase includes a ball chair which costs around £5,600. The Duke and Duchess of York have enjoyed family holidays at the resort since Beatrice and Eugenie were children. Mother-of-one Eugenie even met her future husband, Jack Brooksbank, in Verbier in 2010. The pair were married in October 2018 and welcomed their son August in February 2021. READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'dominant' as he 'spills beans' in interview  Ok! reported that Andrew's Chalet Helora is one of "the best" properties in the entire resort. It is tucked away in the mountains and allows a lot of privacy for the residents of the home.  Beatrice and Eugenie's love of skiing has been passed down by their mother, who first visited Verbier, in the canton of Valais, when she was 16 but started skiing at the age of three. She also briefly worked as a chalet girl before joining the Royal Family. "Since that first visit, I have regularly returned for holidays to Verbier," Sarah previously told the Swiss newspaper Le Nouvelliste. "My family has followed me over the years. We feel free and happy, we feel at home. Anyway, I call it 'my home.'"   It was the locals' warmth and their fine food that drew the Duchess in. "There is a sense of welcome. The people of Valais take the time to listen to you, support you if necessary," she said. Eugenie and Beatrice also follow in the footsteps of their aunt, Sophie, Countess of Wessex with their passion for skiing. Sophie Wessex is such a fan, she actually worked in a ski resort as a rep when she was younger, while the sisters are regularly photographed hitting the slopes. READ MORE: Carole Middleton likely hosted Kate & Will on Boxing Day in £4.7 home  Beatrice and Eugenie have been skiing since childhood and were joined by their mother, Sarah Ferguson, on a family ski trip in January 2022. The Duchess went arm-in-arm with her daughters and their respective husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank on a night out in the exclusive Swiss ski resort of Verbier, of which Sarah is a big fan. The January 2022 trip to the Swiss resort was the first time the York family returned to their beloved Verbier resort together since the coronavirus pandemic began. It was also the first time new additions, Sienna and August, joined them on a group family holiday so the trip was no doubt an extra special occasion. However, now that Prince Andrew's ski chalet has reportedly been sold, it is unlikely the two Princesses went skiing this year. No reports or pictures of a holiday were released, which is quite different to last year. 