Elvis’ lavish mansion, which is in a trust after being inherited by Lisa Marie following her father's death in 1977, will be passed down to her three surviving children, People has said. She is survived by eldest, Riley 33, and twins Harper and Finley, 14. Tragically her only son Benjamin Keough, 27, took his own life in 2020 following a lengthy battle with depression and drug addiction. The news comes following Lisa's death on January 12 at the age of 54. The singer-songwriter suffered a cardiac arrest at her home in California. Before Lisa's tragic death, it was revealed that she was in the middle of a legal battle with her fourth husband Michael Lockwood. READ MORE: Tom Bradby 'failed' in Prince Harry doc, claims Libby Purves In 2016 he lost a bid to undo their prenup following their divorce. But he then went back to court in 2021 in a bid to get the ruling overturned and request that she pay the court-ordered $4,600-a-month child support. At the age of 25, the heir to Elvis’ estate inherited a cool 25 million dollars, but it is alleged that most of that has disappeared due to bad management and poor Investments. It is thought that Lisa Marie will be buried alongside her son and her father in the family plot at the Graceland mansion. A public memorial service will be held on the front lawn at 9am on Sunday. Prior to her death Lisa Marie had fans concerned as in 2022 he revealed that she was a “virtual recluse”. Speaking to fans at the Graceland mansion in Memphis, she said that they were the only people who could get her out of the house. She commented: “It's been a while. I've missed you. I love you. I keep saying you are the only people who can bring me out of the house. “I'm not kidding. I love you back and that's why I'm here. DONT MISS: Jeremy Clarkson 'worried ITV are going to drop him' Prince Harry's candid 'todger' confession slammed by commentator 'Vindictive' Harry should 'stay put' in US as UK poll deals fresh blow  “Today, he would have been 88 years old, it's hard to believe. I think that he would have been proud." She continued: “I think this year's been an incredible year. I think the movie was incredible and I'm very proud of it, I hope you guys are too. “It's just so moving how every year you come from all over the world and it's moving to me and my family, and thank you.” Lisa Marie shared the touching words with devoted fans who had travelled to Graceland to mark the late singer's birthday. Fans were concerned at the appearance of the daughter of the king of rock and roll, and described her as cutting a “sad” and “lonely” figure. They also claimed that it was clear to see that she was still hurting from the death of her son Benjamin. Fans were equally concerned when Lisa Marie was seen crying with her mother Priscilla just two days before her death, when Austin Butler picked up his best actor gong for his portrayal of her father in the biopic They put their hands to their eyes and then their hearts as Austin told them he would love them “forever”.