  Sports broadcaster and former professional footballer Gary Lineker, 62, split his fans today after he described Prince Harry, 38, as a “decent lad”. The Match of the Day star took to Twitter to share his thoughts on the royal following the release of his explosive memoir, Spare, in view of his 8.6 million followers.      This afternoon, Gary wrote: “As a Royal expert (I’ve watched The Crown), I think Harry seems like a decent lad.” A number of the sportstar’s followers joined in on the conversation, as some mocked the concept of a royal expert. Sooz Kempner commented: “To be a royal expert you simply have to declare yourself one, it's the BEST. I'm one too!” “Exactly,” Gary replied, as Simon Harris added: “I had a Chicken Royale at Burger King once. I too am an expert.” READ MORE: Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’     While other followers weren’t too pleased with Gary’s tweet, with Graeme writing: “Harry that wants to protect his family by announcing he’s killed 25 of the Taliban and got himself in a massive spotlight and gained loads of media attention that he didn’t want… that Harry?” (sic) “Not really,” Vincent insisted. “Harry says he's been hung out to dry by the media, while using the media to air his own dirty laundry.” Another Twitter user reasoned: “He is, but he's said some pretty bad things which have put himself and his family at risk.” However, Romeo sided with Gary, writing: “He is a decent lad. He is calling out his family for the crap he has had to go through.”      “He seems like a normal bloke to me. Perhaps that's why some people are so angry. They thought royalty were gods,” Simon penned. “It’s taken guts to tell his side of the story we all know truth comes out in the end do hope it’s a happy ending for them all,” added Russ. (sic) Gary’s comments come after Prince Harry slammed the royals’ relationship with the press, beginning: “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family.” He went on to insist he had no intention of hurting or harming them, but with regards to the tabloid press, said that “certain members have decided to get in bed with the devil” to rehabilitate their own images. READ MORE... James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career [INSIGHT]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz [NEWS]Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs [NEWS]      Stating that this was “their choice” he continued: “But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment to others, me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.” In excerpts from Spare that were read aloud during his ITV interview last night, Prince Harry wrote that his interests had been “sacrificed” to Camilla’s “PR altar”. He also previously claimed that his stepmother had turned his bedroom into her own private dressing room as soon as he left the family home. Asked if he felt he had been “pretty consistently scathing” about his father King Charles’ second wife, he replied: “Scathing?     “There’s no part of any of the things that I’ve said that are scathing towards any member of my family, especially not my stepmother. “There are things that have happened that have been incredibly hurtful, some in the past, some current.” Express.co.uk previously contacted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s representatives and Buckingham Palace for comment. Harry - The Interview is available to watch now on ITVX.  