Forecasters have revealed when the next swathe of cold weather is set to hit the UK with a polar vortex widely tipped to cause havoc. A sudden stratospheric warning is expected to create the conditions which will bring a cold snap. It occurs when rapid warming takes place between six miles and 30 miles above the Earth's surface. It's so high up the warming effects cannot be felt, but it does cause a knock-on effect in weather conditions weeks later. The warming, responsible for the Beast from the East in 2018, can actually cause sub-zero temperatures, and may "take up to a month" to unleash its impacts if it's strong enough. But it may also appear harmless to Britain, with forecasters poised to see how it'll play out.  While the Met Office has confirmed it has already started this year, it said the SSW's polar vortex has already partially collapsed, but only for a short while. In a meteorological blog, written by the forecaster, it says: "A sudden stratospheric warming is underway, but only a minor one. "The warming is expected to peak towards the end of January. The strong westerly winds high over the Arctic, called the stratospheric polar vortex, have weakened and the vortex is partially collapsing. "However, the polar vortex has been unusually strong so far this year and although there has been a minor SSW, the winds are expected to rebound quickly, recovering to speeds around normal for the time of year. "It can take a week or more for any impacts from an SSW to work its way down through the atmosphere and to have any influence on the weather in the UK. However, not all SSWs lead to cold weather and widespread snow for the UK."  So far, the Met Office believes the impacts may not include snow - and instead heavily feature gales and torrential downpours instead, which can still be equally as dangerous as wintry showers. Jim Dale, a meteorologist from British Weather Services, said the nation could be waiting until March for it to strike. Speaking to Express.co.uk he said: "It’s a lottery in terms of where the export of freezing air actually goes. "Freezing air out of the Arctic, e.g. the Troll from Trondheim could strike but time is beginning to run against it. There’s still five to six weeks where it still could happen. Normally it is seen for the first time 10 to 14 days out." READ MORE: Full list of Cold Weather Payment triggers this winter  While a renewed focus has been put upon the SSW, which has potential to rear another Beast from the East, Mr Dale said it's still business as usual for forecasters who are keeping tabs on the Pole all of the time. He added: "Meteorologists always have to be on the lookout as weather is a global phenomena and what goes on over the Pole is very important as to what might occur next, both in weather and climate change." The earliest impacts could be in mid-February, but Mr Dale, who claims he coined the Beast from the East phrase some two decades ago, said he'll be watching out for any after effects even into early March. He added: "It’s then (mid February) and for the three to four weeks after when I’ll be looking. Nothing before. March can still deliver."  While Met Office long-range forecasts do not allude to any snow at the moment, the meteorological blog does not rule out another cold snap. In its outlook for much of February it cites wind and rain as the predominant features. "Changeable weather is likely to continue through to the second half of the month bringing rainfall, heavy at times, again to the north and west," it says. "The south and east are expected to see some drier and brighter periods with some lighter rain. "A brief spell of more settled conditions is possible in the middle of the period, bringing a greater risk of overnight frost and freezing fog, especially under clear skies with light winds. "Temperatures are expected to be generally at or slightly above average, although a brief colder spell remains possible. The Met Office will continue to monitor the situation."