Princess Diana's butler has hit back at Prince Harry's claim as he slams the "angry and privileged" Duke of Sussex. Harry's memoir Spare hit shelves across the globe this morning, with a number of claims being made in the controversial book. And one person who was hit by the book was Diana's butler, as Harry claimed he was "milking" her death for money at the time after releasing a book titled A Royal Duty in 2001. Appearing on Australian breakfast show Sunrise, Mr Burrell hit back at the claims, as he said: "I first met him in his mummy's tummy. I don't recognise the young man I see today. That's not the boy I knew. "What I see now is an angry, petulant, privileged prince who is constantly blaming other people and not taking accountability on his part." Mr Burrell, 64, served as a footman for the late Queen before working for Diana for a decade until her death in 1997. Speaking from his home in Florida, he said the Duke of Sussex had "changed fundamentally" and that his mother would be "appalled".   "She would be angry at these personal, vindictive revelations which don't just undermine Harry, but his country, his family, the institution – which his mother was very proud of – and his late grandmother's legacy," he said. Mr Burell said Meghan Markle had a "huge influence" in the writing of the book. He added that in his opinion: "This isn't just a book written by Harry… Meghan's had a huge influence in this book. She's beside him steering him on his path. "You can't just blame Harry. You have to blame the both of them. "I don't like to see the rug being pulled beneath the feet of our King and Harry's brother, who is on his way to being King. And the snipes that have gone forward about Kate [the Princess of Wales]..." READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila "Kate has never put a foot wrong. But the other side of the story will never be heard because the royals believe there's great dignity in silence. Of course, she wanted you to marry for love, but she also wanted you to be your brother's wingman." When Mr Burrell published his book in 2003, he was accused by Harry and William of "a cold and overt betrayal". In his memoir Spare, Harry describes how he learned of the book when he was working as an unpaid farmhand in Australia aged 19 in 2001 after leaving Eton. He writes that he received a package from Buckingham Palace, which was full of memos from the Palace communications team about "a delicate matter". DON'T MISS:William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [INSIGHT]Prince Harry seen 'lapping up attention' after Stephen Colbert show [COMMENT]Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [OPINION]  "Mummy's former butler had penned a tell-all which actually told nothing," he said. "It was merely one man's self-justifying, self-centring version of events. My mother once called this butler a dear friend, trusted him implicitly. We did too. Now this. "He was milking her disappearance for money. It made my blood boil." 