Fans were thrilled to see DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) back solving another murder. However, when Vera was chatting to Mark Edwards (Riley Jones) in the office, eagle-eyed fans spotted a photo of Brenda Blethyn's dog Jack on the police officer's desk. Taking to social media, Riley asked his followers whether they had guessed the murderer one hour into the episode. Kirsty Downham was quick to respond by asking: "No idea but love ya dog photo on ya desk. Is it ya real one?" (sic) "It's @BrendaBlethyn dog Jack," Dawn went on to respond. The Mark Edwards star chipped in: "Jack always steals the limelight when it’s a shot of my desk! We always try to get him in." READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan "Has he ever made a real appearance?" Kirsty quizzed. Riley went on to pay a tribute to one of his co-stars who made a cameo appearance in the programme. Sharing a snap of actress, Catherine Dryden, the actor wrote: "Massive well done to this one making their TV debut tonight! @C3Dryden you b****y smashed it! And had a lot of you fooled! "Friends for 10 years. Performed on stage together, lived together, and now on TV together! "Super proud of you. Can’t wait to see what’s next." (sic) Brenda has often spoken about her beloved dog in the past, admitting she isn't allowed him on set. She said in an interview last year: "You couldn’t get anything done if Jack was actually on set — he’d keep hanging on the back of my leg!" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice's John Fashanu dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT]ITV backlash as fans slam 'painful' John Bishop Show [REACTION] Speaking ahead of the latest series, the DCI Stanhope star admitted she spent a lot of time away from Jack and her husband. She said: “My dog Jack can’t be with me in the North East for all of that time. "He’s all right after I’ve been away for a little while. "But if I happen to manage to come home for a few days in between filming Vera episodes, he goes mad and then my husband has a merry time of it when I go away again with the dog wondering where I am." “So when we finish filming, as we just have, I always say, ‘I really don’t think I can do this anymore'," she added. "But then I have a rest and get my appetite back again and change my mind. "I suddenly might get a bright idea about what to do with Vera and suggest who might be cast in it." Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.