The latest series of Silent Witness is back on screens as Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and the pathologist team help to solve a string of mysterious deaths. The latest BBC instalment, titled Hearts of Darkness, saw Dr Nikki Alexander and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) caught up in a clash between levelling-up leaders and environmental activists in a small town. Jack was also put in a difficult position when a blast from the past came to visit, putting his romance with Nikki into jeopardy. While Emilia has no plans of leaving her role as the beloved pathologist just yet, the actress opened up about her future on the show. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Emilia went on to speak about whether the series could ever come to an end. "I never expected to still be playing Nicki Alexander 18 years later, but I still love the show as much as when I first started on it," Emilia began. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row "So, it's really thanks to the loyal fans of Silent Witness and the enthusiasm for the show means that it is still [being] made." "And I love it, and if audiences love it, and then hopefully it will carry on being made but you never know," the actress continued when discussing the future of the show. In the previous series, viewers saw Nikki and Jack's relationship develop from friendship to romance. However, in recent scenes, the couple's relationship was put to the test. "Now that we are in a series where you've seen Jack and Nicky’s friendship move into a closer relationship and how that works," Emilia continued. "You know when you've known someone for a long time but you're suddenly in a relationship, does that make it more difficult? "And what will happen to them, so I look forward to seeing what the writers come up with me in the future." While Emilia has no plans of hanging up her white coat, last year, she tried her hand at presenting a true crime documentary. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] The series titled, Murdertown, saw the actress visiting different towns and cities, where she looked at some of the UK's most shocking murders. The Crime+Investigation documentary also heard from victims, experts and witnesses, as it examined the impact the killings had on the local communities around them. Speaking about why she wanted to try something new away from the BBC drama, the Nikki Alexander star said: "When I was approached about Murdertown, I watched the first three series of the show. "I thought they were really expertly told stories, with a focus on the victims, who they were and what happened to them." Last week's episodes of Silent Witness sparked fury among viewers, with many complaining that the storylines were "getting worse". And while some fans praised the latest instalments, others claimed to "switch off". Michelle tweeted: "exclaimed: “I have never missed an episode of #SilentWitness but I’m so disappointed with this series. I’m so cross that the BBC could let down the loyal viewers like this.” Dave went on to ask: "Why am I still persevering with Silent Witness?" "I don't understand everyone spending the whole episode complaining how bad it is. Just turn off and not watch and let fans enjoy it #SilentWitness," Debbie Blackman said in defence of the show. (sic) Silent Witness airs on Monday and Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One.