To be honest, there will certainly be no planet at some point, obviously – but hopefully not for a few hundred million years. I was accused by my old friend Carol Vorderman of being a climate change denier so I don’t think I have been explaining myself properly. I’m not a climate change denier. How could anybody be when the climate is ever moving, ever changing? But it’s the hyperbole and the sound of panic in the voices of the those who say that the science is proven. Science is never proven. It often happens that a scientific theory is suddenly found to be wrong and a new one moving in a different direction comes to the fore. So, just to repeat, I’m not a climate change denier. I’m just worried about the one-sided arguments about carbon capture and other planet-saving suggestions. I am a huge fan of cleaning up the oceans and the skies and getting rid of the horrific amount of packaging, but the extremists are going to ruin the chances of getting this done. They’re just going to get people’s backs up. So, the Civil Service is going on strike at the end of this month. Have they no shame? There are the people who are supposed to run the country – or at least do the bidding of those elected to run the country – but they seem to have forgotten their responsibilities. Perhaps it’s time to put them in their place. They’ve been quite happy to do a job which gives them a great pension and plenty of time off – and now they want the same money as people in jobs that don’t get those fringe benefits. If they don’t want to be civil servants it’s time for them to move on and stop complaining. A lot of top civil servants are very well paid and looked after so it’s likely that the troublemakers either haven’t progressed in their careers or have only just started in the service. At the moment we’re always reading about staff shortages in lots of areas meaning there are many other jobs out there, so why don’t these disaffected folk just quit and take one? And from what I’ve seen it would do this country good if the standards civil servants have to reach were actually raised. I can’t stand the jealousy flowing through the veins of certain people in this country. On the one hand, they want the wealthy to be taxed more, but the rich often move out of the UK if our taxes get too high. And, then, as soon as somebody becomes prime minister and is found to be using private medicine or private schools, people get upset about that as well. Rishi Sunak has had a hard time because he dodged the question of whether he used private healthcare for a while before finally admitting at PMQs that he had used “independent” healthcare but was now registered to an NHS GP. And now it’s been revealed that four Labour Shadow politicians have also, at one time or another, used private healthcare. So what? This jealousy has got to stop. Surely, we should treat people who are successful with more respect and encourage others to follow in their footsteps. We are a nation of inventors, innovators and forward thinkers, so no wonder everybody wants to come and live here.  Now there are suggestions Health Secretary Steve Barclay is urging the unions to help him get more money out of the Treasury to get settlements and help stop the exodus of staff. But the crisis goes back years and the NHS needs a serious overhaul. We need to consult business leaders about sorting out services and management. But I know from personal experience that cancer treatment in this country is still some of the best in the world So we should always appreciate our medics. After having read Prince Harry's book and watched the Netflix documentaries, surely there can be very few people who don’t feel some sympathy for the man and his wife? I’m quite amazed how the British media in one fell swoop – possibly led by my friend Piers Morgan – became so anti-Harry and Meghan. The poor guy is trying to put his side about an organisation he was born into with no choice and was obviously damaged by the death of his mum. I am a monarchist. I find Republicans are so dull but, personally, I do want to see the monarchy modernise quickly and H and M could be the trigger for that – especially if they continue like this. An old friend of mine is an accountant and this is the busiest time of year for those in his trade as people have to do their annual tax assessments. This friend is a tax specialist and involved with complex cases. He rang a dedicated line for people sorting out specialist tax issues for his clients, waited for over an hour and was then told nothing could be done. He would have to ring the ordinary line. He then made the point to the civil servant that the question could have been answered in the time she took to explain why she couldn’t answer it. He was then cut off and tried to ring the other, non-dedicated line. After being kept on hold for over two hours, accompanied by appalling music, he was cut off again. By then, there was no time left that day to repeat the process. My friend tried again the next day and was met with the same responses after a further long wait. No doubt threatening letters will soon be on their way from HMRC for failure to complete the tax form. And it’s our taxes who are actually paying for this appalling service. Just been watching Tory MP Tim Loughton talking about Boris. What an arrogant man. How does somebody like that get voted in? When asked why he thought so many people in the country seemed to want Boris back, and why was he one of the first to speak out against him, Loughton said he’s not really right to lead our party. Surely that’s for the electorate to decide. No wonder people are beginning to lose trust in MPs who, after all, are supposed to be our servants in control of the nation.