Brexit has NOT failed, a former MEP has insisted, despite a new opinion poll indicating a third of Tory voters now believe quitting the bloc has created more problems than it solved. However, Ben Habib said the ruling Tory Government is rather failing Brexit by failing to take advantage of the multiple benefits it offered - and warning he and others are working to “obliterate” the Conservative Party at the next general election. Opinium’s survey on behalf of the Best for Britain campaign group and published in The Sunday Telegraph, suggests some 33 percent of people who voted Conservative in 2019 now have a negative view of the decision. Almost the same number of Tories (32 percent) said cutting ties had neither created nor solved more problems, 22 percent of Tories had a positive view, while one-third (32 percent) and the remaining 13 percent did not know. Mr Habib, who served alongside 29 other Brexit Party MEPs, including Nigel Farage, in 2019, said: “The Tories have not just ruined our economy, our health service and the public sector at large, they have also squandered Brexit. “When we voted to leave the EU, we voted for the country to leave as one United Kingdom. “We did not vote for Northern Ireland to be left behind and for the entire country to remain hitched at the hip to EU laws.” Almost seven years had passed since the referendum, and three years since former Prime Minister Boris Johnson revealed his “oven ready” deal, Mr Habib pointed out. Mr Habib added: “Well, that deal was rubbish and he and his multiple successors have failed to fix it. No one can claim Brexit has failed. We did not get Brexit – we got a lousy new self-harming new treaty with the EU. "Do not blame Brexit, blame the Tories.” JUST IN: Prince Harry 'will be booed' if he attends coronation He said of what he regards as the Conservative Party’s failure: “There is one upside though. It is this: the buck stops with our government and we, the electorate, will rightly obliterate the Tories at the next election. “We need a new sort of politics in the UK. One where politicians deliver on the promises they make.” Among the public as a whole, 57 percent of the 2000 people interviewed by Opinium said Brexit was creating more problems than it was solving. Speaking to the Telegraph, said it was “deeply disappointing that the obvious Brexit wins haven’t been achieved”. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak holds emergency health summit to take 'bold action' [REPORT]Jameela Jamil's racist post against Rishi Sunak branded 'sickening' [REACTION]Sir Keir being unclear could hand Rishi the election [OPINION] He added: “It’s entirely what you’d expect because the Government has wanted to bring forward the Brexit wins but has been systematically blocked and upended by the anti-Brexit establishment.” Craig Mackinlay, the MP for South Thanet, said: “I’m not surprised to hear that because we have been far too timid in using the freedom of Brexit to actually deliver Brexit dividends. “So that is the fault of our own administration. “We should by now have been using the freedoms that we have.”