This was the very real and tragic reality that confronted Rushcliffe constituent, Anna Rich, when her son Dylan suffered a cardiac arrest in September 2021. Dylan was treated at the scene with a defibrillator, very sadly he died later in hospital. His family and his club, the West Bridgford Colts, have since campaigned to improve access to defibrillators in the community. Why? Because although Dylan couldn't be saved, the use of a defibrillator drastically increases someone's chances of surviving a cardiac arrest. Cost and confidence are the two main barriers to accessing defibrillators. 42 percent of people say the cost of a defibrillator is prohibitive. With the average cost of a unit at £1,250 that is no surprise. 62 percent of people say they don't know how to use a defibrillator. Research carried out by the British Heart Foundation after Christian Eriksen suffered a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 found that 38 percent of UK adults had never had any form of CPR training. The UK's rate of cardiac arrest survival is 8 percent, higher than the global survival rate of 1 percent but significantly lower than the leading survival rate of 25 percent in Norway. If we are to improve this, we must act to tackle the two big blockers of cost and confidence. Over Christmas, the Government announced a £1m funding pot to increase the number of public access defibrillators in communities across the country. The fund will provide match funding for new defibrillators, dramatically reducing the cost for communities. This is great news and something that we have been calling for. The Government's programme to install a defibrillator at every state-funded school in England is also a great step forward. For the longer term, the Government could look at reforming the VAT regime around defibrillators to save community groups 20 percent on the purchase price. Currently, there is a complex set of rules around when a defibrillator can be purchased with zero rate VAT.  Charities providing medical or first aid and rescue services can buy a defibrillator without paying VAT. But other charities and community groups like local sports clubs have to pay it in full. But all the defibrillators in the world are no good if people do not have the confidence to use them. Less than half of bystanders in the UK would be willing to intervene to help someone if they collapsed. This is considerably less than Norway, where 73 percent would step in to help and the Netherlands where 60 percent would be. It is no surprise that these locations also have the highest cardiac arrest survival rates. Time is of the essence. There is a window of three to five minutes to use a defibrillator on someone. After this their chances of survival drop with every minute. We need to drastically increase first aid training if the funding of new defibrillators is to have any effect. A comprehensive training programme should be put in place for communities and funding awards should be dependent on this training being taken up. Finally, the Government needs to factor in the considerable supply chain constraints that are causing delays of six to nine months to the supply of new defibrillators and replacement parts. This is due to a shortage of electrical equipment and the critical minerals needed for pads and batteries. This could considerably delay efforts to increase the number of defibrillators in schools and communities. Government tenders for defibrillator suppliers need to take this into account and make sure they are flexible enough to incorporate new types of defibrillators being offered by the market which use different materials.  We also need to accelerate the building of new critical minerals partnerships with allies, to address shortages and increase transparency and security of supply for these vital, life-saving, minerals. Many heartfelt and moving tributes are paid to those who we have lost to cardiac arrest. After Dylan’s death tributes poured in from across the country and England players held up a shirt with 'For Dylan' printed on it at the start of their World Cup qualifier against Poland. But the best tribute that we can make to Dylan, and to all of those who cardiac arrest has taken from us too soon, is to do all we can to make sure others have the best possible chance of survival. That is why we have set up the All Party Parliamentary Group for Defibrillators, to work with the Government to tackle the obstacles of cost, confidence and supply. Government can lead the way, but ultimately the decision to step up, get trained and save a life rests with each and every one of us. 