If you're wondering how good or bad your broadband and TV supplier is then Ofcom has the answer. The UK regulator has just revealed its latest stats on who is performing well and who is falling well short when it comes to customer complaints. All of the major Internet Service Providers (ISP) and TV firms have been tested and there are some huge winners and even bigger losers. So who has performed well and who needs to seriously up their game? When it comes to broadband the worst for customer complaints is Shell Energy with the popular ISP coming bottom by a considerable margin. In fact, Ofcom says it is now monitoring Shell’s performance closely, as its complaint volumes remain significantly higher than other broadband suppliers. "We have been engaging with the provider and urged it to get a grip on identifying and addressing the root causes of these issues," Ofcom said in its report. The industry average for broadband complaints is currently 14 per 100,000 but Shell hit 27 per 100,000 between July and September last year - that's almost double the average. Along with Shell, other ISPs that performed badly include TalkTalk, Virgin and Plusnet. At the other end of the scale were Sky, EE and NOW whom all managed to see the least amount of complaints per 100,000 users. You can see the full broadband results below Along with broadband, the UK's landline phone services have also been rated and once again it's Shell that has hit rock bottom with the firm getting the most complaints. The industry average is just 7 complaints per 100,000 users but Shell has hit 20 per 100,000. TalkTalk and Virgin Media are also in the bottom three. Top of the landline league is Sky, EE and NOW with BT close behind. You can see the results below Finally, Ofcom has rated TV services and, once again it's very good news for Sky. The satellite firm scored the fewest complaints and was well above the industry average. Coming second for TV was TalkTalk followed by BT. Virgin Media was bottom with Ofcom saying the main reason customers reached out to its helpline was due to complaints handling by the firm. You can see the results below Speaking about the latest report Fergal Farragher, Ofcom's Consumer Protection Director, said: “Overall complaint levels have been consistently low in recent months, but some providers need to raise their game to match the customer service standards offered by their rivals. “If you’re not happy with the service you’re getting, consider shopping around and moving elsewhere. You could end up with better customer service as well as saving money.”