Prince William should made a statement in a 'regal manner' in response to the allegations made by his brother in Spare in order to 'humiliate the Sussexes', according to a royal author. Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton, Tom Bower said that the Prince of Wales needed to make it clear that Meghan Markle was initially welcomed in Britain but the fact that the Suits actress wanted to be the "star" was what led to the breakdown of the relationship between the Duchess of Sussex and the Firm.  He said: "I think that once the publicity campaign of Harry to promote his book dies down, which obviously it will at some stage. "Only William can make a seasoned and reasonable statement to the world to assert the following fundamental facts. "That Meghan was warmly welcomed in Britain, that everybody in the Royal Family tried their very hardest to make her feel at home and accommodate her. "But that unfortunately Meghan wanted to be the star and made it impossible for her and the Royal Family to collaborate and coexist.  "I think in the end they are going to have to somehow publish the report into the investigation of Meghan's alleged bullying of her staff at Kensington Palace. "And I think William has to say that the monarchy of Britain is not there to be a target for people who want to make money and gain publicity from attacking them. "William is the right man to make it. "It should be an interview but a statement in a regal manner and a normal and considered manner.  READ MORE: King Charles' grasp on Commonwealth in peril as country threatens exit "But I think that is the way for them to somehow to draw a line under these attacks ans humiliate the Sussexes to stop their campaign." Mr Wootton then asked Mr Bower about the claims made by the Duke of Sussex in his memoir that he had killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan during his time in the military. Mr Bower branded the claims "foolish" and had put himself and everybody in Britain in more danger. He said: "It was a very foolish thing of him to have actually said that to his ghost writer.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry warned against 'jeopardising his mother's legacy'  [REVEAL] Meghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [INSIGHT] William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [SPOTLIGHT] "The ghost of course is looking for anything to sex up the book and he didn't think about the consequences. "I think Harry has put not only himself but every Briton in some sort of danger of retaliation. "It's a very sensitive situation and it's just one tiny example of the huge damage that Harry has caused by his book." 