 Judi Love, 42, feels the new winter series of Love Island is feeling very scripted, with conversations between the contestants being the primary victim. However, the media personality joined countless viewers in fawning over Maya Jama’s “jaw-dropping” appearance.   The ninth series of Love Island UK only started earlier this month, but 10 episodes in and there have been some complaints about the show. Having performed on Strictly Come Dancing, Judi is no stranger to reality competition shows and had some tips for the current Love Island contestants. Writing in her latest OK! Column, Judi declared: “The contestants’ conversations are feeling a bit scripted at the moment. “They need to forget they’re on a TV show and have some fun!” READ MORE: Judge Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' in transformation after break with Carol Vorderman  While the contestants have left Judi wanting more, the new host has fully satisfied the comedian. She wrote: “While there are some good-looking girls and guys in the line-up, I can’t lie, I can’t keep my eyes off Maya Jama! “When she strutted into the villa, my jaw dropped. She oozes flirty fun and I have no doubt she’s going to take the show by storm.” Countless fans have also noted Maya’s ability to completely upstage the contestants, despite her far shorter amount of screen-time.     The 28-year-old took over from Laura Whitmore to become host of the reality show, breaking records as the first non-white person to do so. The host’s jaw-dropping good looks and sensational entrance into the South African villa has left viewers wanting more, and even some former islanders. Danica Taylor, who appeared on the last season of Love Island, declared on social media: “I wish Maya Jama had presented my series. Although Laura may be off the show after hosting for three seasons, her husband Iain Stirling is still the iconic face-less voice of the series.  Despite many viewers siding with Judi in noting the seemingly scripted conversations, Iain defended the contestants claiming they are “really genuine”. Speaking to Greg James on BBC Radio 1 yesterday, Iain admitted he was thoroughly enjoying this season largely due to the cast. He said: “They seem like a really genuine bunch of people.” However, the narrator also noted “it’s on the precipice” of kicking off in the villa as personalities begin to collide.  Iain explained: “We’ve all been at a house party where you’re like, ‘Okay, home time now.’ That’s what it feels like.” Fans have also complained that the show’s challenges are becoming “dire”. One took to Twitter earlier this week to say: “Every time I watch these challenges it gives me the ick to think they have to do all of this without any music. Instead it’s just silence and a few pitiful claps from the other islanders.” Another wrote: “Sometimes i think of applying to the show but the challenges just remind me how I’m not built for that level of cringe.” Love Island UK continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2.