A mum has said she thought her daughter was going to die after the toddler was mauled by a dog in an unprovoked attack. Toddler, Ayla, was playing with a trike in a communal garden when the Staffordshire bull terrier named Marnie went for her. The crazed hound sank its teeth into Ayla's face as mum, Crystalee Hawker, 27, grabbed the beast and yanked it off her terrified little girl. Crystalee, from Redfield, Bristol, recalled cradling Ayla in her arms after the attack: "I thought she was dead. "I was in the front garden having a cigarette and chatting to my neighbour. "Ayla never leaves my side, and she was playing with a trike just a few metres in front of me." "Marnie came out into the communal garden, but Ayla didn’t go anywhere near him. "She was just minding her business and playing with her toys. "Out of nowhere, Marnie just lunged at Ayla’s face, knocking her to the ground. "I leapt up and ripped the dog off her, and Ayla just silently lay there as blood poured out of her face." READ ABOUT A BABY SUFFERING A HEAD INJURY IN A CAR CRASH "The world spun around me. It was absolutely terrifying. I was hysterical." Ayla, who is now aged three, was taken to hospital where she underwent surgery to repair the wounds on her face which had about 11 teeth marks. Lee Lewis, 50, pleaded guilty to owning a dog which was dangerously out of control. He was sentenced to six months, suspended for two years, at Bristol Crown Court. DON'T MISS: Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [REVEALED] Prince Harry wanted to cancel tell-all book after visiting Queen [REPORT] Prince Harry has 'crossed the line' as loses US support, expert claims [LATEST] Crystalee said: "Ayla has been left traumatised. "She’s now very scared and doesn’t like being away from me. "She was due to start nursery, but we had to postpone because she was so terrified. "She became really angry after the attack. She stopped eating and it affected her potty training." Crystalee added that Ayla, who was two at the time of the attack, is so young it is difficult to know the extent of the emotional damage, but she has had art therapy to help her process what happened. The mum of three continued: "We had to re-home our two beloved dogs because I’m now so terrified of dogs. "It’s had a huge impact on us as a family and I really worry about long term damage it will have done."