 Brandon Lee, 26, and Dylan Lee, 25, were born to one of the most famous Hollywood couples in the 1990s, and one of the first to fall victim to a sex tape scandal. Brandon has now spoken out about how the tape and his mother’s Playboy career made for a turbulent and brawl-filled childhood.   Pamela Anderson, 55, and Tommy Lee, 60, were only married for three years but the scandals surrounding their relationship made them household names across the globe. In 1995, what was meant to be a private video of the newlyweds was stolen from their home during renovations. The tape was sold off and scattered across the internet with deep interest from fans as Pamela was already a world-renowned sex symbol thanks to her Playboy and Baywatch careers. In 1996, the same year Brandon was born, Pamela reportedly tried to launch a legal bid against a video distribution company but ultimately failed to prosecute anyone for the theft of her private video. READ MORE: Piers Morgan finally uncovers reason for health woes after three years of symptoms  Pamela: A Love Story is a new Netflix documentary which sees Brandon speaking out about the infamous tape and the devastating impact it had on his childhood. He revealed that as a child he always felt that “everyone had this dirty little secret about me family” and he was constantly on his guard as a result. With a hairpin trigger, Brandon would often end up in brawls on the playground. He said: “If anyone brought up my mum. I was very quick to flush with anger.” In the documentary, Pamela also recalled how her youngest son seemingly found out about the tape at school.    The former Playboy model had hoped to talk her children through her career and the tape when they were old enough but solemnly noted: “I never got the chance.” She said: “I remember one day after school, Dylan coming to me in tears saying, ‘Why did you do that tape?’ “I was like, ‘Really, we didn’t make a sex tape’.” At the time, many speculated that the couple had leaked the tape themselves in order to monetize it, but the actress insists this is not the case and that there wouldn’t be a big enough sum to convince her to sell it.  However, despite the impact it had on his life, Brandon wishes his mother had made money out of the traumatising situation. He said: “She would have made millions of dollars if she had just signed the paper. “Instead she sat back with nothing and watched her career fizzle into thin air. She was in debt most of her life.” Brandon’s younger brother, however, agrees with his mother’s decision.  Dylan shared: “Things would have been different if she had made money on that tape. “But people made millions of dollars and she was like ‘no’ because she 100 percent cared about her family being OK and me being OK.”  Pamela: A Love Story releases on January 31 on Netflix.