People in England can get their prescriptions for free for several reasons, depending on their situation and the medical conditions they have. It’s definitely worth checking the list as an individual does not have to be suffering from a long-term medical issue to get the suppport. These groups of people can get free NHS prescriptions: READ MORE: Pensioner gets refund of £1,132 thanks to Martin Lewis tip People on certain benefits, or whose partner is on these benefits, can also get their NHS medication for free. This also applies to anyone under the age of 20 who is the dependant of someone receiving one of these benefits. The eligible benefits include: DON'T MISS:Younger millennials are savviest age group when it comes to money [ANALYSIS]Britons could earn over £670 renting out through Airbnb [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency [EXPLAINED] Those with certain medical conditions can also get free NHS prescriptions. In this case, a person will need to get a medical exemption certificate, which is a credit-size card. The certificate usually lasts for five years and the person has to renew it themselves to continue to get their medication for free. To apply for a certificate, a person will need to contact their GP to process the application. A person will get a reminder one month before their current certificate expires. Individuals are responsible to make sure their certificate is valid when they claim the free medication. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges energy customers to act as ‘crucial’ deadline looms A person can get the exemption certificate if they have one of these conditions: The Government is proposing to scrap free NHS prescriptions for over 60s, meaning older Britons can only claim the support once they reach state pension age, which is currently 66. The state pension age is set to start rising to 67 in 2026 and then to 68, meaning more and more Britons may be affected by the worsening health conditions of old age before they can claim the free prescriptions. The average cost of an NHS prescription is currently £9.35 per item in England and can add pressure to Britons’ budgets during the ongoing cost of living crisis. All residents of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland already get their prescriptions for free. NHS prescription charges change annually on April 1. 