The Malibu coast in Los Angeles, USA, was left feeling the effects of a recent earthquake which measured in with a 4.2 magnitude. The quake took place approximately nine miles off the coast but its aftershocks, which had a 3.5 magnitude, hit LA just moments later in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Former NCIS stalwart Perrette took to Twitter to assure fans she was safe after feeling “obligated” to do so. It had been two months since the typically private Perrette had taken to the social media site to share updates with her 704.3k followers. Following the earthquake, Perrette broke her silence to assure fans she was okay. “Because everyone in LA tweets #earthquake when there’s an #earthquake,” she began. “Or when you’re not sure if that was actually an #earthquake, you tweet #earthquake. You check Twitter for the hashtag #earthquake. READ MORE: NCIS 20 delayed: CBS drama set for hiatus “I feel obligated to come on here now and tweet this word: #earthquake,” she signed off. While it seems Perrette may have been poking fun at the volume of people taking to social media in the aftermath, a number of fans were still pleased to know she was doing well. Replying to Perrette, Melinda Ann Weaver said: “Where have you been? Glad to know you are ok.” While Dione Umbach echoed: “Nice to see you on here again! Been keeping up with you on Instagram though! “Hope the #earthquake didn’t shake you too much and that you were safe during all those rainstorms!” Carl Barnes weighed in: ”Good to see you’re still around. Miss your tweets.” While @BatmanTheFirst concurred: “So nice to hear from you again. Hope you're fine. Best wishes from Germany.” Elsewhere, @SoapGirl21 encouraged: “Love you, Pauley! Take care of yourself,” followed by a love heart emoji. DON'T MISS:Harrison Ford brands new role away from 1923 ‘best dialogue ever’NCIS fans 'work out' Nick Torres exit twist as 'replacement' joins Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk leaves co-star ‘crying’ with sweet tribute The LA County Office of Emergency Management said in a tweet. Following the incident: “This morning’s M4.2 quake off the coast of Malibu is a reminder that we live in #earthquake country.” However, the US National Tsunami Warning Center assured there was no threat of a tsunami ensuing, according to the LA Times. Meanwhile, Perrette may have been relatively quiet on Twitter but she has been regularly filling fans in on Instagram. The former NCIS star joined the photo-sharing platform last year following a series of fake accounts pretending to be her. Perrette played the role of Abby Sciuto on the CBS drama, now in its 20th season, for 15 years. She left the role in 2018 before going on to appear in the sitcom Broke on the same network. The door was left open for Abby to return to the crime drama, but as of yet, there has been no official word of her making a comeback. In fact, Perrette has announced her retirement from acting following the end of Broke. NCIS season 20 airs Monday on CBS in the USA and Wednesday in the UK on Disney+.