As night falls on Friday, the islanders gather around the fire pit to play a game of dares. Each Love Island contestant must pop a balloon in the sexiest way possible to reveal their dare. Unfortunately for Tom, he ends up upsetting Zara, who he is coupled up with, when he completes his dare. First up, Olivia is dared to snog the two islanders that she thinks are most attracted to her and she picks Tom and Spencer. Spencer is then asked to snog the three girls he thinks are the sexiest in the villa. The islanders watch on as he snogs Tanyel, Lana and Olivia. It’s then up to Tom to name the three islanders that would make up his perfect partner. He picks Olivia for face, Zara for body and Lana for personality. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row In a first-look clip of Friday’s instalment, Zara is visibility annoyed over Tom’s decision to pick Olivia for face. She can be seen glaring at her partner who cheekily laughs at the naughty day. Zara and Olivia have already argued over their shared interest in Tom so how will his latest admission go down? Could there be another argument in the villa as the girls come to blows over the former bombshell? Elsewhere, Ron promises Lana he will tell newcomer Ellie he isn’t interested in her. Ron tells Lana: “I want to be respectful, but I also want to be selfish.” “What do you want to do?” Lana asks before Ron makes a promise he can’t go back on. He declares: “Carry on with us… I don’t think she has a chance of swaying me. DON'T MISS...Jake Paul says Molly-Mae has given birth in jab at boxing rival Tommy [LATEST]Love Island’s Haris Namani returns to UK amid video controversy [PICTURES]Love Island update as two islanders are dumped from the villa  [LATEST] “I think I’m gonna do something mad and ‘dead it’ tonight. I just want to, I feel like we are too good. “When I spend time with you there’s no way she’s ever going to touch this.” However, Lana isn’t convinced and in the teaser, she warns Ron not to promise something he can’t keep to. Will Ellie manages to convince Ron not to give up on her so easily? Body language expert Darren Stanton recently told Betfair Bingo Ellie “will have to work for Ron’s affections” as pair fail to show an “instantaneous spark”. He shared: “Ron seems committed to exploring where things are going to go with Lana, therefore I do not think his head could be turned. “I believe Ron and Lana are one of the strongest couples in terms of natural body language and rapport. “I would not be surprised if the pair made it to the final.” Love Island airs Sunday-Friday on ITV2 at 9pm.