Lisa Marie Presley was found unresponsive by her housekeeper at her home on January 12, after going into cardiac arrest. Elvis’ daughter died after being rushed to West Hills Hospital and Medical Center in California, despite her housekeeper’s desperate emergency call. New details have now emerged giving fans an insight into the tragic moments after Lisa Marie was found unresponsive. “What’s the address of your emergency?” an operator asked the housekeeper. According to the New York post, the domestic services professional “struggled to get her words out and seemed frantic”. “Ma’am, is there someone else there with you right now?” the responder enquired. They then asked the housekeeper if she could hand the phone to someone else. “Hi,” reportedly said a man, believed to be Lisa Marie’s ex-husband Danny Keough, taking over the call. The operator went on: “Sir, listen, paramedics [are] already on the way,” before they asked if the ambulance needed to know anything to be able to get to the home. “No, there’s a security gate in the neighbourhood, but they’ll just let them through,” the man added. A few seconds later, the man reportedly said he believed the paramedics had arrived. Lisa Marie is survived by her eldest child, Riley, 33, and twins Harper and Finley, 14. Her only son Benjamin Keough, 27, took his own life in 2020 following a lengthy battle with depression and drug addiction. The only child of the King of Rock died with her mother, Priscilla Presley, at her bedside. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology [PHOTOS]Emma Willis' husband Matt fights back tears after missing milestone [NEWS]Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post [LATEST] Priscilla released a statement, reading: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Lisa Marie’s ex-husband Danny is said to have performed CPR on his ex-wife until the paramedics arrived. He is the father of Riley, 33, who took his own life in July 2020 aged 27. Her fourth husband Michael Lockwood is the father of the late star's daughters Harper Vivienne and Finlay. It is thought that Lisa Marie will be buried alongside her son and her father in the family plot at the Graceland mansion. A public memorial service will be held on the front lawn at 9am on Sunday. Prior to her death, Lisa Marie celebrated what would have been Elvis Presley's 88th birthday in a public appearance with fans outside his famous home.