Atop a sprawling hillside overlooking Bath, a variety of farmyard animals are busy pottering around or making mischief. Chickens lay eggs for sale, cattle graze the grassland and Shetland ponies Dougie and Dougal sporadically chase the sheep across the fields.  None melt hearts in quite the same way as Bath City Farm’s star attraction, 15 adorable pygmy goats, who skip and dance about the 37-acre expanse of grassland, woodland, ponds and wetlands. But their place at the top of the pecking order could soon be usurped by the arrival of two woolly alpacas next month. The South American camel natives – not to be confused with their larger llama relatives – are known for their gentle nature and natural inquisitiveness. “One of the reasons for the founding of city farms was to provide urban children opportunities to meet and engage with animals in the rural life where maybe they wouldn’t have ordinarily had those experiences,” explains the farm’s director Brendan Tate Wistreich. “We think alpacas will prove very popular.” There is another motive behind the decision. Alpacas are expert grazers whose padded feet are kinder to pastures than sheep and cows, so they’re good value for money for the working farm in these tough economic times. “Meat production on a very small scale is a lot less profitable now and it’s quite hard to justify when we’ve got such high costs in terms of animal feed and bedding that have gone up in the cost-of-living crisis,” Brendan says. “It has made us think about the animals we keep and why we keep them.” The ability to adapt and evolve is why city farms have just celebrated their 50th anniversary. Over five decades, and with little fanfare or publicity, these often small spaces have provided millions of people in urban communities with opportunities to learn about animals, farming and food production. So beloved are they as a free and accessible resource that you need only browse the passionate multitude of comments on Bath City Farm’s crowdfunding page, set up recently to help cover its soaring costs.  “Our grandchildren, who are now almost grown up, loved the farm, especially the hens when they were little,” writes Eileen Copeman, one donor of 223 supporters who have helped to raise over £33,000 to date. “[The farm] gave my bicycling daughter a reason to keep going after being involved in a car crash,” comments another person. “Happy to support a true heart of Bath,” says Stephen Hacker. City farms have always been refuges, pockets of green space and wildlife where visitors can escape traffic fumes and noise for an hour or even just a few moments. But increasingly, they provide therapeutic opportunities for people with learning disabilities and mental health difficulties. And they upskill job seekers looking for work. “City Farms feel like the zeitgeist for all the things they have championed for the last 50 years concerning community engagement and cohesion, co-creation, mental health and well-being, and environmental learning,” says Eira Gibson, director of Kentish Town City Farm. “It feels like our time now and hopefully we’ll get more recognition for our work.” Located in the heart of Camden, it is where the movement, now numbering more than 50 farms, began in late 1972. “Our founders wanted a space where people could play, create and imagine,” Eira says. “[To provide] a creative space where you can be free from the burdens of everyday life, and that’s true to what we do today.”  With train lines skirting its borders, Kentish Town Farm best illustrates these urban spaces as a juncture between town and country. “Our goats are waved at by commuters heading out of town,” smiles Eira. The 4.5 acre space houses a riding arena, wildlife pond and numerous animals including Shirley the cow. Life here sprang from the stables. “The honest answer about our history is that it was accidental,” says co-founder David Powell. Back in 1972, he was part of the community theatre group Interaction that rented a disused wood yard from Camden Council to house their fleet of vehicles. After discovering a set of Victorian stables, they created London’s only riding school not owned by the Queen. “Suddenly there was half a dozen horses and a couple of local volunteers who were very keen to look after them. My father-in-law was a farmer and he donated some silkie chickens and a calf and within six months, there was an embryonic City Farm and it just grew.” The idea quickly attracted local enthusiasm. “One evening we went into a local pub, now flats, and asked, ‘Does anybody want an allotment?’ The whole pub cheered and we led this crocodile of pensioners and others up through the farm to where the community gardens are now. They have been in use and pretty well looked after since then.” More city farms took shape after the group’s story attracted publicity, with people calling up or visiting from across the country wanting to replicate their idea. “They all do things slightly differently but it’s been a brilliant thing to have been part of and I feel enormously proud as do my colleagues from the time,” David says.  One of Britain’s most urban farms is Surrey Docks Farm, launched in 1975 at Greenland Dock, London, but which relocated to its current 2.2 acre site at Rotherhithe in 1986. The enterprise works with local communities in Southwark to teach people about farming, food production and allows them to be actively involved in the ongoing working life of the farm. But not all city farms are working ones. While some sell produce, others provide petting opportunities. “Perhaps there isn’t as much scope as there should be for sharing ideas and information but it’s certainly not competitive. There tends to be more demand for what city farms do than there are city farms,” says Hugh Stolliday, who manages Ouseburn Farm, Newcastle. Ouseburn was started in 1976 by residents of Byker in Ouseburn Valley. The area was a former industrial powerhouse turned derelict wasteland where people wanted to raise animals and grow fruit and vegetables. It remains deprived but has gentrified in recent years and, in parts, become a cultural hotspot with a mix of visitors. “We have lots of school visitors, preschoolers who come with their grandparents while their parents are working, grandparents and lots of students from the city’s universities,” says Hugh. “Some people say they have no idea that the farm was here but we get many people who remember coming with their parents when they were little and now bring their children.” After-school clubs and young farmers’ groups, typically for eight to 16-year-olds, are popular. City farms helped many children isolated at home during Covid to regain lost confidence and social skills. It can even get them back into education.  Prior to joining a therapeutic animal care group at Bath City Farm, Sam was regularly skipping college and was struggling with his mental health. Since coming to the farm on Saturdays, he has become a long-term volunteer and has regained his motivation. “The farm programme pushes me outside my comfort zone because I’m not really that social, so being here made me more comfortable with people,” he says. “I feel like I’m a bit more confident in myself and I’m a hard worker.” Grandfather and dad-of-four Steve Gillett has also benefited from the farm’s support. The retired Ministry of Defence worker developed severe anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder during the pandemic. “I was not in a good place,” he says. “I just sat in a chair and my world got smaller and smaller.” Steve was prescribed medication, therapy and walks with a volunteer, leading to a chance meeting in a cafe about volunteering at Bath City Farm. He’s been there for three months now and pivots between gardening, working in the cafe and caring for the animals. “It’s the most wonderful place, they’ve basically saved my life,” he says. “This has made me focus on what’s important in life.” The benefits of social prescribing – when health professionals refer patients to non-clinical activities such as gardening – is one reason policymakers are realising city farms need long-term investment and support.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Northern Roots, the UK’s largest urban farm in Oldham, Greater Manchester, was initiated by the area’s local authority. “Some city farms run vegetable box schemes which could be upscaled to make short food supply chains more accessible,” says Prof Mike Hardman, the University of Salford’s lead on urban sustainability. “Then there are those farms doing hi-tech activities such as hydroponics [growing plants without soil] and aquaponics [coupling aquafarming of smaller water organisms with hydroponics]. “The interest from policymakers and other actors will help more of these spaces to start up and to be sustained through awareness and funding.” In the past, city farms enabled urban kids to come face-to-face with a cow or to pet a goat. The opportunities still exist but today children are encouraged to think bigger. “The animals are what we’re best known for and what you’ll remember from your visits but it’s about making sure that everything that we do is as sustainable as it can be and highlighting the connections between food production, animal welfare and sustainable living,” adds Eira. Recently, she held an apple-themed event for the local community. It poured in the morning and she feared no one would come. She needn’t have worried. Visitors and volunteers turned out in their droves. “Suddenly at 12pm the blue sky peeked through and it became a day of joy,” she says. “There is something about nature that always reminds us there is hope.” 