Microsoft's campaign to get all of its users to adopt Windows 11 is taking another dramatic turn with the US technology firm about to block the sale of Windows 10 via its official store. Tomorrow, January 31, 2023, is the last day that those using older operating systems - such as Windows 7 or Windows 8 - will be able to purchase the Windows 10 upgrade directly from Microsoft - after that date, only Windows 11 will be available. "January 31, 2023 will be the last day this Windows 10 download is offered for sale," the US technology giant confirmed on its website. This news comes at a particularly bad time for millions of Windows fans with Microsoft ending support for some of its ageing products earlier this month. Users of operating systems such as Windows 8.1 were recently warned that their PCs will no longer get vital security updates, new features or bug fixes aimed at keeping things safe and free of glitches. Those who haven't already switched to Windows 10 will now be left with only one, and very costly, option. Although Windows 11 is the latest and greatest software from Microsoft it does have one issue as many older PCs simply are compatible with it. This new OS requires more modern hardware with laptop owners needing a machine with powerful processors under the hood and something called a TPM 2.0. TPM stands for Trusted Platform Module and is a security feature built into hardware that you'll only find on newer devices. Windows 10 requires much less power to run but with it now being phased out, buying a new computer may soon be the only option for those wanting to make sure their devices and personal files stay safe. Along with being removed from sale, Microsoft has also confirmed the date that it will stop support for Windows 10 and it's not as far away as many may think. In fact, this OS will become obsolete from 2025 - that's just two years away. As the firm explains on its Windows support pages, "Once a Microsoft operating system (OS) reaches the end of support, customers will no longer receive technical assistance, software updates, or security fixes." With Windows 10 updates also due to be scrapped in 2025, Microsoft is now urging users to make the jump to Windows 11. "We recommend upgrading to a version of Windows that is still supported," Microsoft said. "A new device that can run Windows 11 makes for an easy transition and a great experience."