FaZe Temperrr has been confirmed as Dillon Danis' replacement to fight KSI next weekend after the MMA fighter pulled out at the last minute. It was confirmed by KSI's manager earlier on Wednesday that Danis had pulled out with the fighter "under-prepared", lacking a coach and struggling to meet weight. But it's now been announced that KSI's planned fight will still go ahead on the night as he will take on fellow YouTube sensation FaZe. Fans were already sceptical of Danis' appearance on January 14 after the Unbeaten Bellator MMA star skipped the scheduled press conference with KSI. And KSI mocked the 29-year-old for dropping out of the fight, labelling him a "keyboard warrior". "I mentioned at the press conference that Dillon was being haunted by me," KSI said. "He made his excuses and knew he couldn't handle what I bring to a boxing ring. This answers the question whether he's a fighter or not. "He's a warrior alright, a keyboard warrior, and hopefully he's learnt to leave the real men to speak with their actions rather than hollow words. That being said, my focus won't be distracted from the task at hand and that's FaZe Temper. "We've come head-to-head plenty of times with the Sidemen and FaZe Clan competing against each other, and it looks like we have another challenge on our hands. Credit to Temper for stepping up like a REAL fighter.” FaZe, who's real name is Thomas Oliveira, is 2-1 as a boxer and has fought on KSI's undercard before. His only loss came via a knockout against Slim Albaher back in August, the same night as KSI's 'two fights in one night' event.  He returned a couple of months later with a vengeance, stopping Overtflow within just 20 seconds of the fight starting. And FaZe is confident that he can pick up another win when he steps in the ring with KSI. "I showed exactly what I can do in my last fight," he said. "At any moment in the fight, I can catch my opponent and you can see how they respond when that happens. "The Sidemen have been on top for too long, and it's time for FaZe and I to show them exactly what we're made of. Sure, KSI is a huge name, but only one man is going to come out of this victorious. "I hope he's as prepared as he says he is, because I’m coming to London to do one thing, and that's claim a massive win inside that ring." 