Lisa Marie Presley was “very excited” about her future projects before her untimely death on January 12, following her public appearance at Graceland. Elvis Presley’s only daughter visited her son Benjamin’s grave in her childhood home’s Meditation Garden, where she reflected upon life with her friend David Kessler. Lisa became friends with David, who is an author and grief expert, after Benjamin’s death by suicide in 2020. The pair were sitting in silence before Lisa reportedly revealed how she believed she had “a lot to do still” in life before being buried with her son and her father. David claimed: "We sat there mostly in silence by Ben's grave. “She showed me where she'd be buried someday, right across from her father's grave. “I said, 'Not for a long time,' and she was like, 'Nope, I got a lot to do still.’” “She was very excited about what was coming up,” David added to People. “She had such a challenging first and second act of life, and she was about to take on this third act that was so much about helping people." However, just five days later Lisa died following a number of public appearances, including the Golden Globes which saw actor Austin Butler win a Golden Globe for his portrayal of Elvis Presley in the Baz Luhrmann biopic, Elvis. Lisa has been reported to have died after going into cardiac arrest for a second time in the hospital. Lisa was rushed to the hospital on Thursday morning after she was found by her housekeeper collapsed inside her Calabasas home. Ambulance workers managed to reach the singer and regain a pulse, according to TMZ. Her family rushed to her bedside, where she was placed in an induced coma and on life support. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson 'caved into the woke' as critic slams Meghan apology [PHOTOS]Emma Willis' husband Matt fights back tears after missing milestone [NEWS]Stacey and Kevin Clifton welcome first child as they share sweet post [LATEST] As reported by the Daily Mail, on learning that she was already brain dead her family made the hard decision to sign a "do not resuscitate order". She suffered a second cardiac arrest and died, with her mother, Priscilla Presley at her bedside. Priscilla released a statement, reading: "It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. "She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known." Lisa's ex-husband Danny Keough performed CPR on his ex-wife until the paramedics arrived. He is the father of her eldest daughter Riley, 33, and son Benjamin, who took his own life in July 2020 aged 27. Her fourth husband Michael Lockwood is the father of Presley's 14-year-old twin daughters Harper Vivienne and Finlay. Lisa is to be buried in Graceland beside her son, Benjamin.