Aries Staffing levels cause problems in the workplace. You are taking on far too much to keep those in high places happy but have they considered how you feel about this? You need to relax more. You’re on track, in a competitive event, for a first place finish. Taurus A new commitment will mean you have some serious business ahead of you for once you make this decision you won’t be able to change your mind very easily. A deadline will be postponed for the second or third time and you are starting to wonder if a certain project is ever going to come about. Gemini On the back of a recent success you will be looking to make further similar achievements. Although you are hesitant to share your feelings, bear in mind that your body language can also convey more than you actually say. A sensitive friend will pick up on your thoughts. Cancer A little research before making important decisions could save you unnecessary worry in the future. A financial dilemma that crops up will require you to have a heart to heart talk with a romantic or business partner. A report published today will give you a lot to discuss with your colleagues. Leo A campaign is launched. People will be invited to come forward to help with a voluntary effort. Your involvement will be welcomed and will give you a lot of satisfaction. Before choosing what to do next in the workplace, ask a senior colleague whether there is anything they need you to do. Virgo You will quickly realise someone really believes a story they are telling you even though you suspect they have not been told the truth. This makes it hard for you to know whether something is awry or whether you are imagining problems that do not exist.   Libra A family related problem will turn out to be very trivial. If you ignore it, it will go away. An impulsive online purchase isn’t a smart idea especially if you are currently watching the pennies. A touch of trust will go a long way in a close relationship. Scorpio Extra demands are coming your way and some will involve lending a helping hand to a friend, workmate or neighbour. Hold on to your wallet as you could easily get roped into giving someone a loan or paying for something for someone who will never repay you. Sagittarius Remind yourself there are limited productive hours in a day. Some should be reserved for rest, relationships and eating. You’re doing your best to squeeze a lot into a short amount of time. Have you taken on more than you can comfortably handle?     Capricorn You have analysed a situation while taking into account all the facts. A decision will be based on all you have learned so far. Your sound logic may not be enough to convince someone you are right. They are certain there is something else that has not yet been considered. Aquarius You might convince yourself you are being practical when if you were to think about it a little more, you will realise that emotions are colouring your decisions. A partner will want to do something special for the evening. This will make for a quietly romantic ending to the day. Pisces You feel pulled in a number of different directions. For a short while you may even entertain the notion that it is possible to follow a few paths at the same time. What you will soon find out is that all roads will eventually take you to the same place.  