Rishi Sunak's anti-strike laws are opposed by a majority of people, new polling has found. The new legislation, introduced last week, will set "minimum safety levels" for several industries, limiting their ability to take industrial action. This comes as the country continues to be rocked by strikes across a range of critical sectors. But despite the disruption, a new poll conducted by Techne UK for Express.co.uk, found that most people oppose the new laws. When asked, "Do you support anti-strike legislation?", 61 percent of people answered No. Just 21 percent of people said they support the laws, while 18 percent said they don't know. The Government has denied that the laws will remove the right to strike, with Business Secretary Grant Shapps saying ministers "absolutely believe in the right to strike". But he said the Government is "duty bound" to protect the lives and livelihoods of the public. He added: "We don't want to use this legislation but we must ensure the safety of the British public." In a crippling blow to Mr Sunak, the poll found that even Conservative voters are opposed to the laws. Of those who voted Conservative in the 2019 elections, 55 percent are opposed to the legislation. 30 percent support it. Of those who voted for the Labour party, 82 percent are opposed while just 6 percent support it. But union bosses have dismissed the plans as "undemocratic" and "unworkable". Last week, the head of the Trades Union Congress, Paul Nowak, said that if it became law the legislation would "prolong disputes and poison industrial relations - leading to more frequent strikes". He added: "This legislation would mean that when workers democratically vote to strike, they can be forced to work and sacked if they don't comply. "That's undemocratic, unworkable, and almost certainly illegal." Sir Keir Starmer said he would repeal the legislation if Labour came to power. The Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." He said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it." The poll, conducted by Techne UK on January 11 and 12, spoke to 1,626 adults across the UK.