Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "on the same path of loneliness and destruction" as the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, commentator Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk. Schofield argued the public is "catching on" to the couple's tendency to perceive any suggestion or criticism as a "slight" against them. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have levelled a series of explosive allegations against the Royal Family since they announced plans to step down as senior working members of the institution. The To Di For Daily podcast host told Express.co.uk the King is unlikely to intervene directly to strip the couple of their titles but would rather "ignore" the pair. She said: "Harry and Meghan weaponize anything they deem a slight. Anything. Even something so insignificant as reluctantly allowing someone (who is practically a stranger) to borrow your lip gloss. "I think the King would rather pretend they don’t exist while Harry and Meghan continue to throw three years' worth of tantrums. "The public are catching on. Polling suggests people are fed up." JUST IN: King Charles and Camilla make powerful gesture to mark Holocaust Memorial Day Schofield added: "The King will focus on the future of the monarchy vs a bunch of whiny quitters. "Too bad they weren't given the Duke and Duchess of Windsor titles. They're on the same path of loneliness and destruction." Edward VIII followed his then-lover Wallis Simpson in France after announcing to the world his intention to step down to be "with the woman I love". Prince Harry's great-grandfather, King George VI, granted his eldest brother the title of Duke of Windsor and allowed him to keep the HRH style. READ MORE: Prince Harry could be on course to return to UK for wedding of his 'unofficial best man' Edward and Wallis married at Château de Candé in June 1937, and the American divorcee was granted the use of the title Duchess of Windsor – but not the HRH. The couple briefly returned to the UK at the start of World War Two but moved to the Bahamas in 1940 after he was appointed Governor by George VI. The Duke and Duchess of Windsor then settled in France, where they remained for the rest of their life mostly excluded from major royal events bar funerals. In the case of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the Royal Family has reiterated they remain "much-loved" members of the family despite their decision to step down. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan's home in danger as stars flee Montecito due to storm [REPORT]Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family [INSIGHT]BBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [ANALYSIS] In a statement following their announcement about stepping down from their working roles, the late Queen said: "Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much-loved members of my family. "I recognise the challenges they have experienced as a result of intense scrutiny over the last two years and support their wish for a more independent life. "I want to thank them for all their dedicated work across this country, the Commonwealth and beyond, and am particularly proud of how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family." Her Late Majesty also included the couple in the celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee last summer. And the King is expected to extend an invitation for the Sussexes to attend his coronation in May.