Alec Baldwin, 64, has been faced with up to 18 months in jail after the Hollywood actor was charged with involuntary manslaughter after he accidentally killed cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. It has now been reported that Alec will not be charged for the shooting of Rust director Joel Souza, despite being hit by the same bullet that killed Halyna. The Santa Fe District Attorney's Office reportedly told US outlet TMZ there's just no crime when it comes to the directing incident. They characterised the shooting of the director as "unintentional battery", with no such punishment existing. A battery requires intent, with the D.A. claiming Baldwin had no intention to hurt anyone, with the case against the actor being rooted in "alleged recklessness". It was confirmed in recent weeks that New Mexico prosecutors were charging Baldwin with manslaughter for Halyna's accidental death. READ MORE: Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' Hannah Gutierrez Reed, the film's armourer, will also be charged. Former federal prosecutor Neama Rahmani said he was surprised by the decision of his New Mexico colleagues and suggested they will seek to make an example of the Hollywood actor. He said: "I don't think this case would've been prosecuted if the defendant wasn't named Alec Baldwin. "I would not have prosecuted it. They're trying to throw the book at Baldwin and make an example out of him." Rahmani argued the charge is unjustified "unless they have evidence that hasn't yet been publicly reported." He also warned Baldwin could face the maximum sentence should he be convicted, but said he has a "strong defence". Alec's lawyer Luke Nikas insisted the actor will fight back against the charges and branded the decision to prosecute a "terrible miscarriage of justice." Nikas said: "This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins' tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice. "Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun — or anywhere on the movie set. "He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds." DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen admits life is 'never easy' as single mum of nine [INSIGHT] Shakira waves from same balcony she put witch doll on amid divorce [PICS] Beyoncé leaves little to the imagination in gold number [HOLLYWOOD] The statement announcing the charges read: "Actor and producer Alec Baldwin and armourer Hannah Gutierrez Reed will each be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter. I have determined that there is sufficient evidence. "On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice." Both face up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 (£4,040) fine if convicted. The film's assistant director David Halls entered a guilty plea to a misdemeanour charge of the negligent use of a deadly weapon, prosecutors said, and he will spend six months serving probation. In a statement, a lawyer for Halyna's husband, Matthew, said he supported the filing of the charges, as he said: "It is a comfort to the family that, in New Mexico, no one is above the law." Halyna died in hospital shortly after she was shot in the chest by a prop gun fired by Alec on set. The incident resulted in accusations of negligence and led to calls for better safety protocols on film sets. Alec has since been pictured with his wife and children as Hilaria asked for the cameras to give her family privacy.