The latest Love Island host is reported to have quit her role as presenter on a popular BBC Three show. Maya Jama has only been in her role as Love Island presenter for two weeks but has already won a legion of fans.  Maya, 28, has thrilled fans with her debut on Love Island with fans praising her down to earth attitude and incredible style. She’s such a hit, The Sun have reported she’s cut ties with the BBC and will not return to her role as host of Glow Up. Maya took over from Stacey Dooley to host the third series in 2021 and fourth series in 2022. She is not expected to return for the fifth outing, which is likely to air later this year. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star It comes as Maya has won praise from fans after taking over as Love Island host from Laura Whoitmore. Confirming her new role, she shared a clip of herself “grabbing love by the horns” in a teaser for ITV on her Instagram page. She teased: “We’re ready, are you? Its time to grab love by the horns @loveisland.” After welcoming the first islanders to the South African villa last week, Maya said she was “overwhelmed” with the support from fans. Posting a snap of herself in a slinky black dress, she commented: “Overwhelmed from last night, thank you so much for your kind words.. who’s ready for tonight’s episode ??” Maya is reported have been given 50 percent more air time on Love Island than previous hosts. Following her run on the winter series, it’s expected she will return later in the year for the main series. It’s also been revealed more viewers tuned into spin-off series Aftersun than Love Island. DON'T MISS...Maya Jama insists 'I was happier than I look' in racy Love Island pics [PICTURES]Maya Jama opens up on estranged father and lookalike mother [INSIGHT]How to watch Love Island 2023 live on ITVX in UK, US and abroad [EXPLAINER] Her first show on Aftersun saw a peak audience of 1.82million compared to the 1.51million who watched the Love Island opening episode. A source told The Sun: “Spin-off shows are certainly not meant to be the main event. “They sit alongside the main show to make use of extra footage, steer narrative or ramp up noise around a programme. “So no one ever expects the sister show to exceed the main show in figures. “Maya is proving to be the shot in the arm Love Island really needs right now.” She thrilled those tuning into Aftersun as she sizzled in a floor-length hot pink frock with a large cut out to showcase her toned abs. The off-the-shoulder number was paired with pink sandals and gold hoop earrings. Love Island airs weeknights on ITV at 9pm