Sue Barker's Wimbledon replacement for 2023 is yet to be officially revealed - although it seems the iconic BBC presenter has already let it slip. Barker, 66, fronted the live coverage of the tournament for the final time last summer, bringing the curtain down on one of the great broadcasting careers. In emotional scenes, Barker was honoured during the Centre Court anniversary celebrations midway through the tournament, with long-time colleague John McEnroe paying tribute to her over the microphone. And further recognition then came at the BT Sport Action Woman Awards in November. Barker was handed the Lifetime Achievement Award at the event, which was hosted by Clare Balding. The latter has also worked at Wimbledon over the years, and during her acceptance speech Barker inadvertently confirmed her promotion. "I just want to say, leaving Wimbledon, it’s incredibly… I’ve loved it all my life," said Barker. "I know I’m leaving it in the safest hands, it’s absolutely wonderful to leave it with Clare. But also Clare, this year at Wimbledon, myself, you and Isa Guha. To have three women presenting Wimbledon for the first time ever.” JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev drops to four-year low as Rafael Nadal in danger after Aus Open Despite Barker's apparent slip-up, the BBC are yet to officially confirm Balding's new role. But the development won't come as a surprise to tennis fans, with Balding renowned for her accomplished work over many sports. The BBC has held the rights to the grass-court Grand Slam for 85 years, with their current contract running until 2024. With the station set to lose the US Masters, Wimbledon is now more integral than ever to their annual programming. DON'T MISS:Roger Federer sends five-word message to old rival Novak Djokovic after Aus Open gloryStefanos Tsitsipas urged to turn to Roger Federer for help after Novak Djokovic lossNovak Djokovic left 'hurt' after private talks led to his dad skipping Aus Open final win In December, in an exclusive interview with the Express, Barker admitted she didn't want to walk away, but knew the time was right: "I didn't want to give up, I loved the job, so I can't say I am looking forward to retirement, I'm not, I wish I was younger and could carry on," she said. "But you know, time, unfortunately, moves on and you have to know the time that is right for you to move on. This was the right time for me and I will go back as a fan and enjoy it."