Arsenal could target three other Barcelona players after interest in Eric Garcia emerged. Mikel Arteta is reportedly keen on a reunion with Garca but he may not be the only Nou Camp star on his radar. Arteta coached the Spanish defender during his time as Pep Guardiola's assistant at Manchester City. It has been claimed a January deal could be on the cards, either on loan or a permanent transfer. Spanish outlet Sport reports the Gunners' interest in Garcia, who has fallen down the pecking order under Xavi. Garcia spent 18 months working under Arteta at City before the latter became Arsenal boss in December 2019. Signing a defender has not been a priority for Arteta in this window so far but he is keen to use the market to its maximum at every opportunity. Strengthening at the other end of the pitch has been the main aim for Arsenal. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk is the top target and a deal is edging closer. But there could also be other attacking options at Barca. El Chiringuito reporter Jose Alvarez claims that Barca are willing to listen to offers for Ferran Torres, Raphinha and Ansu Fati. Former City star Torres has been linked with a move to Arsenal already this month. Raphinha, meanwhile, was a target for the Gunners last summer before he decided to join Barca from Leeds. He has started just seven of his 15 La Liga appearances to date. Torres, and Fati in some regard, would provide versatility in that they can both play out wide and centrally. Arsenal currently have Eddie Nketiah as the only fit senior striker following the knee injury suffered by Gabriel Jesus. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover info emerges with Glazers prepared to sell amid Amazon linksRonaldo has already made feelings on Chelsea-bound Joao Felix clearInside Ronaldo's luxury first Saudi home he shares with Georgina Rodriguez  Nketiah has scored four goals in four games since the resumption of top-flight football. However, there is a lot of responsibility on his shoulders as Arsenal attempt to forget a Premier League title challenge. Raphinha is more of an out-and-out winger and perhaps would not be pursued if a deal for Mudryk can be completed. But Arsenal are in the market for both a winger and a striker. They appear to have missed out on Joao Felix, who looks set to join Chelsea on loan instead. But as well as pursuing Garcia, there are three other potential options the Gunners could bring to the table if they begin negotiations with Barca.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here