A mother has issued a health warning to other women after receiving a terrifying diagnosis at the age of 25 despite experiencing "no symptoms". Sophie Louise Banawich, now 30, was initially referred to the hospital after attending her first smear test when she was 25. Sophie, from Kirkby, Liverpool, had received a letter in the post urging her to book an appointment to get a smear test when she turned 25. The test determined she had "abnormal" cells, meaning she would have to go for smear tests once a year to "keep an eye" on them. But while Sophie was pregnant with her second child Nella in 2020, she was informed she would have to wait 12 weeks from giving birth to receiving her annual smear test. However, Sophie didn't get around to having the smear test done until November 2021 when doctors found severe abnormal cells. Covid also meant there was a six-week delay in Sophie receiving her results. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: "When I received the letter they told me I would need a small procedure done to remove the cells for further testing. I then went to a part of the woman’s hospital located inside Fazakerly Hospital where I was told the cells were too high up the vaginal wall and they couldn’t continue this procedure in this clinic as I would need to be put to sleep but not to worry. "I then waited until February 2022 for the procedure called loop excision where I was put to sleep and they removed all cells to be tested. I waited around four to six weeks for the letter explaining what cells had been removed and these cells were called CIN 3. I then had to go and have a further follow-up smear five to six months after this procedure to ensure all cells had been removed." In July 2022, Sophie was asked to attend the hospital where she received her results. But with a holiday booked, Sophie waited another week before going back for her results. Sophie said: "I rang the hospital to book an appointment as soon as I got home from holiday. I went with my mum and daughter and the consultant explained that the reason I was back was that they wouldn’t expect to see severe abnormal cells after having surgery to remove cells in such a short period of time. I had to have a procedure there and then." Sophie was due to get married the following Friday, but just a week after her wedding she received the devastating news that she had cervical cancer. Sophie said: "She explained she had removed all the cancer with the emergency procedure, but she then gave me further information regarding options for the future as there was a high chance it could return. A hysterectomy was one of the options which I asked for right away in panic mode but after a few minutes, I calmed down and listened to what she said and felt very confident that she had caught this very early and it was not necessary for me to get a hysterectomy just yet. READ MORE: Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice back to work days after Harry book "She reassured me that that option would be there for me if I ever couldn't deal with the stress and worry of what might be. I was placed under her care for at the least there next 10 years of my life. "I'm due an in-depth smear test in March to check that everything is fine but if there are any abnormal cells, I'll be getting the hysterectomy." Sophie has two young children, Cooper, four, and Nella, one, as she warned her story would be "completely different" if she had not gone for her initial smear test at the age of 25. "The consultant wanted me to raise awareness and she told me to shout from the rooftops that a smear test had saved my life." DON'T MISS:Pensioners with joint pain can get up to £369 a month [INSIGHT]Exercise can boost performance in inactive sports, such as chess [COMMENT]Meghan told to 'stop playing victim' by mental health charity founder [OPINION]  Sophie has never missed a smear test since her initial diagnosis and urges all women to attend when receiving reminders from their GP. She added: "I have never missed a smear as I’ve known the importance of it and am quite a worrier in general with having young children. "Missing one has never even crossed my mind. The consultant was very clear in telling me if I hadn’t gone for this smear test my story would be completely different. My message to all women is despite how busy we are, don't let that get in the way of booking your smear test and don't let it slip your mind because it could be the most important thing you do. "I always wonder why women aren’t automatically booked in 12 weeks after they give birth on their six-week check." 