Millions of Britons are grappling with the rising cost of energy bills, but the issue has been exacerbated for disabled individuals and the elderly. As such, a petition has called for further support to be provided to these groups.  Entitled ‘Introduce an unmetered monthly tariff for energy for the elderly and disabled’, the petition has been posted on the Parliament petitions website. It states: “We want the Government to require energy suppliers to offer a fixed monthly rate, with no per unit charges, for gas and electricity, to elderly and disabled customers.” At present, the Energy Bills Support Scheme is providing a £400 discount to all households across England, Scotland and Wales with a domestic electricity connection. However, with this support set to be scaled back after March, there are concerns about how those on a limited income will cope. READ MORE: 500,000 people set to miss out on 10.1% state pension boost The petition continued: “With the cost of living crisis I believe that the elderly and disabled are those most in need of support at this time. “I believe the best course of action that the UK Government can take is to give these groups the right to an 'unmetered tariff' for both gas and electric, charged at a set rate per month. “Doing so could help give that group the added security they most desperately need at this time.” At the time of writing, the petition has garnered some 2,376 signatures. DON'T MISS‘Popular myth’ about Premium Bonds dispelled as prize draw looms [INSIGHT]State pension age to rise with triple lock at risk in future [ANALYSIS]TV licence reform could mean licence fee is replaced with tax [UPDATE] This means it currently falls short of the 10,000 signatures needed for the Government to respond to a Parliament petition. When any petition reaches 100,000 signatures, it is considered for debate in Parliament. All petitions on the Parliament website run for six months, and the deadline for this petition is May 8, 2023. New cost of living payments are set to be available for millions of Britons from spring 2023 to help with energy bills and rising costs. READ MORE: ‘Nail in his coffin’ - Hiking state pension age to ‘destroy Sunak' A new £900 cash boost will be provided to over eight million eligible means-tested benefits claimants. This will include those on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits, for example. There will be a separate £150 payment for over six million disabled people to help. In addition, a £300 payment will be issued to over eight million pensioners on top of their Winter Fuel Payments. Exact payment windows are set to be announced closer to the time, but have been spread across a longer period to ensure a “consistent support offering throughout the year”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They will be as follows: Commenting on the new payments, work and pensions secretary, Mel Stride, said: “We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable and these payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes. “The Government’s wider support package has already helped more than eight million families as we continue to deal with the global consequences of Putin’s illegal war and the aftershocks of the pandemic.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Energy (BEIS) for comment.