Chelsea are reportedly set to turn their attention away from Benfica star Enzo Fernandez in favour of striking a deal with Brighton for Moises Caicedo. Graham Potter is keen to reunite with the midfielder and feels a deal could be done for a reasonable price. The Blues are desperate to strengthen their midfield this month after a disappointing start to the season. With N’Golo Kante and Jorginho yet to pen new deals and fringe stars yet to impress, investment in the centre of the park is seen as compulsory by Potter. Fernandez was Chelsea’s top target heading into January following his sensational World Cup campaign with Argentina that saw him named Young Player of the Tournament. Despite the player’s desire to make the move, the Blues do not appear willing to match his £106million release clause or pay £112m in instalments. Fabrizio Romano reports that the club are now weighing up other options, saying: “For now, the negotiation is off. There is no new meeting scheduled, but let’s wait a few days to see how Chelsea reacts. “Chelsea are now focused on other players; let’s see if they return for Enzo, but they have an eye on other midfielders, one of whom is Moises Caicedo.” Brighton are not looking to part ways with their top talent this month, with fears of offloading their key stars could damage their hopes of European football. Caicedo has been central to their successes this season, with manager Roberto De Zerbi openly admitting that he does not want to lose any players this month – amid interest in Robert Sanchez and Alexis Mac Allister too. Liverpool and Manchester United have also been linked with Caicedo this month, with Newcastle also keeping tabs on the 21-year-old and keen to acquire the services of a Premier League-proven midfielder. However, all interested parties are aware that signing the Ecuador international could come at a significant cost – with Brighton not willing to negotiate fees beyond their asking price, and according to The Mirror, that figure is £85million. Asked last week by The Argus whether there had been any interest in Seagulls stars, chief executive Paul Barber said: “No - and we don’t want any. We are quite happy as we are, certainly for as long as we can be. But we are also realistic. “We can’t be surprised when there is interest and at some point, we have to accept that these players will go on to play at an even higher level than ours. But, at the moment, we are going well. We are looking forward to the rest of the season and we want to try and keep our group together.”