Toto Wolff has admitted stakeholders in the team have expressed their concerns over the Silver Arrows' 2023 approach after a poor year for Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. Mercedes struggled last season with the German marque suffering from porpoising early on in the campaign before noticing they had a pace disadvantage to Red Bull. The issues pushed the team to its worst performance since the start of the turbo-hybrid era which yielded eight back-to-back Constructors’ Championships. In response, the Mercedes team boss has revealed some key details about Hamilton and Russell’s car next season. The Austrian’s remarks suggest the machine could look similar to last year’s W13 but will be a different model underneath as they aim to mount a comeback. Wolff told Auto Motor und Sport: “I think we already have to change some things where we found they didn’t work. We had a discussion with a stakeholder. He asked us: Are you changing the concept? My answer was: What does concept mean? “Does it refer to what is visible from the outside – narrow or wide side boxes? Or does concept mean differences in the architecture, in the weight distribution, with the aerodynamic window? In other words, things that are not visible. There is no sacred plan with us. We mercilessly question everything. READ MORE: Toto Wolff advised to help 'weaker child' between Hamilton and Russell “If we had to do something that looked like another car, we would do it without a doubt.” Mercedes achieved just one victory last season with Russell securing the honour at the Brazilian Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Hamilton dropped to his worst ever result in the Drivers’ Championship, P6, after a dismal year. The seven-time champion failed to win a race all season for the first time since his F1 debut back in 2007. The Briton also dropped behind Russell in the standings, only the third time he has been beaten by a team-mate over a calendar year in 15 years. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton contract update will leave fans sweating [INSIGHT]Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton details private talks with Mercedes boss over change [COMMENT] Wolff previously hinted the team’s ‘DNA’ would change for next season in a bid to bridge the gap. Russell has hinted Mercedes could be a force to be reckoned with in 2023 after seemingly getting on top of their struggles. He explained: “I think when you look at the development we have brought this year, and the rate at which we've closed the gap, there's nothing telling us we can't achieve this. We've been pretty clear now for about two months which targets we have to hit in terms of development. "And I am pretty confident if we do achieve that, we will have a car that we can compete with Red Bull.”