Kate Ferdinand is stepmother to husband Rio Ferdinand's children Tate, 13, Lorenz, 15, and Tia, 11, but she welcomed son Cree with the footballer in December 2020. Taking to Instagram today, the reality star confirmed one of the children suffered a "serious" accident. The former TOWIE star assured fans that the child - who she did not name - is "ok" but noted "it could have been so much worse." In addition, Kate explained she is recovering from shingles - an infection that causes a painful rash. She penned: "Morning guys. It's a different type of Monday for me this week, it's been a really stressful weekend!  READ MORE: Stacey Solomon dons matching outfit with daughter Rose   Former Manchester United, Leeds United and West Ham United star Rio and Kate married in 2019. She is the stepmother to three of his children, who the football pundit shared with his late wife Rebecca Ellison, who sadly died from breast cancer in 2015 at the age of just 34. The couple have kept all their kids out of the limelight but Kate loves to share insights into their blended family home life. She chooses to keep Cree’s identity obscured with stickers or by choosing to photograph him from behind on social media. “I was a bit nervous at the beginning, I’ve got to admit," Kate said previously. "We already don’t show the faces of the three big kids because they’ve been through so much. Rio and their mum believed that it was important to let them grow up without the world watching, and I think that’s also important for Cree." DON'T MISS... Josie Gibson's son taken to hospital after accident on Mexico break[LATEST]Ruth Langsford reacts as Rylan-Clark uses Eamon Holmes' stairlift[INSTAGRAM]Liz Hurley, 57, struggles to contain assets as they spill out of dress[PICTURES] She added to The Sun: “But because our kids are still kept private and out of the limelight – I always ask them first if I plan on referencing them – I’m OK now. There is power in sharing our stories.” Kate announced last week that she is releasing a book, titled How To Build A Family. It is described as a "modern parenting handbook"which is to help blended families like her own.   "How To Build A Family is the kind of modern parenting handbook that I wish I had been given when I started out on my journey in a fully blended family."   She ended the post by thanking her team and added it was a "pinch me" moment.