Andy Murray has little desire to watch the new Netflix tennis series - or star in the next one - before the real action starts at the Australian Open on Monday. But the three-time Grand Slam champion has been motivated to change his fitness regime before sharing the spotlight with Matteo Berrettini in a glamorous showdown on Tuesday. The Scot’s first-round opponent plays a big part in Break Point, the documentary designed to attract a new, younger audience like Formula One’s Drive to Survive. Murray has taken to social media to complain that the Netflix cameras were given more behind-the-scenes access than the crew for his 2019 documentary Resurfacing. And the Scot’s main interest is hoping that a potential Break Point curse - show stars Carlos Alcaraz, Alja Tomljanovic and Paula Badosa are all injured before the first Grand Slam of the season - extends to the Italian on the court in the Rod Laver Arena on Tuesday. “I haven't watched the Netflix series,” said Murray. “Will I watch it? Maybe. It's not something that I'm desperate to get back to the hotel room and stick on. I don't know if I'm the target audience or not. For people that are entrenched and involved in the sport, some of the things might not be as interesting to me. I'm not sure if I'll ever watch it. “Would I be involved in it? I don't know. Because I did find at times last year when I was at tournaments, there were a lot of people around the players. I don't know how easy it is for people to be themselves. Maybe some people don't have a problem with it but for me personally if you stick 10 cameras around me, I don't feel like I'm going to be completely natural in that situation, not if I have just lost a match or am about to go on and play an important match. For me what would be interesting, I would be up for doing something like that again if it was more intimate and it just felt a little bit more private maybe.” MUST READ: Emma Raducanu glad ex-coach quit and bats away 'dig at her father' before Australian Open  This is the first Grand Slam since the retirals of superstars Roger Federer and Serena Williams and tennis is looking for the faces of the future. The telegenic Berrettini, along with his now ex-girlfriend Tomljanovic, has the sex appeal the sport wants to promote. “I had to get used to it - it wasn’t easy,’ said the 2021 Wimbledon finalist. “But once you do it, you have to be committed and that is what I did.” Murray, who turns 36 in May, has shown his commitment to further extending his career since losing to Berrettini at the US Open - his third consecutive loss to the Italian - and ending last season with a horrible defeat at the Paris Masters. Since then he has undertaken a Florida training block with Ivan Lendl and his coach arrived earlier than usual for his warm-up event at Adelaide. “There was some stuff in my game I was struggling with for large parts of last year,” said the world No.49. “It's the first time in a while where I've had really six, seven weeks of work so I feel like I was able to make some improvements in the off-season and feel a bit more comfortable with my game. It's great that Ivan was ut here early so we could do a proper build-up together.”  It was four years ago that Murray announced his retirement before the Australian Open but in 2023 he is still seeking to get better. “There have been a few things I've had to adjust but I do think that now my body is used to having the metal hip,” he said. “I'm not getting so many aches and pains now. If you talk about the ageing process, when I was 33 I was getting way more issues with my body than I'm getting now at 35 and a half just because my body is used to the new hip.” His new fitness regime sees him spend less time on court and take more time off. There is no running or impact work off the court or squatting with weights. “You have to adjust,” Murray explained. “For the last 7-8 months I have had no pain from the hip itself. Obviously the rest of the body has to compensate for that metal joint. Now I feel like my body is used to it and used to the new movement and conditioned to play tennis. I am hoping it stays like that for a period of time and I can play top tennis. 