John McEnroe has seemingly risked falling on the wrong side of Rafael Nadal after having his say on the Spaniard’s potential retirement plan. Nadal has been heavily linked with a potential retirement for some time after struggling with fitness problems. In 2021, an injury-ridden season led many to believe the Spanish star was set to call time on his tennis career. In typical Nadal fashion though he remarkably bounced back in 2022, winning both the Australian Open and French Open to become the sport’s most successful Grand Slam player. Despite his success, fitness still proved a problem, as he was denied a third straight Grand Slam title after being forced to pull out of Wimbledon at the semi-final stage due to an injury. With the defending champion back in Melbourne at the Australian Open this month, Nadal has banned the media from asking questions about his future. Speaking after his loss against Cam Norrie in the United Cup ahead of this week’s Grand Slam he said: “I mean, that, for the moment, isn’t the case. When the day arrives, I’m going to let you know, guys. Don’t keep going (on) with the retirement, because I’m here to keep playing tennis.” JUST IN: Boris Becker back on TV at Aus Open after prison sentence - but why did he go to jail? Despite Nadal’s comments this did not stop his fellow star Alexander Zverev weighing in on the debate. Claiming he believes Nadal will retire at Roland Garros this year, the German told Eurosport: “Rafael Nadal will announce his retirement at Roland Garros. I don't wish him this, but I think he will play a big tournament, maybe wins it and then says goodbye." Nadal quickly played down Zverev’s comments, responding: “I have a very good relationship with Zverev, but not enough to confess something like that to him.” Now seven-time Grand Slam winner McEnroe has weighed in on the debate. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' camp admit he could've played Australian Open as details from meeting emergeDjokovic cancels practice session as Australian Open worries growCoco Gauff talks up Emma Raducanu pressure as wonderkids set to clash The American believes Nadal will call time on his playing career when he feels he can no longer compete for tennis’ biggest prizes. He told Eurosport: “You know what? It would be tough to write Rafa off at any point, given that he did so well last year… It’s amazing how much hunger he has still. “With all the success that he’s had. The other players should look at him… Obviously, at 36, your body can only take so much; at some point it is going to give out. Will it be this year? I don’t know. Next year? How much longer can he do this at this level? And he doesn’t want to be, you know, 10 in the world or 20. As soon as he, I think, feels like he can’t win majors. He’s going to stop.”