Kate Middleton  According to Kensington Palace sources, the watermelon salad is Kate’s go-to lunch dish.  This menu features not only a summery and light combination of flavours but it is the perfect healthy balance. Exercise and nutrition experts at Barbend claimed while speaking to Express.co.uk: “Kate favours organic foods for lunch and incorporates as many raw ingredients as possible. READ MORE: Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family  “Watermelon salads are a staple of Kate’s lunches, and include juicy pink watermelon mixed with avocado, onion, cucumber, and feta cheese – the perfect mix of sweet and savoury." The step-by-step guide below makes it easy for all royal fans to recreate this same dish at home. Method Dice all the ingredients - watermelon, cucumber, red onion and avocado, and mix in a large bowl. READ MORE: Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's incredible car collection De-stem the mint or basil and tear it on top of the salad. Then, crumble the feta into the mixture and toss it together. Mix the olive oil, lime juice, garlic and sea salt to create the dressing in a separate small bowl. Finally, douse the salad in the dressing, mix it all together and enjoy. The spokesperson for Barbend commented on the Princess’ diet to Express.co.uk, saying: “Kate Middleton is renowned the world over for her glossy hair, healthy complexion and most importantly her fitness and active lifestyle – but she has clearly had to work for these attributes like anyone else.  “No matter how wealthy you are, health and fitness are not handed to you on a silver platter, and it takes work and dedication to maintain your health. “As the Princess of Wales is a working royal as well as a mother to three, her schedule will be relatably jam-packed, particularly as (like her late mother-in-law Princess Diana) she wasn’t raised in a royal household and is hands-on with cooking for her family and spending time with her children. “Kate’s affinity for oatmeal and berries for breakfast is an excellent choice for an active lifestyle, as the meal will give her bursts of energy throughout the day to meet all her commitments, including her regular exercise routines, rather than reaching for something sugary which can lead to an energy crash. “No matter what she is eating – sushi, salads or indulging in pizza with her children – Kate’s affinity for organic foods, which she consumed during her childhood, will give her an optimum level of nutrition, not only maintaining her beauty but promoting longevity.” 