John McEnroe has joined growing calls for a cut-off point to prevent late finishes at the Australian Open after Andy Murray's second-round meeting with Thanasi Kokkinakis went on for almost six hours on Thursday night. The Scot rolled back the years to book his place in round three with a determined performance that saw him fight back from two sets down to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat in remarkable fashion. The match started late on Thursday evening and did not finish until around 4am local time in Melbourne, just six hours before the start of Friday's third-round action at the Australian Open. Murray went on to criticise the situation in his post-match interview by insisting that early-morning finishes are not beneficial for anybody involved in the sport, especially the ball kids who may not have been expecting to stick around all night."I don't know who it's [the late finish] beneficial for," said Murray. "We come here after the match and that's what the discussion is, rather than it being like, 'epic Murray-Kokkinakis match'. It ends in a bit of a farce."Amazingly people stayed until the end, and I really appreciate people doing that and creating an atmosphere for us. Some people obviously need to work the following day and everything. If my child was a ball kid for a tournament and they're coming home at five in the morning, as a parent, I'm snapping at that." JUST IN: Andy Murray had just four-hour sleep after 4am Australian Open win McEnroe has since opted to side with Murray by calling for the introduction of a cut-off point, which is not in place at the Australian Open despite similar measures being used at Wimbledon and Roland Garros. Two night matches are scheduled for each day of play on the show courts at present, which has the potential to see the action go on until the early hours of the next morning as it did with Murray and Kokkinakis."This happens rarely, but to me they should ensure that this doesn't happen," McEnroe told Eurosport. "This is crazy to have players play to this hour at this level with so much at stake. To me it's just absurd that the players are playing, it's going to be a match people talk about, but it's also a match that greatly affects Andy's chances of going deeper in the tournament. "This has happened in the past, it's affected the players each and every time. What other sport - the World Cup, American football, NBA - are they playing at four in the morning? And you're talking about two individuals out there by themselves, there's no chance for a substitution."It is absolutely absurd that these things happen, I know that it wasn't planned that way and obviously factors go into it - the length of previous matches, whether the weather is a factor, I get it. But as a sport we can't have that continue to happen, there's got to be some type of cut-off point."Even then there would be complaints about that as well, like why stop it at one in the morning if it's two sets to one and players would want to finish? At what time is the legitimate time to stop playing? But these things need to be addressed." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. 