Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi admits he spoke to Moises Caicedo “like a father” earlier this week during private talks with the midfielder. The Seagulls have reportedly rejected a £60million bid from Arsenal for the ace as they attempt to keep him at the American Express Community Stadium until the summer. “He is a good guy,” De Zerbi explained ahead of his team’s FA Cup fourth round showdown with Liverpool. “He is focused only on Brighton. I hope he can stay with us until the end of the season because, in my opinion, it is the best solution for him and for us. I spoke with him on Wednesday and I told him my opinion. “It is always difficult to change [clubs] inside the season. You can find some problems. For our way, it is important for him to say another four months with us. He is relaxed. I spoke with him like a father, not like a coach.” When quizzed about late deals in the transfer window, De Zerbi then added: “I don’t expect nothing. I’m used to speaking about the transfer market. I think if we stay like this, I’m happy. I haven’t had any news about the transfer market.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    Caicedo joined Brighton from Ecuadorian club Independiente in February 2021 and was shipped out on loan to Belgian side Beerschot at the start of last season. After impressing during his temporary spell across Europe, the ace was recalled to England by former Brighton manager Graham Potter midway through the season. And he ended up forcing his way into the Brighton side last spring as he started his side’s final eight Premier League matches of the campaign. He has been a key player for the Seagulls this season and has become one of the most sought-after midfielders in England after helping his team climb to sixth in the Premier League table. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks  Chelsea appeared to be the frontrunners to sign Caicedo earlier this month after putting forward a £55m offer for the player, with Liverpool also holding a long-term interest in him. Arsenal now look to be the most likely team to get their hands on the player, however, after pushing for a move in an attempt to bolster their squad in their quest to win their first Premier League title since 2004. But, according to The Athletic, Brighton insist Caicedo is not for sale during the January transfer window and don’t intent to change their position on the matter. 