Half of respondents said they know more about celebrities’ lives than they do their friends’, with a further 80 percent admitting they knew less about their mum and dad. And 38 percent said they were bothered by the fact Kylie Jenner still hasn’t revealed her son’s name, eight months after he was born. A further 36 percent said they spent too long thinking about how Harry and Meghan stepping down from official duties would affect the Royal family. Mark Manson, creator of the global self-help phenomenon “The Subtle Art of Not Giving a #@%!”, which has been adapted into a feature documentary and is available to watch on digital platforms from today, said: “We have a tendency to overestimate what's popular. “We think because a celebrity is famous, what's going on in their lives must also be important – when really, what's going on in a celebrity's life has little to no effect on our own. “It's important this year to refocus on what actually matters to us, and stop using what's happening to others as a distraction from that.” It was found one in five (22 percent) like to be the first to share a celebrity story among their friends and followers. Despite this, 61 percent of respondents believe the media give too much space and energy to covering entertainment and celebrities. But they admit to reading it because it’s entertaining (37 percent), they like to keep up to date (29 percent), and they like to read up and then join the discourse on social media (25 percent). And more than a fifth (22 percent) also said it distracts them from the goings on of their everyday life. Nearly three in ten (28 percent) said they care more about celebrity culture than the cost-of-living crisis, while 21 percent admitted they even care less about their kid’s school play – and 10 percent are less concerned about their partner than celeb news. A third admit they have been told by a friend, colleague, or family member that they are paying too much attention to celebrity news over more important things in life. And a further 31 percent agree reading about the lives of celebrities and their antics makes them feel dissatisfied with their own life. However, 33 percent believe their life would be better if they could more easily ignore celebrity gossip and social media. And the study, by OnePoll, also revealed that 29 percent of respondents plan on having a new year’s resolution for 2023. Among the top resolutions are taking better care of myself (56 percent), caring less about news and celebrity gossip (35 percent), and exercising more. Mark Manson added: “For some people, social media and celebrity gossip can become a sort of addiction, where they spend hours each day scrolling through news about them. “But focusing on the lives of celebrities is just another distraction from dealing with the struggles and pain in our own lives. “Ultimately, when we learn to face our own challenges, we will feel less of a need to vicariously live through the lives of others.”