Jake Paul has announced that he has signed a deal with the Professional Fighters League (PFL) and will fight in mixed martial arts (MMA) in 2023, as well as continuing in boxing. Paul will own equity within the company whilst having a role as a co-founder and head of fighter advocacy to help grow the sport and take care of it's fighters. The YouTuber turned boxer and now MMA fighter has also called out Nate Diaz to a two-fight deal in both sports. In a video released on his YouTube page, Paul said: "Not only am I officially an MMA fighter now signed to the PFL, I am also co-founder of the PFL PPV super fight division." Paul's role will involve marketing the fighters to help gain them worldwide notoriety and fame - with the company in the shadow of the UFC. Paul also threw shade at UFC president Dana White, after the two have been beefing for months with the former stating that he takes advantage of UFC fighters, arguing that they should be paid much more. He adds: "I will market the fighters and will personally make sure that the PFL is the best place in the world for fighters. I have been trying to increase fighter pay for all worldwide, and with the launch of this PPV super fight division, our fighters will receive at least 50% of the revenue. "It is a true 50/50 partnership with fighters which still allows them to be individuals and monetize their own sponsorship deals which isn't allowed in the UFC, where you have to do what you are told, wear what you are told and promote what you are told." Whilst admitting that he will indeed fight in MMA, Paul also adds that his intentions are still to become a boxing world champion. "I am the first fighter to sign to the new PFL division, and I am taking this seriously. I still want to become a world champion in boxing, but as some of you know, I was a wrestler first and I have always said I wanted to fight in MMA. I have already disrupted boxing and now I want to disrupt MMA. I know this is an extremely tough sport, but if I can do it in boxing then I can do it in MMA." Paul also added that he wants to fight Nate Diaz - first in boxing and then in the PFL, six months later in Diaz' realm in the octagon. He said: "First, we box and then six months later we do it in the PFL smart cage and lay it all on the line. Nate Diaz, I am down to fight you in the your own damn sport." The PFL will also hold an in-season sports format. Like the NFL, the PFL will have a regular season, play-offs and championship at the end of the year - which they did this past year with Manchester's Brendan Loughnane winning the featherweight division.