Meanwhile, Davina McCall has said she'd love to present a mid-life version of Love Island for the not-so-young or gorgeous. Because... the participants would have plenty to talk about. She said: "They've lived a life - they're widows, they're people who have been through horrific divorces. They are people who have split up with somebody and decided they want to try going out with somebody the same sex as them. They're like interesting people. I'd watch that show." I don't know if I would.  I watched some of the Real Marigold Hotel series, basically a free holiday in India for a handful of over-60 celebs who could then talk with "amusing" frankness about their bowel movements and assorted ailments. The inevitable Miriam Gargoyles turned up in one of the series to do her familiar game-old girl routine. I found it very boring after a while, like One Foot In The Grave but without the brilliant scripts. Don't misunderstand me. There's nothing I like better than sitting around with old birds of my own age, preferably on a sun lounger by a swimming pool, with a cocktail at my elbow, talking about our misspent youth, men we have loved, men we have loathed (often the same people), our children, our minor and major illnesses, the hair products we use and our view of Meghan Markle. The usual stuff. There's nothing nicer than women who agree with you about everything, tell you you're looking fabulous, sympathise with all your grumbles and don't mind you telling the same story several times over. That's what friends are for after all. But do I want to hear complete strangers gassing on about divorce settlements, house prices, unsatisfactory children and tiresome work colleagues? Because that's exactly what Davina would unleash in her oldies' Love Island. A moan-fest of hideous proportions.  Also, they'd all drink too much and want to dance. The horror! The horror! Oh, and knowing Davina's professional interest in the menopause there'd be a lot of chat about that around the pool too...yawn. As a baby boomer myself I generally stick up for my reviled generation. But let's face it, we don't half grumble a lot. Alison Steadman once said to me - with the acute observation all great actors have - that if you don't want to appear old then you shouldn't give that big sigh of relief when you sit down. It's a dead giveaway. She is so right. I'd say the same about complaining. It immediately identifies you as old and curmudgeonly. So my belated New Year resolution is to stop griping. Unless they actually do make geriatric Love Island, because then I'll have a good moan about that.   Do you have an Emotional Support Kitchen? It's 2023's biggest trend according to Homes And Gardens magazine. "The Emotional Support Kitchen will never judge you for having a rough day," says the House Digest website. How marvellous that must be. I've felt for a long time that my kitchen taps were unnecessarily judgmental and the toaster scowled at me on Tuesday. The fridge is also very cold and unfeeling. In fact, I'm not sure my kitchen offers me any support at all apart from a couple of wonky stools. Of course, no Emotional Support Kitchen is complete without an island, such as they always have in TV dramas, making me feel inadequate and poor because I don't have one. Says one design expert: "A rounded island comes into its own when entertaining, especially in an open-plan kitchen with multiple entrance/exit points, making it easier for guests to socialise and encouraging smooth transition between spaces." Yes, I see it now. If we'd had a rounded island encouraging smooth transition then my daughter wouldn't have felt the need to shout "Just get out of the way Dad" on Christmas Day. It's all going to be very different when I get my Emotional Support Kitchen.  Under new guidelines, GPs will be handing out statins like sweets to anybody who wants them. Doctors were only supposed to prescribe them to patients with a 10 percent risk (or higher) of suffering from heart attack or stroke within a decade. Now another 15 million adults will probably take them. I was prescribed statins about three years ago because I have high cholesterol. To be honest I was a bit affronted because I'm not overweight or unfit. Also, I don't like taking drugs for no reason. But for once I did as I was told and have suffered no side effects whatsoever. I've seen at close hand the misery that massive strokes can inflict, subjecting the patient and his or her loved ones to years of stress and lack of dignity. So yes, pass the pills.  Say what you like about Prince Harry (and it appears that pretty much everyone has) but for a fairly dim member of the aristocracy he was very eloquent in his answers to Tom Bradby in the TV interview. No umming and ahhing, no "you knows", no hesitation or deviation. Media training? Possibly. But you could also detect the deadly influence of therapy speak in so much of what he said. For example: "Silence only allows the abuser to abuse." You think he came up with that pat phrase by himself? Not a chance. Then, on the issue of using psychedelic drugs as therapy: "For me, they cleared the windscreen, the misery of loss." This was on his CBS interview with Anderson Cooper. Again, it's the sort of image that grief counsellors use. Nothing wrong with that in itself but there was something faintly creepy about the way he parroted the phrase. On a couple of occasions, there was a flicker of the real Harry - prickly, entitled, petulant, an annoying man-child. Compared with therapy Harry, it was almost reassuring. P.S. Harry now says his family isn't "racist" but is guilty of "unconscious bias". As in, too stupid to know they're racist. They can't win, can they?  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Hearing the news of Jeff Beck's death, a friend texts to say that the first record she ever bought was the Yardbirds' For Your Love, released in 1965 and "played to death on my Dansette in my bedroom". The story goes that Eric Clapton left the group because he didn't like the song and Jeff took his place. It's funny how you never forget your first record. What with Spotify and streaming and so on, today's adolescents won't ever know that special thrill. 