When you are in the interior planning phase of your new home or simply want to give your property a spruce, it is important to make certain considerations for each room. Having well-thought-out living spaces in your home will make for a comfortable interior that looks great and meets your needs. Each room will have its own considerations, so when it comes to your living room, Lyndsey Dianne from Dianne Decor has shared some common living room design mistakes to avoid. She said: “Designing a room with so many possibilities can be tricky. Besides the obvious place to sit down and rest a glass, living room design is very personal and the way the space is shaped will vary from home to home. Avoid these common mistakes and you’ll be well on your way to a beautiful room.” Households should look to invest some time at the beginning of the decorating process into making a floor plan to help them visualise the scale of furniture in the room as many often pick out furniture of the wrong size. Lyndsey said: “Do you have a giant great room? If so, size up to a large sectional for your main seating or divide the space into two separate sitting areas. “Furniture that does not properly fill the space can make things feel like they’re floating around or unfinished. Also, make sure to anchor your furniture with a great rug.” READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ However, those with a smaller living room are recommended to scale down. The expert said: “Placing oversized furniture in a space that is not big enough to hold it has the potential to create a host of problems. “It can impede your ability to move around the space, place you too close to a television, or obstruct a doorway.” Another one of the living room design mistakes is getting the lighting wrong. Lighting is an important part of any interior design, so be sure that you don’t overlook it when you plan your living room. Consider the amount of light and type of lighting that will be required to keep the room bright and inviting. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [TIPS]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [COMMENT]February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [EXPERT] Lyndsey shared an “easy” way to tell if your living room isn’t sufficiently lit. She said: “If you have to turn on a light in an adjacent room to get the level of lighting you want in the living room, more light is needed.” To fix this the interior enthusiast suggested placing floor lamps or table lamps on each end of the sofa. When testing paint colours households may be inclined to paint a small patch of the wall before painting the whole room. While this is a good idea, Lyndsey urged that it’s better to swatch a larger area instead. She noted that this is especially the case when painting a living room as they tend to be one of the largest spaces in a home. She said: “A swatch that is at least the height and width of your body is ideal.” READ MORE: Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray This way households can get a true feeling of walking into a room completely immersed in that colour. The experts said: “You will have a better sense of what it feels like to be surrounded by that colour.” Many love to decorate their living rooms with photos as they can help to bring life to a room. However, there can be such a thing as too much. Lindsay said: “As nice as it is to take trips down memory lane, don’t overload your guests. “A few photos are nice but collections should be restricted to photo boxes or a dedicated gallery wall in a hallway or staircase.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Walk into a furniture showroom, and you're likely to find that almost everything is sold in sets — including living room furniture. The designer urged: “As tempting as it is to just order from a complete set of furniture from a store, don’t do it. They’ll often try to sell you the entire collection for a discounted price. By purchasing a fully matching collection you risk your room looking overly staged. It can be uncomfortable for you and for guests. “Worse, it may lead to you not using this space in your home if it doesn’t bring comfort to you.” Lyndsey compared buying the full collection of furniture and accents to leaving the placeholder photo in a new frame - pointless. To avoid this, try to go for a more lived-in look by curating pieces that coordinate, but don’t necessarily match.