Gary Neville has jibed he isn't going to show up for Monday Night Football duty on Sky Sports after Manchester United's 3-2 defeat against Arsenal on Sunday. United surrendered to a 90th-minute winner at the Emirates Stadium as the Gunners extended their lead at the Premier League summit. An Eddie Nketiah brace and Bukayo Saka strike ruled out Marcus Rashford and Lisandro Martinez's goals in north London. It handed Mikel Arteta's side a mammoth victory in pursuit of their first title since 2004, while United dropped points late for the second time this week. And Neville, despite acknowledging the entertainment the game provided, was hurting after full-time. As host Kelly Cates rounded off the show, she explained that the United icon would be back on TV for Monday Night Football. Tottenham Hotspur travel to Craven Cottage for a London derby against high-flying Fulham, looking to respond to their 4-2 thrashing at Manchester City in midweek. However, before the studio broke into laughter, Neville poured doubt over his attendance, jokingly replying: "No, I'm not. I'm going home!" Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United also suffered late heartbreak in the south of the city on Wednesday, drawing 1-1 at Crystal Palace after Michael Olise's breath-taking stoppage-time free-kick. But Neville made sure to hail Arsenal for their performance, comparing Arteta's outfit to the formidable Gunners sides he played two decades ago. "I really enjoyed it. I just felt in the last half an hour, Arsenal had more quality. It felt like Arsenal were like they were maybe 20 years ago," Neville explained. "When I was a player against them, I used to wish they'd shoot from distance or cross it - but they would play that extra pass to get it into wide positions. "They would keep driving you into your box. I'd find myself getting deeper, narrower and under pressure. It just felt like the goal was coming. DON'T MISS: Gary Neville shushed as Man Utd icon told off by Sky's Kelly Cates "It was just wave after wave of attack, and it felt like that 20 years ago when you were playing against such a good Arsenal team." Neville will, of course, return to Sky duty for Fulham vs Tottenham tomorrow at the start of a big week for United. The Red Devils make their third successive away trip to Nottingham Forest on Wednesday for the first leg of their EFL Cup semi-final. Erik ten Hag and co then host Reading at Old Trafford in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here