Rafael Nadal has brushed off the "funny situation" which saw a ball kid taking his racket to the stringer to be repaired, leaving the Spaniard flustered and confused at the time. Midway through his opening set against Jack Draper, Nadal had asked for one his rackets to be taken away to be restrung.  But there was confusion on the court when, during the changeover and the score 4-3 in Nadal's favour, he went back to his chair to see something was missing. The 22-time major champion was seen gesticulating to the umpire and it soon became clear that the racket he wanted to use was missing. Nadal was able to smile about the incident on court and carried on to take the opening set. Draper put up a tough challenge against the No 1 seed, levelling things up in the second set. But the Brit began experiencing cramps in the third, calling a medical timeout at one time for the physio. He was ultimately unable to recover enough to challenge Nadal any further with the Spaniard going on to win in four sets. Speaking after the match, Nadal was asked about the bizarre incident during the first set when his racket went missing. And he cleared up the situation, admitting that it was just a mix-up in communication. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE "Not distracting, just a funny situation!" he told Eurosport. "Normally, I have the numbers of the racquet under control, so I said ‘I need the stringer’ - but I needed the stringer to look at the other racquets. "So he [the ball kid] picked up my racquet I was ready to play [with]. But okay, he took it and no problem at all!" The incident caught the attention of everyone in the Rod Laver Arena with laughter heard in the crowd - everyone apart from Draper. The Brit joked after the match that he didn't pay too much attention to the situation due to his own issues. "I think I was too busy focusing on cramping, to be honest (smiling)," he said.  "I wasn't too worried about that. I'm sure he's got another racket. No, I don't know. I didn't really hear too much what was going on. I think he was a bit frustrated." Nadal didn't have the best preparation heading into the Australian Open due to fitness doubts in recent months. But he was delighted at being able to put those issues behind him with a solid win to start the Australian Open. "Well, if you put into perspective how we arrived here with a lot of injuries in the last six months, then coming back it hasn’t been easy with losses on the road, I don't think it was a bad match at all," he said. "When you put everything into perspective, I had a very tricky opponent in the first round. I knew before the match that the doubts were going to be there, that there will be ups and downs in the match. "So the other thing that I said to myself was ‘okay, I know that’s going to happen because I need victories to avoid that'. I need to accept that, to stay with the right attitude, and it happened in the second [set, which Draper won] and it happened in the fourth at the beginning, but that’s part of the business now."