Chelsea can target Enzo Fernandez, Amadou Onana and Romeo Lavia as their fallback options if Arsenal complete their hijack of Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo. The Blues reportedly had two offers of more than £55million for the Ecuador international turned down by the Seagulls, with the Gunners now attempting to lure him to the Emirates Stadium instead. Chelsea have struggled in midfield this season, with the likes of Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and Ruben Loftus-Cheek all failing to have the impact on matches they would have liked. Blues owner Todd Boehly has already illustrated his insatiable desire to bring in top payers in the quest for success and has been linked with a whole host of midfielders. And if the American can land one of Fernandez, Onana or Lavia before the transfer window slams shut at the end of the month, he will be confident his team can have a successful second half of the campaign. Fernandez enjoyed a stellar World Cup with Argentina last year and played a starring role as his country lifted the trophy for the third time in their history. The 22-year-old was heavily tipped to leave Benfica at the start of the month and head to west London. But the Blues refused to stump up his £106m release clause in one hit and instead asked to spread the fee over a series of payments. Benfica are unlikely to taper their demands in the coming days, which means Boehly will have to reassess his stance if he wants the ace to put pen-to-paper on a deal at Stamford Bridge. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE   Onana, meanwhile, turned down a move to the capital earlier this week and instead decided he wanted to stay at Everton and help them fight against relegation. But if Boehly makes the 21-year-old an offer he can’t refuse and convinces him of the project at Chelsea, Onana could well change his mind and sign a deal with the Blues. Lavia is another man who has been linked with Chelsea, despite the fact he only joined Southampton from Manchester City last summer. The 19-year-old has looked sharp at the heart of the Saints team and could jump at the opportunity to make a late January switch to one of the so-called big six sides. DON'T MISSChelsea receive final answer from Arsenal target Amadou Onana on January transfer dealEverton fans dig up old Anthony Gordon tweet on Leighton Baines after third training snubNewcastle 'had discreet swap bid rejected' by Everton during Anthony Gordon transfer talks   Boehly is keen to give Chelsea manager Graham Potter the players he needs to turn his team’s form around following a dismal few months. But the American may have to wait until the summer and go after Wolves star Matheus Nunes, West Ham ace Declan Rice or Borussia Dortmund whizz Jude Bellingham. Or he could even go back in for Ajax genius Edson Alvarez. The Mexico international was reportedly the subject of a £43m from the Blues last summer. But Ajax rejected the offer and Chelsea appear to have moved on to other targets. 