Recently, it emerged that Manchester United considered signing Antoine Griezmann back in the summer. And, at that time, a potential swap deal with Cristiano Ronaldo was touted. The Red Devils were never open to that possibility, however, and they’ll undoubtedly be now regretting that decision given everything that’s gone on. Manchester United have long admired Griezmann. Jose Mourinho wanted to sign the forward back in the summer of 2017, shortly after winning the Europa League, only for Atletico’s transfer ban to scupper a deal. And United were again linked during the years where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost, yet nothing ever materialised. Recently, Sky Sports revealed United had considered signing Griezmann back in the summer. In July, it was reported that a possible swap deal involving Ronaldo and Griezmann had been touted - with the former looking to leave Old Trafford at that time. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big But The Athletic say United never considered that possibility, despite Ronaldo’s desire to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. United were aware of Griezmann’s availability but ultimately felt the situation was too complex. Atletico had loaned the France international in from Barcelona, bringing him back in 2021 after three years of struggling at the Nou Camp. And with the La Liga side having an obligation to sign Griezmann permanently, it meant United would have had to go through a difficult route to secure a deal. In the end, the Red Devils ruled out swapping Griezmann and Ronaldo. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see But it’s a decision that now looks to have been the wrong one. United wanted to keep hold of Ronaldo believing he could still contribute, having bagged 24 goals across all competitions last term. Yet he managed to find the net just three times across all competitions before being cut loose back in November. As for Griezmann, the France international showed his class with some scintillating performances at the recent World Cup in Qatar. And with six goals from 18 league matches, as well as six assists, he remains a key player over in Spain. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United would have benefitted from a swap deal that would have seen Ronaldo and Griezmann swap places. But that ship has now sailed and there’s nothing to suggest the Red Devils will revisit interest in the forward as Tuesday’s transfer deadline approaches. Former Tottenham star Paul Robinson, however, thinks United would be wise to reignite interest in Griezmann. “Listen, I saw at the World Cup what a world-class player he was,” he told Football Insider. “He was in the conversation for the player of the tournament. He has so much more to give. I wonder where he would play at Man United though because [Bruno] Fernandes plays in that eight role. “Perhaps he could be an alternative to Weghorst or [Anthony] Martial up top. He is a very different style of player but he can play as a nine. “Griezmann would be an amazing signing. He is still a world-class player. He is a big player for the big games. If United keep heading the way that they are he would be a very useful signing. “It would be a statement signing even though he is at the end of his career. I think he would excite fans a bit more than Weghorst.”