Household appliances, such as washing machines, offer many benefits as they save you time and ensure your clothes are clean. But it’s important to remember that it is an investment to get this appliance, so you want to make sure it lasts. Many people are under the impression their washer does not need regular maintenance, however, you should not wait until it needs a repair. There are steps you can take to service and protect your washing machine. Right now, your washer could slowly be unfolding with hidden damage. So take a load off your mind as plumbing experts at Harvey Water Softeners have shared four steps to maintain and extend your washing machines lifespan. They said: “We all know that if you treat your appliances well, they’ll last much longer, but many of us probably don’t even realise we’re doing things that could shorten the lifespan of our washing machines. “Keep the following common culprits in mind to help your unit run like new for longer and save you money on repairs and energy costs.” Stuffing in that extra pair of socks or duvet might make sense, however this can lead to motor and frame damage. The experts said: “Sometimes you just want to get as much washing done as possible. You may be under the impression that putting lots of clothes into the washing machine will save money on energy because you aren’t having to do multiple washes. READ MORE: ‘Very common’ washing mistakes to avoid for ‘better’ bedding “However, be mindful that you are not overstuffing the washing machine, because that means clothes are not able to move around freely and get clean, as they can’t get properly soaked in water and laundry detergent. “So not only are your clothes not being suitably cleaned, but applying this extra stress on the machine could throw the spinning drum out of alignment. “Washing machine drums have a weight limit and overloading them too frequently can inflict damage on the motor, which can lead to expensive repairs.” The same goes for underloading the washing machine. While it does not cause as much damage, clothes will bang against the frame causing vibrations and a lot more noise. DON'T MISSLatest Government laws on wood burning stoves - avoid £1,000 fine [INSIGHT]I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle [COMMENT]David Domoney shares 4 houseplants that act as ‘mould-busters’ [EXPERT] Distribute clothes evenly in the machine. It should only be three quarters full, but some older models may require less. Using too much washing detergent can leave stains and residue on your clothes, which you may then need to replace. Additionally, using too much detergent takes its toll on your washing machine too – doing so makes the pump and motor work extra hard to remove excess suds, meaning “malfunctions are more likely”, according to the experts. They added: “These suds can also block the draining system, inhibiting the machine’s ability to pump out water, leaving more suds behind.” READ MORE: Get ‘streak-fee’ windows with 'effective' solution in minutes Other problems caused by excess detergent use include an unpleasant lingering odour which is caused by trapped excess residue. It can be tempting to skip checking pockets and throw all the laundry in the wash, but it is an important step if you want to avoid damaging your washing machine. The experts said: “Remove all items, especially coins or other metal objects which can get spun around your machine, hitting the drum and glass door with vigorous force. “Damage to the inner drum can tear and pull your clothes, whilst damage to the outer drum can lead to leaks.” Households will need a repair service frequently if they never check their pockets. Many don't realise how important keeping your washing machine clean is to ensuring it stays in good nick. Soap scum, limescale, mould and more can all build-up in your washing machine, leading to bad smells or worse; blocked pipes. The experts explained: “Hard water causes limescale, and limescale build-up reduces the performance of your machine as it first has to heat the limescale before it can effectively heat the water. “This causes problems for the heating element of the machine and over time, this limescale could stop the machine from working altogether.” According to British Water, a 1.6mm coating of limescale on a heating element can make your washing machine up to 12 percent less effective and more likely to burn out.