The third instalment of the third series airs on BBC One on Sunday evening, and viewers have been speculating about which direction the story writers will take them in. Pictures of Neil Ackroyd (played by Con O'Neill) watching over Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) as he visits his vile father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) have been obtained by Express.co.uk from the upcoming episode. Some Happy Valley fans are convinced they have "worked out" Neil's alarming link to Tommy.  Clare Cawood's (Siobhan Finneran) partner Neil is set to take Ryan to see his father in prison again in upcoming scenes. Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) has been trying to keep her grandson Ryan away from his evil father who raped her daughter Becky before she subsequently took her own life. In last week's episode, Catherine discovered Clare had been secretly taking Ryan to visit Tommy in jail. She confronted her in a tense showdown, with the instalment ending on a major cliffhanger.  READ MORE: Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down However, it is understood Neil will accompany Ryan on multiple occasions to visit Tommy again. Are Tommy and Neil connected in some way? Fans took to Reddit with their theories about Neil and Tommy's connection, with @Gingerspicr penning: "I'm totally convinced now Neil is Tommy's dad. I just can't see any other purpose for his character and keeping him in, he's got to have some kind of ulterior motive." @Babynamehelpneeded agreed: "I keep thinking this too, but where did the surname Royce come from? His mum's surname was Dewhurst, unless she'd been married." @Dreadtreacle added: "Wow! I'd never even thought of that! He wasn't averse to cheating on his wife because he had a fling with Vicki Fleming and if he's in the same age group as Catherine and Claire then he's old enough to be Tommy's dad! Blimey." (sic)  However, @Somethingname342 said: "I don't think Neil is related to Tommy, certainly not his dad, I feel it's something Catherine would know. But there is definitely a close connection somewhere." Another user suggested: "I'm thinking Clare can't really stomach seeing Royce so she didn't go again. It's her family Royce harmed over and over. "But she still feels Ryan should at least know him? Clare has more empathy for downtrodden people. But she is misguided here. As Royce tried to murder both Catherine and Ryan before." @Zarabizzare added: "Maybe Clare went the first time just to ensure everything was above board and to provide moral support for Ryan, but ultimately couldn’t stomach seeing Tommy so stopped going after that."   DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire [UPDATE]Happy Valley fans are curious about the actor behind Ryan [EXPLAINER] Happy Valley fans predict ‘creepy’ character return after prison twist [LATEST]  Speaking on Monday's This Morning, Clare actress Siobhan teased: "All I can really say about that is I think you’re gonna have to fasten your seat belts for episode three." The hit Sally Wainwright series Happy Valley returned to screens earlier this month following a six-year hiatus. Executive producer Will Johnston told Express.co.uk and other media: “Sarah Lancashire, who’s an executive producer on this series, has a very big voice actually in how we conclude Catherine’s story and so she should. “It’s sort of to be worked out together and Sally - as singular as she is as a writer and as a director - is also a massive collaborator.”   Will described the leading actress as "incredibly meticulous, trusting and interested in authentically representing what it’s like". The producer also confirmed episode six of season three will be the last ever Happy Valley, much to the disappointment of fans. He said writer Sally and actress Sarah “completely rightly” felt they wanted to finish the Halifax-based drama on a high. Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 