The image shows Michael carrying a young Mick during an apparent F1 test session. Michael is seen wearing flameproof overalls while the pair are both beaming with delight. Mick added the caption “#NeuesProfilbild” which simply translates to new profile picture. The image has since received over 75,000 likes and 3,000 retweets since it was uploaded on Monday. Information on Michael’s condition has been sparse since he suffered brain damage in a ski accident back in 2013. Schumacher was airlifted to the Grenoble hospital for emergency treatment where he was placed in a coma. The ex-Ferrari and Mercedes star woke up in 2014 and has since returned home to Switzerland to continue his recuperation. READ MORE: Schumacher's official account responds after son Mick leads tributes However, the F1 legend has never been seen in public since as his family continue to protect his privacy. Fans took to social media to show their solidarity with the Schumacher family after Mick posted the image online, with many suggesting they were holding back tears. @Jhan1974 said: “We miss your father - hugely respected and adored by fans. My hero when I grew up! Keep pushing and keep fighting!!” @xr1c3r added: “I‘m missing Michael so much! Let him know we are thinking of him.” Mick’s update comes just two weeks after he uploaded a compilation of images on Instagram to celebrate his father's birthday. One snap showed the pair posing together while the other was of Schumacher behind the wheel early on in his career. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo details private chat with Michael Schumacher [INSIGHT]Mick Schumacher sends touching message to dad Michael  [ANALYSIS]German F1 fans told they should be 'ashamed' with post-Schumacher era [COMMENT] It came with the message: “Happy birthday to the best Dad ever. Love you!” The former Haas driver also posted a family photo at Christmas alongside his mum Corinna and sister Gina. Mick previously opened up about his relationship with his father for Netflix’s feature-length documentary ‘Schumacher’. Revealing details about Schumacher's condition, the 23-year-old slipped that his father was tragically there to a “lesser extent”. He explained: “I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent." Former Ferrari team boss Jean Todt revealed he had watched a Grand Prix with the star but also accepted the champion was “no longer the same”.