Ahead of Prince Harry's highly anticipated memoir titled 'Spare', leaked excerpts have shed further light on just how divided the Duke of Sussex and his brother Prince William reportedly are. The Duke of Sussex describes an alleged incident from 2019 where William brands Meghan Markle “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”. The Duke details how William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor” once the confrontation had escalated. In the book, Harry says he didn't tell his wife, Meghan, about the incident straight away. However, he does say he called his therapist. While this version of events from Harry shows how poor the relationship between him and his brother had become, it also raised questions about a claim made by Meghan almost two years ago. As journalist Daniel Bird tweeted today: "Prince Harry said he called his therapist right after a fight with the Prince of Wales… but didn’t Meghan say she wasn’t allowed to speak to a therapist while she was a working royal? Seems odd Harry was allowed and she wasn’t…" In March 2021, the Sussexes sat down with Oprah Winfrey for their bombshell interview. One of the standout claims from the Duchess was she was denied help for her mental health struggles by the Palace. She said: "I said that, 'I've never felt this way before, and I need to go somewhere. And I was told that I couldn't, that it wouldn't be good for the institution." Harry's suggestion that he was able to ring a therapist for support, while still a working royal at the time, could cast doubt over Meghan's claims. Royal experts also questioned the Duchess' claim she was denied mental health support at the time, pointing to other examples where senior royals had been permitted to get support. In 1995, for example, Princess Diana confirmed in her interview with the BBC that she had "received a great deal of treatment" after suffering from postpartum depression. READ MORE: Harry’s ‘betrayed’ claims doubted by broadcaster Dan Wootton In 2017, Harry confirmed he had sought counselling to help with emotional issues related to the death of his mother, Princess Diana, in 1997. He said that it was his brother, William, who had encouraged him to do so. Following the Oprah interview, various royal experts gave their views on Meghan's claims she was denied help. Angela Levin told the Daily Mail: "It is distressing to hear her say she was suicidal and traumatic that she asked for help. "Prince Harry sought help after his mother died. I can hardly believe that Harry did not help. That is a catastrophic thing to say." Jonathan Dimbleby, historian and author of Prince Charles' biography, told BBC's Radio 4 programme at the time: "I would be very surprised … that a senior figure in the household said 'it would not look good' if Meghan were to seek help for her obvious distress and her statement that she was feeling suicidal. DON'T MISSHarry didn’t tell Meghan of William’s ‘physical attack’ [INSIGHT]Harry claims William branded Meghan 'difficult, rude and abrasive' [ANALYSIS]History of Prince Harry and Princess Anne's relationship [INSIGHT] "I find that to be beyond belief, to be quite honest." Harry has spoken openly about how Meghan's mental health struggles impacted the couple. Two months after the Oprah interview, he recalled a day where they attended a public engagement hours after the Duchess had shared her suicidal thoughts. The Duke told Oprah in his Apple TV+ docuseries, The Me You Can’t See: “What perhaps people don’t understand is, earlier that evening Meghan decided to share with me the suicidal thoughts and the practicalities of how she was going to end her life. “The scariest thing for her was her clarity of thought. She hadn’t lost it, she wasn’t crazy, she wasn’t self-medicating – be it through pills or through alcohol. She was absolutely sober. She was completely sane, yet in the quiet of night, these thoughts woke her up.” Spare will be published on January 10, and is available here. 