Actress Megan Cusack joined the heartwarming period drama Call the Midwife last year and fans have loved getting to know student midwife Nancy Corrigan. She shocked many of those living at Nonnatus House when Nancy revealed she was an unmarried woman with a child but the nuns have since taken to their latest recruit. Here's all there is to know about the actress behind Nancy, Megan Cusack. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Call the Midwife. Call the Midwife's Nancy Corrigan is Irish and was raised by Catholic nuns in an orphanage. Actress Megan Cusack doesn't have to put on the accent for the role as she was born in Cork, Ireland. The 26-year-old was then subsequently brought up just outside of Skibbereen, West Cork on the Ilen River. Unlike Nancy though, Cusack has a large and very famous family with many involved in the entertainment industry. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire Cusack is the granddaughter of actors Cyril and Maureen Cusack, with the latter starring in movies such as Fahrenheit 451, Far and Away, 1984 and The Day of the Jackal. Meanwhile, his actress wife Maureen was in Odd Man Out and The Rising of the Moon. Megan is also the daughter of producer Pádraig Cusack who worked on several National Theatre productions. But the Cusack dynasty doesn't quite end there as the Call the Midwife star has a number of other well known relatives. Her aunts are none other than actresses Sorcha Cusack, Sinéad Cusack, Niamh Cusack and Catherine Cusack. Actress Sorcha Cusack has been behind Mrs McCarthy in the historical drama Father Brown for almost 10 years. However, it has recently been revealed that she isn't going to be reprising her role for season 10. Megan left her home in Ireland back in 2015 to study at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA) but this new way of life did take some getting used to. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Kyle twist [REACTION]Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star addresses future of BBC series [CAST]Here's a look at Lucille's exit from Call the Midwife [EXIT] She explained to the Irish Times: “Moving to London was definitely more of a shock than you’d think considering it’s not halfway across the world. “But also I come from a tiny town in southern Ireland, where everyone knows each other and says hello on the streets. "So when I came to London, despite being surrounded by people, and it being busy and exciting, I was surprised by how easily you can feel quite lonely. "That was something I struggled with for the first few years.” The third instalment of season 12 will be focusing more on Nancy and the relationship she has with her daughter. The description reads: "Sister Veronica is shaken when a mother reveals a terrible truth about her marriage, whilst Shelagh cares for a baby with a life-threatening condition and Nancy harbours a secret. "It's June 1968, and a carefree Nancy continues to spoil Colette with new gifts." Call the Midwife continues every Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.