Chelsea will be looking to ease Financial Fair Play (FFP) fears this month by offloading some of their fringe stars who are set to be replaced by Graham Potter over the coming windows. Therefore, Crystal Palace’s reported interest in Conor Gallagher may come at the right time for the Blues. Since Todd Boehly took the reigns of Chelsea last year, the club have spent £445million on new signings to revitalise the squad. A flurry of defenders were acquired over the summer, with forwards being targeted this month. The Blues are looking to strengthen their squad to push for Champions League football this month but also invest in future stars – as shown by the signings of David Datro Fofana (£10m) and Andrey Santos (£11m). Some players fall into both brackets, including newly acquired Mykhaylo Mudryk, signed from Shakhtar Donetsk in a deal worth £88m. Chelsea were put on UEFA’s watchlist for FFP in September last year, along with 18 other European outfits, and fears are growing that they could be investigated again in the near future. Thus, selling Conor Gallagher to Palace could kickstart a selling spree, with The Sun reporting that Patrick Vieira’s side are preparing a 'final' bid. The England international shone on loan at Selhurst Park last season, scoring eight and assisting three in 34 league appearances for the club. The Eagles pushed to sign the 22-year-old over the summer but their pursuit was unsuccessful, with a like-for-like also not being purchased. Therefore, there is a Gallagher-sized hole in the heart of Palace’s midfield that Vieira is desperate to fill in fear that his side could drop into a relegation battle this season. Transfermarkt value the playmaker at £28m, and a fee in that region would be a significant boost for Chelsea if they are actively looking to balance their books. Gallagher has played in numerous positions at Chelsea for far this season, being pushed into the wingback roles on occasions and also being deployed as part of a front three. The midfielder is desperate to make it at Stamford Bridge, though the chances of doing so could be handed a hammer blow this month given that the Blues are actively looking for reinforcements in the centre of the park – which will see their spending total soar further. Enzo Fernandez of Benfica was pursued but talks with the Portuguese side stalled after Chelsea opted not to meet his £106m release clause. Brighton star Moises Caicedo has now become a top target, though the Ecuador international is also valued incredibly highly on the south coast and is unlikely to come at a considerably cheaper price.