Tottenham transfer target Pedro Porro has reportedly been left 'distraight' after Sporting Lisbon adjusted the terms of their proposed sale at the last minute. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy could yet walk away from the deal over a £2.6million dispute with the Portuguese outfit on the eve of deadline day. Porro is a top target for manager Antonio Conte as he looks to bring in reinforcements at right wing-back. Emerson Royal, Djed Spence and Matt Doherty have failed to convince and Spurs are losing ground in the race to finish in the top four. Sporting have driven a hard bargain this month, although it was recently reported that the two sides were approaching an agreement for Porro, who has a £39.5m release clause. The Spaniard appeared to wave goodbye to fans after the Portuguese League Cup final on Saturday. Porro was even told by Sporting chief Frederico Varandas that he was free to make his Premier League switch, having spent three years on the books of Manchester City without making a senior appearance. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd block deal, Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea However, the move was thrown into doubt on Monday when it emerged that Sporting had adjusted the terms of their proposed deal. The Evening Standard claim that Porro is 'distraught' at the prospect of seeing his transfer collapse at the last minute, with Tuesday's deadline rapidly closing in. To make matters worse for the player, and indeed Spurs fans who are desperate to see him in north London, The Times claim that the major hiccup in negotiations is down to a £2.6m dispute surrounding administration fees. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Sporting have supposedly refused to sign off on the final agreement as they want Spurs to cover the payment methods to administer the switch. Levy could open himself up to serious backlash if he does not cave in to their demands as fans cry out for more arrivals, with only Arnaut Danjuma signing on loan so far this month. Tottenham have lacked a cutting edge at times this season and Porro would be an exciting acquisition, with two goals and six assists in 14 league matches for Sporting this term. Ex-Spurs midfielder Jamie O'Hara has urged his former side to resurrect the deal for a player who, he feels, will improve the starting XI.  "I’ve got to be honest, I’m a little bit annoyed at Tottenham," he told talkSPORT. "It’s coming up to the end of the January transfer window and we’ve brought in Danjuma. The Pedro Porro deal is on its knees and talk of it not happening. "We’ve got a good side and will finish fifth, might sneak fourth, but we’ve got to buy new players. We’re not good enough at the back and have to back Antonio Conte. If we want to keep him at the football club then you’ve got to back him. Pedro Porro is a fantastic player and way better than what we’ve got. I’m sick of Spurs trying to sign players that just improve the squad."