The announcement was posted on Instagram with a photo taken by Mr Brooksbank of Eugenie and her son August who is kissing her belly in the countryside. The caption reads: “We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer.” The pair married in 2018 and welcomed their first child in February 2021. The niece of King Charles appeared at the World Economic Forum in Davos which was held between January 16 and 20. The event in Switzerland outlines its aim as “cooperation in a fragmented world” as leaders gather from business, governments, and civil society “to address the state of the world and discuss priorities for the year ahead”. Eugenie declared that from the age of two her son August will be a climate activist and revealed that her home is practically free of plastics. She noted that having her first baby “totally changed” her view on the environment crisis. She said: “As a mother, you all of a sudden, totally you change, your hormones change, everything changes. Now I’m scared of flying and things like that, and I would never have been before. “At home we have no plastic, we try to as much as possible have no plastic and I’m trying to teach him that. But it’s a battle.” “My son’s going to be an activist from two years old, which is in a couple of days. So, everything is for them,” she added. READ MORE: Anti-monarchist group turn Buckingham Palace into 'polling station' Katherine Birbalsingh was the chair of the Social Mobility Commission and featured on GB News to discuss Eugenie’s plans for her son. Ms Birbalsingh called it “mad” and added: “The fact is that as adults, as teachers and as parents, we should be helping children to build a moral core. “We should not be thinking that the goal is to turn them into an activist or a radical and unfortunately, the Princess’ ideas as well as many teachers and other parents, they see their role as trying to get everyone to overturn the establishment. “He can only decide [on his future] by being exposed to a number of different thoughts and more importantly, the kind of standard knowledge that you would teach to a child.” DON'T MISS:Nigel Farage slams Rishi Sunak over Brexit amid Channel crossings (INSIGHT)Russian army chief sparks row after ordering troops to shave beards (REVEAL)Monaco's Jacques and Gabriella attend International Circus Festival (INSIGHT) For example, the GB News guest said: “Perhaps [Eugenie] might be thinking ‘let me teach him the difference between a triangle and a square’ before she turns him into a radical activist.” The royal concluded: “Every decision we now make has to be for August, what he’s going to be able to look at and do and how he’s going to live his life." GB News host Dan Wootton agreed with Ms Birbalsingh, that it is “a mistake to try and turn our children into social activists” adding: “Shouldn’t we just let them learn?”