The Los Angeles Lakers are ‘within striking distance’ of contending for the NBA championship, according to retired star Richard Jefferson. LeBron James and co. have found form recently to somewhat steady the ship despite Anthony Davis’ absence through injury. The Lakers suffered a poor start to the 2022/23 NBA season but the purple-and-gold have appeared to turn a corner in recent weeks. Los Angeles are the most in-form team in the league with James leading the way as he enjoys a historic 20th campaign in the league. After embarking on a five-game winning run, the Lakers lost their last two including an agonising defeat to the Dallas Mavericks in double overtime on Thursday. With a 19-23 record, the Lakers sit 13th in the west but they find themselves just one game back from the play-in tournament - and even two games back from the sixth seed. With a wide open conference, the Lakers are potentially not quite as doomed as many thought earlier in the season although they are still expected to make a trade before the deadline. Former NBA star Jefferson believes the Lakers will be able to contend for an NBA championship if they make a move. READ MORE: Spurs to make NBA history v Warriors by beating Michael Jordan's Bulls “I think the Lakers are in a solid, striking spot if they make a move and start playing more consistent,” Jefferson said on the Road Trippin’ podcast. “You can’t win five of seven and then lose four in a row. Like you can’t do that. You’ve got to go eight out of 10. You can’t lose two or three in a row after winning five straight. “That’s how you can get into a comfortable and respectable spot come the end of the season. They won five of seven and Dallas is a top five playoff team and they battled them to double overtime without Anthony Davis. I think the Lakers are not a good team, they’re not a contending team, they’re not anything - but I do believe that they’re within striking distance. “If they make a move, they can be something. They’re not a debacle or a 2-8 team like they started the season.” The Lakers have certainly improved since their woeful 2-10 start, but the franchise os riddled with inconsistency. As Jefferson alludes to, the Lakers cannot seem to get a run going especially when they need to put wins on the board. DON'T MISSLiverpool to link up with LeBron James on new shirt as images leakedLeBron James reaches NBA retirement decision impacting Lakers tradesMiami Heat head coach speaks out after NBA star throws massage gun It remains to be seen whether the Lakers will part ways with future first round picks to move for a star like Bradley Beal of the Washington Wizards. LA have also been linked with Portland Trail Blazers All-Star Damian Lillard as they seek to take advantage of James’ remarkable twilight years. The 38-year-old is averaging 29.0 points per game alongside 8.4 rebounds and 6.8 assists. James is playing at an unprecedented level and even he is reportedly tired with the Lakers front office as he yearns for more help to lead the team back to the playoffs. James and the Lakers take on the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday night. Joel Embiid is enjoying an MVP-calibre season himself while the 25-16 76ers remain in the mix in the competitive Eastern Conference.