Happy Valley continues this evening (January 15) with viewers expected to be hit with more twists and revelations. Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) takes focus in the third and final season with the schoolboy now a teenager and able to make his own decisions. The BBC show came back to screens after seven years on New Year’s Day, last airing in 2016 and the show went on to win a slew of BAFTAs and viewers are interested in actor Connah’s age. Connah is now 16-years-old and was initially part of the show when he was just eight with season one airing back in 2014. Happy Valley creator Sally Wainwright said she wanted to have a break between seasons two and three of the show in order for actor Connah to grow older and then return to the story. She wanted Connah to be at an age where Ryan would be old enough to travel to places by himself and make decisions about his life including the relationship he wanted to have with his father Tommy. Connah addressed Ryan’s connection with Tommy, saying: “Ryan has a confusing relationship with Tommy because obviously Tommy tried to kill him… READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire “But then he’s heard all this stuff saying, ‘Oh, he was sick’, so he’s questioning what Tommy is. “He hears all this stuff about Tommy, about how he was a psychopath, a murderer, but Ryan’s now at a stage where he wants to judge for himself, as there’s enough doubt there, and of course he wants his dad to be a good man so he wants to believe things are different now.” The actor also reflected on Ryan’s relationship with his grandmother and guardian Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire). He said: “It’s a family dynamic, so there’s obviously better times and worse times. “There’s more of a tension in it as Catherine sees more of Ryan’s dad in Ryan, more than she’d like to see obviously. “Sarah just plays the character great, she plays all of the aspects of a police officer but also the vulnerable side to her, she does it really well.” While Happy Valley was off screens, Connah also starred in The White Princess, The Snow Maze and The Runaways. His role in Happy Valley is likely to send his profile soaring further and is likely to be getting more projects from the success of the BBC drama. The actor has been posting about season three and shortly before last week’s episode teased what fans could expect. Sharing a shot of Ryan looking downcast, he told his 1,898 Instagram followers: “Yes Only a few hours to go to see who has been taking ryan [sic]. “We have loved reading your feedback and predictions so far .. thanks all.” He also posted a selfie giving the thumb’s up in May 2022 after completing filming on Happy Valley. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview [VIEWER REACTION]BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's claims of Camilla 'planting stories' shut down [ANALYSIS] He captioned the snap: “After the most incredible journey that’s Ryan Cawood wrapped on #happyvalley. #bbc #amc #lookoutpoint @jesstaylor1970 @jginorton #sallywainwright #sarahlancashire #siobhanfinneran @oneill.con @_karldavies @charliemurphyactress.” On what he was most proud of about Happy Valley, Connah said: “It is a very successful show and I don’t think there is one element to thank for that. “There’s the writing and the casting but everyone helps - sound, lighting, costume, everyone. “I’m sure there’s a hundred other people and roles I’ve missed there but they’re all deserving of all the praise.” Happy Valley airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm