If you're looking to switch up your hairstyle in 2023, there are three key cuts that are likely to be on trend according to celebrity hairstylists. "Statement" haircuts are set to be popular, harking back to styles made popular during the 1990s and 2000s. Speaking to Express.co.uk, hair stylist and owner of Hare and Bone, Sam Burnett, said choppy layers are likely to make a return. Not only are these flicky hairstyles a catwalk favourite, they can also work wonders to highlight certain facial features. Sam explained: "Short textured noughties haircuts will be popular. Think the grown-out layered Meg Ryan crop and the Paris Hiltons soft flicky “mullet” synonymous with the 90s era." The mullet was described by GQ as the "must-have" hair trend of 2022, and with 2000s fashion on the rise in 2023, it's likely the mullet trend will be amended slightly to fit. However, if a bold cut feels too much of a leap, Sam says you can opt for a softer approach that still complements the face. READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips "If you’re feeling on the cautious side you could opt for a statement fringe or face-framing layers," he explained. "Think choppy and razor-cut bangs that highlight your eyes and cheekbones” For those seeking something a little more classic, the timeless box bob is also set to be a key trend in 2023. "Without surprise, the bob is back for 2023," celebrity hairstylist Jay Birmingham, who has worked with stars including Khloe Kardashian, Amanda Holden and Rochelle Humes, told Express.co.uk. "It's a cult classic style that we see popular year after year. But 2023 is all about the return of the true bob. Jaw-length hair with ends that sit slightly turned under the jaw line - as the bob was always intended." DON'T MISSPrince George and Princess Charlotte have adorable nickname for Louis [REVEALED]Dermatologist shares 4 reasons J.Lo 'doesn't seem to age' [INSIGHT]Three essential skincare products for your 30s so you glow in your 40s [COMMENT] Sam added that shorter statement hair is particularly "striking" when cut to sit "between the cheekbone and jawline in length". For a particularly graphic bob, he recommends minimal layers. The placement of the bob means it can frame the face and define the bone structure, while the length and lack of layers are capable of adding fullness to the hair. For those who prefer to keep their locks long, Jay predicts the "glam girl blowout" will remain in vogue. He explained: "Popular during 2022, the glam girl blowout aesthetic is not going anywhere in 2023." The bouncy blowout has been favoured by celebrities including Jennifer Lopez and Kendall Jenner and is another hairstyle that steals some of its voluminous features from the hair trends of the 1990s. "Think volume, layers, bouncy curls and lots of movement to achieve this on-trend look," said Jay. If 2023 is the year you are wanting to make a big change, Jay recommends taking baby steps initially, particularly if you are feeling nervous. "When it comes to changing your hairstyle, it’s completely normal that you may feel nervous and apprehensive about trying a new style," he said. "My advice is always to try something subtle first to ease yourself in, for example, if your hair is long try adding layers throughout to add dimension and depth whilst still keeping the length."