The National Grid has confirmed it will run a live event tomorrow which will pay customers to reduce energy at peak times. Unlike previous test demonstrations, this event will take place in full, meaning all participants are in with the chance of benefitting. The Demand Flexibility Service will run from November until March of next year, and will ask people to reduce normal electricity consumption during specified hours. Several test demonstration events have taken place already this winter, with a live event taking place between 5pm and 6pm tomorrow. It is estimated households who take part in the service could potentially save around £100 on their energy bills over the winter. The following providers are taking part for domestic customers. READ MORE: Pensioner issues warning after being targeted five times by scammers British Gas CarbonLaces EDF E.ON Next Equiwatt ev.energy Hugo Energy App (via SMS) Labrador (via Perse Technology Ltd) Loop.homes (via SMS) myenergi (via Orange Power) Octopus Energy OVO Energy Power Rewards App (via Orange Power) Shell Energy Retail (Via SMS) SMS VpowerU  British Gas said its Peak Save service is only available to customers who have been invited by email. The website adds: "If you haven’t been invited by us, unfortunately you won’t be able to take part at the moment." A spokesperson said in November last year: “By encouraging consumers to reduce their usage at peak times we can balance demand on the grid whilst helping consumers save on their energy bills. “We are working on how this scheme can work best for our customers and fit in with their habits around the home. We will be running a trial first to learn from before using our scale to roll out to our wider customer base." EDF has confirmed it will participate in the scheme, but not everyone will be eligible for the trial. A “small group of customers” has been selected, according to the provider, based on data from the National Grid. DON'T MISSState pension age Britons could increase sum by up to £14.75 per week [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank issues stark energy bill scam warning [WARNING]Married Britons could get tax refund worth up to £252 per year [EXPLAINED]  EDF said on its website: "We'll send invites to this group of customers by email in late November – so keep an eye on your inbox. If you get an invite, it will tell you everything you need to know about Demand Flexibility and how it works." People will only be able to sign up if they receive an email invite, and will not be able to sign up over the phone. The energy provider told Express.co.uk it would be participating in the scheme. On its website, the supplier says: "​​​​​​​If you’re an E.ON Next customer we’ll contact you if you are eligible to take part – so keep an eye on your inbox. "Shifting your energy use with the Demand Flexibility Service is a great opportunity to earn rewards for saving energy to lower your bills this winter. "You will not be able to join if you have a Capacity Market contract or take part in any balancing mechanisms. Customers can only sign up to one supplier to take part in the National Grid's Demand Flexibility Service." READ MORE: Mum says Tesco hack could save £150 a month on food shop Speaking in October, Greg Jackson, CEO of Octopus, said: “Let’s be very clear: this is a historic moment. We’re entering a new era of energy in which households are moving from passive offtakers to active enablers of a smarter, greener and cheaper grid. “Instead of cutting off whole chunks of the country if we are short of gas, we can reward people for using less energy at times of peak demand. “We were the first energy supplier to offer this service to our customers, and we hope others will follow our lead. By doing so, we can make blackouts a thing of the past, and bring costs down for everyone.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The supplier was one of the first to sign up to the ESO scheme, and expects to pay customers £4 on average during peak times through its Savings Sessions service. Octopus estimates households could save £100 in total over the winter if they reduce usage by 1kWh once or twice a week, up to 25 times. OVO Energy customers may be able to benefit from the scheme, which the provider states will run from December 8, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The provider has stated customers will be able to make a minimum of £1 for every kWh shifted below their personal target. Raman Bhatia, CEO of OVO, said: “We’re pleased to be joining the National Grid Electricity System Operator’s Demand Flexibility Scheme and launching another trial which rewards customers for their efforts in making small but significant changes to the way they consume energy."