Rafael Nadal has explained why he ignored his team’s orders to retire his Australian Open second-round match to Mackenzie McDonald as his wife was left in tears when he needed an off-court medical time-out. The defending champion suffered a huge upset as he crashed out in the second round 6-4 6-4 7-5 to the world No 65 and has now addressed his decision to defy his camp’s pleas. Nadal suffered a fresh injury during his second-round match at the Australian Open, pulling up on his thigh towards the end of the second set and needing physio treatment off the court. The world No 2 had been outplayed by McDonald up until that point and was already a set and break down but his team grew increasingly concerned when he left the court for a medical time-out and urged him to retire. But the top seed in Melbourne ignored their orders and continued the match, eventually going down in three sets while he appeared to cease all communication with his box during the third set as he chose to play on, while his wife Mery Perello was spotted in tears during his physio treatment. And Nadal has now explained why he opted to continue the match despite considering retiring himself. “Yeah, I consider all the time stopping, but I didn't ask the physiotherapist at the end,” he said after the match. “I have to know myself. And I tried to keep playing without increasing the damage. No, that's it. I was not able to hit the backhand at all. I was not able to run for the ball. But I just wanted to finish the match. That's it.”  JUST IN: Rafael Nadal clashes with umpire as Ash Barty returns to Aus Open   It wasn’t the first time that Nadal ignored pleas from his own team to retire, as his dad called on him to quit his Wimbledon quarter-final against Taylor Fritz last year which the Spaniard ignored, going on to win the match in five sets before pulling out of the tournament altogether and barely playing for the rest of the year. But it appears that he may not have even seen their concern this time, as he simply claimed he didn’t ask for their advice. The 36-year-old continued: “I didn't ask them. I am old enough to take my own decisions. So I didn't want to retire, to be defending champion here. No, I didn't want to leave the court with a retirement. Better like this at the end. I lost. Nothing to say. Congratulate the opponent.” But Nadal admitted that he tried not to aggravate the new injury, adding: “That's the sport at the same time. Just try your best till the end. Doesn't matter the chances that you have. That's the philosophy of the sport. That's the essence of the sport by itself. I tried to follow that during all my tennis career, and I tried of course to not increase the damage, because I didn't know what's going on.” DON'T MISSDjokovic defies umpire and sprints off court past security at Aus OpenOns Jabeur makes kinky husband remark after Australian Open winAustralian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theft It comes as Laura Robson told Eurosport that Nadal’s camp appeared to stop talking to him from the start of the third set, when he opted to play on and was able to stay with McDonald until the last few games. “He was just in front of us here talking to his team a lot and then eventually a couple of games in [of the third set] they just stopped talking,” she said. “I think they knew and he knew he wasn't going to be able to turn this match around, not with the tennis he was playing. He was going all out, trying to mix things up, trying to drop in some drop shots and slices.” The retired British pro also said she thought Nadal’s adductor appeared to go twice in the match, not just on the initial occasion that prompted him to call the physio. Robson explained: “To me, he actually pulled up that leg twice. He did it the first time when he called the trainer afterwards and it seemed like it started to warm up again and then there was a couple of games before the end where he pulled up again and started really limping.” 