Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, has gone to Instagram to comment on one of Netflix's latest releases, Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery. The Hollywood actress praised Daniel Craig's performance as Benoit Blanc but questioned her "jealousy" after being left out of the casting for the 2022 thriller. Jamie took to Instagram in view of her 4.7 million followers to unleash her opinion on the 2022 Netflix film. She wrote: "When you're an actor, you're happy to have any gig. You learn and build your craft with each successive job. "When you're thrown into the type of role that defines you the way Daniel has, you employ the same craft and skill but there can be ancillary complications. "The tuxedo starts to feel very tight and restricting. The way he has slipped out of his tuxedo and into the lovely, pale linen and delightful neckerchiefs with Benoit Blanc is a testament to his great talent as an actor and a shout-out to Rian Johnson for recognizing it. READ MORE: Strictly tension as Hamza 'unfollows Giovanni amid dates with Jowita' "He has swallowed Benoit whole and has emerged anew AND he's a gentleman and funny as f**k." Jamie then used the last part of the lengthy message to question whether she was in fact "jealous" to be left out of the film after starring in Knives Out in 2019. She continued: "I'm just jealous that I wasn't there to watch Benoit solve another mystery. @knivesout." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on the film and Jamie's own review. Super_stew83 wrote: "He’s brilliant as Benoit. A defining role in his career for sure. I love that he had a new cast of suspects, but I’d love to see the Thrombey family again in the future." Thcc_cobbler added: "I love how you champion and praise the talent you work with. It is so refreshing." However, this comes as Jamie admitted feeling very "lonely" on the set of the first Knives Out and "had no idea" about how the central mystery would play out on screen. She previously told Entertainment Weekly: "I was actually quite isolated. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker left 'struggling' over Harry and William row [COMMENT] Kourtney Kardashian exposes husband Travis Barker's underwear in gown [PICS] Shania Twain looks ageless in bright pink wig in New York [HOLLYWOOD]  "I was living in this weird hotel by myself, and a lot of the movie, I’m not in. I was alone for a lot and it was a very tough time. "It turned out to be this fantastic movie. I would never have known that the movie we were making was the movie that we made. "It wasn’t evident to me, because Rian was so specific in his methodology, and it’s not like we’re all watching monitors and seeing all the work. We had no idea." Jamie did admit it was a "pleasant surprise" when she watched the film in the cinemas to see how it turned out. The first Knives Out focused on Benoit Blanc investigating the death of Harlan, played by Christopher Plummer. While the sequel focuses on tech billionaire Miles Bron, played by Edward Norton who invites friends for a trip to his private island to solve his own murder. Glass Onion had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in September and will begin streaming on Netflix on December 23. The movie stars James Bond star, Edward Norton, Kate Hudson, and Kathryn Hahn and appearances from Ethan Hawke and Hugh Grant.