Arsenal could end up paying twice as much for Mykhaylo Mudryk in January than they could have done in the summer transfer window, as they look to beat Chelsea to the signing of the Ukrainian winger. The Blues have been attempting to hijack a deal for the forward who turned 22 on Thursday, after Arsenal had two bids turned down by Shakhtar Donetsk. The Gunners initially bid £52million for their primary January target, which was knocked back before an improved offer of £62m was lodged but also rejected by the Ukrainian club. Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna has travelled to London to hold talks with Chelsea regarding a potential transfer, and is set to attend their Premier League match with Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Thursday. Shakhtar have publicly valued Mudryk at fees closer to those that saw Jack Grealish move to Manchester City for £100m and Antony to Manchester United for £85m, and will be hoping that Chelsea’s interest sees the two English sides go toe-to-toe in a bidding war for the winger. Interest from Mikel Arteta’s side goes back to the summer window, where they attempted to bring in another winger to bolster the Spaniard’s attacking options, but failed to add beyond Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos. CBS Sports has claimed that Shakhtar would have sold Mudryk for £40m five months ago, but Arsenal were not prepared to pay that fee at the time, and instead could pay twice as much to bring him to the Emirates in January. The Gunners did have money available to spend after signing Jesus, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Vieira, Marquinhos and Matt Turner. Raphinha was the subject of several bids from Arsenal as the Leeds star opted to leave Elland Road, but the Brazilian winger pushed for a move to Barcelona instead and got his wish. The Gunners also spent the final few days of the transfer window chasing Aston Villa’s Douglas Luiz, and had a third bid of £25m turned down. DON'T MISSChelsea new kit 'leaks' as Blues go back to roots with latest stripHaaland fired warning by Guardiola over behaviour ahead of Chelsea clashRonaldo banned from making Al-Nassr debut due to Man Utd tantrum Following the 0-0 draw with Newcastle, Arteta made his view clear on potential January incomings, including Mudryk, as he was asked whether his side would have taken three points if there had been incomings in the first few days of the January window. “I don’t know. That’s something more for Edu and the board to respond,” Arteta responded. “We are really trying to improve the squad in every window. “We’re trying to do our best because we cannot waste any windows still with the squad and the numbers that we have. We will try. We had what we had. We have some injuries as well and in attacking areas we don’t have that many options but it is what it is. That’s something we always try to do to improve our team and every window is important.”