 Starz’s hit romantic drama Outlander ended on a major cliffhanger and as fans await the release of season seven, major behind the scene mishaps continue to be unveiled. Brianna Fraser star Sophie Skelton recently opened up about a wardrobe malfunction during season six.   Fans are eagerly awaiting Outlander’s seventh season after Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) was last seen galloping towards Wilmington. He had been brutally separated from his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) after she was wrongly arrested for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). While their home was destroyed and the majority of the ridge had turned against them, their daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) was far away from the ordeal. She and her husband Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin) shared a moment of happiness after they confirmed the paternity of their son, Jemmy (Matthew Adair). READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams  Throughout the season, the usually gleeful couple also had a moment of uncertainty after Brianna questioned Roger’s true intentions with Amy McCullum (Joanne Thomson). During the scene when Roger apologised for his actions on the doorstep, actress Sophie unveiled a behind the scene mishap. At the moment Brianna shared her pregnancy, Sophie told Richard: “I was cute, I did actually hop on you as well. “Off the step, because I tripped on my skirt in one take, I was like ‘yeah the three of us,’ boom, catch.”    Praising her co-star, Sophie added: “You’ve got good catching skills.” While Jamie and Claire were under attack by Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and the safety committee, Jemmy was with his parents who noticed he had fleas. After shaving his head, Brianna noticed he had the same birthmark as Roger further confirming Jemmy was Roger’s son. Even though they were in bliss, Brianna and Roger were unaware of the battle Claire and Jamie had fought, thankfully Young Ian (John Bell) had arrived in time. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [INSIGHT]Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [INSIGHT]Original Jamie Fraser star on 90s Outlander getting scrapped [INSIGHT] While on the treacherous journey to Wilmington, Richard brutally separated the couple. As they continued on the trek, Jamie was taken to the shore where Richard had arranged for a ship to take him back to Scotland. However, before it set sail, Ian had arrived with the Cherokee to save Jamie just in time. As a result, during the final scenes, they were all riding in hopes of finding and rescuing Claire.  However, it's yet to be seen if the two will reunite as finding Claire will undoubtedly be a difficult feat. The last time Wilmington was on screens was during season four, where Roger had used a portrait to track Brianna down. She was shocked to discover he had travelled 200 years through time and sailed an ocean to find her. After admitting their love for one another, they had no interest in waiting for a priest to marry them and decided to hand fast. Thankfully for fans, Starz recently released a teaser trailer for Outlander season seven which will land on screens in the summer.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 