A major incident has been declared after a double decker bus overturned in Somerset leaving the road blocked. Officers said a "significant number" of police, fire and ambulance crews have been sent to the scene of the incident, which also involved a motorcyclist.  The bus had 70 passengers on board at the time, Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service confirmed. Officers had earlier warned about the "extremely icy and dangerous" conditions following freezing temperatures. No casualties have been confirmed so far. Local reports suggest "many" people are hurt, but this has not yet been confirmed. Several were trapped on board the coach, which was transporting workers to Hinkley Point C nuclear power station. Avon and Somerset Police said: "We were called at around 6am today to the A39 Quantock Road following a road-related incident involving a double-decker bus and a motorcyclist. "Closure are in place at the junction of Sandford Hill and Quantock Road. A significant number of police, fire and ambulance units are on the scene and a major incident has been declared."   Police and the air ambulance attended the A39, near Cannington, at about 6am. Avon and Somerset Police said: "We were called at around 6am today to the A39 Quantock Road following a road-related incident involving a double-decker bus and a motorcyclist. "Closures are in place at the junction of Sandford Hill and Quantock Road. A significant number of police, fire and ambulance units are on the scene and a major incident has been declared." The police are advising the public to "only travel if absolutely essential" after 53 crashes were reported to police on Monday evening. Dave Gliddon, Vice Chairman of Wembdon Parish Council said: "We understand the bus crashed near the Sandford Roundabout. "There was water running off the field nearby because of the bad weather and whether that was a factor we don’t know. Much of the traffic is being diverted through the village and there has been a fleet of ambulances and police and the air ambulance all coming through the village this morning." READ MORE: Traffic emergencies as car flips and bus crashes on treacherous road [REVEAL] A further 67 calls were received for other road-related incidents between 6pm and 11pm - bringing the total number of reports to more than 100 in the space of five hours. Superintendent Mark Runacres said: "We are advising the public to only travel where absolutely essential due to the treacherous driving conditions. If travel is necessary, we ask the public to take extreme caution and allow additional time to travel. "We have seen a significantly higher number of road-related collisions and incidents in the past 12 hours, which has increased the demand on police resources. We are working with local authorities and National Highways to ensure roads are properly gritted ahead of the rush hour traffic to improve driving conditions." A Hinkley Point C spokesperson said: "A bus carrying members of the workforce has been involved in a traffic incident on the A39 in Bridgwater. Emergency services are on the scene and travel to and from the site has been suspended."  