UPDATE: Fortnite developer Epic Games has taken the game offline for server maintenance. Coinciding with the launch of update 23.20, matchmaking has been disabled on all platforms. The downtime was confirmed by the Fortnite Twitter account: "We're beginning to disable matchmaking in preparation for the v23.20 update, with server downtime beginning soon. We’ll let you know when downtime has ended!" ORIGINAL: Fortnite fans are getting ready for the release of update 23.20 on PlayStation consoles, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, Android and PC. The next Fortnite update - which is just the second of the new season - will add some long-awaited new gameplay features, including the rumoured Falcon Scout Drone. Unfortunately, however, the new update will be accompanied by a period of server downtime, which is likely to last for at least a couple of hours. If you want to know when you can start logging back into Fortnite, check out the 23.20 downtime schedule below. Fortnite update 23.20 will be available to download from 9am GMT UK time on the morning of January 18. Matchmaking will begin to be disabled at 8.30am, while servers will be taken offline in full at 9am GMT. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside a preview of what fans can expect. "Did you know? Hawks aren't real and are actually secret surveillance drones," reads an Epic tweet. "Downtime for 23.20 begins at 4 AM ET, and matchmaking will be disabled shortly beforehand." If it's anything like previous periods of server downtime, then Fortnite is likely to come back online at around 11am GMT. Express Online will keep this article updated with all the latest developments, including confirmation on when the game is back online. According to the teaser, the headline new feature for update 23.20 is the release of the Falcon Scout drone. There are also rumours that Epic Games could team up with EA to release a Dead Space skin. With the Dead Space remake launching later this month, the timing certainly works. This season's Doom Slayer skin is also expected to make an appearance, alongside the next Crew Pack bundle. Needless to say, the 23.20 update will make a whole host of bug fixes and gameplay tweaks. You can see for yourself when the patch drops on the morning of January 18.