A mother who came to the UK after fleeing Ukraine explosions has seen her finances drained because of delays to the Home Office processing her Visa. Aurica Saftiuc relocated to the UK in March 2022 with her husband and son and has been left unable to work since. They moved from Chisinau in Moldova - a country bordering Ukraine - after hearing "explosions" near their home. When Russia first invaded Ukraine, 50-year-old senior lawyer Aurica had discussed a "getting out" plan, which involved returning to the UK, her husband Michael Peters' home country where he has citizenship, along with their son, Alex. But they never imagined the problems they would face. "Nobody knew what was going to happen," Aurica said. "Nobody knew the plans of Russia, they were already fighting in Eastern Ukraine, we thought okay they will fight there. But I was personally very scared about this." Once Alex heard the sounds of war, the pair sprung into action, reports Plymouth Live. "In the morning Alex woke up with the first explosions on the other side of the border," Aurica said. "The Russians were bombing the closest Ukrainian military base." "[We] agreed that if Odessa was attacked, which is the next city down to the south from us, that we would get out, and so we did," software developer Michael added.   The family packed up their car and made the four-day drive to Plymouth - where Michael grew up and has family. But on arrival, issues arose that caused the family's finances to shrink. This is because Aurica is still awaiting a Visa, meaning she can't work - and at one point, she wasn't even able to rent a home. The pair spent thousands on AirBnBs at first, because no landlords would accept them. A receipt shows the pair paid £4,027 for 78 nights in a three-bed home. It came with a 42 per cent discount and without that would have cost the family £6,240. The Home Office estimates it could still take up to ten months for Aurica to receive a decision on her Visa, which has prompted Plymouth MP for Sutton and Devonport, Luke Pollard to criticise the situation. He said it should not need his involvement to sort the "simple application". Michael said: "The issues were when we came back here, we could no longer get Aurica onto the resettled scheme. The biggest issue for us is we married as EU citizens, we married knowing we had the ability to be able to move around Europe. "Even though Aurica is an EU citizen, she can't get onto pre-settled or settled status, which is obviously a very high cost for us. She now has to apply for a family Visa, just the same as anywhere else in the world even though she's an EU citizen. "We were turned down by several agents in the area who even refused to let us go and look at houses to rent. We were being told literally, 'you cannot rent here'. We found this house in Devon and the agent said to us 'where's your wife going to live when you start renting this house?'"   Michael spoke to multiple agencies to get the law explained - and eventually found a landlord who understood the law correctly and allowed them to rent their home in Devonport. Michael added: "My wife is now on the rental contract and the crazy thing is, although she doesn't have a national residency, we're paying council tax and we have to be on the council tax payments together. She has been told that she has to register to vote, so she can actually vote in local elections from the council point of view." The couple also still face the issue that Aurica - who is a trained solicitor, has a history degree, law degree and speaks multiple languages including Russian, English and Romanian - is unable to get any employment. "We've been back in the country since March 2022," Michael added. "That's a decision, it's not a yes or a no, just a decision. Luke Pollard is working on it, he's already had meetings with the Home Office." While the Home Office doesn't comment on individual cases, it explained Visa applications "taken under the ten-year route settlement as a partner" are currently taking 10 months to process on average. It is understood the delay is due to the Home Office prioritising Ukraine Visa Scheme applications, in response to the crisis caused by the Russian invasion. Mr Pollard said the Home Office "is a mess" and his team is still working to help Aurica. He said: "Plymouth is proud to welcome people fleeing conflict and war. My team and I have worked hard to support Aurica and Michael. The Home Office is a mess. Simple applications like Aurica and Michael’s should not need MPs to get right but the process is now so broken that my team and I are working on dozens and dozens of cases. This is a process that should take weeks to process, not take months or years. "My office will always be on hand to help people in Plymouth but the Home Secretary needs to provide a robust plan about how she is going to deal with the huge backlog in visa cases so families in Plymouth can get their lives back on track." A Home Office spokesperson said: “Visa applications made under the 10-year route to settlement as a partner are currently on average taking 10 months to process. We are working to process applications as quickly as possible, but all applications have to be carefully considered on the basis of the evidence provided and in accordance with the immigration rules.” 