Gary Glitter is set to be released on parole from prison within a few days, having served half of his 16-year sentence for sex crimes. The disgraced 78-year-old former Glam rock star was convicted of attempted rape, four counts of indecent assault, and one of having sex with a girl under the age of 13 at Southwark Crown Court on January 19, 2015. The offences occurred over a five-year period between 1975 and 1980. Judge Alistair McCreath said at his sentencing: “It is difficult to overstate the depravity of this dreadful behaviour.” He added that he wished he could put Mr Glitter behind bars for longer, but was constrained by sentencing restrictions for crimes committed in the 1970s. Mr Glitter - whose real name is Paul Gadd - will have to register with his local police station within three days of his release. Under the terms of his parole, he must inform the police of any intention to travel abroad seven days prior to departure. He is required to give details of his destination, any onward travel to another country and the duration of his stay. Officers have the right to veto any foreign trip if they should deem there is a danger that he might reoffend. The former pop star will also have to wear a tag and tell police if he starts a relationship with anyone who has a child under 18. He will receive 24-hour support from a charity that works with dangerous sex offenders. The aim is to try and prevent Mr Glitter from slipping back into his old ways. Mr Glitter has a string of convictions for sex offences, which stretch back to the 1990s. He unwittingly unmasked himself as a paedophile in 1997, after sending his laptop to a computer retailer in Bristol for repairs. While carrying out the repairs, a technician discovered pornographic images of children on the hard drive. READ MORE: Gary Glitter to 'walk free' from prison after serving half of sentence Police subsequently launched an investigation and raided his homes in London and Somerset. Officers discovered further incriminating images during their searches at his properties. At the conclusion of the police investigation, Mr Glitter appeared at Bristol Crown Court on November 12, 1999. He was sentenced by Mr Justice Butterfield to four months in prison. The rock star was also placed on the sex offender register in the UK after admitting to downloading more than 4,000 items of child pornography. On his release, Mr Glitter fled abroad and spent time living in Cuba and Cambodia. DON'T MISS Gary Glitter ‘ready to start new life’, claims Jim Davidson [REVEAL]Police chief hits out at Gary Glitter and prisoners being vaccinated [SPOTLIGHT]Jailed OAPs hits new high as law catches up with decade-old offenders [NEWS] Cambodian authorities arrested the British singer in 2002 and deported him from the country on account of his previous convictions for sex offences. He ended up living in Vietnam, where he was accused of allegedly groping a teenage waitress. Mr Glitter was arrested by Vietnamese police while attempting to leave the country for Thailand on November 20 2015, on suspicion of having sex with two underage girls. He was found guilty of performing "obscene acts" with a ten-year-old and an eleven-year-old girl on March 3, 2006, and was sentenced to three years in prison. Judge Hoàng Thanh Tùng said: “He sexually abused and committed obscene acts with children many times in a disgusting and sick manner."