Arsenal striker Gabriel Jesus has posted a fresh update on his recovery from a knee injury. The Brazilian filmed himself on an exercise bike as he continues his rehabilitation. Jesus suffered the injury during Brazil's World Cup group stage match against Cameroon on December 2. He swiftly returned to the UK and underwent surgery on the issue a few days later, with Arsenal confirming the news on December 6. It has been five weeks since he went under the knife. And he was perhaps signalling that milestone on his Instagram story on Wednesday morning. Jesus shared a boomerang video of himself on the bike. He captioned the video: "5 weeks" with a tick, hands up and muscle flexing emojis. Reports initially suggested Jesus would be missing for around three months. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has refused to put any timeline on his return. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Arteta said in late December: "I never gave a date. I said we don’t know. It’s going to take some time for sure. "Obviously he’s gone through surgery so that tells you the extent of the injury and we’ll be in the market, always active and we will assess the biggest opportunities that we have." Eddie Nketiah is currently the only fit striker available to Arteta in Jesus' absence. The former England under-21 international has scored four goals since the resumption of top-flight football in as many matches. But Arteta knows he cannot just rely on Nketiah for the remainder of the season. After the forward's brace in the FA Cup win over Oxford, Arteta stressed the need to add up top in the January market. DON'T MISSLiverpool may have to raid Newcastle again as 'next Wijnaldum' foundChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itselfBenni McCarthy received huge fine for weight gain before helping Rashford fire  He said in his post-match press conference: "Eddie is getting better and better but the problem is that we have only one striker and to cope for that many months until Gabby Jesus is back is not easy. We have to get the most out of the players that we have at the moment but it will be great if we can get some reinforcements." Jesus started Arsenal's first 14 matches in the Premier League this season following his summer arrival from Manchester City. He scored five goals in his first eight appearances but hasn't found the back of the net since October 1. However, he has transformed the Gunners attack and provides more than just goals. Joao Felix was a target to help fill the void left by Jesus but he has instead joined Chelsea on loan from Atletico Madrid.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here