Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has attempted to downplay any fears Diogo Dalot is set for some time on the sidelines after subbing off the full-back in the first half of their 3-0 win over Charlton in the Carabao Cup quarter-final. Ten Hag named a much-changed side for the game against Charlton from the team that beat Everton last week in the FA Cup.  Dalot, Antony and Tyrell Malacia were the only survivors from that win over the Toffees as the likes of Kobbie Mainoo, Anthony Elanga, Tom Heaton and Alejandro Garnacho were given a chance in the starting line-up. United didn't need long to take the lead with an outstanding finish from Antony, but there was some concern among club supporters when Dalot went down with an injury. After being assessed by the medical staff, Ten Hag decided to bring the Portuguese star off for Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Dalot has been Ten Hag's first-choice right-back all season long and the United boss will want him fit for the Manchester derby this weekend. The United boss admitted it was still too early to tell the severity of Dalot's injury, but believes it's "not serious". Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE “He went off before half time, we have to wait," Ten Hag said. "I think it’s not serious, but it was a precaution, to get him off, and to not take a risk ahead of Saturday’s important game [against Man City].” Ten Hag will hope that a scan on Dalot's injury comes back with positive news this week. But Wan-Bissaka has proven that he's more than capable of stepping up for the Portuguese star in recent weeks. Heading into the January transfer window, questions were being asked on Wan-Bissaka's future at Old Trafford. However, the 25-year-old has answered his critics having stepped in for Dalot and Ten Hag wants the full-back at the club. “It’s clear, he has a future,” he said. “He had some good years here at Man United, but from the start this season he had a lot of illnesses and injuries. “From the restart on, he’s fit, he could train with the team, and you see him progressing. His fitness level is getting better, his performance level is getting better and I’m really happy with his performance [against Burnley]. If you then give an assist, especially the way he gave an assist, his movement in the right moment, the timing, great pass of course from Bruno, but the assist is great… So I’m happy with his performance, he did good.”