In under 24 hours, both the Prime Minister and the leader of the opposition gave keynote addresses which, bizarrely, were delivered within a few hundred yards of each other in the Stratford area of east London. For many that already puts Labour one down by the way. Surely Stockton South or Sedgefield would speak more to the ambitions of the Labour Party than the former site of the London Olympics that has turned into a hipster’s paradise, where those deluded souls are happy to shell out £5.95 for a skinny vanilla latte. Not only was it the first speech of the year for Rishi Sunak, it was his first major speech to the nation since he gained power via the most unenviable set of circumstances last autumn. He had faced criticism for “going on the missing list” over Christmas as the NHS crisis bit, the unions stopped the nation in its tracks and people started to open energy and credit card bills with hands trembling from both the cold and the sheer fear they wouldn’t be able to pay them. In truth, his delivery last week was more Jackanory than it was Crackerjack, but was that so bad? We’d just had a prime minister who’d mysteriously – and to this day still inexplicably – extolled the virtues of Peppa Pig as part of his regular Bertie Wooster Boosterism schtick. And then we had someone who appeared to struggle with the most elementary maths skills and when faced with a tough question from an interviewer chose to adopt the look of a sheep suffering with flatulence. Both failed to repay the resounding vote of confidence that 14 million people had given the Conservatives at the last election. While the jury is still out on whether Mr Sunak will, at least this was a carefully constructed argument setting out policies he has promised to deliver and all of which is likely to resonate with you and me, the voters.  The problem for his lofty ambitions is the fact he leads a party that has been in power (alone and via coalition) for around 13 years. His zeal to reform the NHS or tackle rising crime has to be tempered with the unfortunate fact that his party has had many years to take decisive action and has come up short. To counter this, two key themes were craftily inserted into the PM’s speech. One was him vowing to work “night and day” to fix the crises confronting the country, something that would have sounded rather hollow on the lips of the man he once worked alongside as Chancellor. The other was his repeated references to his financial acumen. The PM’s “Five Easy Pieces” pledges made total sense. It would be pretty hard to argue against halving inflation, growing the economy, getting debt to fall, solving the NHS crisis and halting the small boats’ crossings. But now he must deliver. Meanwhile, in his speech Sir Keir Starmer chose to switch from being an arch-Remainer to deploying the successful language of Brexit with his “take back control” mantra. His solution to the nation’s ills was yet more devolution, and we all know how successful that has been. Quite how creating another layer of politicians aided and abetted by a tier of civil service managers will clear the hospital wards and halt rising crime was left unexplained. He also said the strikes had to end and soaring energy costs tackled, but had no salient plans for either. Everything lacked an explanation over funding. Few seemed impressed. One charge regularly levelled at Sir Keir is that he’s notoriously short on detail,and last week will have done little to change that. That might just be the Conservatives’ best hope for the coming electoral tussle.  Football dominated many of the headlines this week, not least as the world said a fond farewell to the sport’s most famous ever player, Brazilian star Pele. Thought by many to be the greatest player of all time, he won his first of three World Cups when he was just 17 and holds an incredible world record for goals, scoring 1,279 in 1,363 games. Many fans who filed past his coffin in the centre circle of the pitch of the team he played for went without shoes to show solidarity with the man who was so poor as a child, he learnt to play barefoot. Everyone who met him said he was a shining ambassador for the sport and always displayed humility. Meanwhile, as the world mourned a true sporting legend, the current “greatest player” on the planet, pouting Portuguese Cristiano Ronaldo flew by private jet to start a new contract in Saudi Arabia. He’ll be paid £175million a year but his debut has had to be paused as he still has to serve a global football ban for smashing a rival fan’s phone in a fit of temper. Nothing sums up the sordid world of football today more than this haunting irony.  Primary school pupils will be the target of a new careers programme in England, which will encourage them to think about what jobs they might want to do. Children aged five to eight will be given lessons about the world of work. They will also get the chance to meet bosses and “role models” from a wide range of industries, at a total cost of £2.6million. What utter tosh. Careers advice makes perfect sense when children move to “big school” at 11, but when they’re just five! When I was that age I just wanted to be Batman, so who the hell was I going to meet with: the Riddler? Just let children be children. The world of work can wait its turn.  Try to control your excitement, but here’s a picture of what is believed to be the first life-size sculpture of Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg. The University of Winchester has spent £23,760 on the bronze figure as a way of expressing their “commitment to combat the climate and ecological emergency.” However, if you think there was widespread rejoicing on the Hampshire campus at the news you’re in for a rude shock. Protests have already broken out as students branded it “meaningless” and accused the university of “greenwashing”. They’re demanding concerted commitments to climate change. Seeing as students at other universities routinely moan about statues, artworks and the names of halls and theatres, this ultra-woke university and its posturing students deserve each other. Let’s hope the row runs for years.  Preening Welsh windbag and the country’s first minister Mark Drakeford is under attack for accepting the hospitality of the Qatari government so he could fly to the country to see Wales compete (albeit briefly) in the football World Cup last year. The defence offered is that it allowed him and his team to explore trade links with Qatar. What he fails to go into is why, as a supporter of LGBT rights, he would seek to garner more trade with a country that is an intolerant police state.  The weather makes it feel appropriate to indulge in a warming red for this week’s wine, and the popularity of Malbec continues to grow. The Zuccardi Serie A Malbec 2020 is a fine example and is £14 at Tesco.