A number of medical conditions can be worsened or triggered by cold weather. As a result the UK sees excess winter deaths occur every year. Therefore, it is important to protect yourself as best you can, especially if you are considered vulnerable. Heart attacks are one medical emergency that can be affected by temperature. This is due to a range of reasons, including it causing heart rate to increase. Dr Brian Fisher, clinical director at wellness app Evergreen Life, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain more. He said: “Heart attacks are much more likely in cold weather as our bodies have to work even harder to keep our internal temperatures up.  READ MORE: Woman, 37, shares 'easy to dismiss' symptoms of bowel cancer - 'It was easy to forget' “Our blood vessels narrow to help keep us warm. “This can increase heart rate and blood pressure; both factors can contribute to a heart attack. “Keeping warm is the main way to reduce this risk. Wrapping up very well when going out and keeping your home at 18 degrees are vital. We know the cost can be horrendous.” If you have heart problems or are concerned about your heart health this winter, the British Heart Foundation (BHF) has a series of recommendations to keep you safe.  “If possible, keep the room where you spend most of your time heated to at least 18C,” it says. “Layer up with socks, jumpers and blankets. A hot water bottle or an electric blanket can help you to keep warm at night.” It says: “Wear lots of thin layers, rather than one thick layer. This will trap the heat in and keep you warmer. “A hat, scarf and gloves will also help maintain your core heat.” READ MORE: A simple change in your daily shower habits could boost longevity  The BHF advises: “Remember to keep moving while you're indoors, to build up your core temperature and boost your immune system.” “Have warming meals and healthy hot drinks to give your body the energy it needs to keep you warm,” it comments. “A bowl of homemade vegetable soup can be healthy and filling. You could also try our healthy dinners for cold winter nights.” It recommends: “If you get angina (chest pain), wear a scarf wrapped loosely around your mouth and nose or wear a face mask, so you breathe in warmer air.  “This may help to limit your symptoms if they get worse in the winter.” The BHF adds: “If you feel like you’re coming down with a cough or a cold, try to rest and drink plenty of fluids.” Symptoms of a heart attack include: If you believe someone is experiencing a heart attack you should dial 999 immediately. 