It’s easy to forget that cultivated plants can’t survive on water alone. As a result, many garden plants have weak growth, poor colour and a lack of flowers and fruit. While shop-bought fertiliser can be used to help plants thrive, there are cheaper alternatives gardeners can use. The gardening experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have found seven surprising household items that can be used to encourage plant growth which include hair, banana peels and fireplace ashes. These items are packed with minerals and nutrients essential for plants like magnesium, calcium, phosphorus and nitrogen. Adding them to soil can help promote plant growth and keep them healthy without having to spend money on fertilisers. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress said: “We all know that our plants need certain nutrients to help them grow and fertilisers aren’t cheap. Constantly using them in your garden can be pretty harmful. “I think a lot of people would be surprised to hear that there’s actually a list of household items that you can use that will naturally give your soil those extra nutrients to help your plants thrive. READ MORE: 5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how “Things like banana peels and coffee grounds work really well and the best part is you’re not having to spend extra money on fertilisers, you’re using things straight from your home. “The most surprising thing that you can add to your soil is actually hair! Dog hair and cat hair works really well too because it's high in magnesium.” 1. Hair According to the expert, one of the “most surprising things” that can help plant growth is hair as it has high levels of magnesium and nitrogen. Hair works well to help soil retain moisture and keep plant roots hydrated as well as helping to regulate the plant’s temperature. DON'T MISS‘Easy remedy’ to remove radiator sludge to save on 25% on heating bill [EXPERT]‘Expensive’ interior trends to avoid - ‘off-putting’ to buyers [TIPS]Karen Brady’s quiet life in extremely wealthy and London district [INSIGHT] Over time, the nitrogen will be released from the hair as fertiliser for plants, leading to greener, thriving plant growth. To use hair to fertilise garden plants, either take some hair out of a hairbrush and add it to the compost or use the hair from your cat or dog. 2. Banana peels Bananas are full of potassium, therefore adding their peels into soil is a great way to help “strengthen plants”, particularly roses. To use banana peels in the garden, cut up the peels into small pieces and add them straight to the soil or compost bin. Bananas in compost also help add healthy organic material, which helps the compost retain water and makes soil lighter when added to the garden. READ MORE: Use banana peel trick for ‘promoting flowering’ in your roses 3. Green tea leaves Like banana peels, green tea leaves are another household item that is full of potassium. Green tea is also very high in nitrogen, which is vital for a plant's survival because it's found in abundance in chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the compound that enables plants to use energy from the sun to produce sugars from water and carbon dioxide (photosynthesis). 4. Egg shells Next time households crack a couple of eggs, leave the shells to dry out for a bit before breaking them down further. These can then be added to the soil to provide it with extra levels of calcium. The calcium carbonate in eggshells helps to strengthen a plant's roots so it can grow faster and stronger. 5. Fireplace ashes For those who have a fireplace, try to remember to collect some of the ashes after using it. Wait for them to cool down and pop them into a bag, you can then go ahead and sprinkle them into the soil every now and again for a boost in carbon and potassium. It also has a liming effect, so wood ash can remedy excessively acidic soils. 6. Coffee ground Coffee grounds contain several key nutrients that healthy soil needs including nitrogen, calcium, potassium and magnesium. The quantity and proportions of these nutrients vary, but coffee grounds can be used as a slow-release fertiliser. To use them in the garden, wait for them to dry first then they can be added to the soil. 7. Potato water Next time households boil a pot of potatoes, they should consider pouring the water onto their garden soil. Chris said: “Potato water is packed with calcium, potassium and phosphorus. Just remember you can’t do this if you’ve added salt into the water prior to boiling the potatoes.”