Harry was 12-years-old when Charles informed him that the former Princess of Wales died in a car crash. Speaking on CBS to Anderson Cooper, Harry said: “William and I considered reopening the inquest.  “Because there were so many gaps and so many holes in it. Which just didn’t add up and didn’t make sense.” In 2006, the Metropolitan Police concluded their investigation into Diana’s death which established that the crash was a “tragic accident” after Diana’s driver Henry Paul had been drinking. When asked by Mr Cooper if he still wants to reopen the inquest, he replied: “I don’t even know if it’s an option now. But no, I think…would I like to do that now? It’s a hell of a question.” Harry’s memoir makes it painfully evident that the inquest did not bring closure to himself and his brother as Harry talked about how he copied his mother’s final journey in an attempt to get answers.  The prince wrote that at the age of 23 while he was in Paris, he asked his driver to drive through the Pont de l’Alma tunnel at the same speed as Diana’s car, 65mph. He wrote: “We came to the mouth of the tunnel. We zipped ahead, went over the lip at the tunnel’s entrance, the bump that supposedly sent Mummy’s Mercedes veering off course. “But the lip was nothing. We barely felt it.” Once at the end of the tunnel, Harry asked himself “is that all of it? It’s…nothing. Just a straight tunnel” whereas he has thought it was “some treacherous passageway, inherently dangerous”. READ MORE: Charles was never meant for fatherhood ‘but he tried' Despite previously wishing the reopen the inquest, he told Mr Cooper that he did not believe a renewed investigation would alter anything, though he admitted he does not feel he has all of the answers surrounding her death. Earlier in the interview, the royal also revealed how he had struggled believing that his mother had truly died. “For a long time, I just refused to accept that she was gone, part of, you know, she would never do this to us, but also part of, maybe this is all part of a plan,” he said on CBS. He noted that his older brother had also thought along a similar line, as Harry convinced himself for years Diana would call them both and they would go to join her. DON'T MISS:UK public have lost trust in Prince Harry, new poll shows (POLL)Starmer nearly doubles lead over Sunak in best PM tracker poll (ANALYSIS)Rishi Sunak urged to recall Parliament to ‘sort out mess’ of NHS (REVEAL) When he turned 20, he requested a copy of the police report about the crash that killed the former Princess of Wales, her boyfriend Dodi Al-Fayed and their driver. Harry explained that he wanted to see pictures from the crash to prove “that she was in the car” and that the paparazzi were chasing her. He concluded that “everybody got away with” causing her death with both he and William being told: “The even was like a bicycle chain, if you remove one of those chains, the end result would not have happened.” He added: “And the paparazzi chasing was part of that. But yet, everybody got away with it.”