Nelly, 48, is known for his immense singing talent, having made hits such as Dilemma and Hot in Herre. However, the Hollywood star has sparked concern among fans as he took to the stage at Juicy Fest in Melbourne, constantly rolling his eyes, while also blinking excessively. Nelly took to the stage at Juicy Fest to perform Over and Over, with the rapper worrying fans with his performance. His eyes continually rolled into the back of his head, while also missing the cues for his song and continually blinking. Nelly sported blue jeans, a white t-shirt and a huge diamond chain as he rapped his 2004 hit and waved his hands in the air. Express.co.uk have contacted Nelly's representatives for comment. Clips of the performance were quickly posted online by fans, with some saying he was struggling under the bright lights. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home J.e.s.s85 said: "Awww this hurts to watch. I was so in love with him growing up." Dj_que_jbutts added: "Highly disappointed in him! He looks crazy!" Ipuwhakatara commented: "Bro he’s probably blind by all those lights flapping around everywhere. "I s**t you not I would be blind to, leave him alone lmao let the man do his thang." (sic) Nelly has not addressed the video but took to Instagram after his performance to thank "all of Australia for showing out", adding that the tour had been "amazing" and that he couldn't wait "to finish out strong". While the rapper did not respond directly, he does seem to have taken light in comedy impressions of the viral clip. Comedian Spice Adams made a parody video of the whole performance on Instagram, with Nelly resharing such a video on his own account. He showed he could not help but laugh at the situation as he used a ton of laughing emojis. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Jennifer Lopez exposes all in sheer dress before outfit change [PICS] Frasier's Kelsey Grammer buys home in Somerset to be closer to family [HOLLYWOOD] Following his appearances in Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane for Juicy Fest, the noughties star will continue the rest of his mini-tour of Oz on Friday. He will be joined by the likes of Ne-Yo, Ja Rule, Bow Wow, Xzibit, Chingy, Pretty Ricky, Mya, Lloyd and Twista. Nelly's last studio album, Heartland, was released last year and featured guest appearances from Blanco Brown, Chris Bandi, City Spud and Darius Rucker of Hootie and the Blowfish. He has won multiple accolades throughout his career including three Grammy Awards and nine Billboard Music Awards. In 2005, he even starred in the remake film The Longest Yard, alongside Adam Sandler and Chris Rock. Also as of 2014, Nelly was ranked as the fourth-best-selling rap artist in American music history, according to RIAA, with 21 million albums sold in the United States alone. The rapper gained popularity in the early 2000s with songs such as Country Grammar, E.I and Ride Wit Me. He scored his first of four UK number one hits in 2002 with Dilemma, alongside Kelly Rowland.