Manchester United takeover talk is currently quiet despite the Glazers being prepared to sell, according to reports. The Americans announced in November that they were open to offloading their prized asset after nearly 18 years of controversial rule. And Amazon have been mentioned as potential suitors in the short time since, along with Apple and Facebook as well. The Glazers confirmed they were open to selling United in a statement that read: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” But, according to the Manchester Evening News, takeover talk is currently quiet. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big It’s claimed some companies were happy to register an interest quickly but, upon their share prices being boosted, have now gone quiet. Though United are aiming for a sale to be completed by roughy March or April, there’s still no guarantee that will happen. It’s also stated that it’s unclear if John Murtough and Darren Fletcher will stay in their existing roles, too. Both men were appointed back in March 2021, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. And though they’ve stayed to help Erik ten Hag and the Glazers out, it’s not known if they’ll retain their roles once a takeover is officially completed. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see In recent weeks, Amazon have emerged as potential suitors for United. It emerged back in December that they ‘had been mooted as a possibility by some close to the talks’ with Jeff Bezos’ old company already involved in football. They have a sleeve sponsorship deal with Napoli, who currently sit top of the Serie A table, while they’re also able to broadcast some Premier League matches as well. Apple, another giant business, have also previously been linked. However, speculation has cooled when it comes to them potentially ousting the Glazers. As for the Americans, they want a fee of between £6billion and £7bn to let the Red Devils go. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet some industry insiders think that figure will be difficult to achieve, especially in the current climate. Meanwhile, the Glazers’ decision to put United on the market came shortly after they’d been publicly criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo gave an interview to Piers Morgan where he accused the family of not caring about football. “The Glazers, they don’t care about the club, professional sport,” he said before his contract was mutually terminated. “As you know Manchester is a marketing club, they will get money from the marketing. The sport - they don’t really care in my opinion. “They give all the power to the president and sporting director.” He added: “The fans should know the truth. The players want the best for the club, I want this best. This is I came to Manchester United, this is why I love the club. “But you have some things inside the club which don’t help Manchester to reach the top level as City, Liverpool and even now Arsenal for example. It’s complicated, difficult. “In my opinion it will be hard for Manchester to be in the top of the game in the next two, three years.”