The historic weekend will conclude with a tribute to the monarch’s sense of duty and dedication to public service. The volunteering day will take place on Monday May 8, which is the second bank holiday of that month. The Government implemented the extra Bank Holiday in honour of the coronation of both Charles and Queen Camilla. On Saturday, Buckingham Palace revealed extra details about the spectacular celebrations. A senior royal source said: “Our intention is to give as many people as possible the opportunity to take part in the celebrations.” The bank holiday has been dubbed ‘The Big Help Out’ which will see the public encouraged to raise money and support the charities close to their hearts. Events are already being planned up and down the country including from the RNLI, the Royal Voluntary Service and local community groups. The day is being headed by the Together Coalition which is aiming to put on “a festival of volunteering”, chief executive Jon Knight said. He added that it will be “a day when people up and down the country will roll up their sleeves to do their bit”. It will bookend the historic weekend with a day dedicated to the King’s lifetime of service. On May 6, the King and Queen will be coronated by the Archbishop of Canterbury at Westminster Abbey. READ MORE: Prince Andrew's 'public disgrace is permanent' says expert The Palace stated that it will be “a solemn religious service, as well as an occasion for celebration and pageantry.” It is set to “reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry”. The couple’s arrival to the Abbey from Buckingham Palace is known as “the King’s procession”. Following the religious service there will be a larger procession, “the coronation procession”, escorting the pair back to the palace and they will be joined by other members of the Royal Family. The senior members of the Firm will then gather on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, which will be Charles’ first appearance for the traditional photographs as King. DON'T MISS:Sands' family send 'heartfelt thanks' as 'heroic' efforts continue (INSIGHT)Dover Brexit bonanza as port receives £45m in 'levelling up' funds (REVEAL)Mum traumatised by son’s dog bite death can’t speak about his injuries (INSIGHT) The following day there will be a huge concert at Windsor Castle which will see “global music and contemporary stars” perform. The concert will be broadcasted on the BBC and there will be a public ballot for people to get hold of tickets. There will also be a “coronation big lunch” on Sunday which is organised by the Big Lunch team at the Eden Project. A number of people across the nation are also expected to hold street parties and other events in parks and gardens.