TK Maxx has hit back at Prince Harry's claim that he would shop in their "annual sale" as they said it is not something they even offer. The Duke of Sussex released his highly anticipated memoir Spare today, with the book already breaking records as it becomes the fastest-selling non-fiction book with 400,000 copies sold in one day. And while there were several claims about members of his family in the book, he also made some bizarre comments about his shopping habits while growing up. Harry revealed that despite receiving an official clothing allowance from his father, he would shop for his "everyday casual clothes" in TK Maxx, adding that he was "particularly fond" of the discount store’s annual sale. But a spokesperson has refuted this, as they told Express.co.uk: "Whilst we're delighted Prince Harry is a big fan, we thought we should explain we don't actually do sales. Instead, we offer great value, style, and savings all year round." Writing in his new memoir, Harry revealed how he "didn't fundamentally believe in fashion" when he was younger and would often buy his outfits for everyday wear from TK Maxx. He claimed to have a very specific "system" for his visits to the chain. Harry added: "I was particularly fond of their once-a-year sale, when they'd be flush with items from Gap or J.Crew, items that had just gone out of season or were slightly damaged." But the retailer has confirmed their stores do not hold annual sales. Harry continued: "If you timed it right, got there on the first day of the sale, you could snag the same clothes that others were paying top prices for down the high street! With two hundred quid you could look like a fashion plate." The 38-year-old continues to share his unusual method for shopping, which involved getting to the shop 15 minutes before closing time and hurrying up to the top floor with a basket in hand. READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila  From here he recounts how he would "systematically" work his way up and down the racks of clothing, holding items up against his body to see how they looked, but never taking anything into a changing room. He adds that he never "dawdled" over the colour or style of any clothing, he just opted for anything that looked "nice" or "comfortable". And if there ever was anything Harry wasn't 100 percent sure about, he claims he'd ask the opinion of his driver, known as Billy the Rock, who reportedly "delighted" in the chance to moonlight as the young royal's stylist. When the 15 minutes were up, Harry claims they would run out of the store with two large bags of shopping, "feeling triumphant" as he wouldn't have to think about buying clothes again for a while. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [INSIGHT]BBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [COMMENT]Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [OPINION]  Social media users were left bemused by the idea of the prince shopping in a discount store, with one person tweeting: "The thought of Prince Harry in TK Maxx during the sale rooting about for a pair of Diesel jeans and Fred Perry shirt baffles me." "He’s probably never set foot inside a TK Maxx in his life," said another. However, people were quick to point out that in 2013, Prince Harry was branded "thrifty" and hit headlines after he was seen leaving TK Maxx in Kensington High Street, Central London where he reportedly spent £160 on a T-shirt, hoodie, and an iPhone case at the time. 