Daisy Midgeley (played by Charlotte Jordan) was thrilled when Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) proposed on Christmas Day and the pair have been busy planning their nuptial ever since. However, when Daisy believed Daniel was losing interest in planning their big day, she started to flirt with a DJ at an event. In upcoming episodes on Coronation Street, Daisy begins getting flowers and thinks its the DJ trying to woo her. At No.1, Daniel takes delivery of another bunch of flowers for Daisy but is shocked by what he finds. Glancing at the card, demands Daisy tell him who Justin might be. Daisy messages Justin the DJ and asks him to leave her alone once and for all. She hopes this puts an end to the stalking and tries to move on with Daniel. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'shaking with rage' and 'switch off' Harry interview The pair go on to draw up a list of wedding guests when Daisy reveals that all her friends are fellow influencers. She confesses to Daniel she’s lost touch with her childhood friends. Wanting to impress his partner, Daniel vows to secretly track down her old friends and invite them to the wedding. Jenny reckons it’s a lovely idea but having lost touch with her friends will Daisy be pleased? Later, a delivery man calls in with another bouquet for Daisy from Justin. Her heart sinks and she puts a post on social media warning other women about the DJ. When an angry DJ Teativo calls at the Rovers and demands Daisy take down her damaging post, she’s horrified to discover she targeted the wrong person and has no idea who Justin is. Who could be stalking Daisy and what do they want with her? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star pens emotional tribute after leaving ITV soap [LATEST]Coronation Street's John Stape returns as Fiz makes discovery [SPOILER]Doctor Who's Millie Gibson seen on set for first time since ITV exit [EXCLUSIVE] Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod recently teased Daniel and Daisy’s relationship will be tested in the coming weeks. He told Express.co.uk and other press: “It's a story about a young woman being on the internet and the dangers that face influencers and high profile people. "Daisy has a certain online following and essentially that brings her into a certain degree of danger as the wedding approaches. Most of the story is lighthearted, it's culture/class comedy between Daniel and Daisy. “There is good fun to be had there but in the background, there's this creeping danger that arises from Daisy's online life. "It takes a while for Daniel and Daisy to notice this danger is brewing, and by the time that lands we're into a really interesting, current, socially important story with a far-reaching psychological impact that runs across the whole of 2023, and threatens their relationship and leads to Daisy's faith in Daniel being shaken as she maybe has her heard turned.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 9pm.