Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's spat with the Royal Family looks set to continue even after the release of Spare. Charles Rae, a former royal correspondent for The Sun, told GB News that the Sussexes' next move will be Meghan's own memoir. This echoes reports in the US-based outlet Page Six, which claimed that Meghan was already writing her own memoir. It has also been previously reported that Harry has a mammoth four-book deal with Penguin Random House. Speaking earlier today, Mr Rae said: "There is supposed to be another book coming along, this time it's supposed to be a Meghan memoir. It's absolutely ridiculous. "That will just bleat again about their poor lot in life." He said that the Royal Family would be wary that any conversations they have with the couple following Spare could end up in Meghan's book. JUST IN: 'One word' in key interview that shows Harry's 'internal conflict'  Mr Rae went on to predict that the Royal Family will "bounce back" from the current row, while Harry's book will become "irrelevant". He discussed the latest GB News People's Poll, which showed that only 34 percent said they were proud of the Royal Family, while 31 percent said they were not proud of them. The royal expert said: "It doesn't surprise me that popularity is quite down. If you take a similar poll when the coronation comes around, I'm sure the figures will go back up again. "The Royal Family has survived crises for hundreds of years, they will survive this one and they will bounce back.  "This book, the Netflix documentaries, the various interviews he has given, everything has been to attack the Royal Family. "He is on his own now, and he is not a very popular lad." A new YouGov poll, conducted on 1,691 British adults between January 10 and 11, suggested Harry's favourability rate is now at -44 This number marks the lowest score ever recorded for the Duke by YouGov since the organisation started tracking his popularity among British adults in 2011. DON'T MISS: Harry should try being his dad, says JONATHAN SACERDOTI [COMMENT]Brexit POLL – Is Sadiq Khan right to call for closer ties to EU? [POLL]Spare book review: Is Harry's bombshell book actually any good? [REVIEW]  Mr Rae also cast doubt on whether the rift between the royals could ever be mended, saying: "I can't see how they can reconcile with the Royal Family. "He said he wants reconciliation but its a very strange way of going about that. "He says he wants to bury the hatchet, but he's buried the hatchet in their backs!" Meanwhile, public relations expert Mark Borkowski told Page Six that the couple may find it hard to come back after the controversy surrounding Spare. He said: “They are on the edge. They have lost the sympathy vote. "I suspect the ‘bunker mentality’ has left them threadbare on future messaging. “As each interview landed, Harry exposed a deep well of emotional unresolved pain. "He should spend time and effort on dealing with the pain instead of turning it into a three-ring Barnum and Bailey circus act.” 