The Royal Family is not set to respond to claims made by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and will instead deploy a "collective response", a royal expert has claimed. Adhering to the well-known motto of "never complain, never explain", the Firm is not expected to "buckle to Sussexes' need for reaction". Speaking of the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up with host Pandora Forsyth, royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "I think what they've done in the last few weeks has been designed to try to provoke a reaction from the Royal Family." Richard's comment was in response to Meghan and Harry's recent docu-series, as well as Harry's latest interviews and bombshell memoir release. Speaking of a reaction, Mr Palmer told Ms Forsyth: "There's no sign of one coming." He added that this is even in "the form of a changing tack by the Royal Family". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry told 'don't hold breath' over Coronation as 'betrayal backfires' Mr Palmer also spoke of Harry's recent revelation, in response to the couple's Oprah interview in 2021, that they never accused the Royal Family of racism. Speaking of Harry's interview with Tom Bradby for ITV, which aired on January 8, Mr Palmer noted that the 38-year-old made a mention to Lady Susan Hussey and seemingly defended her against the latest controversy. He added: "I think what a lot of commentators have been saying in the last couple of days, is that the reason he now says this and then brings up Lady Susan Hussey is that the Palace responded to Lady Susan Hussey controversy and took action. "[Harry and Meghan] are looking at the Royal Family to take action over the comments they've made, and about the family and about the household." READ MORE: Harry facing 'constant ridicule' in the US as he prepares for another major interview To go alongside his memoir Spare, which is now available worldwide, Harry appeared in a few interviews, in support of the new read. On Sunday, Harry sat down with Tom Bradby, whom he has known for over two decades, for ITV. The same evening, in US time, Harry spoke with Anderson Cooper for NBC's 60 Minutes. DON'T MISS Harry's book has reportedly become the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time - less than 24 hours after its release. It is reported to have sold 400,000 copies sold so far, which has been released in hardback, ebook and audio formats on Tuesday. The book has been released in 16 languages across the globe, with copies of the book being sold before its official release in Spain last week.