A man’s body was recovered from the sea this morning after emergency services received a 999 call from a concerned member of the public. Police, ambulance, the coastguard and a lifeboat were called to Redcar seafront at around 8am today. Cleveland Police has confirmed that a man’s body was found in the water. His next of kin has been informed but no details of his identity have been released. A Cleveland Police spokesperson said: “Police and other emergency services attended the seafront at Redcar just before 8am this morning after a caller reported he believed a man’s body was in the sea. “Officers have notified the man’s next of kin and our thoughts are with them at this very difficult time. “The man’s death is not currently being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner."  And confirming it sent an ambulance to the scene, the North East Ambulance Service told Gazette Live: "We received a call at 7.58am this morning to reports of an incident at the Redcar seafront in Teesside. “We dispatched one ambulance crew." A spokesperson for HM Coastguard said: “HM Coastguard responded to an incident in Redcar this morning. “Alerted at 8am, Coastguard Rescue Teams from Redcar, Staithes and Whitby and a lifeboat from the Redcar RNLI were sent to assist." READ MORE: Cold snap can have a ‘serious impact’ on health   The coastguard spokesperson added: “North East Ambulance Service and Cleveland Police were also in attendance." And Redcar RNLI posted on Facebook: “SHOUT: 07:59 - Launch D Class lifeboat to assist with a Police incident on Redcar seafront." Residents have been expressing their sympathies on social media. Writing on Facebook, Lindsey Graham said: "Aww heartbreaking, thoughts are with the family and this very sad time x" DON'T MISSReal-life 'chamber of secrets' hidden beneath housing estate [PICTURED]US citizens accused of not taking new Covid surge ‘seriously’ [ANALYSIS]Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people [REPORT]  Echoing her sentiments, Kate Kelley posted: "So sad my thoughts are with the family x" Brenda Dabb said: "Heartbreaking thoughts are with the family at this very sad time xxxx" And Jill Gilchrist wrote: "Heartfelt thoughts go out to all his family and friends RIP, gone far to soon xx"