Jake Paul has trolled Tommy Fury after their fight was announced last week, with the American harshly stating that the British boxer will need to 'change his life path' after 'looking like a lost puppy'. The two are finally set to meet in the boxing ring in February after two previous announced bouts were cancelled, with them both now signing a contract to fight in Saudi Arabia on February 26. Speaking on Fury, Paul told the MailOnline: "I don’t hate the kid, I don’t think he’s a bad person, I think he’s just caught up in the wrong lifestyle and doesn’t really know who he is. He’s like a lost puppy trying to figure his life out. That’s what I think is happening. I think he thinks he loves this sport and all the glory. It’s been fun beating these taxi drivers but he’s going to hate this sport after February 26. "He has a lot of weight riding on his shoulders. I can’t even imagine if my dad or brother said some s*** like that. But I guess he’s always kind of been the runt." When in the ring together for the first time on Saturday, after both being at the OVO Arena at Wembley for Artur Beterbiev's win over Anthony Yarde, both exchanged words, with Paul claiming Fury will be 'beaten by a Disney kid', whilst Fury stated, 'After February 26, it's over for you'.  Paul has been made the favourite to win by many bookmakers, even with Fury being much more experienced in the sport, having fought bouts as an amateur for nearly 10 years. On being made the favourite, Paul said: "It doesn’t surprise me because I think the real people in the sport, who see through all the fluff, understand what’s going to happen. But it is funny because he’s been boxing since he was 12 and I’ve been a pro for two years, 364 days." Both men remain undefeated in their careers to date, with Fury coming in with an 8-0 record, with his most recent win coming over Daniel Bocianski on Tyson Fury's undercard. Paul meanwhile, comes in to the fight with 6-0 record, after recent wins over Tyron Woodley and Anderson Silva - two mixed martial arts legends.