Jake Paul and Tommy Fury will finally face each other at the third time of asking on February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. There had been doubts surrounding their latest attempt but it has been given the go-ahead by organisers. And Paul has now announced that he will travel to London this weekend to face off with Fury at the Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde fight in the OVO Arena, London. The pair will reportedly take to the ring for a head-to-head on Saturday night. Taking to Instagram, he said: "After multiple failed attempts to get Tommy Fury in the ring, the moment of truth has finally arrived. Fumbles has no excuses now. Baby is born. Money is massive. Immigration is not an issue. Sunday February 26, Paul vs Fury is live on ESPN+ PPV in the US and BT Sport Box Office in the UK."Tyson Fury has promised he and Papa John will make Tommy retire from boxing and change his last name forever if he can’t beat the YouTuber. Saturday (tomorrow) I’m coming to London to look at all three Fury’s in the eye and shake on that promise."   Concerns had been expressed about whether the fight would make it over the line so soon with Fury expecting his daughter to be born in the coming days. However, it is now in place for next month. Fury is yet to break his silence on the announcement but did discuss the fight and his motivations behind taking during a recent interview with Rob Moore."I was earning my stripes," he said. "But if you want to slap millions of pounds in front of my face to fight Jake Paul, why am I not going to do that? I've got a family to feed now any day - the reason I've taken the Jake Paul fight is it's financially good. MORE BOXING NEWS... Beterbiev 'terrifies the life out of' presenter at Yarde presser Fighter Eubank Jr left in a coma gives his take on Liam Smith KO Smith reacts as Eubank considers lodging appeal over 'illegal elbow'    "There is [a part of me that wants to shut him up] but he doesn't get underneath my skin like that. He can't get underneath my skin because I know what he's doing. He's a whizz on social media, he's made a living off being an idiot, arrogant and calling people out. It is what it is but he can't get underneath my skin. "All I see with Jake Paul is a business and if you want me to beat a man who can't fight and throw millions of pounds in my face, not a problem, sign me up and that's purely what this is. I've described it all the time as being on Route 66 and I need to stop off in my campervan, fill it up and get back on the road." Paul and Fury has previously agreed to fight other on two occasions only for the fight to fall through. Fury comes into the fight as the more experienced boxer, having won all of his eight fights as a professional while American Paul also has a perfect pro boxing record of 6-0, having fought several MMA stars, a basketball player and a fellow YouTuber.   