The wait is over for Vera fans as the first part of two episodes of series 11 will finally be shown on Sunday. They will be followed each week by four new episodes from series 12. Brenda Blethyn will be back as DCI Stanhope and along with her team, will be faced with a string of mysterious murders. Little is known about Vera's past, and as far as fans know, she has never been married. While the detective is happy being on her own, DCI Stanhope often shows her vulnerable side when she talks about her beloved dad. Speaking in a new interview ahead of series 12, Brenda opened up about what fans can expect from the episodes. She explained that the instalments will re-visit Vera's childhood and fond memories of her dad. READ MORE: Vorderman and This Morning presenters in tears of laughter at Harry “We have set the TV adaptation of The Darkest Evening in a violent storm and we learn yet more about Vera and her family," Brenda began. "A body is found on the outskirts of land owned by some of her distant relatives. "At the start of that story, with no signal on her phone, Vera finds herself having to find refuge from the storm to get help having found a baby in an abandoned car. "And the only place she can go for help is into the Stanhope’s ancestral pile - Brockburn House - where Vera used to go as a child with her dad." "That brings back all kinds of memories for her." One present Vera's dad passed down to her when he died was the detective's iconic Land Rover. Discussing how show bosses had to change one part of the vehicle just for Brenda, the actress continued: "There’s a brief scene where we see Vera changing a tyre on her Land Rover in the middle of nowhere. "It was a very heavy tyre but I lifted it up and chucked it in the back. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's interview ratings smashed by Happy Valley  [INSIGHT]Emilia Fox addresses Silent Witness coming to an end  [NEWS]Loose Women row erupts as Kaye rages Harry 'should walk away' [VIDEO] "Vera would have learned how to do all of that from her dad. "That’s her dad’s motor. It was her who got it going when he died. She got it out of the shed. “The Land Rover was adapted to an automatic for me to drive, and I’ve got a little extra step to get in and out. "Getting out is easy, I just come out like going down a chute." "But it’s quite high up to get in. So they added a little step for me," the DCI Stanhope star went on to say. Joining Vera in series 12 will be her right-hand man, Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty). Ibinabo Jack, who plays Jac Williams will also be making a return as well as Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards. Vera will return on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.