Lisa Marie Presley spent some of her early years at Graceland with her father Elvis Presley. However, after her parents divorced, her mother Priscilla lived away from the Memphis home. While Lisa Marie still spent a great deal of time there, the house has since been open to the public to visit for the past 41 years.  Lisa Marie Presley did not live in Graceland, as while part of the house is kept closed to the public, it is mainly a tourist attraction these days. However, she would see the house as home and sometimes have family meals like Thansgiving in the dining room there. Director of Archives at Graceland, Angie Marchese, said of the upstairs area of Graceland: “The one thing about Graceland and its mystique is the upstairs and the fact that it was Elvis’ private area... It looks as if he just got up and left. It is part of my job to maintain it.  “So we do go up there to maintain the space. The record on the record player is the last record he listened to. There’s a styrofoam cup that sits on a bookshelf. The bed is made, so we really maintain it the way that Lisa wants us to preserve it. So, unfortunately, we can’t see it, but it is taken care of.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley  Evidently, Lisa Marie was still hugely involved in maintaining the building, but until recently Elvis’ daughter lived in Calabasas, California. Lisa Marie’s home, however, was also the site of her son Benjamin’s suicide in July 2020, after which she left the home and is reported to have sold it. An insider told the New York Post Lisa Marie ‘could not step foot inside the home’ since her son’s death and was reported to have been living with her ex-husband and Benjamin’s father, Danny Keough. A source told The Sun: "Danny has moved around a lot in the past but came back to be by Lisa's side immediately when they were left devastated by Ben's death, he was staying with her at the Beverly Hills Hotel.  “They are now living with family at a new house in Calabasas and have been grieving together, it’s been an extraordinarily difficult time and he’s been a rock for Lisa. “Lisa is still completely shattered. Ben was her whole world and she's struggling to see sense in what has happened, it's going to be a long time before she feels any better." The source hastened to add Danny and Lisa Marie were not believed to be romantically involved. It was he who found that she had suffered a cardiac arrest at the new home, before her sudden death at 54 yesterday. Lisa Marie was still married to her fourth husband, Michael Lockwood, with whom she has two daughters Harper and Finley, until 2021. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.  