British TikToker Lucy Kalice has 47.4K followers on her TikTok account @lucykalice. SHe has amassed a huge 1.6M likes on her domestic content. Her video on removing the limescale from the bathroom toilet has had a huge 76.1K views and over 400 comments. She was cleaning her whole house in the run-up to Christmas when she tackles the common chore. "Today we're cleaning the limescale from the toilet," she said, and she told fans she would rely on one specific product to get the job done. The product is Spirits of Salt. Lucy said: "It's pretty bad so I'm going to be using Spirits of Salt to clean it and oh my god, you'll see at the end it did an amazing job. You'll need the marigold on when you're dealing with Spirits of Salt." READ MORE: Builder's 60p toilet paper hack to put a stop to mould in your shower Spirits of Salt is a Mac Strength cleaner, which is used for descaling and cleaning. It is stronger than a standard cleaner, using acid to penetrate grease and clear blockages. The product can be bought at Homebase for just £3.50, where a review reads: "It's powerful stuff." How does Lucy use it? She explained: "I basically tried to take as much of the toilet water out of the toilet as possible but a ramekin didn't cut it so I had a genius idea of filling up a bottle numerous times and there we go. DON'T MISSDIY toilet 'freshening' blocks with 4 natural ingredients [CLEANING] How to clean with shaving cream: 3 uses for product [EXPERT] 'Clean the toilet without using bleach!' 'Naturally occurring' item [TIP] "250ml of Spirits of Salt is all you, and that's half a bottle. I left it for an hour and a half and this is the result. "I cannot believe how well it worked. There is the tiniest bit left but I think I'll be able to do that with my toilet brush. There we have it, toilet clean done." Fans were quick to comment on the easy routine. Gilly said: "I've never heard of Spirits of Salt. Sounds witchy." Another suggested: "Use the Spirits of Salt and put cling film over the bowl. The smoke will work up and under the rim. You also don't need the whole bottle." Kelly Cotton was very grateful for the tip, and wrote: "You're a cleaning angel! I spent a whole day trying to clean my new place's toilet with just a kettle & bleach. I'm buying Spirits of Salt right now!" Others suggested some other products to get rid of toilet limescale. Brielle Evans said: "Citric acid works great for this!" Another said: "Harpic do tablets that you just pop in overnight and by the morning it’s all gone. Total game changer for me!"