Unfortunately, the awkward shape of your machine is a breeding ground for black mould as it often hides in the corners or in the machine’s seal. Your washing machine’s regular contact with dirty clothes, moisture and soap can lead to fungal growth. Closing the washing machine door and drawer can also trap moisture in the machine leading to mould and mildew. Over time, detergent and fabric softener can build up inside washing machines causing soap scum. Debris stuck to clothing can then be released into the washing machine and stick to the soap scum causing more bacteria. With this in mind, Laura Harnett, founder of Seep eco cleaning products, has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how to remove black mould and soap scum from washing machines without using chemicals. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out Laura suggested using white vinegar and baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, to banish mould and soap scum. She explained: “Your washing machine can become dirty due to a build up of limescale, soap residue and black mould can grow in the rubber seal around the door. “This can all be easily removed in an eco-friendly way with white vinegar and bicarbonate of soda. “White vinegar will tackle the black mould and is a natural disinfectant, whereas bicarbonate of soda is abrasive and odourless so it’s great for tackling limescale and soap scum.” DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda can be found in most households, however, if you don’t own it, you can buy it online or from a local supermarket. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs £1 from The Range and DriPak Pure White Vinegar also costs £1 from Wilko. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75, Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda costs £2 from Ocado, Duzzit Baking Soda costs from Savers £1.29 and M&S Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.05. You can purchase white vinegar and bicarbonate of soda together for just £2.05. READ MORE: Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To create the mix, add water to bicarbonate of soda to make a thick paste. Laura also suggested using an eco sponge or scourer with the baking soda paste to remove the limescale deposits. Eco sponges and scourers can be bought online or from supermarkets, usually in a multipack. Zero Waste Club Biodegradable Kitchen sponges cost £2.15 for two. Eco Sponge With Scourer costs £9.50 from The Seep Company for a packet of four. Mr Eco Non-Scratch Fibre and Cellulose Sponges cost £3.99 from Lakeland for two. To remove black mould from the washing machine seal, pour white vinegar onto a cloth and carefully wipe around the door seal to remove any scum deposits and black mould. The cleaning expert added: “The resulting clean washing machine drum will mean that your clothes are cleaned more effectively and will extend the life of the appliance.” White vinegar is great for cleaning because of its acidic nature. The acidic cleaning solution can dissolve mineral deposits, dirt, grease and grime and can kill bacteria. Bicarbonate of soda is a great cleaning agent because it dissolves dirt and grease and can deodorise certain odours.