WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ginny and Georgia season two. Netflix hit series Ginny and Georgia recently ended on a major cliffhanger which saw Georgia Miller (played by Brianne Howey) in the back of a police car. With fans eagerly awaiting the release of season three, showrunner Sarah Lampert hinted it could entail a custody battle.   During the season finale, as Georgia was celebrating her wedding to Mayor Paul Rudolph (Scott Porter) the evening quickly took a turn for the worse. She was linked to Tom’s death and the police burst into the ceremony to arrest Georgia for murder. With a potential jail stint ahead of her, many fans shared concerns about her daughter Ginny (Antonia Gentry) and son Austin (Diesel La Torraca). Although season three has yet to be confirmed, showrunner Sarah Lampert hinted there could be a huge custody battle. READ MORE: Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams    Sarah shared: “I think we’ve set up a lot of really great possibilities in the sense that, just playing out hypotheticals, if Georgia is being charged with this crime, we have Zion. “He’s Ginny’s dad, we have Gill in the picture now. “I think previous to this, he had no chance at custody because he was a convicted felon but who knows now, and we’ve got Paul, who’s the stepdad. “We have so many golden possibilities for storytelling based on how rich these characters are.”  Speaking to Deadline, she added: “And based on how many surprises we want to throw into season three that I’m being coy about but we do have it planned out.” Tom was Cynthia Fuller’s (Sabrina Grdevich) terminally ill husband who was in a coma and lying unconscious. To show her gratitude to Cynthia, Georgia decided to smother Tom attempting to rid her friend of her husband, who she understood had become a burden. However, unbeknownst to Georgia, Austin watched the entire murder unfold as he was hiding in the cupboard during a game of hide and seek. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star makes return to cobbles after three years [INSIGHT]Sorcha Cusack has left Father Brown as Mrs McCarthy after 10 years [INSIGHT]Ginny and Georgia season 3: Showrunner addresses Netflix show future [INSIGHT]   Although many assumed Tom died passed from his illness, PI Gabriel Cordova (Alex Mallari Jr) learned Georgia was present and sparked an investigation. During a heart-to-heart with Ginny, Georgia admitted Kenny Drexel (Darryl Scheelar) wasn’t the only person she had killed. She confessed to also murdering her first husband but with a new death on her hands, fans will have to stay tuned to what will happen to her children. With her new marriage to Paul, he could automatically gain custody of Ginny and Austin, however, this could spark a major clash between Zion Miller (Nathan Mitchell) and Gill Timmins (Aaron Ashmore).   As Austin’s biological father, Gill could look to seek custody even though he was recently released from jail for domestic violence. Despite this, fans know Ginny and Austin are familiar with and more comfortable with Zion. As Ginny’s biological father, she raced to his home after learning the truth about Kenny’s death in season one. Nevertheless, fans will have to stay tuned to see the fallout of Georgia’s arrest. Ginny and Georgia seasons 1-2 are available on Netflix. 