A man has been charged with killing his British brother with several gunshots a few days after their mother's funeral in Jamaica. Lemone Brown, 38, a carpenter from Mike Town, in Jamaica, is accused of shooting 48-year-old Michael Brown, who lives in Waterford, Hertfordshire in the UK.   The Brown brothers, who were arranging the burial for their mother, have allegedly been embroiled in a land dispute since 2015, which is believed to have prompted the murder. According to police sources, Michael Brown, also known as "Jimmy," was gunned down around 12:20 am last Thursday while working on an unfinished house in the neighbourhood, only four days after burying his 74-year-old mother. The 48-year-old suffered upper-body gunshot wounds. He was rushed to Mandeville Regional Hospital but later pronounced dead. Shane McCalla, the superintendent of the Manchester Police, stated that both the police and community residents had been working to find a peaceful resolution to the conflict. Mr McCalla said: "It is really sad, what occurred, and what is even sadder is that the persons, even the deceased, would have been at the Mandeville Police Station where members of the community safety and security arm and the restorative justice would have tried to get the parties to come to some form of agreement in their disputes over the properties." According to "community sources," Mr Brown was embroiled in a "bitter" family dispute over a number of assets his recently deceased mother had bequeathed to him in the island nation, Jamaican radio station Nationwide 90FM reported.   The radio station said Mr Brown and his family's conflict intensified on Wednesday, culminating in a heated exchange. Police launched an investigation into the incident right afterwards and are gathering testimony. Since the incident, two suspects have been arrested, an unnamed source told the Daily Mail. They said:  "The police have taken two people into custody in relation to the killing of 'Jimmy' who was visiting his family from England. They are helping police with their inquiries into his shooting death." Mr McCalla said that this is the latest in a series of five killings that have taken place in the parish where Mr Brown was killed since the year's beginning had been connected to disputes. READ MORE: Coronation Street return for Harvey Gaskell He said: "What we want people to do is to try to find more amicable means to resolve conflicts. A number of the murders recorded in the parish are coming out of disputes and an inability to properly manage conflict and resolve disputes." A local reportedly said such property feuds are commonplace in Jamaica and sometimes end in tragic deaths. Mr Brown is the second British victim of gun violence in Jamaica this year, following the death of Sean Patterson, 33, a personal trainer from Shepherd's Bush, West London, who was discovered with gunshot wounds to his upper body and head in St James earlier in January. At the time, Jamaica Constabulary deputy commissioner Fitz Bailey described it as a "contract killing" that originated in Britain. DON'T MISS:Midsomer Murders will not be airing on ITV tonight after shakeup [REPORT]Coronation Street fans fear tragic death will rock cobbles [REPORT]Wagner Group ‘has rape and murder at its heart’ [REPORT] Mr Bailey said in a video statement that Mr Patterson had landed in Jamaica on December 29 together with a second individual who was also from London. Before moving into the villa in Bogue Hill on New Year's Day, the duo had spent several days at an apartment. A man from Kingston later joined them, all three of them staying at the guest house in separate rooms.  The Jamaican man and Mr Patterson proceeded to the villa's pool deck around noon the following day, and a "lone male dressed in a black hooded sweatshirt" was seen shooting rounds, according to Mr Bailey. A police official stated that a suspect has been detained and charged with the murder of his brother, and will soon appear in court. READ NEXT:Police make arrest in Elle Edwards murder probe days after funeralGP serial killer used in 'absolutely disgusting' insurance advertImmigration system is too trusting and has been exploited - COMMENTFootage shows cars riddled with bullets after cop face offAccused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial