Manchester United chief Richard Arnold warned Erik ten Hag and John Murtough about having ‘no d********’ at the club, according to reports. The Red Devils supremo replaced Ed Woodward last year. And he’s already made a positive impact on many at both Old Trafford and Carrington. Woodward quit United last year, resigning after failing to improve the club and seeing a plot to join a European Super League go up in smoke. And Arnold, according to The Telegraph, has made a positive impression since taking over. It’s stated that while he’s happy to allow Ten Hag and Murtough to oversee footballing matters, he also had a warning for the pair when discussing their plans back in the summer. He reportedly wanted the pair to implement a ‘no d*********’ policy, having grown ‘tired’ of ‘troublemakers and problem players’. Arnold was central to the Glazers' U-turning on their initial transfer plans for the summer, too. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United would end up spending £75million more than expected, with Casemiro and Antony arriving after early losses to Brighton and Brentford. It’s said extra money was coughed up on the condition Ten Hag knew there would be little to spend in January. And Arnold ‘was the one reminding Ten Hag of this’ when the Dutchman was lobbying for the club to sign Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven. “He’s pretty good at managing those tensions,” a source is quoted as saying regarding Arnold’s handling of the situation. Arnold wants to bring the glory days back to United after a decade of mediocrity in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Ferguson is being listened to again, now, for the first time in years. United did heed the Scot’s advice when it came to hiring David Moyes as manager back in 2013. But Ferguson was often marginalised by Woodward, with his opinion not sought as the Red Devils lurched from one crisis to another. When United hired Arnold, many suspected it was because he was close to Woodward. Yet the pair are said to be different characters. An insider said” “There was some kind of perception that Richard was Woodward’s side-kick but he was terribly careful about where and how he honed his particular attributes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The friendship was overstated. They are very different personalities.” Arnold himself is said to operate with little ego on him. And there’s a sense United are finally beginning to get their act together as they plan for a brighter future with Ten Hag in charge. Speaking at a fans forum earlier in the month, meanwhile, Arnold made it clear supporters would be ‘integral’ under any potential new ownership. “What’s clear is that fans will be integral to the success of Manchester United under any ownership model,” he said. “And we see this body as an important part of the club’s governance structure irrespective of what happens with the strategic review. “Certainly, we will be advising any prospective new investors on the value of the fan engagement processes we have built in recent years, and recommending that they continue to be strengthened.” And Arnold said: “As part of this process, the Board will consider all strategic alternatives, including new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the Company. “This will include an assessment of several initiatives to strengthen the club, including stadium and infrastructure redevelopment, and expansion of the club’s commercial operations on a global scale, each in the context of enhancing the long-term success of the club’s men’s, women’s and academy teams, and bringing benefits to fans and other stakeholders. “When and in what form that investment comes remains uncertain, but I feel confident in saying it will be a positive process for the club because we all understand the capital needs that we have, in terms of redeveloping the stadium and training ground while continuing to build a winning team.”