Manchester United won't make any other signings on transfer deadline day once Marcel Sabitzer completes his move from Bayern Munich. Speculation has been rife this evening over the prospect of a second arrival before the 11pm deadline, but United's plans are now confirmed. The Red Devils are set to sign Sabitzer on a straight loan until the end of the season without an option to buy in his contract. Erik ten Hag identified the 28-year-old midfielder as an ideal solution to a dilemma caused by Christian Eriksen's injury diagnosis. Eriksen is expected to be sidelined until last April at the earliest after suffering an ankle issue in Saturday's 3-1 FA Cup win against Reading, joining Scott McTominay in the injury table. And with Donny van de Beek also ruled out for the remainder of the campaign, Ten Hag's latest blow left him with just two fit central midfielders - Casemiro and Fred. It sparked suggestions that United could be eyeing a second midfield arrival after Sabitzer before the winter transfer window ends, but that isn't the case. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE According to the Telegraph, Sabitzer will be the club's only deadline-day signing, and there is confidence that it will go through in time. The update pours cold water over suggestions that United could make a last-ditch swoop for Lyon's Houssem Aouar, whose contract expires in July. Reports also claimed the Old Trafford giants had been in contact with Eintracht Frankfurt about the possibility of recruiting Daichi Kamada, also out of contract this summer. But Ten Hag will be delighted to add Sabitzer to his midfield regiment to cover the frustrating loss of Eriksen, the most used player of his maiden campaign as manager. READ MORE: Hakim Ziyech waiting in hotel as 'greedy' Chelsea try to change deal  Sabitzer is set to become United's third signing of the January transfer window and Ten Hag's ninth since taking charge in M16 last summer. Jack Butland joined on a six-month contract from Crystal Palace to replace summer signing Martin Dubravka, who was recalled from his loan by Newcastle United. United then sealed another temporary deal for Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, snatching him from his loan at Besiktas. Sabitzer fits the mould of player Ten Hag wants in his dressing room and is bound to be chomping at the bit to secure regular football after a frustrating spell at Bayern. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here