Roma boss Jose Mourinho is reportedly aiming for a return to Chelsea in what would be his third stint at the club, having grown frustrated at the Italian side this season. The Portuguese manager moved to Rome after suffering a difficult spell before he was sacked at Tottenham, where he coached after leaving Chelsea for the second time. The Daily Mail have claimed that going back to Chelsea for a third time would be Mourinho’s ideal scenario, and his representatives have contacted the Blues and informed them that he would be interested in the job should a vacancy arise. Graham Potter has had a difficult start to life at Stamford Bridge after moving from Brighton mid-season to replace Thomas Tuchel, and the Blues are currently languishing in tenth place in the Premier League table. Potter retains the support of the Chelsea hierarchy, who insist that Potter’s hiring is part of a long-term plan and he will not be dismissed from the job if he fails to secure Champions League football next season. However, Mourinho has always preferred working in England and his family still live in London which would tempt him back to the league, though he does not wish to leave Roma in the middle of the campaign. Mourinho’s outfit are currently fifth in Serie A, though lack the financial means to challenge Napoli at the top of the table. Mourinho moved away from England having failed to succeed at Spurs, though he was sacked shortly before his side were about to take on Manchester City in the Carabao Cup final. Even though he may be interested in returning to Stamford Bridge, CBS Sports have claimed that Potter was assured during the World Cup that his job remains safe for the time being. They are concerned about the form but Potter has been backed financially as Joao Felix, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana have all joined the club this month. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal £60m Caicedo bid, Chelsea deals die, Gordon swapCaicedo 'responds to Arsenal bid' with private Brighton messageArsenal chief Edu has 'considerable funds to spend' with next signing decided Further additions could even be made as the Blues retain an interest in Brighton’s Moises Caicedo, who on Friday made a public plea that he wanted to leave the Seagulls. While Christopher Nkunku and Malo Gusto are also set to join in the summer. Whether Mourinho would be of interest to Chelsea even if they decide to part ways with Potter remains to be seen, as the 60-year-old’s stock in the game has faded in recent years and questions were raised during his last spell in the league over whether the modern game had passed him by. Mourinho has won almost everything in the game, but recent spells at Spurs and Manchester United saw him wage wars with his star players and have his style of play criticised before results caught up to him, leading to sackings by both sides.