The error affects mostly women who reached the state pension age before April 2016. Some 237,000 pensions have been affected by the mistake in total, and some people have still not been paid the amount they are owed. The DWP has identified three groups who may have been affected by the underpayments, with some £1.46billion underpaid. The issue affects people who retired before 2016, because after this date, a woman’s pension was no longer linked to her husband’s pension. Between January 2021 and October 2022, the investigation discovered 31,817 people did not get the entirety of their payments in an historic error. There are three groups who may be affected by the underpayments, with the potential for a person to be owed more than £10,000. READ MORE: Octopus Energy to bring solar panels to British homes and slash bills The three groups are: DON'T MISS: Britons urged to check their eligibility for Cold Weather Payment [INSIGHT]Three in five Brits worry they won't have enough money for the year [ANALYSIS]Households can save over £800 on gas bills with DIY heating tip [EXPLAINED] In January 2021, the DWP said it had begun an exercise to find the pensioners affected. This process has taken more time than planned as the Department had to recruit and train people to carry out the project. Officials originally said they hoped to complete the process by the end of 2023 but the department says it could run “through to late 2024”. Previously, a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The action we are taking now will correct historical underpayments made by successive governments. “We are fully committed to addressing these errors, not identified under previous governments, as quickly as possible. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing "We have set up a dedicated team and devoted significant resources towards completing this – alongside publishing GOV.UK guidance for next of kin – with further resources being allocated throughout 2022 and 2023 towards the underpayments exercise." Pensioners who have been underpaid will be contacted by the DWP as soon as their case has been assessed. Individuals will likely get a letter to confirm how much back pay they are entitled to. Those who believe they are owed payments should contact the Pension Service. This is usually the quickest route for a person to find out if they are eligible for money from the DWP. The state pension is to increase by 10.1 percent in April as the triple lock policy has been reinstated. The policy guarantees the state pension increases in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the rise in average earnings or the rate of inflation. With the uprating, full new state pension payments will increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. Those on the full basic state pension will also receive a payment boost with their payments increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week.