With Graham Potter toiling in the Chelsea dugout, talk of the sack is rife. And, should Todd Boehly choose to axe the 47-year-old, then he’ll hold the unwanted record of having the shortest stint in charge of the club in the Premier League era. The west Londoners have struggled in the top flight this season and Sunday’s emphatic 4-0 defeat to Manchester City has only increased the doom and gloom mood around the place… Chelsea only hired Potter back in September, shortly after the brutal decision to relieve Thomas Tuchel of his duties. And the Blues’ season has lurched from one crisis to another in the time since, with the west London giants a shadow of their usual selves this term. With Chelsea in freefall, talk of Potter potentially being sacked is rising with the 47-year-old appearing at a loss to turn his side’s situation around. And, should Boehly opt to wield the axe yet again, then the former Brighton and Swansea boss will have an unwanted record. With just four months of football under his belt in the capital, Potter would boast the shortest managerial stint of any Chelsea boss in the Premier League era. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Roberto Di Matteo at least lasted five months after being given the Blues job permanently in 2013, shortly after guiding them to Champions League football as interim boss. He was, however, sacked in November of that same year with Roman Abramovich unconvinced he was the right man for the biggest job of all. Luiz Felipe Scolari’s tenure lasted eight months, with the Brazilian axed in February 2009. Andre-Villas Boas got eight months to make his mark, only to be axed after failing to win the backing of the Blues’ biggest players. And Maurizio Sarri’s spell in the dugout lasted 11 months, despite Chelsea previously being convinced he was the right man for the job. This list does, of course, not include interim bosses such as Rafa Benitez and Guus Hiddink. And it’ll be interesting to see if Potter has what it takes to turn the tide, with the scrutiny over his position increasing with each passing game. Big things were expected when he arrived given the fine work he’d done during his time at Brighton. But with Chelsea losing seven of their last 10 matches, his dream job at Stamford Bridge is turning into a nightmare. Speaking after his side’s loss to City on Sunday, Potter ripped into his side’s performance by saying: "I thought we were second best to a very, very good side. “Obviously, we are not in a great moment ourselves and even though it was a cagey first 20 minutes we couldn't attack the backline well enough, we couldn't attack as well as we would like. “I think Manchester City do really well in terms of stopping you doing that. At the same time, we struggled. "It was a fantastic first goal in terms of a strike from a free-kick, and a strange penalty and you are caught in a position where it is 2-0 and you have to chase the ball against Manchester City. “You are caught between trying to commit more men and not getting opened up. "So the first half was painful and tough for us all. Second half, we had to respond and I thought there were some positives there in terms of the young players. “I thought they gave everything and showed their quality but we are disappointed we went out of the competition. Congratulations to Man City. They deserved to win, of course." And he added: “I have said before you can make excuses and look for reasons or you can say it isn't good enough. Both of those answers are correct. "So we have to keep improving, stick together as a football club, because clearly we are suffering as a football club and it is not nice at all. But that is where we are at the moment."