Manchester United's £86million summer signing Antony was left 'badly shaken' following a motorway crash that wrecked his £100k BMW X6. Thankfully, the Brazilian international walked away unscathed from the incident that is understood to have taken place on New Year's Eve.  Earlier that day, Antony had been part of the Manchester United side that was able to grind out a 1-0 win at Wolves in the Premier League to end 2022 on a high. However, following his return to the North West, the ex-Ajax man was involved in an unfortunate collision that caused understandable distress for the 22-year-old. According to The Sun, there were no other individuals involved in the crash on the M56 near Antony's home in Hale. The attacker was breathalysed at the scene by police as his condition was assessed while his car was also recovered. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A few days later, Erik ten Hag made the decision to leave Antony out of his United squad to face Bournemouth. The Red Devils were able to pick up a 3-0 victory over the Cherries without their summer signing, who would later return to the fold for the FA Cup win over Everton on Friday. Antony got himself on the scoresheet within the first few minutes after a difficult few days as the Red Devils battled their way to a 3-1 victory over the Toffees. Speaking to TNT Sports, Antony made reference to a personal incident that took place prior to the triumph over Everton, although he did not go into detail. DON'T MISSDecisive Wout Weghorst meeting scheduled to unlock Man Utd loan transfer for Erik ten HagMan Utd 'submit loan bid for Vincent Aboubakar' with striker to pick between two proposalsWout Weghort 'waves goodbye' to Besiktas supporters with Man Utd transfer 'advanced'  He told the outlet: "First of all it’s a feeling of joy, I’m happy to score again and especially at home. I’ve set some goals for myself this season and it’ good to score as soon as I’ve started to think of personal goals. "But of course the most important is United’s qualification. "I also feel relieved as in the last few days I had a shock but I prefer not to comment on what happened. It was a personal matter, really hard but I’m very grateful to God for putting this behind me now. "Grateful to the club, to the players, to the manager, to everyone that stayed by my side. It’s in the past now, I’m happy to score and I hope to keep going like this because this is a year of a lot of achievements and wins." It's been a challenging start for Antony in the Premier League following his big-money move from the Eredivisie. He started his new chapter in the perfect fashion - netting on his debut against Arsenal before also finding the net against Everton and Manchester City. The goals have since dried up in the top-flight but Antony bolstered his stats with a poacher's finish against Everton to kickstart 2023 in style following World Cup heartbreak with Brazil. Ten Hag is believed to consider Antony as part of his strongest United XI but the winger will have to showcase consistency in order to remain in the team, particularly if January reinforcements arrive in this month's transfer window.