Linda, 64, is set to release a tell-all book talking about her rocky relationships with former co-stars. The Loose Women star said she “doesn’t care” about hurting anyone’s feelings except her family’s with the candid autobiography. Speaking on details that will be shared in the book, Linda said: “I don’t care about the people not in my family, but I don’t want to upset anyone in my family. “At the moment the book is called, 'In All Honesty', which I think is really boring and on the back of the book there is going to be a picture of me with a zip over my mouth. “A few people have annoyed me or upset me, they better watch out for themselves, because they’re in the book and I’m coming for them. “But mostly I’ll be nice about everybody.,” she confirmed while talking to Loose Women co-star, Kaye Adams, on her podcast How To Be 60. READ MORE:Stacey Solomon cradles growing baby bump in glowing pregnancy snap It comes as Linda was previously reported to have fallen out with her Birds of a Feather co-star Pauline Quirke, something which TV presenter Linda has always refuted. The duo have been friends for more than five decades and starred together in 12 series. However, Pauline was absent from the Birds of a Feather special in 2020, which prompted rumours of a rift. "People say Pauline and I have fallen out," she told The Mirror. "Obviously I couldn't see her during lockdown but I've seen her since. "She just doesn't want to act anymore. She's had enough - it's long hours. “She's concentrating on her drama academies. She's very hands-on, going to classes and all that,” she added. "I see Lesley [Joseph] all the time because we won Celebrity Coach Trip last year. DONT MISS:Emmerdale's Mackenzie Boyd and Chloe Harris' fling finally exposed (PHOTOS)Ruby Wax sparks concern as she shares video from hospital bed (NEWS)Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari (LATEST) “And during the lockdowns, I would leave funny things on her doorstep, like Tena Lady and hair dye!" Linda also confirmed that when she was ill, both Pauline and Lesley regularly rang her, adding: "They were both a big support and really there for me." Linda and Pauline were seen enjoying a surprise reunion alongside their Birds of a Feather co-star Lesley Joseph. In a photo shared on the Loose Women star's Instagram page in May last year, the trio could be seen smiling as they dined at the fancy eatery, The Delaunay. "A lovely lunch with my beautiful friends in the @thedelaunay," Linda simply remarked. The heartwarming post was met with much praise, with one writing: "Lovely photo [heart eyes emoji] so good to see Pauline too! [heart emojis] forever comedy icon trio xxx." "This makes me so happy," another post read, while a third person stated: "This literally warms my heart." A fourth follower said: "All the birds together, bring back birds of a feather."