Death in Paradise is back on BBC One and the first episode of season 12 features a murder mystery involving a celebrated professor. Ralf Little returns as detective Neville Parker, who is navigating his relationship with newcomer Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the new series. The season 12 premiere follows a group of astronomers who meet on the cliffs of Saint Marie for the alignment of Jupiter and Saturn. During the one-in-a-lifetime event, professor Bertrand Sworder (Christopher Villers) is killed. Neville and his team discover there was some professional rivalry involving the professor. Elsewhere, Darlene Curtis (Ginny Holder) announces she is ready to become a trainee officer. READ MORE: Ralf Little refuses to confirm future on Death in Paradise Season 12 is made up of eight episodes, which will all air in the same weekly timeslot of 9pm on Fridays. The hour-long episodes will be available to watch on BBC iPlayer once they have aired, for those who need to catch up. If the episode schedule remains interrupted, viewers can expect the finale to air on February 24. Some details have been released for the second episode, which will air on January 13. Comedian and actor Robert Webb will guest star as Justin West. The synopsis for episode two reads: "The team investigates a Preppers commune when one of its members is poisoned inside a locked bunker. "However, with CCTV footage showing that no one went in or came out while he was in there, it seems likely that he has taken his own life - or has he? "Meanwhile, Neville has a series of adventurous dates with Sophie." DON'T MISS... All we know about Death in Paradise star Don Warrington's wife [EXPLAINER] Death in Paradise romance for Neville ‘confirmed’ [INSIGHT]Here's everything you need to know about Death in Paradise season 12 [EXPLAINER] There is plenty to look forward to this season as Commander Selwyn (Don Warrington) has a lot on his mind. At the end of season 11, he discovered he had a daughter and she has now reached out to him. In a clip seen by Radio Times, Selwyn is seen telling Catherine Bordey (Élizabeth Bourgine) he "needed a little time to myself". Selwyn says his daughter "understandably has a lot of questions she wants to ask" and that he's "not sure this is something I want in my life right now". Viewers will have to wait and see whether he is prepared to get to know his estranged daughter. Neville actor Ralf opened up about what is to come in the new series, saying: "Most of what you do in this job is contained episodes, with a bit of character building over the serial arc. "So when you get episodes that really challenge a character and make life interesting, you really relish it. "The one at St Barnabas is Naomi’s. I’m lucky this year that I have two stories that test the character and were really challenging to play. "I’m lucky in that I get to do a job that I enjoy, but it’s especially fun to get up and go to work thinking this is going to be a pretty different day. "Episodes six and seven are going to be brilliant. When people see them, they’re going to freak out."  Death in Paradise season 12 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 9pm