A blogger died due to neglect, an inquest has concluded, after she was able to purchase and ingest poison sent to her from a Russian seller. Beth Matthews, 26, collapsed and died in front of staff at the Priory Hospital Cheadle Royal on March 21, 2022. An inquest has found the prominent mental health advocate was able to purchase a deadly poison while being detained under the Mental Health act. The inquest found that neglect by hospital staff contributed to her death by suicide. The Manchester Evening News reported she had told ward personnel the substance she received in the mail was a protein powder. She went into cardiac arrest and was taken to hospital, but emergency staff could not save her. Reports have not named the substance she ingested, but David Watts, the Priory's director of risk management, told the court earlier this week that hospital staff were aware of the risks it posed. He said staff bulletins had highlighted its potential risks between 2018 and 2020. Coroners ultimately ruled that Ms Matthews had died from "poisoning". Previously, the inquest had heard that a "clear direction" of Ms Matthews' specialist health plan would have prevented her from opening her mail. Internal investigations performed by the Priory Group found "inconsistencies" in staff's approach, as some allowed her to open her own post. In a statement issued on January 18, the group said her plan was "not followed" as demanded the day she died. Representatives accepted that, "on the balance of probabilities", the measure relating to post could have avoided her death. They concluded "she would not have ingested the substance, and would not have died as she did". The inquest also heard that Ms Matthews was in an especially vulnerable position due to intersecting stressors deemed to have a "negative" impact on her mental health. She was nearing the three-year anniversary of a previous suicide attempt - her recovery from which had formed the basis of her ‘Life Beyond the Ledge’ blog - and had recently broken up with a long-term boyfriend. Her April 2019 suicide attempt left her with "significant long-term pain and disability", the court heard. She was also facing possible transfer back to her home in Cornwall alongside a tribunal to challenge her section. Her consultant at the Priory said she was on the hospital's highest risk level. Search records obtained from her mobile phone showed she had frequently made searches relating to the substance that killed her. These searches intensified in the two weeks leading to her death. Beth's mother Jane Matthews described her daughter as a "caring", "intelligent" and "articulate" woman The court heard she was diagnosed with Emotionally Unstable Personality Disorder (EUPD) in 2018, which led to recurring suicidal thoughts. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it's best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org.uk or by visiting www.samaritans.org