A woman claims she was refused entry to a London bar after the bouncer noticed she was on her own. Debbie Trainer claims she was informed the venue had a "no single entrant policy," and despite her explaining she was the organiser of a social group for single people, she alleged she was told they must meet beforehand or they would not be allowed in. She had spent the afternoon of January 28 visiting pubs in Mornington Crescent, north-west London, ahead of a meet-up with the group, when she came across Be At One. Speaking to MyLondon, she said: "I passed that one and admittedly it wouldn’t be my first choice for a pub anyway but while I’m in the area, I did check. "I spoke to the man at the door and my first question was 'Will you be charging to get in later?' because some of the bars in that area do. "He said that they didn’t and then he obviously noticed I was on my own and said ‘But we do have no single entrant policy’." She says she explained to him that they were a group of single people who would meet at the venue, to which the bouncer replied that as long as they met elsewhere and arrived together, they would be allowed in as a group. While the man offered for her to speak with management, Debbie decided to leave the situation as it was getting "overly complicated". "It seems very odd not to be allowed into the venue when you’re sober and dressed neat and tidily," she said. "We didn’t have an argument at all, it was all very civil but he did go on to explain it was for my own protection so that you’d have people with you when you’re going home. "I do understand them using their discretion later at night if somebody came to the venue completely drunk and on their own, you do understand why that would be one of the warning signs to look out for. "It’s just that they have this blanket ban and it was 7pm and I was sober. "They’re probably missing out on business because a lot of single people like myself are part of these groups that meet up and we do meet our friends at a venue. "I actually know my circle of friends quite well now but it’s not unusual for someone to turn up that doesn’t know the group very well and that could be quite awkward for them." Debbie added: "It just struck me as a little bit unwelcoming to be honest." In 2020, a published author was also denied entry at the Regent Street branch due to him being on his own. There is no mention of the policy on their website. A spokesperson for Be At One said: "Each of our businesses manage their entry systems in order to ensure guest safety and wellbeing. "If the guest would like to contact us directly by emailing customer.feedback@stonegatepubs.com we would be happy to discuss any concerns they may have."