Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton has been one of the most vocal critics of the team's W13 model which he struggled with last season. The seven-time world champion only took one podium in the opening eight races and finished sixth in the driver's championship in what proved to be a disaster 2022 for the Mercedes team. The W13 lacked the pace of rivals Red Bull and Ferrari early in the season and had a key problem of porpoising, with both Hamilton and George Russell complaining about the issue of the car bouncing throughout the campaign. However, Mercedes principal Toto Wolff said next year's car 'won't deviate significantly from the W13 model'. Mercedes frantically tried to make changes to the W13 to make it more competitive and Hamilton described his car as the 'worst' he has ever driven at the Canadian Grand Prix after struggling during qualifying on a course he had won seven times on before. He said: “Whatever we do on this car to improve it just makes it more unhappy. One touch of the kerbs here and the car goes flying, it's so stiff - and here in Montreal, you really need to ride the kerbs. "It's not the Montreal that I'm used to and that I've driven throughout my career - it's the worst I've felt any car here. You are putting on a momentous fight just to keep it out of the wall, you're catching a car that's jumping. It definitely keeps you on edge.” READ MORE: David Coulthard and Mark Webber agree on Lewis Hamilton after 'double Mercedes blow'   Mercedes are set to stick with their zero sidepod concept on their 2023 car. After damaging a part of his tyre at the Italian Grand Prix in September, Hamilton showed his frustration with the design. He told Sky Sports: "I think I hit a bit of debris as it came off another car and damaged the little fairing on the tyre. "I have no idea [if it affected the car's performance]. I mean the grip didn't feel that great, it was flapping around. I don't even know what those things are for - waste of space." Wolff did say the 'DNA' of next year's car will be different and the team 'will change the architecture. DON'T MISS:  This will be music to the ears of Hamilton who told Autosport he 'didn't ever plan to drive it again' He said: “Brakes, bouncing is probably number one, drag is probably number two. Or equal number one. There's loads of other things. We’ve obviously got some downforce, we just need to build a much more efficient car. "So I'm looking forward to the end of Tuesday, which is the last time I have to drive this thing. And I don't ever plan to drive this one again. It won't be one of the cars that I request to have in a contract!" Despite Hamilton's results improving towards the end of the season he described the W13 "like a ghost was in the car" as problems kept returning and he failed to finish the final round at Abu Dhabi. 