Train operators have handed the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, their "best and final offer". The Rail Delivery Group (RDG) announced today that it would offer workers a two-year minimum pay rise of nine percent, with staff below a select threshold receiving £1,750 in year one. The group said it would backdate pay offers to the 2022 award date, giving staff an initial lump sum payment. Improving on its last offer, the RDG also said it would not require compulsory redundancies until the end of December 2024, extending the previous proposal by eight months. In a statement, the group said the offer would "allow the industry to adapt to significant changes in the ways in which passengers use the railway" and provide "rewarding and varied careers" rail staffers. The statement added: “If accepted, it would help recover the industry’s finances post-covid, reducing the burden on taxpayers at a time of significant pressure on public spending.” The RMT disclosed that it had received the new offer in a statement today. READ MORE: London to Basingstoke railway collapsed in landslide The union said the offer included "detailed documentation covering a range of issues that affect all of our grade groups" at the 14 companies involved in "negotiations in the national rail dispute". Proposals relating to pay and job security are "directly conditional on cost savings and alterations to contractual terms, entitlements, and working practices”, representatives added. They said the offer would require "serious and careful consideration". Officials with the union's National Executive Committee (NEC) will now "consider the detail within the offer and what next steps to take". A spokesman for the Department for Transport hailed the offer, calling it "fair and reasonable". They said: “These strikes have gone on for far too long and this is a step in the right direction. “This fair and reasonable offer guarantees employees a pay rise in line with the private sector and no compulsory redundancies, while delivering the reforms needed to address the long-term challenges facing the industry. “We encourage the RMT to put this new offer to its members and bring this dispute to an end.” While the RMT considers the pay offer, train unions have scheduled additional strikes. Following the first strikes in early January, another round will follow in February. Both ASLEF and RMT workers plan to walkout on Wednesday, February 1 and Friday, February 3. Altogether, national rail estimates the strikes will impact 19 train companies across the UK. They include: