Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho has shown off some marks on his back from cupping therapy ahead of Sunday’s crunch clash with Arsenal. The Argentina international will be hoping to start the fixture at the Emirates Stadium. Erik ten Hag’s side have been flying of late, but are now set for their biggest test of the season so far. Taking to Instagram, Garnacho shared two images. One was of himself in a restaurant with a woman, with the teenager accompanying it with a caption that read: “Happy birthday to the woman of my life, I love you.” And the second was himself at home, with Garnacho topless and his back covered in marks from cupping. To those not familiar with the practice, Express Sport has you covered. It is described as an ‘ancient form of alternative medicine’, in which a specialist puts cups on your skin for a few minutes to create suction. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big The practice reportedly helps with a number of things ranging from pain to blood flow, relaxation to inflammation. While not exactly visually pleasing, Garnacho was happy to show off the marks for the cameras. He also displayed his tattoo sleeve, with the teenager getting more ink since the beginning of the season. And Garnacho also donned some Cristiano Ronaldo underwear, too, despite the controversial way his former United team-mate left the club back in November. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Whether the 18-year-old, who has managed three goal involvements from eight Premier League matches this term, starts against Arsenal remains to be seen. But he has earned praise from manager Ten Hag for his recent performances, the Dutchman saying: “He has a skill that I don’t see many players in the Premier League having — he beats players one on one. “He’s learnt in the last months about how to play in a team, how to live, how to do the right things in the week, how to have the right attitude on the training ground and you see how he’s acting as a team player and with his individual skills that can make the difference. "Also for him, it’s to keep going in the process. It’s not done. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There is a lot to come. There is a lot of room for improvement with him but he can help, he can contribute on the highest level already and I’m really happy. “It’s a bonus for us as a club that you bring in young players and they can come not only into the squad but the team and I think that is a part of our project that has to contribute to our success.” Former United star Andy Cole, meanwhile, recently said Garnacho was a hotter prospect than Antony. "Garnacho excites me more to be honest,” said Cole when asked about Antony, who joined the club back in the summer. “I think he’s busy and aggressive when he gets on the ball and he always wants to take people on. “He looks to drop a shoulder, go past his defender and get crosses in or get his shots off. "As a centre forward like me, when you’ve got a winger like that who wants to put the ball in that makes my mind up early doors because you know you’re in the game. “I think he’s a really talented player and I’d love to see him get more action this season."