   Mr Motivator star Derrick Evans, 70, shared a hilarious anecdote about the time he met Prince William, 40, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The iconic GMTV fitness guru opened up about the encounter as he prepared to take on the challenge of running an impressive 26.2 miles this January in support of Prostate Cancer UK.      Derrick is a Jamaican-born British fitness instructor who helped people up and down the country during the Coronavirus pandemic. The star was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to health and fitness. When he travelled to Buckingham Palace to accept his MBE, Derrick revealed it was the Prince of Wales who had presented him with the prestigious award. READ MORE: Fern Britton inundated with support over ‘battered by life’ update     The celeb recalled how it was a “real honour” to receive such a special award for his services to fitness. “William was just so funny,” he revealed. “Because you get told the protocol of: ‘Five steps this direction, eight steps that way, the red carpet’s there, he comes to the edge… “‘And he will then pin the badge on you and he may say a few words,’” Derrick remembered being told ahead of his meeting with the royal. “Well, we ended up having a real laugh because he came off the red carpet and put his hand on my shoulder.       “He said I grew up with you and I always wanted to meet you, so - good to see you.” Derrick went on to explain how he drew a comparison between their respective jobs and contributions to the charitable sector. “I said, ‘Listen, you know, we are basically doing the same thing. You are trying to get people start talking about [mental health] and I believe in mental fitness and in physical fitness,’” Derrick reflected. “‘Those two things are very important and critical to me. Maybe we should have an alliance.’” READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her famous assets in plunging blazer [PICTURES] Andrew Neil aims dig at 'nightmare' Prince Harry after Taliban claims [NEWS] Stranger Things' Noah Schnapp comes out as gay after years 'in closet [NEWS]      The star then went on to share the Prince’s cheeky sense of humour, revealing: “He said to me, ‘If you think I’m going to wear a unitard you’re making a sad mistake!’” At this point, the TV icon started chuckling, as he added: “We couldn’t stop laughing about that.” “And I said, ‘That’s so funny, because I had one made up for you already!’” The star went on to reveal that he “didn’t believe” he had won the award at first when he first got the email.      “That was amazing, I couldn’t believe it when the email came in,” he remembered. “Actually, I was going to delete it but my wife said, ‘No, read all the way down to the bottom’. “So I read down to the bottom and I realised it was real. And it said you have to respond within 48 hours, which I duly did.” Mr. Motivator is taking on Run the Month: Marathon Edition for Prostate Cancer UK in January, completing 26.2 miles over the month to support the largest men’s health charity against a disease that affects one in four black men. To join him, sign up via runthemonthme.prostatecanceruk.org.     