Jake Paul still isn’t confident that Tommy Fury will turn up to their contest on February 26. After two pullouts in the past 14 months, Paul isn’t willing to put all his eggs in one basket and has UFC veteran Mike Perry on standby in case TNT doesn’t make it to fight night. Days before their first fight date in December 2021, Fury withdrew from their contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to the Brit being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. On both occasions, Paul found a backup opponent quickly with Tyron Woodley filling in for the first pullout and Hasim Rahman Jr the second, although the latter ended up missing weight, leading to the replacement bout being cancelled as well. Perry has missed weight once in his combat sports career – during his second to last pro MMA bout against Tim Means – but has a history of reliability, something Paul will be counting on given his lack of trust for Fury. “Yeah, look, a part of me definitely still doubts [Fury will fight],” said Paul stated at his launch press conference on Saturday night at OVO Arena Wembley in London. “And it’s scary and it’s annoying. And him not showing up to the face-to-face we were just supposed to do right now [at the press conference], it sucks. “And the kid’s not necessarily reliable. But the money’s good, man, for him. So, he would just be so dumb [to not fight]. And I think he’s probably tired of Molly making all the money in the relationship. He’s got a kid now, so he needs to help pay for some diapers.” MORE BOXING NEWS... British Mike Tyson Itauma on course to break icons record with big KO Fury and Ngannou 'make contact' as date teased for blockbuster clash Fury in position to fulfil Paul bet at Yarde vs Beterbiev show “We have Mike Perry on standby,” Paul added. “Let’s go Mike Perry! Yeah, he’s ready to jump in, in case Tommy pulls out.” Perry spent five years in the UFC before leaving the company in 2021 after losing four of his last five. He is now competing in bare-knuckle boxing for BKFC where he holds a 2-0 record, recently beating Bellator veteran Michael Page in London via a majority decision. The 31-year-old’s first combat sport was boxing and has one professional bout to his name already, losing to Kenneth McNeil back in March 2015.