Judd Trump faces Mark Williams for the Masters Snooker trophy and a £250,000 prize at the Alexandra Palace in London today. World No 4 Trump won the Masters in 2009 while Williams is a two-time champion but not since 2003. The pair go head-to-head this afternoon and evening in a first-to-10 final. The victory will take home £250,000, while the runner-up will have to settle for £100,000. Williams can join an elite club and become just the seventh players to win the Masters three times or more after Ronnie O'Sullivan (seven), Stephen Hendry (six), Mark Selby (three), Cliff Thorburn (three), Steve Davis (three) and Paul Hunter (three). Williams thrashed Jack Lisowski 6-0 in the semi-finals, having also eliminated O'Sullivan in the quarters. He is in his first Masters final since 2003. English potter Trump thrashed Stuart Bingham 6-1 in his own semi-final. He has only ever contested one final previously when he defeated O'Sullivan 10-4 three years ago. Sunday, January 15 LIVE SCORE: Judd Trump 3-1 Mark Williams (first to 10 frames) Sessions: 1pm-4pm, 7pm-10pm (all GMT) Trump seeks a 24th ranking title today, which would see him tie level with rival Williams. The Welshman said ahead of today's final: "I'm enjoying it, I'm in another final, especially after last year. "A lot of people said 'How would you get over that?' As soon as I walked out I was over it and I'm back in the final now. It's easy to win but when you lose you have to get over it. I've never been worried. "If I lost 6-5 from 5-0 up, it wouldn't have made any difference. I would have said 'Best of luck Jack!' and moved on." While Trump said after beating Bingham: "It was a bit scrappy in the end but I managed to get over the line." Asked if he's saving his best for the final, the Bristolian continued: "I hope so yeah. "It's been a bit scrappy so far, hopefully I can keep the momentum now. I felt a lot better in that game and the crowd support has been excellent all week. Hopefully some more in the final. "It doesn't get any better than this to be honest, this is probably my favourite event. Every event in the London area is rowdy. The more noise the better!"