Getting your coveted eight hours of sleep but still look exhausted come morning time? Your tired eyes could be a result of the darker days. Here's how to brighten them up for an instant anti-ager. FalseEyelashes.co.uk spoke to professional makeup artist Saffron Hughes to find out how women can make their eyes sparkle despite the gloomy skies. Saffron explained: A lack of vitamin D, which we get from the sun, slows the growth and release of red blood cells into our circulation. "Not getting enough vitamin D can not only hinder sleep in the first place, but also causes the under-eye skin to darken whether you’ve got your recommended eight hours or otherwise. "Our skin is also paler which creates a more drastic comparison to the shadows underneath the eyes making them more visible." READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine' Saffron's first tip was to de-puff the eyes with a "cool object", namely two spoons you’ve cooled in the fridge overnight. She explained: "Not prepping the eye area well enough can lead to makeup creasing throughout the day and make you appear even more tired. "The temperature reduces the puffiness, whereas the pressure of the spoons can encourage lymphatic drainage. This removes any excess fluid from underneath the eyes. "After your eyes are de-puffed, apply your usual eye cream to hydrate the area.” Next up, curl those lashes, as "bending the lashes away from the eye gives you the illusion of a wider, more awake eye". "Curled eyelashes are a basic but effective tactic in any professional makeup artist’s bag of tricks. "If you find your eyelashes aren’t long enough or holding their curl long enough to make an impact, consider applying natural strip or individual lashes instead." Applying a white or nude eyeliner to the waterline will also make the eye appear brighter, wider and more awake. READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others For very dark circles under the eye, colour corrector can work wonders, especially if your hydrating concealer doesn't do the trick. Saffron told False eyelashes: "For clients with deep blue eye circles, I’ll use a peach-toned colour corrector to counteract the blue colour underneath the eye. A small dab of peach coloured lipstick would work fine, too!" The expert recommended using concealer - but not just any old one - to disguise dark circles. But, try to avoid using a thick one, as this might "add extra weight underneath the eye and crease after a few hours". Instead go for a "light-reflecting" concealer that's both "sheer and hydrating". Finally, for bright, sparkly and wide-awake eyes, set your concealer with an illuminating powder should be the next step, "as it reflects the light and brightens the area". "A fine milled loose powder can also work, but tap off any excess and go in with a light-hand when applying. "Tired eyes are more likely to crease throughout the day so baking or applying a thicker powder may not be an option." If all else fails, distract from your dark under-eyes with a "striking" lip - who is going to notice your eye bags when your lips are a luscious ruby red?