Emmerdale's Mary Goskirk (played by Louise Jameson) is set to confide in Kim Tate (Claire King) about finding love. Mary, who is Rhona Goskirk's (Zoe Henry) mother on the ITV soap, has been single for a considerable amount of time and spoilers have revealed she is ready to put herself out there. However, a couple of disastrous dates will knock her confidence. Mary is due to confide in Rodney Blackstock (Patrick Mower) by opening up to him about downloading a dating app on her phone. She requests his help to pick a suitable match - but will Mary find the woman of her dreams? Mary has been single since first entering Emmerdale and last year she confided in Kim by revealing she was a lesbian. In upcoming scenes, Mary is determined to power through with her quest for love even though her date's appearance does not live up to her expectations. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update Mary is later left disappointed to have her hopes dashed when Joy turns out to be even less of a match than she thought. While the date did not go to plan with Joy, Mary has not given up on love and has another date planned. However, things don't go well for her as that date never turns up for a drink. Not knowing where to turn, Mary decides to speak to Kim about her dating disasters as of late.  The self-assured businesswoman advises Mary to start channelling confidence to attract the right sort of woman. Will it be the third time lucky for Mary following her conversation with Kim? Mary actress Louise addressed the character's love life last year with Inside Soap. She shared: "I strongly suspect there's going to be a love interest. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'predict' Nicky sparks unlikely romance after rejection [THEORY]Emmerdale's Fiona Wade breaks silence on quitting Priya Sharma role [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Cathy Hope lies to dad Bob after hiding health battle [LATEST] "I wondered if it could be Kim, but that might spoil the friendship, so I reckon they will bring in someone new." Emmerdale fans will remember Kim tied the knot with Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) last October as part of the soap's 50th-anniversary celebrations. In classic Kim style, the Emmerdale stalwart rode to the village church on a white horse wearing a top hat and smart red coat. A disastrous storm swept through the Yorkshire Dales following the lavish ceremony, leaving Kim's love rival Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) dead.   Kim and Will's marriage may have gotten off to a turbulent start, but the couple appear to be in a good place now. Will Kim and Will go the distance, or could her head be swayed by Mary in upcoming scenes? Kim has also been growing closer to newcomer Caleb Milligan (Will Ash) in recent scenes - should Will feel threatened by him? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX.  