Chelsea are closing in on a £112million deal to sign Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez in the January transfer window. And the 21-year-old is braced for punishment after seemingly doing all he can to force through a lucrative move to England this month. Todd Boehly is ready to hand Graham Potter a major boost in his first transfer window as Chelsea's head coach by smashing the Premier League's transfer record. Manchester City paid a new league-high transfer fee when they splashed £100m to sign Jack Grealish from Aston Villa in the summer of 2021. But the Blues will become the second club to sanction a nine-figure deal just months after backing Thomas Tuchel with £273m in the transfer market. Reports claim Chelsea, among the clubs on UEFA's financial watch list, want to pay the £112m in instalments. However, Benfica are reluctant to accept a deal with that structure, considering they owe River Plate 25 per cent of the total transfer fee of his next move. And Fernandez has reportedly taken his own measures to ensure a Stamford Bridge switch goes through before the end of the month. JUST IN: West Ham star Declan Rice has transfer preference with Chelsea keen  Fernandez returned to Benfica for club duty at the end of December after celebrating his World Cup win with Argentina, in which he was named FIFA's Young Player of the Tournament. But after featuring in the Primeira Liga game against Braga on December 30, he flew back to his homeland to celebrate New Year's Eve without Benfica's permission. And he has yet to return in 2023, missing training twice last week because he believes he has played his final game for the club, according to the Evening Standard. The South American starlet is expected to receive punishment for his actions, but he and other parties involved hope to conclude negotiations over a Chelsea transfer this week. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo has 'Newcastle clause' in Saudi contract  Chelsea have already completed one signing in January, welcoming Molde striker David Datro Fofana to the club in a deal worth around £10m. The Blues are also on the verge of completing the £35m signing of AS Monaco centre-back Benoit Badiashile, who is set to complete his medical in London. Vasco da Gama's 18-year-old midfielder Andrey Santos is expected to be among Potter's first four acquisitions. Fernandez could very well be the biggest switch of 2023, though, and will rocket-launch Chelsea's hopes of an unlikely top-four finish. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here