A heartbroken expecting mother, has written a tearful letter to her recently deceased husband. Connor Rissel unexpectedly died in his sleep on Thursday morning. Shannon shared the tribute to the "love of her life" who had "such a big heart" on Instagram. The pair had only got married in September 2022 after five years together. They lived in Gorokon, on NSW's Central Coast. The couple had just celebrated finding out Shannen was pregnant with their first child due in August. "It is with the heaviest heart that I write these words. "My husband, Connor passed away unexpectedly in his sleep yesterday morning," Ms Rissel wrote on Friday. "Connor was the love of my life, he was the best husband, the best friend, the best family member, the best fur baby daddy and he was also going to become a father this year in August." She said Connor loved to be outdoors, whether that be surfing or just in the water at the beach. "He was always trying to live an exciting life that he was proud of, trying new things like fly fishing, he worked hard, he loved being creative with his art and music," she said. "He gave his whole heart to those he loved and had such a huge heart, empathy and care for people he met," she added. "He was the most rare person you could meet and I am so proud that I got to become his wife and spend 5 years, and 4 months with him. "The memories that we have I will cherish forever and I will live the rest of my days reflecting on ways I can be more like him. "And when I welcome our baby into the world he or she will be surrounded by everyone that loved him, to share memories about how beautiful of a person he was and his memories will live on." There were over 200 comments on Facebook in tribute to the dad-to-be following his tragic death. "Shannen I am so incredibly sorry for your loss, my heart is so broken for you. Thinking of you in this incredibly heart breaking time," one person wrote. "Connor and I were good mates in high school. I am so sorry for your loss and my thoughts are with you and your family. I have great memories of Connor, truly one of a kind," a second posted.