Victoria Beckham took to Instagram on Monday morning to share a birthday message to her daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz who turns 28 today. The former Spice Girl shared an old photograph of the pair laughing together while sitting at the dinner table. Along with the rare snap of them together, Victoria wrote in the caption: "Happy Birthday @NicolaAnnePeltzBeckham [heart emoji] Hope you have a lovely day!!! X" (sic) In the photograph, Nicola still had blonde hair and was wearing the same outfit from when Brooklyn proposed to her in 2020, suggesting it was taken on the same day. Nicola and Victoria have not been publicly photographed together since September 2022 when the family attended Victoria's fashion show in Paris. Nicola is yet to respond to Victoria's birthday message, but hundreds of fans have already taken to the comments. READ MORE:James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career Hayley praised: "Cute pic." While Karma said: "This is in-law goals." And a user named Victoria penned: "After all these royal fights it’s a breath of fresh air to see their two trying to step above all their pride to a family reunion because their is no such conflicts that could be stronger that family bond." (sic) However, some eagle-eyed followers pointed out that Victoria did not include her trademark sign-off "Kisses VB" in the post. Bravomalibu commented: "So cold have a lovely day [eye rolling emoji]." (sic) And Elaine quizzed: "No we love you then ????" (sic) Victoria's post comes amid rumours of a dispute between the pair. Following mounting speculation of a rift, Nicola spoke out and refuted claims of a "feud", however she did admit that "no family is perfect". DON'T MISSCatherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs[PICTURES]Zara and Mike Tindall party with Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa in Oz[LATEST]Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’[INSIGHT] In an interview with The Times in October, the actress said: "It's not a feud! I keep seeing everywhere that word, feud, feud, feud! "I mean, maybe they picked up on something? And now they're labelling it feud." She added that she thinks the rumours began when she did not wear the wedding dress Victoria had made for her April wedding. While Nicola says she "really wanted to wear it" it is thought that the atelier could not make the dress in time.  Instead, Nicola wore a couture Valentino gown. In a separate interview with Variety, Brooklyn added: "I’ve learned they’re always going to try to write stuff like that. "They’re always going to try and put people down. But everyone gets along, which is good.”