Failure to make a compromise with Republicans could result in the US defaulting for the first time in history, Joe Biden has been warned. The US government is set to hit its debt limit on Thursday, meaning it is not allowed to borrow any more money unless Congress agrees to alter the $31.4tn (£25.4tn) cap. This is not an unusual situation, with the debt limit raised 78 times since 1960 - but skyhigh tensions in the Republican-controlled House have sparked fears of an historic default.  Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has said she is willing to resort to "extraordinary measures", while Jason Furman, former Council of Economic Advisors chair, warned the consequences of defaulting would be "economically catastrophic" for the US. Furman said: "This week is really just the starting gun of the process. These are called extraordinary measures, they've been done regularly since the 1980s, and they're mildly harmful, I wish we didn't have to do them. "But they're not really that serious – this is really just a way to remind us this conversation needs to start, it needs to start really quickly and it needs Congress to do its job, and raise the debt limit." He continued: "That would be economically catastrophic. We've had government shutdowns before; that is only a small portion of the Government stopping. "This would be effectively a default. It could raise our borrowing costs for decades to come, which would, ironically, actually raise our Government spending and raise our debt. JUST IN: Ready for Ron! DeSantis backers throw $3.3m behind Republican to take on Trump in 2024 "It's not really two sides here, it's really a simple thing that Congress needs to do. They've done it over and over again, Democrats have done it for President Trump so it's really the House Republicans that need to get their act together. Pass this and then they can have a negotiation on spending bills." He added: "I think basically you need Kevin McCarthy to allow Democrats plus enough Republicans to have this pass the house. "That's the only real formula that's workable here. The sooner we get to it, the better.” House Republicans are saying they want large spending cuts to be included in any vote paying for the Government's past bills and obligations. READ MORE: Ana Walshe's husband has chilling Google search history listed Biden insists on a clean increase to the debt limit so that existing financial commitments can be sustained, refusing to even start talks with Republicans. White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said it's their “constitutional responsibility” to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. Jean-Pierre said: "We're just not going to negotiate that. They should feel the responsibility.” McCarthy is calling for negotiations that he believes will lead to spending cuts. It's unclear how much he wants to trim and if his fellow Republicans would support any deal after a testy start to the new Congress that required 15 rounds of voting to elect McCarthy speaker. DON'T MISS:Idaho investigators found 'reddish stains' at suspect's home [INSIGHT]US tipped to exploit UK weakness to for 'advantageous' Brussels deal [ANALYSIS]Biden slammed as DC residents 'concerned he's hiding something' [REPORT] McCarthy said the President needs to recognise the political realities that come with a divided government. The House Speaker equated the debt ceiling to a credit card limit and called for a fiscal restraint that did not occur under Trump, who in 2019 signed a bipartisan suspension of the debt ceiling. McCarthy said: “Why create a crisis over this? "I mean, we’ve got a Republican House, a Democratic Senate. We’ve got the president there. I think it’s arrogance to say, ‘Oh, we’re not going to negotiate about pretty much anything’ and especially when it comes to funding.” Yellen was introducing a series of accounting manoeuvres known as “extraordinary measures" on Thursday to put a hold on contributions and investment redemptions for Government workers' retirement and health care funds. The Treasury Department is hoping that the measures will give the Government enough financial space to handle its day-to-day expenses until roughly June.