Prince Harry, 38, received praise from Caroline Flack's friends after an excerpt from his upcoming book, Spare, revealed details of his relationship with her. Their comments came after the Duke of Sussex angered the former manager of the Love Island presenter, who took her own life in 2020. Harry reportedly lifted the lid on how he met the former X Factor presenter during a night out with a mutual friend in 2009. Caroline’s friends have taken to social media to react to the excerpts, which sparked a call for the Duke to be stripped of his titles from the TV star’s former agent. Sam Campbell, co-founder of Bleach London, shared a headline reporting Caroline's publicist calling Harry's book “appalling” and wrote: "How are we turning the most famous man in the world taking the opportunity to say kind things about what a legend she was and calling out what the press did to her into a negative.” She concluded: “Completely disagree. Thank you Harry x." Lou Teasdale, who Caroline often visited during the weeks prior to her death, reposted Sam's Instagram Story and added: “Prince Charming." Publicist Alex Mullen slammed Harry’s remarks as “gross”, as he accused him of revealing details of Caroline’s private life. He said in an Instagram post: “It’s absolutely gross for Prince Harry to reveal such private details about Caroline Flack.” Alex continued: “The way in which the press spoke about her at that time and the reason they split are both very sad and it’s disgusting he’s brought up old long forgotten slurs she had to suffer in full view of the public around the world. "Of course Caroline reacted to them with humour and grace but privately she was deeply hurt; just the first of many injustices she didn’t deserve. "Harry’s decision to remind all of the terrible things said about her to help sell his appalling book is grotesque," added the creative director. Alex went on to claim the Duke “knows nothing” about Caroline’s reason to take her own life, adding that he had been “blaming the press because that’s what he read about it”. He continued: "Perhaps he should be considering how he and Meghan Markle might have caused Queen Elizabeth II pain just as she lost her husband of 70 years and while she was on the path to her final goodbye.” DONT MISS:Joe Sugg admitted he and Dianne Buswell were 'taking it day by day' [PHOTOS]Amanda Owen admits sending her kids to school 'smelling of silage' [NEWS]Fern Britton inundated with support over ‘battered by life’ update [LATEST] Alex went on to call on the Royal Family to strip Harry of all titles “immediately”. In an excerpt of Spare, Harry reportedly admitted Caroline “wasn't taken aback that I didn't recognise her”, before branding her a “funny, sweet and cool” woman. Harry wrote in an excerpt seen by Us Weekly: "Very soon after they papped me and Flack, those photos set off a frenzy. “Within hours a mob was camped outside Flack’s parents’ house, and all her friends’ houses, and her grandparents’ house. "She was described in one paper as my ‘bit of rough’, because she once worked in a factory or something. “Jesus, I thought, are we really such a country of insufferable snobs?" Harry added. Caroline tragically died in her north London flat on February 15, 2020. A family statement released at the time read: "We can confirm that our Caroline passed away today on the 15th February. "We would ask that the press both respect the privacy of the family at this difficult time."