As we move swiftly into 2023 our attention is turning to our big plans - which probably include travel and seeking out new experiences - and this could be the year to try a cruise, sailing out of ports across the UK. For family-run company Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines the joy of the journey is paramount, with great onboard experiences for everyone, as well as opportunities to soak up the culture and history of some incredible locations around the world. Memorable destinations and experiences await guests leaving from ports in Edinburgh, Liverpool, Newcastle and Southampton including Scandinavia and northern Europe. Here you can enjoy spectacular highland and fjordland scenes, natural wonders in Iceland and Arctic Norway and picturesque German European city breaks, Iceland, the Mediterranean, Baltic and Adriatic. There’s even a choice of epic grand voyages and world cruises - once-in-a-lifetime journeys to inspirational, far-flung destinations, such as Africa and islands of the Indian Ocean and transatlantic crossings to the gorgeous Caribbean and the Americas.  Smaller ships mean passengers will get the opportunity to visit some unusual and interesting places off the beaten track. There will also be plenty of time to hop off the ship and spend hours meandering around sun-soaked islands, culture-rich capitals or Arctic settlements - there is a world waiting to be explored. Whether you want to indulge in pure relaxation or exhilarating exploration, somewhere rich in fascinating history and culture, or a haven for incredible flora and fauna, Fred. Olsen has cruise destinations to suit every want and need.   Guests can look ahead to adventures to Scandinavia, the Baltic, Europe or stay closer to home in the UK, with each cruise curated by dedicated specialist itinerary planners to make sure you are visiting at a time of year to experience something truly special. They take great pride in making each journey bespoke, ensuring guests see hidden gems as well as highlights on each of their sailings. It is a passion that has seen them named Best for Itineraries by Cruise Critic five times. Along with researching every port in detail, their team plan a range of sailings that coincide with seasonal and special events, such as the Midnight Sun and the Northern Lights, or to catch the waterfalls of Norway at their strongest in the spring. Anyone who books before January 31 will be able to take advantage of some great savings, with sailing starting from £499 per person, plus there is a choice of a free all-inclusive drinks package or onboard spending credit. Solo travellers can sail from £699 per person. The offers apply to more than 90 different sailings, with choices of between 5 and 29 nights including and there are various categories to choose from such as nature and wildlife cruises, history and culture and shorter breaks and warmer climates. Highlights include including Bolette’s 10-night Historical Old Towns of Northern Europe cruise leaving Newcastle on May 3 it will go via Sweden, Estonia, Latvia, Poland and Germany. Prices start from £1,299 per person and you can enjoy free drinks or on board spend. Bolette's T2312 Historical Old Towns of Northern Europe cruise. Bolette’s six-night Discover Northern Spain cruise. Leaving on November 13, it will go via Gijon, Bilbao, the Royal Palace of Magdelena and Santander. Prices start from £499 per person and solo from £699 per person. You can enjoy free drinks or on-board spend. Bolette's T2329 'Discover Northern Spain cruise. Borealis 25-night Renaissance Italy, the Adriatic and Amalfi Coast cruise. Leaving on May 22, it sails to Cartegena in Spain, Livorno, Civitavecchia, Sorrento, the Amalfi coast and Capri, the Strait of Messina and Venice in Italy, Croatia, the Bay of Kotor and Kotor in Montenegro, Valletta in Malta and Malaga in Spain. Prices start from £3,999 per person. Enjoy free drinks or on-board spend. Borealis' S2309 Renaissance Italy, the Adriatic and Amalfi Coast cruise. Balmoral 13-night Medieval Old Towns and Stockholm Archipelago cruise from June 2. It will visit Gdansk in Poland, Visby in Poland, Riga in Latvia, Saaremee and Tallinn in Estonia, Stockholm and its archipelago, along with Warnemude in Germany and Copenhapen in Denmark. Prices start at £1,999 per person and you can enjoy free drinks or on-board spend. Fred. Olsen takes your experience personally. It believes smaller is better and has fewer guests on board so the service is personal and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. You don’t just travel from A to B with Fred. Olsen, as cruises are planned with scenic discovery routes in mind - designed to take in all the islands, ports, waterways, lochs and lakes, fjords and interesting seascapes. You can also join the ship's bridge team to learn more about chart reading or join in with their “Audience With” interviews with the Captain and Officers on board. When it comes to dining on board a Fred. Olsen cruise ship, there is a vibrant choice of dishes from around the world and specialities from the destinations you are visiting. The elegant main restaurants are at the heart of the Fred. Olsen dining experience and are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, including the option for a five-course à la carte menu or buffet. For further information about Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines trips and offers visit the website  