Bill Turnbull's daughter Flora has set herself the challenge to run the London Marathon in memory of her father who died last year, aged 66. On Wednesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast, she shared how much her father meant to her and how "lucky" she was to have him before he died of prostate cancer. Following her interview, presenter Sally Nugent shared how much she missed her much-loved late colleague.  After a pre-recorded interview with Bill's daughter aired, Sally told viewers: "He was our boss for a long time but he really loved the boss, Bruce Springstein very much. "So it is really lovely to hear from Flora that she is listening to Bruce as she runs." Co-host Nina Warhurst admitted she did not know Bill "nearly as well" as Sally but found him to be a larger than life character. Reflecting on Bill's personality, Sally said: "He was really private but really wise. He always had the best advice. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star "He knew what to do in any crisis, he was super calm. And as with the advice he gave Flora when she had that break-up, he was just really good at life advice." Nina added: "It was a brilliant dad moment to say to your daughter, 'Rely on yourself.'" A sombre Sally looked down to the floor and concluded: "We really miss him." Her comments come following Flora's interview about running the marathon for Bill.  Flora explained she needed to have a purpose this year and wanted to "remember dad in the most purposeful way possible". She felt running the marathon would highlight her cause for Prostate Cancer UK. Bill died five years after being diagnosed with prostate cancer at his Suffolk home surrounded by friends and family. "He was the real light of our lives really and he was the centre of our family so losing him has been a huge loss for us," Flora said. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent slaps down BBC co-star over 'inappropriate' comment [LATEST]Sally Nugent unable to speak as 'ugliest dog' leaves host in hysterics [MUST SEE]Here's a look at BBC Breakfast Sally Nugent's partner [EXPLAINER] "Equally, I feel so incredibly lucky to have had him as a father." Flora said she will never forget one piece of advice Bill gave her after she broke up with a former boyfriend at university. "I remember saying quite dramatically in the car, 'Who will I rely on now?' "I can remember the moment very clearly because dad was driving but he just said to me, 'You will rely on yourself.'  "That was amazing because I remember thinking he'd say, 'Wow, you'll rely on us, of course, you'll rely on us as we are your parents and we will be there whenever you need us.' "But he did not want to do that, I think he was a very empowering father and he wanted me to feel like I had that inner strength so I really feel like that exemplifies what he was like as a dad." Bill was known as a very private person, but he went public with his cancer diagnosis to raise awareness. BBC Breakfast continues daily on BBC One between 6am and 9am. 