Drivers are not the only ones on the road who have to abide by the Highway Code and other rules. Cyclists could be hit with massive fines if they do not use the roads correctly in a safe and responsible manner. Cyclists are prohibited from riding in a “dangerous, careless or inconsiderate manner”. Under the Road Traffic Act 1998, dangerous cycling comes with a maximum fine of £2,500, with cyclists facing a £1,000 fine for careless cycling. Riding on the pavement is also discouraged in the Highway Code and can come with a £500 fine. READ MORE: EV driver fined £100 after getting stuck in a charging queue for hours Cyclists must have white front and red rear lights lit when riding at night. It must also be fitted with a red rear reflector and amber pedal reflectors, if manufactured after October 1, 1985. Flashing lights are permitted but it is recommended that cyclists who are riding in areas without street lighting use a steady front lamp. DON'T MISS Driver warned of wing mirror mistake that could lead to car theft [WARNING] Drivers slam E10 as a 'joke' with some vowing to return to E5 [INSIGHT] Electric cars can be taken to a car wash - popular EV myths busted [REVEAL] While there are no laws on how fast a cyclist can travel, riders should attempt to stay at a sensible speed or risk fines. Rule 66 of The Highway Codes states: “You should avoid any actions that could reduce your control of your cycle.” Getting stopped for careless cycling could see them fined £1,000. READ MORE: Electric car sales reach record high and overtake diesel Like drivers, cyclists must abide by traffic signals, specifically red lights. This applies to traffic light junctions and at cycle-only crossings where they must not cross the stop line when the red light is there. In the Highway Code, Rule 71, clarifies that some roads have an advanced stop line, in which case drivers can cross the first stop line, but not the final line.  For the groups of riders in the Tour de France, this isn’t a problem as roads are shut down for the race. But for all other road users, Rule 66 makes clear that cyclists should be “considerate” of the needs of other road users when riding in groups. They can ride two abreast and it can be safer to do so, particularly in larger groups or when accompanying children or less experienced riders. 