However, it has now emerged that the Duke of Sussex was left speechless following a very "cryptic" reply for his late grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, after he told the former monarch about his plans to marry Meghan during a family shooting trip in Sandringham. After telling his most trusted advisors about his plans, the 38-year-old was soon informed that he needed to follow royal rules, with the top one being asking the Queen for permission. However, in his new memoir, titled Spare, the Duke expressed his annoyance at having to follow this rule. He claimed that having to ask the late Queen for permission "didn't make any sense" as he was a grown man. With Harry feeling unhappy with having to follow such rule, when he did find a moment to tell his grandmother, the tone, at which he used, didn't go unnoticed. The Queen reportedly offered a short reply, expressing a simialr tone to that of her grandson - which left Harry speechless. READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' children's book In his memoir, Harry admits he felt nervous over the reply, as a 'no' would have caused problems in his relationship with the former US actress. The moment he chose, on the family trip, was poignant as he hoped the late Queen would be in a "good mood". Harry, who admitted that his mind was racing in the lead-up to asking his grandmother, recalled his exact words. He claimed he remembered telling the late Queen how much he loved Meghan and that he wanted to marry her. He added that he then told that he was told that he had to ask her permission, to which she replied, "you have to?".  There was reportedly a moment of silence before she replied: "Well then, I suppose I have to say yes". Harry admits that he was quite thrown off by her answer, adding that he wondered if she was being "sarcastic", "ironic", or "deliberately cryptic". In the book, he said: "I'd never known Granny to do any wordplay and this would be a surpassing bizarre moment". Harry and Meghan got married on May 19, 2018 in Windsor. The late Queen passed away on September 8, 2022 in Scotland, with Harry arriving at Balmoral Castle two hours after his grandmother passed away. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry’s memoir made Royal Family ‘stronger and more respected’ (REVEAL)Has your opinion of the Royal Family changed since Spare? POLL (POLL)Harry barely conceals 'anger' over lies about Meghan (INSIGHT) In his book, Harry said that his father King Charles III called him to explain that "Granny’s health had taken a turn". In his memoir, Harry wrote: "I advanced with uncertainty and saw her. I stayed still, watching her carefully for a good while. "I whispered that I hoped she was happy and that she was with Grandfather now. "I said that I admired her for having carried out her duties until the end. The Jubilee, the welcoming of the new Prime Minister."