A law student was told he sounded as if he was feeling a bit sorry for himself on a 111 call two days before he died. Musician David Nash died after a series of remote consultations with doctors and nurses should have had an urgent face-to-face appointment after his fourth and final contact, a GP expert has told a coroner. Mr Nash, 26, had four phone consultations with a Leeds GP practice over a 19-day period in October and November 2020, an inquest in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, heard on Monday (January 16). The court heard Mr Nash's condition deteriorated dramatically after the final consultation on November 2 and he was taken to hospital by ambulance after a series of NHS 111 calls. He died two days later. It was later found he had developed the serious bacterial infection mastoiditis in his ear which caused an abscess on his brain, leading to his death. Assistant coroner Abigail Combes read a statement from GP expert Alastair Bint, who said a nurse should have organised an urgent in-patient appointment after a phone consultation on November 2 2020. Dr Bint said he did not criticise the remote nature of Mr Nash's first three consultations on October 14, 23 and 28. But the expert concluded Mr Nash's consultation with advanced nurse practitioner Lynne White on November 2 should have generated a face-to-face appointment which is likely have led to a hospital admission. Dr Bint said Mr Nash's presentation of fever, neck stiffness and night-time headaches were "red flags" and the nurse's diagnosis of a flu-like virus was "not safe". He said: "This was a patient that needed to be seen in person." READ ABOUT SADIQ KHAN MANIPULATING ULEZ RESULTS Dr Bint said it required "an urgent face-to-face assessment that morning". He added: "This was a patient demonstrating some significant red flags and needed to be seen. "Had he been seen in person, it seems likely to me he would've been admitted to hospital." In his report, the doctor said he was asked to comment on whether the final outcome would have been different if Mr Nash had been seen face-to-face. DON'T MISS: White House report no visitor logs for Joe Biden’s home [REPORT] Meghan can 'smell weakness' in Charles as she 'seeks revenge' [LATEST] Diana's therapist warns against 'venting all feelings to all people [REVEALED] He noted the patient would have been in hospital 10 hours earlier, but it was for a neurosurgical expert to comment on whether the outcome would have been different. Dr Bint's report stressed the NHS was dealing with an unprecedented situation at the time - during the Covid pandemic - and NHS England advice was for GP patients to be seen remotely in most cases. The inquest heard Mr Nash's first phone consultation with the Burley Park Medical Practice was on October 14 when he told GP Jenny Carrick he had been troubled by lumps on his neck. Dr Carrick arranged for him to have a blood test booked in for November 2. His second consultation was with advanced nurse practitioner Amy Linstrum, when he described a painful and hot right ear. Ms Linstrum prescribed antibiotic ear drops. The third consultation was with locum GP Manjoor Shahid on October 28. Mr Nash told the doctor he had blood in his urine and he was diagnosed with a urinary tract infection. In her evidence read to the court, nurse Lynne White said she accepted when she told Mr Nash on November 2 "you're sounding like you're feeling a bit sorry for yourself, are you feeling a bit rotten", it appeared now as if she was being dismissive. But she insisted she was simply reflecting that the patient seemed unwell. Mr Nash's parents, Andrew and Anne Nash, from Nantwich in Cheshire, have campaigned to find out whether the mastoiditis would have been identified and easily treated with antibiotics if their son had undergone a face-to-face examination earlier. They have described how Mr Nash had five "shambolic" calls on November 2 with the NHS 111 system before being taken to St James's Hospital in Leeds by ambulance in a confused state, where he fell when he was left alone, causing an injury to his head. Mr Nash died on November 4, 2020, despite efforts to save him by neurosurgeons at Leeds General Infirmary. He had just started the second year of a law degree at Leeds University when he died after a number of years as a drummer on Leeds's music scene, touring Europe with his band Weirds and recording an album. His mother read a pen-portrait of her son to the court on Monday. She said she was "eternally grateful for an amazing 26 years of love and hilarity". Mrs Nash said: "Your huge smile, your compassion and your ability to enjoy every moment could never be replicated."