The majority of Britons think Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be banned from the King's coronation, a new poll suggests. The survey by Techne exclusively for Express.co.uk found 76 percent of respondents say the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should not be allowed to attend the event, which will see Charles crowned alongside Camilla in front of hundreds of guests. Some 18 percent of respondents to the poll of 1,624 British adults carried out from December 21 to 22 said the Sussexes should be invited. Six percent did not know. Older people were more likely than their younger counterparts to back a ban on Harry and Meghan attending, with 86 percent of over-64s saying yes compared to 68 percent of 18 to 34-year-olds. There was little difference among Tory and Labour voters, with 80 percent and 76 percent respectively saying they should not be guests at Charles's coronation. Brexiteers and Remainers were also largely in agreement, with 79 percent of Leavers and 76 percent of Remain voters against the Sussexes making an appearance at the event. It comes after the Montecito-based pair made a series of fresh claims about the royals in their explosive Netflix series, which dropped last month. And the Royal Family will be bracing for further revelations in the Duke's tell-all memoir - billed as a book of "raw, unflinching honesty" - which is released globally on January 10. Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have so far remained silent following the Sussexes' six-hour Netflix marathon. But speculation is high over whether the couple, who quit royal duties in 2020 for a new life in the US, will attend the coronation at Westminster Abbey in London on May 6. They will reportedly still be invited despite damaging claims levelled at the Royal Family in their documentary. Guest lists for the religious affair have yet to be drawn up, but a source last month told The Telegraph: "All members of the family will be welcome." Buckingham Palace declined to comment. But a source said of the King: "He loves both his sons." The Palace has said the ceremony will be "rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry" but also "reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future". May 6 is also the birthday of Harry and Meghan's son Archie, who will be turning four. It comes as the Sussexes reportedly want to focus on healing the royal rift following the release of Spare on January 10. The couple, who live in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet, last stepped out in public with members of the Royal Family for the late Queen's funeral in September. They also attended Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June but kept a low profile during the extended bank holiday weekend. 