British UFC star Arnold Allen is set to face the legendary Max Holloway in April in a huge opportunity to announce himself as one of the elite fighters in the promotion. Allen remains undefeated since joining the UFC in 2015 and has recent impressive wins over Dan Hooker and Calvin Kattar which saw him rise to #4 in the featherweight rankings. He now looks set to face Holloway - who was named by Joe Rogan as the greatest featherweight of all-time - before Alexander Volkanovski.  Volaknovski has now defeated Holloway three times, although one came in controversial fashion with many believing Holloway should have been given the judges decision. But after dominating the division, Volkanovski is now set to move to lightweight to face current champion Islam Makhachev. That could leave the featherweight class in limbo, with Dana White announcing that two contenders will fight for the interim belt. But surprisingly, both Holloway and Arnold were snubbed in that, with the fight being held between Yair Rodriguez and Josh Emmett. But with Arnold and Holloway now set to fight each other, the winner will likely be in line for a title shot - should Volkanovski choose to give up the strap to move to lightweight if he defeats Makhachev. READ MORE: Conor McGregor called out by UFC legend ahead of welterweight return Allen is currently on a 10-win streak in the UFC, tied with Volkanovski for the current longest streak. But both men are the underdogs in their upcoming fights. For Allen, it will certainly be the most difficult fight of his career, coming up against the legendary Hawaiian, who has a 23-7 record and was on a 13-fight win streak before attempting to move up to lightweight himself when he faced Dustin Poirier. Holloway has recent wins over Kattar and Rodriguez, having won 10 of his 23 bouts by way of knockout, being recognised as one of the more versatile and unpredictable strikers in the sport. DON'T MISS:  Allen has only fought three rounds in the last two years - winning his bout with Hooker in London in the first round back in March, before his fight with Kattar ended after the American suffered a knee injury. Rodriguez and Emmett are set to fight for the interim title on the same night that Volkanovski will face Makhachev - at UFC 284 in Australia on Feberuary 11.