Tottenham are set to be active on deadline day with Antonio Conte still keen to alter his squad before the transfer window slams shut at 11pm. Spurs are believed to be hoping to conduct business in both directions with players moving on to make room for new faces. Tottenham have already been busy over the course of January with Conte keen to bring new players in to help arrest an alarming slump in form that has seen the club take just four wins in their last 11 Premier League games. While much has been going on behind the scenes, Arnaut Danjuma is the only player to join this month after the club hijacked his loan move to Everton at the 11th hour. The Dutch international will now reside in north London until the end of the season and has hit the ground running with a goal on his debut in the FA Cup against Preston. There have not been much in the way of departures either, with Bryan Gil the only player to leave so far. The Spaniard had found himself in the starting line-up more often in recent weeks but the arrival of Danjuma and Dejan Kulusevski’s return to fitness means he has been allowed to rejoin former club Sevilla on loan until the end of the campaign. Much of the club’s deadline day business looks to revolve around the right-wing-back position, an area of real weakness in the last six months. Pedro Porro is Conte’s top target and it looks as if a move will be completed despite reports on Monday morning suggesting it was in tatters. Fabrizio Romano states the deal has now been revived after lengthy meetings. A £39.5million fee has been agreed with the player flying to London today to complete a medical as he earns his dream move back to the Premier League. Porro’s arrival is set to push Djed Spence even further down the club’s pecking order and the England U-21 international is likely to leave north London on loan before the window slams shut. The player is widely reported to have chosen Rennes as his destination despite interest from a host of Premier League clubs. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Tottenham are also expected to look to the future and are likely to complete a deal for 19-year-old Chelsea striker Jude Soonsup-Bell. The club have reportedly already agreed a fee for his services according to the Evening Standard and he will initially join the Lilywhites academy side. Tottenham will be a club to closer monitor on deadline day as Conte seeks to make the final alterations to his squad ahead of the second half of the season.