With a new cast of young stars hoping to take on the mantle left by the likes of Ashton Kutcher, Wilmer Valderrama, Mila Kunis and other That ‘70s Show stalwarts, That ‘90s Show debuted on Netflix this past week to reunite viewers with the legendary Kitty (played by Debra Jo Rupp) and Red Forman (Kurtwood Smith). While fans got to meet a new batch of teens led by Leia Forman (Callie Haverda), there was still space in the cast for a number of throwbacks. Several That ‘70s Show star reprised their roles in Netflix’s sitcom reboot, including Mila Kunis’ Jackie Burkhart and Kutcher’s Michael Kelso. And while each reunion sparked a frenzy among the fandom, there was on which led to plenty of laughs in the show’s finale. Fez (Wilmer Valderrama) reappeared in That ‘90s Show as the boss of his very own chain of hair salons and had also kicked off a romance with Sherri Runck (Andrea Anders). But in the finale, he finally came face to face with an old nemesis when another familiar figure returned - Fenton (Jim Rash). READ MORE: Nico Parker hits out at The Last of Us casting backlash 'I don't care' The duo’s petty but hilarious rivalry was still plain to see all these years on when Fenton entered the fray as Sherri’s landlord. Their tit-for-tat exchange prompted raucous laughter from the studio audience as Valderrama and Rash slipped effortlessly back into their characters. It also led to fans at home applauding the two, including one fan who tagged Valderrama directly on Instagram. “The best fight,” followed by a love heart emoji, the fan wrote over the top of an image of Fez and Fenton. Valderrama took the opportunity to share this with his social media followers with an almighty tease. “You ain’t lying!” Valderrama replied to the fan before hinting: “@jimrash spin off? LOL.” Could Valderrama really be open to popping up as Fez again opposite arch nemesis Fenton? For now, though, fans will be hoping Netflix gives That ‘90s Show the green light for a second run, which could also tee up a return for Fez. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Sam Heughan ‘couldn’t find Jamie’s voice’ in job struggleThe Daily Show fans call for Leslie Jones to be made permanent host 1000lb Sisters fans slam Amy's behaviour as Tammy made into 'villain' And judging by the reception Fez and the first season as a whole received after its premiere, it wouldn’t seem an unlikely possibility. Taking to Twitter, @Triplet2_Jean praised Valderrama’s stint: “Fez carried that 70s show and he is now carrying that 90s show #That90sShow,” followed by laughing emojis.   Meanwhile, Dan Pearce also heaped the plaudits on Valderrama: “I love everything about Fez in #That90sShow!” Valencia Foxx concurred: “Okay but the fact that Wilmer Valderama can still do the Fez voice after so long is impressive #That90sShow.” And @lifesizebrat_ weighed in: “This by far is the best part of the whole show seeing Fez and Fenton go at it again! #That90sShow.” That ‘90s Show is available to stream on Netflix now.