Astrologer Patsy Bennett from dating website Seeking shared the love and relationship prediction for each star sign as well as the signs that are most likely to find a special connection and meet someone new this year. For Aries, this is the year to be bold and leave the comfort zone in the love stakes, as "your efforts to find love will succeed". Patsy predicted a very positive year for love but warned: "Just avoid appearing overconfident or even bossy in the first quarter of 2023 as this will be a real turn-off. Be prepared to be adventurous in a fun way and as a result, April will be a turning point. The second half of the year will then provide you with more opportunities to invest time into your love life," the astrologer added.  Taurus will rediscover its mojo in 2023. Once Jupiter, the planet of expansion, luck and abundance enters the sign in May, there will be no stopping the star sin from reaching out for "meaningful and fun connections". The astrologer predicted Taurus' love life "could then blossom". So, "if you feel the first quarter of the year is slightly quiet, rest assured life will change. You may even be surprised by the level of passion that arises. Just be sure to avoid conflict at the same time." The zodiac sign is known as a social butterfly because they love people and being with others is as essential as the air they breathe. In 2023, Geminis will love letting their inner social butterfly out and they are set "to meet someone as upbeat and passionate as they are this year". Mid-April until early May; mid-to-late June and October are ideal for meeting someone new and equally as fun-loving as you are, Patsy opined. READ MORE: Prince George shares a very special bond with his cousin through sport Cancers love to love and are very strong and assertive people deep inside. The astrologer predicted that this year 2023 will be "excellent for exploring and subsequently revealing those deeper layers of your character and doing so will, in turn, revitalise your love life". According to the zodiac expert, this is a good year to experiment with new ways to connect. January and the period from April to July, and early December will be the most romantic times for Cancer. Leos should try to create more space for the people and activities they value the most, as well as their love life, this 2023. "You are in the process of embracing more adventure and exploration in your life and this will be reflected in the people you meet. As you gain confidence in letting your inner lion out, you’ll find the end of March and the end of April particularly transformative in your love life," Patsy said. This year will be all about collaborations and relationships for Virgos and their love life could "boom as a result". Virgos will likely experience "new connections" as they put their own desires and their need for peace and love at the top of their priorities. "You will find, as a result, that the way you share key aspects of your life, such as your spare time and space at home, will alter. Key phases for romance will be April, June, July, October and November," Patsy revealed.  The astrologer compared Libras to a butterfly emerging from a cocoon in 2023, "with your love life the nucleus of this transformation". Patsy explained: "As you move on from circumstances you have outgrown, your image of your ideal companion or partner will change, so be prepared to look outside the square at compatibility and you will broaden your scope for happiness romantically in 2023. April and October will be particularly transformative months." Love life for Scorpios won't be dull this year but they must be prepared to ditch the rule book and reinvent themselves according to who they have now become. "You may even be surprised by the people and circumstances you are attracted to. The eclipses in May and October could bring someone special your way and, at the very least, open doors to fresh experiences that add light and depth to the new you," Patsy said. READ MORE: Kate may change her style this Christmas to recreate the late Queen This year, Sagittarius will "embrace fresh relationship dynamics and explore new territory in their love life", but "you must remember just how brave you are". The astrologer explained that different types of relationships and social situations will present so this is an excellent year to be innovative for the star sign. March, April and October are especially excellent months to embrace an expansive, fun and joyful approach to love, Patsy suggested. According to the expert, Capricorn is the "most-liked" sign in the dating app and March, April and May will be the most successful months for their love life. "If you feel you miss out during these months, don’t despair: late October and December will also add spice to your love life," she said. In 2023, their lust for life and need for excitement will motivate Aquarius to be outgoing, inventive and imaginative in their love life. "Travel, different interest groups and experiences will produce the chance to meet productive and fun people and to experience something new in your love life," Patsy predicted. The end of March, April and October will be particularly "busy romantically" for the zodiac sign. Pisces will get the opportunity to meet and mingle with all walks of life. "As you are a romantic character, you must avoid idealising others and be sure that your expectations can be met in reality. When you do, your love life will thrive," the astrologer said. The first quarter and mid-September will be particularly conducive to love for the star sign.