Manchester United weren’t at their best against Wolves on Saturday but managed to claim all three points courtesy of a late goal from Marcus Rashford. The England international had found himself on the bench for the game after turning up late to a team meeting during the week. However, he rifled home in the 76th minute to send his manager wild - and give his side victory as well. Manchester United had to dig deep to beat Wolves, who have shown some positive signs ever since the appointment of Julen Lopetegui as manager. And it was Rashford who stole the show late on, with the England international netting his side’s 11th goal of the season. It was a huge win for United, firing them temporarily up to fourth in the Premier League table. And it also means they’ve lost just one of their last 15 matches across all competitions, showing the progress they’re making under Ten Hag in the process. Furthermore, it also showed who United’s best four players are at the current moment in time as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Rashford has long been a divisive figure among fans, especially after his struggles under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. He netted just five goals then, with many wanting to see the 25-year-old offloaded as a result. However, ever since the appointment of Ten Hag back in the summer, Rashford has been a player reborn. He’s now bagged 11 goals across all competitions, including three from his last three outings since the World Cup in Qatar. And though he was wrong to turn up for a team meeting late in midweek, it’s clear he’s now an undroppable asset within the United starting XI. DON’T MISS Barcelona have De Jong to Man Utd transfer beliefDe Jong makes decision on leaving Barcelona in JanuaryThree strikers Ten Hag prefers to Felix for Man Utd No other attacker is doing what Rashford is doing right now. He’s scoring goals for fun - whereas Anthony Martial and Antony remain inconsistent. While Bruno Fernandes wasn’t at his best against Wolves, the Portugal international still managed to clock up a crucial assist. Every United attack flows through the former Sporting Lisbon star, who will soon be celebrating three years at the club. Fernandes can blow hot and cold. But Ten Hag keeps him on the pitch because he knows that, for all his flaws, he can be a dangerman. And it was credit to the playmaker he was able to create an opening against a Wolves side who dug deep throughout the majority of the contest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Casemiro did attract some criticism for some cynical fouls against Wolves, with the Brazilian not afforded the same space he was against Nottingham Forest a few days previously. But, still, his importance to this side can’t be underestimated. United have, in recent years, been guilty of being too nice - especially when the smiley Solskjaer ruled the roost. Yet Casemiro has brought grit and determination to a United side that previously missed traits. Whisper it quietly, but he may even be their best signing since the Sir Alex Ferguson era. One player who flourished alongside the Brazilian during his spell at Real Madrid was Raphael Varane. And he was another impressive performer against Wolves, throwing himself into every tackle and challenge as his team battled to victory. Ever since the exits of Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic, United have struggled when it comes to their centre-backs. Yet a fully fit and firing Varane is one of the best defenders in world football and his authority and experience is vital as they aim to battle back to the top.