 Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) has tried everything she can to make Lily Stalter (Lilia Turner) feel she can trust her ever since she discovered her 12-year-old daughter is pregnant. However, EastEnders will soon be rocked when Lily’s forced to tell Ricky Jr (Frankie Day) he’s the father of her unborn baby.     Stacey and Martin Fowler (James Bye) wait patiently for Lily to make a decision. The schoolgirl goes outside for some fresh air but is upset after speaking to Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty). Lily confides in Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) who understands why she’s so conflicted. Kat takes Lily home and Ricky Jr soon comes over to check on his friend. Martin works out he’s the father of Lily’s baby and tries his hardest not to react. Read more: EastEnders return for Robbie Jackson as fans spot telling clue    Elsewhere, Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) makes arrangements for his new life with Scarlett Butcher (Tabitha Byron) and Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) in Germany. Sam’s worried about telling her son while on the other side of the square Martin demands Lily tells the police that Ricky Jr is the father. A frightened Lily sneaks off and breaks the news to Ricky Jr who rushes off in a panic. He bumps into his mum and blurts out the truth but she upsets him further by revealing her plans to move to Germany. The Brannings and Slaters come together to talk about the pregnancy but the confrontation unsurprisingly doesn’t go well.     Ricky is choosing an engagement ring for Sam while she’s trying to make things right with her son. Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) and Kat are stunned when they realise Sam is still planning to leave despite Ricky Jr’s situation. She talks to Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and explains why she must go but he’s furious. The policeman explains Ricky Jr could face criminal charges and refuses to accept her excuses for leaving. Later, Jack apologises to his son for neglecting him lately before the two head to the police station. DON'T MISSEastEnders's Kat Slater will struggle after 'terrible situation' [INTERVIEW]EastEnders fans baffled over major plot hole as Harvey moves in [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce 'dies on wedding day' as fans predict tragedy [THEORY]    Sam watches from afar and feels awful as she questions whether leaving Walford is the right decision. The Mitchell sister turns around to see Ricky down on one knee proposing. Will Sam say yes and leave Ricky Jr behind as she sets off for a new life in Germany? Meanwhile, Jack and Ricky Jr arrive at the police station for the schoolboy’s interview.     Later, Sam turns up to support his son and when Jack loses his temper, Sam sits in with Ricky Jr for the interview. The schoolboy is glad to have his mum there and wonders whether she’ll change her mind about moving. Back in Walford, Ricky begins to panic that Sam will miss the flight and when she finally arrives he urges her to hurry up. However, as the mum reflects on her relationship with her son, will she decide to leave after all? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   