DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) was back alongside her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) as they solved the mysterious murder of a GP. The duo made a grim discovery when they found Dr Lucy Yo's body in the back of a burned-out car. Vera and the team began to interview their suspects and their first instinct was to question the doctor's husband. They also discovered that Lucy was having an affair behind her husband's back. Although, Vera and Aiden later found out her husband knew about the affair, putting him very much in the frame. However, minutes into the programme, fans were left distracted by a beloved Holby City star's cameo appearance. Hugh Quarshie, who famously played Ric Griffin in the BBC drama, played suspect Dr Palmer, the man Lucy was having an affair with. READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession Taking to social media, @englishjen2 beamed: "So great to see our doctor from Holby." "It's Rick from Holby #vera," she later wrote as Vicky Bishop added: "klaxon. Post Holby but still a doctor." While Ann tweeted: "Dr from Holby Ric Griffin looks iffy too. Hubby is too obvious #Vera." "Ric Griffin’s shown up. It’s a #Vera #HolbyCity crossover," @Johnboy_Cook pointed out. Gemma added: "Once a doctor always a doctor Ric? @HughQuarshie #vera." Likening Dr Palmer to Ric in Holby City, Debbie Blackman said: "Cheating husband? Ric never changes." Throughout the two-hour episode, viewers kept guessing who the culprit could be. However, in the end, it emerged that Dr Palmer was covering for his wife and daughter. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity in Nicky twist [SPOILERS]Happy Valley writer explains dark meaning behind show's title [INSIGHT]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [ODDS] It didn't take long for the iconic detective to piece together the truth and she was soon on their case. Last year, viewers were treated to the first four instalments of series 11. However, after a long wait, bosses confirmed the final two episodes would air in January 2023, along with the four new instalments of series 12. Next Sunday, fans will be able to watch the final showing of series 11, which is titled The Way The Wind Blows.  Brenda Blethyn has been in the ITV series since 2011, and while she has no plans of hanging up her iconic mack and hat, she has addressed the series coming to an end. Speaking ahead of series 11, she said: "Every time we finish a series I say I’m not going to be doing anymore." "But then I have a rest and get my appetite back again and change my mind," she added. "I suddenly might get a bright idea about what to do with Vera and suggest who might be cast in it. “The emotional feeling also comes in - thinking of all the other people who are still there who want to do more."  Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.