Research from AJ Bell found workers’ tax bills will increase by 3.5 percent because of the freeze. The allowance freeze is the equivalent to an extra two percent on the basic rate for someone earning the average UK salary of £33,000. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned many people will see their tax bills go up in 2023. She said: “The round of tax hikes in the Autumn Statement made for miserable reading, but even before that we were on for higher tax bills, because the freezing of the income tax thresholds means that wage rises will push more people into paying more tax – and push enormous numbers of people into higher tax bands. “These kinds of stealth taxes tend to slip under the radar but can have a much bigger impact than a tax hike. “The Institute of Fiscal Studies estimates that freezes to personal tax thresholds will cut household income by an average of £1,250 by 2025/26.” READ MORE: State pension forecast: Online tool shows how you might be able to increase amount  Other changes announced in the Budget include the additional rate threshold for income tax being lowered from £150,000 to £125,140, meaning more people will be hit by the 45 percent additional rate. Ms Coles spoke about other tax hikes that will hit Britons in 2023. She said: “For those who run their own business and pay themselves in dividends, and for investors with large portfolios outside an ISA or pension, there’s also the threat of more dividend tax as the allowance halves in April. “For those investors there’s also the risk of capital gains tax after the allowance for this is halved in April too. “When you add in higher council tax and the frozen inheritance tax bands, we’re being stung for more tax on all sides.”  The capital gains tax threshold is also being halved next year, from £12,300 to £6,000, meaning thousands of Britons will be hit by the tax for the first time. Tommy McNally, leading tax expert and CEO of tax-refund app, Tommys Tax, warned previously the new policy could have an “extreme impact” on struggling Britons. He said when the changes were announced: “This is set to directly affect business owners and retirees who rely on dividend income to supplement their pensions. “Today's newly-announced tax changes are set to have an extreme impact on taxpayers already struggling to keep up with rising bills. DON'T MISS: Families could get £500,000 tax bill if pensions hit by inheritance tax and income tax   “According to a new study, over 21,000 taxpayers have arranged to pay their bill in monthly instalments beyond the deadline for the 2021-22 year – a 22 percent increase from last year.” He urged Britons to read up on the new rules so they don’t end up with a surprise tax bill. The tax expert said: “Taxpayers must ensure that they are aware of the new tax regulations so that they are aware of the correct amounts they should be paying. “With HMRC under relentless pressure due to the increased number of audits alongside September's disastrous mini-Budget, people looking to file their tax return should start the process now to reduce any chance of penalties when submitting. "Our research shows that over a fifth of Brits feel that tax is their biggest financial burden which they are least prepared for. “With the cost-of-living crisis, and now a string of tax changes, the number of taxpayers unable to pay their bill is only set to continue rising without adequate information and education round the topic." Jamie Morrison, head of tax at accountancy firm HW Fisher, warned ahead of Autumn Statement announcement that slashing the capital gains allowance would mean tens of thousands of Britons being hit by the tax. He said: “The OBR estimates that for the current tax year, capital gains tax accounts for £15billion of overall tax receipts - but this only represents 1.5 percent of all UK tax receipts. “This explains why the Government would have to make a significant change to capital gains tax for it to result in a substantial and meaningful contribution to the Treasury. “If the new Chancellor decides to halve the £12,300 tax-free allowance for capital gains to £6,150, tens of thousands will find themselves paying the tax for the first time."