Premier League clubs will learn their FA Cup fifth round opponents in the aftermath of this weekend’s fourth round ties. The likes of Arsenal, Manchester City, Man Utd, Tottenham and Liverpool will all learn their FA Cup fates over the weekend. At least one more of the Premier League’s so-called Big Six teams will join Chelsea in being knocked out of competition by the time of the draw. That is because leaders Arsenal travel to Man City in the fourth round on Friday evening. Man Utd host Reading on Saturday, Spurs go to Preston and Liverpool face an all-Premier League tie with Brighton. Express Sport tells you everything you need to know about the fifth round draw. When is the fifth round draw? The draw for the fifth round of the FA Cup will take place on the evening of Monday, January 30. It is scheduled to take place at 7pm. When the draw takes place, 15 of the 16 FA Cup fourth round ties will have taken place. Derby will host Premier League West Ham 45 minutes after the draw. That means the likes of Arsenal, City, United, Spurs and Liverpool will all know whether they will remain in the competition. JUST IN: Everton new boss Sean Dyche could make four signings before deadline How can I watch the fifth round draw? BBC One will show the FA Cup fifth round draw during their broadcasting of The One Show. The programme is due to start at 7pm and the draw will take place shortly after. When will the fifth round ties take place? For the second-consecutive season, the FA Cup fifth round will take place during midweek. The ties are due to be played on the week commencing Monday, February 27. This decision has been made in part to ease the fixture list in a season disrupted by the winter World Cup. DON'T MISS...Ten Hag leaves door open for Sancho to make Man Utd return vs ReadingPremier League footballer accused of rape has bail extended againMan Utd hero Ferguson axed star in golf car park to fund training base What are the ball numbers for the fifth round draw? 1. Preston North End or Tottenham Hotspur 2. Southampton or Blackpool 3. Wrexham or Sheffield United 4. Ipswich Town or Burnley 5. Manchester United or Reading 6. Luton Town or Grimsby Town 7. Derby County or West Ham United 8. Stoke City or Stevenage 9. Blackburn Rovers or Birmingham City 10. Walsall or Leicester City 11. Sheffield Wednesday or Fleetwood Town 12. Manchester City or Arsenal 13. Bristol City or West Bromwich Albion 14. Brighton or Liverpool 15. Fulham or Sunderland 16. Accrington Stanley or Leeds United