Chris Packham has confirmed he will be taking a break from TV to give himself some “brain space”. The Springwatch, Autumnwatch and Winterwatch presenter has opened up on a three-month hiatus from both his broadcasting work and environmental campaigning. The naturalist was prompted to take the break due to filming not scheduled to commence for BBC's Springwatch until May. The 61-year-old said: “I’m not having a midlife crisis. I’m too old for that. “I just need some brain space, get off the treadmill, take stock.” Chris explained his hopes to explore some of his creative hobbies during the hiatus. Read more: Why ‘BBC politics’ stopped Sir David exploring British wildlife The presenter admitted he also needed time to deal with the loss of his father. Chris’ dad died in the summer of 2021 amid the coronavirus pandemic. “My office is full of his stuff,” the Springwatch presenter continued. “Taking some time to make something, much of which will be mundane work, will give me the space to focus and process all this stuff.” Chris opened up on the current climate crisis and confessed he was “frustrated” by the lack of results. He stressed the need to accept current protesting methods weren’t working. “We’ve won the argument intellectually, but politically, things are getting worse,” he said. “The facts are terrifying but we’re going backwards,” Chris told The Times. DON'T MISSMichaela Strachan addresses Twitter ban after Chris Packham complained [INSIGHT]Michaela Strachan feared Chris Packham would 'hate' her [INTERVIEW]Chris Packham accuses BBC host of “mocking” his autism [INSIGHT] “I have to admit that methods of protest that have worked in the past aren’t working any longer.” Chris is a dedicated naturalist and environmental campaigner. Last year, he claimed he was targeted by thugs who were paid to hit his car with firebombs. The torched vehicle exploded, setting fire to his gate and fence. Chris believes his stance on fox hunting makes him a target for such attacks. He told the Mirror: “There was no ambiguity about the fact that it was done by people who had clearly done it before and knew exactly what they were doing.” Chris added: “They are hopeful that at some point in the next year someone will grass them up. “The thing is, that all this stuff be- comes more common when the fox hunting season starts because I am speaking out about it.” Springwatch will return to BBC Two later this year