Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith go to war in a middleweight showdown in Manchester on Saturday night. The duo headline the first big British boxing event of the year with both fighters plotting a path to a world title shot. Eubank Jr last fought 11 months ago, beating Welshman Liam Williams by unanimous decision in Cardiff. And his long break from the ring comes after October’s grudge match against Conor Benn was pulled due to adverse findings in his rival Benn's drugs tests. Meanwhile, Liverpudlian Smith is in the form of his life after a recent fourth round stoppage over Hassan Mwakinyo. But Saturday’s bout has now garnered widespread attention beyond the boxing world after an ugly press conference on Thursday. Eubank Jr and Smith apologised for their behaviour after launching personal attacks at each other with tensions spilling over ahead of fight night. Boxing came under fire once again after the press conference was marred by Smith’s homophobic taunts towards Eubank Jr, who wore a pro-LGBTQ rainbow armband in response in Friday’s weigh-in. Smith questioned Eubank Jr’s sexuality in the press conference, while his 33-year-old opponent responded with digs about his marriage and his home city, Liverpool. The spat has stoked the fire further as the pair settle their bitter feud in Saturday’s middleweight clash. Express Sport details everything you should know about Eubank Jr vs Smith:   Main Event: Chris Eubank Jr vs Liam Smith (middleweight) Richard Riakporhe vs Krzysztof Glowacki (cruiserweight) Ekow Essuman vs Chris Kongo (welterweight) Joseph Parker vs Jack Massey (heavyweight) Frazer Clarke vs Kevin Espindola (heavyweight) Matty Harris vs Jiri Surmaj (heavyweight) Scott Forrest vs Amine Boucetta (cruiserweight) Frankie Stringer vs Christian Narvaez (lightweight) The card is subject to change.    The fight will take place at the Manchester AO Arena on Saturday 21st January with organisers saying the event is completely sold out. A stacked card is set to begin at 7pm GMT, and the ring walks for the main event between Eubank Jr and Smith are not expected to take place before 10pm GMT. In the UK, Eubank Jr vs Smith is a Sky Sports pay-per-view show and will be aired on Sky Sports Box Office for a price of £19.95. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Usyk close to being signed with single roadblock stalling boutEubank sets fresh terms for Benn bout as Destroyer given comeback dateHearn snubs Paul as promoter tips new favourite influencer boxer Papi 