A range of polluting single-use plastics will be banned in England from October in a bid to give businesses time to prepare, the Environment Secretary will confirm today. This will include single-use plastic plates, trays, bowls, cutlery, balloon sticks, and certain types of polystyrene cups and food containers. Ms Coffey said: “We all know the absolutely devastating impacts that plastic can have on our environment and wildlife. “We have listened to the public and these new single-use plastics bans will continue our vital work to protect the environment for future generations.” She added how she was “proud” of other efforts to tackle plastic pollution, including restricting the use of straws, stirrers and cotton buds, as well as the carrier bag charge. People will be unable to buy the newly banned products from any business, including retailers, takeaways, food vendors and the hospitality industry. But the ban will not include plates, trays, and bowls that are used as packaging in shelf-ready pre-packaged food items, such as in supermarkets. Takeaway packaging is covered by a separate scheme which will make manufacturers contribute to the cost of disposing of their plastic packaging. Environment Minister Rebecca Pow said: “Plastic is a scourge which blights our streets and beautiful countryside and I am determined that we shift away from a single-use culture. “By introducing a ban later this year we are doubling down on our commitment to eliminate all avoidable plastic waste.” The Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said banning these new items will have a “significant impact” in reducing plastic waste and littering in England. Over 95 per cent of people who responded to their consultation on a ban between November 2021 and February 2022 were supportive, Defra said. Matt Hood, managing director of food at Co-op, said: “I welcome today’s announcement, and believe we must all continue to work together if we are to combat the climate emergency, and have an environment we are proud to pass on to future generations.” The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign has called on everyone to do their bit for the planet. England uses 2.7 billion items of single-use cutlery every year — most of which are plastic, estimates suggested. People in the country also use 721 million single-use plates but only 10 per cent are recycled. Plastic cutlery was in the top 15 most littered items in the country by count in 2020, Defra said. The Government could take further measures to curb pollution caused by wet wipes, tobacco filters and sachets This could include banning plastic in these items and mandatory labelling on packaging to help consumers dispose of these items correctly. Ms Pow said: “We will also be pressing ahead with our ambitious plans for a deposit return scheme for drinks containers and consistent recycling collections in England.”