Deontay Wilder boasts that ‘fighters take steroids to face him’ and advises Andy Ruiz Jr to do the same before their contest later this year. The Bronze Bomber hasn’t given Ruiz Jr much of a chance in their bout and says that he will need ‘extra help’ in order to compete with him. Wilder and Ruiz Jr have been ordered to square off in a WBC heavyweight final eliminator for a shot at Tyson Fury’s green strap. The IBF also recently offered Ruiz Jr a fight against Filip Hrgovic for their interim title, but it is understood the Mexican-American is keener on the WBC strap which is the only major sanctioning body belt he hasn’t won. The fight was originally targeted for March 25 but is now reportedly being looked at for May 5, the date of Cinco de Mayo weekend. WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman recently revealed to Express Sport that they are yet to tie down an official date and venue for the blockbuster showdown. Wilder returned to the ring in October after 12 months out of action following back-to-back defeats against Fury with a first-round stoppage victory over former sparring partner Robert Helenius. This victory secured him the final eliminator with Ruiz Jr – a challenge he is relishing. “Andy’s a good fighter. I like his willingness and his bravery, but that’s not going to be enough for me, though,” Wilder told ES News. “This man doesn’t have enough for me because I am that man [who will knock you out]. That’s why they fear me. With me, you’re going to need extra help. That shoot-shoot [looks down at his arm], because that [drugs and PEDs] isn’t going to go anywhere in this sport. MORE BOXING NEWS... Benn drugs testing investigation hits snag as Brit maintains innocence Eubank Jr trainer Jones Jr backs 'illegal elbow' theory after Smith KO Wilder says 'something fishy' about AJ rejection as inside info teased “We can stop talking about that. Stop paying for these drugs, people – these VADAs. We can stop all that. We can stop paying it. This stuff [steroids] isn’t going anywhere in this business. “Why do they get on steroids [against me]? – The fear. But if you aren’t scared, like me, you haven’t got to [take PEDs]. It’s because they are scared.” Providing an update on the status of the fight, he added: “We’re just looking for a location right now. The biggest thing for Andy and me, it’s just location. I got a lot of meetings with a lot of different people. It’s coming. I want to fight Andy. I hope he wants to fight me.”