King Charles III is set to visit French President Emmanuel Macron in March to improve post-Brexit relations with the country. The King will visit Paris in March as part of a state visit alongside the Queen Consort, Camilla after being invited by the French President. The visit includes a formal state dinner at the Elysee Palace on March 27 as well as a meeting between Camilla and Brigitte Macron – France’s first lady.  The "extremely" symbolic trip will be Charles’ first official visit to Paris as King. It will be an "opportunity" for the two countries to demonstrate their "historical" connection "beyond Brexit", one of Macron’s advisors has said. They said: "The fact that it [the trip] will come before the King’s coronation shows how important France is to him," the advisor told the French publication Le Parisien. "This visit will be an opportunity to demonstrate the historic links between his country and ours, beyond Brexit, and also the family continuity, because Elizabeth II was Francophile and French speaking." Charles is also likely to meet Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo.  READ MORE: Prince Harry infuriated TV audience after failing to turn up He had been planning a trip to visit Macron, who is also passionate about environmental issues, for a while. In September, the Telegraph reported the Foreign Office wanted to use Charles to help build bridges with France. The trip will be the first state visit to a foreign country by a British monarch in seven years because of the late Queen’s inability to travel.    Macron reportedly offered the King an official invite during his trip to London for the Queen’s state funeral. In September, the President of France said: "I had the opportunity to invite King Charles to come to France when it is appropriate for him." Before Charles' visit, a political summit between France and Britain will likely be held in France in March. The official state visit will take place just over a week after the King’s coronation that takes place on May 6, 2023. There has been a lot of speculation about whether Prince Harry will be invited to the coronation following his scathing US interviews in which he made several shocking claims against senior royals, including Camilla who he called a "villain" and Prince William. One royal source told the Independent the King would extend an invite to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex but expects them to provide a reason not to attend. They said: "The family will extend the invitation but it would be very hard for Harry and Meghan to be there given everything that has been said in the interviews and the book. "The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there." What do you think? Should Prince Harry attend the coronation? Vote in our poll here.  