Arsenal are reportedly ready to hijack Chelsea's move for Dusan Vlahovic after the Blues' attempts to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Gunners have been linked with the striker before and could make a January raid on Juventus. Arsenal wanted to sign Vlahovic 12 months ago. However, the Serbia international, then at Fiorentina, had his heart set on joining Juve. It hasn't gone quite to plan for him in Turin so far and he is already linked with a move away from the club. Chelsea are keen on strengthening their attacking resources and Vlahovic is one of the names they have identified for the January window. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang hasn't been a success since his late summer arrival, while Christopher Nkunku isn't joining until the summer. But it appears Chelsea won't have it all their own way if they did decide to go all in for Vlahovic. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make second signing before Bellingham - Exclusive  Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claims Arsenal are ready to launch a battle with their London rivals for the forward. Mikel Arteta currently only has one fit striker in Eddie Nketiah following the knee injury suffered by Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal are open to recruiting up top and could look to hijack Chelsea's move for Vlahovic following their movements on Mudryk. A report from the Guardian claims Chelsea are keen on Mudryk and want to beat the Gunners to his signature. The Shakhtar Donetsk winger is Arsenal's top January target. The north London club have already seen an offer worth in the region of £55million turned down. Shakhtar publicly want up to £86m for the 21-year-old. Arsenal are hopeful of striking a deal at a lower price but Chelsea are also on the scene. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'lose Saudi Arabia deal at 11th hour' as plug pulled after meetingMan Utd boss Ten Hag takes on second job at Old Trafford after Murtough talksCarragher urges Liverpool to sign 'next Wijnaldum' alongside Bellingham  So Arsenal could attempt to offer Chelsea a dose of their own medicine if they go in for Vlahovic. Manchester United are also reported to be keeping an eye on the striker's situation, as are Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich. Vlahovic has been struggling with injury this season. He hasn't played for Juve since October 25. He returned to action for Serbia at the World Cup but has suffered a recurrence of the groin injury he struggled with during the summer. There is no date set yet for his return to action. Both Chelsea and Arsenal would be hoping to garner more information on Vlahovic's condition before launching a January move for him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 