The Duke of Sussex feels "abandoned" by his family despite their "olive branch" invitation to attend King Charles III's coronation later this year, according to a relationship expert. This could, however, be the "perfect" occasion for reconciliation between the prince and the rest of the Firm. Prince Harry revealed the clear breakdown in relationships between himself and other members of the Firm in his new book, Spare, but a relationship expert claims all is not lost between the royals. The first step to mending a "broken family" is to acknowledge each other's struggles, relationship expert Valon Asani said. The coronation, in May this year, could be the perfect backdrop for these talks to be held, he said. Mr Asani, of dating app Dua, said: "It has been reported that Prince Harry and Meghan have been invited to King Charles III’s coronation in May, which is an olive branch from the family to the couple.    "The trauma that Prince Harry has recounted and shared with the world recently can manifest itself in many ways, and Prince Harry likely has feelings of abandonment from his family and is seeking some form of compassion and communication from them". King Charles III's coronation on May 6, being a "meaningful and happy occasion", could be the "perfect" time for the family to reconcile and put their grievances to bed. The relationship expert said: "The occasion of the coronation is cause for celebration as we celebrate the beginning of the King’s reign, and such a meaningful and happy occasion may be the perfect backdrop for reconciliation." Mr Asani said extending an olive branch is necessary when there has been a "severe breakdown in communication", and offering a gesture such as an "invite for coffee" or "kind letter" can establish a platform for which the relationship can start to be rebuilt. READ MORE: Kate steps out in striking orange dress - pictures However, the Duke declined to say whether he would attend his father's funeral when asked by ITV's Tom Bradby during an interview to promote his new book. Responding to the question of whether he would go, Harry said: "There is a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court  "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." Royal historian Hugo Vickers, a friend of the Royal Family, recently predicted that the Duke won't accept the invitation.   “Harry has made it clear that he has certain conditions before he will accept any invitation,” Vickers told Page Six. “It is always possible to reconcile if both parties are willing to do so but I don’t think the Harry side will budge". Mr Asani added: "The Royal family, despite being extensive, are a very tight-knit family, therefore, they may be hesitant to let Prince Harry and Meghan back into their circle after this fallout, which is something Prince Harry and Meghan must recognise.  "If the couple can recognise this hesitancy, they can more effectively communicate and build the relationship back up at a pace that suits everyone." In a recent interview with the Daily Telegraph, Prince Harry asked the Royal Family to apologise to his wife, Meghan Markle, addressing them directly, he said: "You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you've been caught out, so just come clean."   