The UK is at risk of more widespread snowfall in just a matter of days, new weather maps show. The country is tonight welcoming in 2023 after a bitterly cold December - but it seems January could present some similar, and bitterly cold, conditions. Jim Dale, a meterologist for British Weather Services, spoke to Express.co.uk about the picture some interactive models are showing. While another bone-chilling sweep is set to push west across the country by mid-January, Mr Dale says it's Scotland that will remain "in the freezer" for the time being. He said: "Scottish and northern England could see intermittent snowfalls - but it will be mainly Scotland. Scotland more or less stays in the cold/freezer, whilst southern England only sees transient cold. Wavy lives across the UK as the polar front dips and lurches." WXCHARTS shows the ongoing theme of Scotland's cold weather remaining into January 2, where it will start to become more widespread. Lows of up to -7C could be seen by dusk, but by January 3 conditions may start to temporarily improve. The emphasis on the word temporary is evident, as by the end of next week the minus temperatures will be back again. This time a bitter -6C will be felt in the Scottish Highlands by midday, while north of Manchester could be bracing for -2C in the middle of the day. This indicates a potential drop in temperatures in the lead up to the first full weekend of 2023. In fact, overnight between January 5 and 6 rain will hit the country - but it's in these colder regions where this rain is set to present as snow.  The Met Office long-range weather forecast, which is updated daily, looks at how the UK may look from January 5 to 14, taking us right up until the middle of the month. It does however detail the risks of an Atlantic weather front causing some real problems for the south and west of the country. It says: "On Thursday, drier conditions are likely in northern areas, with some wintry showers across hills in the far north. A weather system from the Atlantic is expected to push into the south of the UK. "This bringing cloud and possibly heavy rain across the south. Then a drier interlude for most to end the week with overnight frost. For the rest of the period, Atlantic systems are likely to continue to bring rain, heavy at times and strong winds with a risk of gales across the UK, and locally longer spells of rain in the northwest. "The wettest and windiest conditions will most likely be in the north and west, and driest in the east and south. Temperatures overall will be near average or mild." READ MORE: 2022 was a brutal year, let's hope 2023 is a much better one Interactive maps from January 7 to 10 show much of the south, Wales and central parts of England to see heavy rain as a frontal system from the Atlantic moves eastwards. But it will be in the north, and in Scotland, where this could turn to snow. Up to 6cm of snow could lay in populated areas, not just on high ground, if the weather maps are anything to go by. But by January 10 it won't just be northern areas under a blanket of snow - much of England looks set to get a covering. It doesn't look set to hang around, however, with much of it melting away by January 16, with the Scottish Highlands being the exception. The Met Office predicts the end of January will see a return of wet, windy and unsettled conditions ravaging the UK - much like the frontal system many experienced in November.   But as the forecast looks ahead to even later in the month, the typical north-south split will reoccur. From January 15 to 28 it adds: "This period will see a continuation of a westerly flow, bringing a northwest and southeast split across the UK. "Northern and northwestern areas will continue to see the wettest and windiest weather, meanwhile the south may see more settled conditions. Occasional colder interludes may bring a risk of fog, frost, and snow, but generally temperatures will be mild for most." 