Dr Michael Mosley understands the strong urge to have a sugary snack better than anyone else. While tucking into a chocolate bar or pairing a couple of biscuits with your tea can hit the spot, your brain could do without extra sugar. In fact, the doctor shares that cutting back on sugar could even “boost memory”. Speaking on his podcast Just One Thing, Dr Mosley said: “Like most people, I still get these occasional mad crazy cravings for sugary food. “One way to try and satisfy your sugar cravings is to eat more fruit.” Trading your go-to chocolate bar for an apple might not sound too ideal but it could do wonders for your health. The doctor said: “Swapping out your free sugars for some fruit…comes with a long list of health benefits. READ MORE: Dysarthria could be 'early' sign of stroke that can appear 'seven days before' the attack “As well as improving your microbiome, it may also boost your memory.” If biscuits and chocolates are not your thing, maybe you’re guilty of enjoying sugary drinks. However, these beverages are still a generous source of free sugars. Dr Mosley recommended switching the sweet drinks for water, as research suggests that having fewer sugary drinks can complement your brain volume.  He said: “An Australian study of 4000 people found those who drank less than one sugary drink per day had a bigger total brain volume. “[They also] scored higher on memory tests compared to those who consumed more.” This isn’t the only research looking at the connection between sweet drinks and brains. According to research, published in the journal Stroke, artificially-sweetened beverages could even hike your risk of dementia. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers' Dave Myers says cancer treatment is 'still ongoing' in candid health update The research team was keen to understand how the consumption of sugary and artificially-sweetened drinks impacted the risk of stroke and dementia. Using questionnaires, they collected data about how frequently participants consumed one glass, bottle or can of each beverage over the course of a year. The study found that those who drank at least one artificially-sweetened drink a day were 2.9 times more likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease. However, the significant effect on dementia risk wasn’t observed when the researchers adjusted for other factors like diabetes, for example. Some experts believe that research on this topic is not so black and white but there are various other benefits when it comes to limiting your sugar intake. Dr Mosley said: “When you have those sugary cravings, why not try snacking on fruit? “Maybe go for an apple with skin and all.” He explained that this simple swap could benefit your mood, microbiome as well as memory.