Major train delays have been announced after a large puddle of steaming molten mud was spotted on the tracks. Footage uploaded to Twitter just after 9am by National Rail Wessex shows the extent of the phenomenon. The electric rail line acted as a conductor, which caused the mud to heat up to a boil. National Rail Wessex confirmed to an inquiring Twitter user that the 750V current being carried along the track "acts like an immersion heater". One Twitter user, reacting to the video, wrote: "What a strange looking phenomena, never seen anything like that before. Electrified steamy mud. Weird." The video of the scene delayed commuters travelling on South Western trains via Chertsey. Network Rail notified customers on social media, but noted they would not be able to clear the tracks until the steaming "liquified mud" had stopped flowing. READ MORE: Dan Wootton celebrates after the detainment of Greta Thunberg "This is what’s causing the disruption to @SW_Help customers on the route via Chertsey", the tweet from National Rail Wessex said."It’s liquified mud that’s flowed onto the live rail and turning to steam. Once the mud has stopped flowing we will work on getting it cleared."The steaming muddy mess isn't the only natural cause of disruption on London commuter routes in the last few days.On Sunday 15 January, London to Basingstoke trains were cancelled after a landslip at Hook in Hampshire left a track suspended in mid-air. DON"T MISSPassengers stuck on train for 20 hours phoned police [INSIGHT]Mick Lynch slams ministers for 'Stalinist obsession with control' [ANALYSIS]World’s most popular holiday destinations for 2023 named [LIST] One customer took to Twitter to bemoan the communication from Network Rail. "There was a landslip on Sunday. Yet today - Tuesday information for travellers is an absolute scandal - online, in person, at mainline train stations", Kate Paradine wrote. She continued: "I am one of many travellers with no idea of the route to Hampshire this evening." Another user wrote: "There was a bloody landslide at the rails of southwestern I think near Salisbury and disruption was horrid!" Lynn Linn asked Network Rail why they can't "run services from Fleet to London Waterloo & back rather than everyone driving all over Hampshire/Surrey to find a way to get to London?"