Teachers and social workers are among professionals being trained to identify police officers who abuse their position to sleep with vulnerable adults and children. A series of scandals involving police abusing public trust to have sex with victims of crime, witnesses and even suspects has rocked forces.  The most notorious cases include those of Sarah Everard, who was raped and murdered by a serving Met Officer, and David Carrick, 48, who will be sentenced next month for horrific sex crimes. A social worker, who asked not to be named, said he had been offered a place on a course run by a force counter corruption unit, to learn what to look out for in respect of predatory officers and also how to sound the alarm. The source said he was offered the course by Cheshire Police. He said: “It was on how to spot police officers abusing their positions to exploit vulnerable people for sex. “I remember thinking at the time it must be bad if they’re doing training courses on police abusing clients. “Having a course on sexual exploitation by police officers is an admission there is a big problem.”  The invitation explained that the course was “for all staff who work with vulnerable people in children and families and adult services”. It said the course was designed to “provide an understanding of the concept of police officers abusing their position for sexual gain with vulnerable people; provide information to enable employees who support vulnerable people to identify signs and signals that a vulnerable person may be being abused and to provide clear direction as to reporting should concerns be raised”. Alan Collins, partner in the abuse team at Hugh James Solicitors, said: “Training on abuse of positions of trust is absolutely necessary and should be compulsory and UK wide. “We have seen too many cases where police officers have used their positions to abuse the vulnerable, causing immense damage to victims, undermining confidence among the public and causing considerable reputational damage to the police.”  Greater Manchester Police got rid of five officers and an employee guilty of sexually-motivated offences in just three months, as part of a drive to root out “bad apples”, writes Jon Austin. It said it was seeing more officers and staff sacked after, or resigning before, misconduct hearings after Chief Constable Stephen Watson turned around the former failing force since arriving in 2021. Data for misconduct cases heard between October and December shows six officers or staff involved in sexual and inappropriate relationship matters while a further eight were guilty of misconduct concerning corruption. Another former PC was found guilty of “sexual harassment and inappropriate touching of female colleagues”, while one former employee was convicted of child sex abuse images. A spokeswoman for GMP said: “The chief promised the highest standards to root out and boot out bad apples. There has been a real culture change, resulting in more proactive work by professional standards and increased reporting by the workforce.” 