Men don’t get the menopause. There: I’ve said it. Someone tweet J K Rowling and tell her I might need her help. To have the menopause you need to have a womb and an endocrine system which produces female hormones. You could define as a man, of course, but I think I am on the side of the majority when I say that a human with two XX chromosomes in the nucleus of every single cell is a woman and it makes them different from men. That doesn't mean they can't wear what they want or call themselves what they want, but it does mean they won't suffer from the menopause any more than a woman will need to go for a prostate exam when she reaches a certain age.So why has the Government rejected laws to help protect women facing discrimination at work... because those laws might discriminate against men? What possible complaint could a man have that their female colleagues get assistance in dealing with what is a health issue any more than someone gets time off for, say, a broken leg?I bet most men, whilst they might not be particularly eager to engage in a conversation about hot flushes over the photocopier, would not feel discriminated against because they were not able to get work adjustments for symptoms they did not have. (Actually, I think most men would rather the government just got on with this so they didn't have to deal with male politicians in menopause vests invading social media feeds.)I asked a GP friend if he'd ever had a man come to him to complain about his menopause symptoms.He hadn't. The menopause is when your periods stop due to a change in the production of hormones, usually between the ages of 45-55.  The time between your ‘monthlies’ and the menopause is called the perimenopause when you experience many of these symptoms. And from what I've seen, it's crap. More than crap: it can get in the way of your life to the extent that it dominates not only for you, but also for your family. While some women sail through it, others have debilitating symptoms such as anxiety, mood swings, hot flushes and brain fog. Some women contemplate suicide – some women do it. In fact, the suicide rates for women aged 45-54 has risen six per cent in twenty years, according to the ONS. Australian statistical data shows that the highest age-specific suicide rate for females in 2015 was in the 45–49 age group with 82 deaths (10.4 per 100 000). The second highest rate of suicide was in women aged between 50 and 54 years. The menopause, and its impacts, has been propelled into the spotlight by celebrities such as Davina McCall and Penny Lancaster as well as MPs including Caroline Nokes and Carolyn Harris who have been tireless in their efforts to raise awareness and affect change which they hope will lead to significant improvements. Because it is bad for all of us if talented, experienced women leave the workforce because of a health condition. You know the type - the ones who actually read their emails rather than expect their bosses to WhatsApp them and, who according to the Office of National Statistics, are the fastest growing demographic in the workforce. One in three of the UK workforce will soon be over 50. With retirement age creeping up and with a desperate need for UK PLC to up its productivity and reverse this economic malaise we have found ourselves in, particularly since many people were paid not to work during covid, it is more important than ever that we have an end to the "stigma, shame and dismissive attitudes when it comes to the menopause" as Caroline Nokes, chair of the Women and Equalities Committee, said. Evidence found that urgent action was needed across healthcare and work settings to properly address women's needs. It's probably worth adding at this point that a global tracker found that the UK's record on women's health is worse than in Saudi Arabia - hardly a bastion of female emancipation - largely due to poor efforts at prevention, diagnosis and treatment of health problems. That seems like discrimination right there. I know we are all told that all discrimination is bad, but is it? If it means that we can make life better for the millions of women who suffer each year, why would anyone want to stop that? According to The Samaritans, middle-aged men are more likely to die by suicide than any other age group. It's why the charity made recommendations to policy makers and called for suicide prevention policy and practice must take account of men’s beliefs, concerns and context. As a woman, I applaud the work of The Samaritans and any policies and ideas which help reduce the number of suicides. If that means additional resources for high risk groups then that seems like common sense to me. Am I going to say it is discrimination? No. Any anyone who does deserves to be called out - just as any man who had a problem with laws to help women should be. There's nothing 'discriminatory' about helping the millions of women suffering each year because the people who aren't covered by these laws aren't the ones suffering. We need to stop being led by the 'what ifs' and get some common sense back into our laws.