The Duke of Sussex’s first autobiography ‘Spare’ is set to rock Buckingham Palace on its release on January 10. The title of the book originates from the traditional phrase used to describe the second-born child who is the spare in case anything happened to the first born who is the heir. The Guardian obtained a copy of the highly awaited memoir and revealed some of its most gripping claims. Near the beginning of the book, Prince Harry recounted a heated conversation between himself, Prince William, and a desperate King Charles, then the Prince of Wales. The meeting occurred after the funeral of Prince Philip at Windsor Castle in April 2021. According to The Guardian’s account of the story, Harry alleged that Charles “stood between his warring sons, ‘looking up at our flushed faces’”. Harry then claimed Charles said: “Please, boys, don’t make my final years a misery.” The Duke of Sussex will join ITV’s Tom Bradby and CBS’ Anderson Cooper to discuss his memoir and his relationship with other members of the Firm. Harry is also set to address what he and his wife, Meghan Markle, are planning for the future amid a rumoured move to New Zealand. Speaking about the interview, ITV's director of News and Current Affairs Michael Jeremy said: “It is extremely rare for a member of the Royal Family to speak so openly about their experience at the heart of the institution. READ MORE: Macron vows to send Ukraine ‘to victory’ with new military aid “Tom Bradby’s interview with Prince Harry will be a programme that everyone with an informed opinion on the monarchy should want to watch.” The 90-minute interview called ‘Harry: The Interview” will be aired on ITV1 at 9pm on January 8 and will be available to stream on ITVX. A teaser clip for the interview sees Harry tell Bradby: “I want a family, not an institution…I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back.” Harry and Meghan stepped back from the Royal Family in 2020 but the Queen left the door open in case of their return, which they turned down the following year. DON'T MISS: 'Deeply upset' Mandela's granddaughter blasts Meghan and Harry (REVEAL)Kate faces 'broadside' over Harry's 'unflinching honesty' (INSIGHT)King Charles ‘laughed off’ accident after worker bumped into him on... (REVEAL) Following what has been dubbed ‘Megxit’, the pair then found themselves the topic of conversation across the globe. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex gave their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in 2021, which was recently followed by a Netflix docuseries. The two-part Netflix series called ‘Harry & Meghan’ was released on December 8 and December 15. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace for comment.