Queen Letizia walked alongside her husband King Felipe, as the Spanish royals made their way to Athens Metropolitan Cathedral to pay tribute to the late Greek King. The royal couple greeted the public before entering the Cathedral and hugged the monarch's son. They had confirmed their visit, with Casa Real telling HOLA! Spain former Spanish King Juan Carlos is also present to bid farewell to King Constantine II, last ruling monarch of Greece, who died last Tuesday.  They were spotted among other European royals on Sunday, as they landed in the Greek capital. Spain’s disgraced former King Juan Carlos, who has been in self-imposed exile in Abu Dhabi, preceded Letizia and Felipe with former Spanish Queen Sofia, who is King Constantine's older sister. The last time Felipe and Juan Carlos were seen together in public was at Westminster Abbey in September for the Queen’s funeral. Juan Carlos' presence at the late Queen's funeral sparked backlash at home from the leftist party Podemos whose spokesperson said: "Inviting an on-the-run criminal to a state funeral shows you just what the monarchy is in the United Kingdom and in Spain."   Since August 2020, Juan Carlos has lived in self-imposed exile from Spain over allegedly improper ties to business deals in Saudi Arabia. The disgraced King was under investigation by Swiss and Spanish authorities on suspicion of accepting bribes from commercial contracts in the Gulf states – particularly in the late-2000s construction of the £5.94billion Haramain high-speed train railway in Saudi Arabia – and maintaining these proceeds in a bank account in Switzerland. Among the other European royals attending the Greek King's funeral are King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden, as well as Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands. William and Kate, the Prince and Princess of Wales, represent Charles and Camilla at the service. Constantine was both Prince William's godfather and Prince Philip's nephew. The King had been in poor health in recent months, with several hospitalisations nearing the end of 2022. According to reports, he was admitted to the private Hygeia Hospital in Athens last week with breathing difficulties and was treated in the intensive care unit. A 29-kilometre procession will follow his public funeral to Tatoi Palace, where he will be laid to rest alongside other members of the Greek royal family.