Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has been urged to make alternative plans for the UK to access semiconductors as a precaution in case Taiwan is invaded by China. Semiconductors play a vital role in the global economy – they are components used in mobile phones, cars and most other technological products. Taiwan is home to more than 90 percent of the manufacturing capacity for semiconductors, but the country remains fearful that its neighbour China could invade. Bloomberg reports that an unpublished UK Government strategy draft paper warns that China's interference or military action against Taiwan would compromise global semiconductor supplies and therefore threaten the British economy. The strategy also advised that the Government diversify its supply so that the UK is better prepared for the worst-case scenario in Taiwan. Finding new countries to replace Taiwan's supply could prove difficult, however, due to the country's dominance in the semiconductor market. Responding to Bloomberg's report, the Government declined to comment on what it called “speculation,” saying the strategy will be published “in due course.” This comes just weeks after Government sources told the Times that the UK is not ready for the economic disruption that could come as a result of conflict in Asia. One senior Whitehall figure briefed the newspaper: “If you scale up to any sort of worsening relationship with China there isn’t a single organisation whose supply chains will not be significantly to catastrophically affected where we’re talking about sanctions and difficulties in trading. "I’m not sure we’ve really understood a future in which we are up against some of the greatest chess players in the world.” READ MORE: Lord Frost issues Rishi Sunak stark warning on three 'big problems' The island nation is a self-governing democracy, but leaders in Beijing see Taiwan as part of China. Military drills have intensified both from China and Taiwan. Earlier this week, Taiwan's foreign minister warned that an invasion is likely, and could come as early as 2027. Joseph Wu told Sky News: "To me, 2027 is the year that we need to watch out for. "In 2027, Xi Jinping is likely to go into his fourth term, and, if in his previous three terms he cannot claim any achievement during his office, he might need to think about something else for him to claim as his achievement or his legacy. DON'T MISSFurious Tory MPs ask 'what the f*** is going on' over levelling up [INSIGHT]Strike fatigue fuels Conservative comeback against Labour in poll [ANALYSIS]State pension triple lock hike to smash inflation as prices fall [INSIGHT] "If you look at the Chinese situation right now, the economy is going down. People are not happy, the real estate business seems to be melting down. "If Xi Jinping cannot change the situation domestically in China, you might want to resort to a use of force or creating a crisis externally to divert domestic attention or to show to the Chinese that he has accomplished something. "We are concerned that Taiwan might become his scapegoat." William Lai, the likely next president in Taiwan, has this week urged the world not to appease China as the country's military operations near its island neighbor grow. He said that "appeasement cannot buy peace" before encouraging his countrymen to unite in the face of “the expansion of China’s authoritarianism”, adding that “only by uniting all people and strengthening our defence capabilities can we truly protect our security”.