A charity boss has said a Covid vaccine drive was a "collective effort" after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's foundation claimed it sent 12.6 million jabs to some of the world's poorest. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Archewell Foundation issued its first official report in the US on Sunday sparking questions over how remaining money, reportedly totalling $10million (£8million), is to be spent. It states that soon after the COVID-19 pandemic began, the Beverly Hills based organisation "took a lead role" in securing equal access to tests, vaccines and treatments "around the world". The report says it achieved this by investing in The People's Vaccine Alliance coalition of more than 100 organisations, experts and world leaders working to make sure everyone could access jabs. On page four of the report, The Archewell Foundation states 12.66 million Covid vaccines were "procured for the global population" through its partnership with the anti-poverty campaign organisation Global Citizen. In response the the news, Global Citizen co-founder Michael Sheldrick wrote on Twitter: "We were grateful to partner with the Sussexes’ Archewell Foundation to promote vaccine equity at a time when vaccine nationalism was rife. "Our collective advocacy helped procure 12.66M COVID-19 vaccine doses globally through garnering public and private sector support." The report does not include details of the foundation's account, but royal watcher Omid Scobie said it raised more than £10million ($13million) in its first year of operation with over £2million ($3million) in grants distributed in areas including vaccine equity and refugee resettlement. Supporters of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's foundation praised its work with Twitter user sussexsquad1988 tweeting: "Thank you for all you did." Fellow Twitter user Erikk_the_Dane chimed in: "It's been remarkable what has been accomplished. So proud of everyone involved especially Harry and Meghan because they have helped so many the last 2 years through The Archewell Foundation." READ ABOUT THE WOMAN KILLED IN A DOG ATTACK BEING NAMED But online critics of the Sussexes asked what had happened to the remaining money or when it would be distributed. Twitter user Adelen asked: "Only $3million? And the balance?" Fellow Twitter user Grammaton Cleric wrote: "$13million raised. $3million distributed. Where'd the greater balance of $10million go?" Former Lib-Dem MP Norman Baker, who is an expert in royal finances, told MailOnline: "Harry and Meghan are raking in cash like wheat from a field in a bumper year. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew in dig at Prince Harry over Eugenie's wedding guests [REVEALED] Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [LATEST] Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [REPORT] "Their Archewell Foundation has been established as a vehicle for good causes yet only a fraction of the money raised appears to have been spent. "I think those who have helped build up this mountain of cash will be keen to know what they intend to do with the $10million that is safely tucked up in a bank vault somewhere." Mr Baker described it as prudent for a charity not to spend all its money, but said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should reveal the percentage of money spent on administration as opposed to those funds deployed for charitable purposes. The Archewell Foundation has been approached for comment. Among the work highlighted in the foundation's report was the Duke and Duchess of Sussex co-chairing Global Citizen’s Vax Live campaign, which it said had mobilised over 26 million COVID-19 vaccine doses and raised £244million ($302million) towards vaccine equity. A grant to Human First Coalition helped move nearly 8,000 people out of Afghanistan, according to the foundation. Among the projects supporting women, the foundation worked with the VING Project to empower teenagers to become philanthropists in a project inspired by Archetypes, the Spotify podcast created by the Duchess of Sussex. In a bid to tackle gender stereotypes holding women back, The Archewell Foundation provided funding to Equimundo to create a guide to foster positive masculinity in boys and men. Since it was posted, the guide has been accessed by 3,673 individuals in 122 countries, according to the foundation. 