Leeds are facing an anxious wait to see if they can complete a deal for Roma winger Nicolo Zaniolo before the transfer window closes at 11pm on Tuesday. Jesse Marsch’s side have been active in January, bringing Max Wober, Georginio Rutter and Weston McKennie to the club and are hoping for one further addition in the form of Zaniolo. The Italian thought he had secured a move to Leeds’ Premier League rivals Bournemouth after interest from Tottenham subsidised following their acquisition of Arnaut Danjuma, but after Zaniolo made a U-turn and accepted the move to Gary O’Neil’s side, they had already spent their January budget and the 23-year-old was forced to cancel his flight to England. However, he could be boarding a jet on his way to Leeds if two obstacles are overcome. Zaniolo is holding out hope for a move to Yorkshire but problems remain in the structure of the deal, as Roma only want to sell him outright while Leeds’ offer was a loan with a conditional obligation to buy, according to CalcioMercato. Leeds also would only have the funds to complete a permanent transfer for Zaniolo this month if Jack Harrison signs for Leicester - though a deal at the moment seems unlikely. Brendan Rodgers’ side have been linked with the man who scored the opening goal in Leeds’ 3-1 FA Cup win over Accrington Stanley, but he may believe that his gametime at the club is limited going forward. Marsch now has several attacking options to call upon following the signing of Rutter, who started alongside Harrison, Patrick Bamford and Luis Sinisterra. Starlets Crysencio Summerville, Wilfried Gnonto and Sam Greenwood have all been in good form while Brenden Aaronson has been a mainstay in the team under the American boss. Whether Harrison wishes to move to Leicester remains to be seen, though they are still pursuing a deal for him after having a £20million bid rejected earlier in the window. Reports in the Italian press also claim Zaniolo's agent is currently in Milan attempting to entice the Rossoneri into a move for the Italian. DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan He has been frozen out by boss Jose Mourinho and Gianluca Di Marzio has claimed that only Bournemouth have previously met Roma’s asking price of £23.7m and ten per cent of any future sale. Leeds could match the offer if Harrison is sold, but Marsch has indicated that he wants to keep the winger at the club. “Listen, all I’ll say is, I really like Jack first as a person. He’s one of the most incredible people I’ve ever coached,” he said. “We like him here. We want to keep him. He’s performing really well. I think getting him fit and healthy has been a big key. He’s got flexibility in the way he plays.”