Manchester United loan star Amad could help the club beat Newcastle to the signature of 15-year-old wonderkid Chris Rigg, according to reports. The Red Devils have built up a good relationship with Sunderland following business between the two clubs last summer. Sunderland signed Amad on a season-long loan in late August. After a slow start with the Black Cats, the 20-year-old has now hit a rich vein of form. The Ivorian youngster has scored six goals in his last 10 Championship appearances. United will be hoping he can fulfil the promise he has shown when he returns to the club. But they also will want his presence to play an impact in a deal for Rigg. The Sun claims United have entered the race to sign the teenager, who is valued at £2.5million. READ MORE: Arsenal issued strange jibe by Brighton boss after 4-2 win  The Red Devils see the midfielder as a potential player for the future. Rigg has captained England under-16s and is highly-rated at the Stadium of Light. The report claims Newcastle are the favourites to sign Rigg. However, United have built up a relationship with Sunderland following Amad's move to the north east. Sunderland may look more favourably on doing business with United rather than their local rivals Newcastle. Everton are also credited with interest in Rigg. United signed Amad from Atalanta in January 2021 for a fee that could rise to £37m. He has made just nine appearances for the club and struggled on loan at Rangers in the second half of last season. DON'T MISSArsenal sleep easy as clever Edu negotiation in Odegaard deal comes to lightMan Utd boss Ten Hag’s four best players are clear after Wolves winMan Utd set to seal bargain deal as £10.6m striker 'to snub two sides'  The Sunderland move seems to have helped the youngster reignite his fledgling career. Black Cats boss Tony Mowbray is hoping United do not recall Amad early and allow him a full season to flourish in the second tier. Mowbray said: "On the back of Amad's loan [at Rangers] last season, I think it's such a better position for him and for his football club at this moment that he stays and plays his football with a smile on his face. Hopefully he will keep scoring and creating chances for us. "I haven't heard that from Erik ten Hag's voice, I'm just assuming that that's the case with his football club because there haven't been any rumours that they might be doing this and this. My experience tells me he is in a really good place, so leave him, let him enjoy his football, and let him grow and develop. "Otherwise, what's he doing? He could go back to Manchester United and maybe not even get on their bench."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here