Alexis Sanchez has enjoyed a solid start to the season with Marseille, though he already appears to have one eye on his future endeavours. The forward owns a luxurious apartment in Miami, hinting that the next step in his career is a move to the MLS. Sanchez has scored six goals in 16 league appearances so far this season, helping Igor Tudor’s side to third in the Ligue 1. The former Manchester United forward is the club’s top scorer, one ahead of Arsenal loanee Nuno Tavares – who has staked his claim as to why he should be in Mikel Arteta’s plans upon his return to the Emirates Stadium. Despite there being several exciting prospects in the Marseille squad, it has been the experienced stars that have come forward and made an impact. Dimitri Payet, 35, has been an influential figure at the Stade Velodrome with two goals and three assists and his linkup with Sanchez has been hard to defend against. However, plans may need to be put into place for the departure of Sanchez. His current deal expires at the end of the season – though both club and player reportedly are able to extend the contract by a further campaign. But Sanchez already appears to have one foot on the beach of Miami, having purchased a property in the city worth £2million, according to Sportune. Located on Sunny Isles Beach, the apartment enjoys stunning views of the Atlantic Ocean and is just a 30-minute drive from Miami. The 34-year-old is also able to access numerous exclusive facilities within the tower, including a nightclub, restaurant, spa and swimming pool. Sanchez’s apartment has two bedrooms and three bathrooms, with his family already familiar with the surroundings having enjoyed holidays in the area previously. Therefore, the foundations have been laid for the ex-Inter Milan playmaker to make the move to America when an opportunity arises. The purchase of the Miami property has fuelled speculation that Sanchez would favour a move to Inter Miami to link up with David Beckham, along with several veteran stars, such as Gonzalo Higuain and Blaise Matuidi. Speaking in 2019, Sanchez addressed those rumours, saying: “I always have offers. They had told me about Miami. But I have got six or five years left at a good level in Europe. Although one day I could play in the United States. I'd like it a lot to play in [MLS], it is a league that is growing and is very good." It remains to be seen whether Sanchez makes the move to the MLS to conquer another league or looks to remain in Italy. 