  TalkTV host Piers Morgan, 57, was left fuming following Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s response to Jeremy Clarkson’s apology. The Clarkson’s Farm star’s column about the Duchess of Sussex has become the most complained about in history, with more than 20,800 complaints to the Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso).      In view of his 8.3 million Twitter followers tonight, Piers wrote: “This is why you should never apologise to the woke brigade. “They never accept it, and - ironically - just throw more sh*t at you. “When do we get an apology from Hypocrite Harry for HIS hateful rhetoric?” he fumed. Underneath his tweet, the former Good Morning Britain host shared the statement from a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in response to Jeremy Clarkson’s apology. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss     The full statement read: “On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. “The contents of this correspondence were marked Private and Confidential. They continued: “While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny. “Unless each of his other pieces were also written ‘in a hurry’, as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate.”      This statement follows a grovelling Instagram post from Jeremy, where he explained he was “sorry [all] the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. “This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on,” he added. He went on to insist that he had filed the article “in a hurry”. “So when I’d finished, I just pressed send. And then, when the column appeared the next day, the land mine exploded,’ he wrote. READ MORE... Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [UPDATE] Kelly Osbourne fumes as mum Sharon unveils newborn son's name [LATEST] Carol Vorderman shares rare family insight in outing with son Cameron [NEWS]       “I was mortified and so was everyone else,” he recalled. “My phone went mad. Very close friends were furious. “Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me,” he added in reference to daughter Emily Clarkson, who was also not impressed by her dad’s column. “I therefore wrote to everyone who works with me saying how sorry I was and then on Christmas morning, I emailed Harry and Meghan in California to apologise to them too. “I said I was baffled by what they had been saying on TV but that the language I’d used in my column was disgraceful and that I was profoundly sorry.”      A new report from Variety has also claimed Amazon does not plan to work with Jeremy beyond the latest seasons of his two hit shows that have already been commissioned. This included The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm, both of which were very popular on the streaming service. Meanwhile, Prince Harry has been busy promoting his new memoir, Spare, in a series of interviews. In the controversial book, he details his strained relationship with members of the Royal family and has been faced with both praise and backlash for sharing very personal stories.    