TV chef James Martin told fans he was "in tears" following the outpouring of support both he and Brian received after Saturday's show. Brian suffered a stroke in Summer 2021 and praised the "fantastic" team who helped him during his recovery. As he explained his condition, James hugged his friend in support and exclaimed "love you, fella". Following the sweet moment, viewers flooded Twitter to show their support which James admitted left him in tears. He told his 728,000 followers: "Wow, well what can we both say just had Brian on the phone. "Ended in both us in tears at the amazing messages and support from you all…he wanted me to tell you all out there 'thank you' for all of them." During James Martin's Saturday Morning, Brian rustled up a "cheap and economical" lamb dish, with the pair working together. READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now It was then that Brian gave viewers a health update on a stroke he suffered in June last year. The Ready Steady Cook chef explained: "Unfortunately I had a stroke in June last year and the people at the London hospital were fantastic. "So excuse me if I make a stammer occasionally, we will catch up at the end." Supporting his long-term friend, James responded: "It's OK, it's OK. I love you fella. So a round of applause for everyone who've been looking after you. "It's a pleasure to have you back, you're welcome anytime." Viewers of the show flocked to their Twitter pages to express their love for the two chefs, with Lorraine Hancock expressing: "So so lovely to see Brian back with his TV son. Those man hugs made me tear up! All the best to you Chef Turner." Joanne Lane said: "Lovely to see Brian, your relationship is so special. Always a smile in adverse circumstances." "I'm watching with tears in my eyes. Warmed to my heart to see how James is so caring to him," Tracy Ann Halkyard commented. DON'T MISS...Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years  [LATEST]Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT] Angie Coats praised: "You could see and feel the love and respect you have for each other." Brian and James have had a very close relationship over the years, after first meeting on BBC Two's Ready Steady Cook. He has appeared on James' ITV show a number of times, as well as being a guest chef on This Morning and other cookery programmes, including A Taste Of Britain and My Life On A Plate. James recently worried fans as he hinted at his own health scare, explaining he was due to go for an MRI scan. Posting a snap of the "MRI Suite" sign and another of his dog, James joked on his Instagram the pair were "getting old". He wrote: "Seems as if we are both getting old fella! Dropped him off for an op this morning, now it seems I need one." However, James didn't share any more details as to why he was getting the important scan. James Martin's Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday from 9:30am on ITV.