Liverpool may hope to utilise their connection with Xabi Alonso as they reportedly chase the signature of Bayer Leverkusen star Jonathan Tah. Jurgen Klopp’s men have struggled defensively at times this season and the German centre-back could be the man to help ease these issues. Liverpool have endured a terrible season domestically falling far below the standards they have set themselves in recent years. The Reds currently languish in 10th position in the Premier League with hopes of a top-four finish fading fast as dire results continue to come in. Many of their issues have been defensive with the club conceding 28 goals in the space of 20 league games including allowing relegation strugglers Wolves to score three last weekend. Injuries have prevented Klopp from finding a settled centre-half pairing with Virgil van Dijk, Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate all spending time on the sidelines this season. Now, it appears Liverpool could look to strengthen the position over the summer with 90min reporting that intermediaries have held talks over Tah and the possibility of a transfer. The Leverkusen centre-back is approaching the last two years of his contract and is attracting attention from across the Premier League. Nottingham Forest tried to bring him to the City Ground in January while West Ham, Newcastle and Tottenham are also believed to be interested. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal However, Liverpool could have the upper hand through their connection with Alonso. The Spaniard is currently manager of the Bundesliga side and is widely considered to be something of a legend at Anfield having played a crucial role in their 2005 Champions League success and maintains a good relationship with the club. Alonso has continued to speak positively about Liverpool years after leaving the club. He has previously suggested his time in Merseyside made him a man and he may want to repay his former side, especially given Tah is not an automatic starter under him. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges "My time in England was, for me, spectacular. I was 22, it was my first experience of living on my own and of living somewhere which wasn't my hometown,” he said in 2017. "Until that moment I was living with my parents and I knew everything in the neighbourhood. It was when I became an adult and I realised in that first year at Liverpool what a special club it is, with all the history and the tradition of Liverpool. From the first day you realise how big it is. "I was lucky enough to play in a fantastic final for Liverpool and to win that Champions League." It remains to be seen whether or not Liverpool will follow up their initial enquiries for Tah but they may have an ally in Alonso if they do.