Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp singled out five of his players for special praise and hailed Mohamed Salah as player on a "different level" after their 2-0 win over Everton ended their four-game winless run. The Reds secured a deserved victory at Anfield with their best performance of 2023 so far after Cody Gakpo and Salah got their names on the scoresheet. Liverpool had gone into the game down in 10th position in the Premier League and without a win since December 30 in the Premier League, having failed to win any of their last four matches. But after Salah took advantage of Jordan Pickford's early error to tap home into an empty net following a blistering counter-attack, it was one-way traffic at Anfield. The Reds put their Merseyside rivals to the sword with another swift counter-attack as Gakpo finally opened his account for the club with a close-range finish - his first goal since arriving in a £50m deal from PSV Eindhoven. But Salah's barren run - featuring only one goal in his last six games - told a different story and the Egyptian would have been relieved to bring an end to his poor form in front of goal. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp explains antics after Everton win - 'I didn't want to' Klopp was delighted with his side's improvement after launching a passionate defence of his squad and backroom team earlier this week, and pointed to Salah's impact, describing the 30-year-old's performance as "different level". "I saw a lot of really good performances tonight. Cody was really strong, I thought Darwin [Nunez]... the threat in behind and Mo played completely different level," Klopp told Sky Sports. "His level is physically really strong. Hendo was a one-man pressing machine and football-wise [we] worked really well together. Our standards showed up tonight, we are really happy." DON'T MISSGary Neville slams Pickford after Liverpool goal vs EvertonEverton boss Sean Dyche speaks out on being Liverpool fanJurgen Klopp responds to fears he will quit Liverpool It was not just the front three who took home the praise, however, as Jordan Henderson's efforts to cover an enormous distance were recognised, as well as teenage sensation Stefan Bajcetic. The Spaniard, who has now started the last three Premier League matches despite only turning 18 earlier this season, was awarded special praise by Klopp after he was given man of the match by former Reds defender Jamie Carragher. And Klopp said: "We are really happy with him, a top boy, really smart and calm. He played in a new position, at eight, and I asked him afterwards if he liked it and he said yes. It is a nice story." The result lifts Liverpool into ninth in the Premier League above fellow underachievers Chelsea, with the gap to the top four now cut down to nine points as the the Merseyside outfit target a late run at Champions League qualification.