Freezing fog can be treacherous, especially on wintery morning, so the experts at the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) have suggested a number of ways in which motorists can ensure that their journey is as smooth as it can be. Some of these include stopping and listening at junctions as well as topping up with screenwash. Always stop and listen at junctions in order to get as much extra information as you can about any oncoming vehicles. However, bear in mind that thick fog can have the effect of deadening sound and make judging the speed of other vehicles even more difficult. Give all your car windows a thorough cleaning, including the area beneath the windscreen wipers. READ MORE: Electric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost  It’s possible for dust, tar, tree sap and grime to build up at this time of year, so a regular check is necessary. Ensure that your windscreen washer reservoir is topped up with screen wash, so you can rinse off any debris while driving. Dirty windows have a tendency to mist up quickly, which can limit your visibility at a time when the weather conditions are already working against you. DON'T MISS De-icing cars can be made easier by using cooking spray and sanitiser [REVEAL] 'Unfair' parking fines are 'another reason' not to chose EVs [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to 'never' buy fuel from some petrol stations [WARNING] Switch on your headlights (dipped) and don’t rely on them switching on automatically if your car has this capability. And if you can see less than 100 metres, also switch on your fog lights (but remember to turn them off as soon as the fog lifts). Drive in such a way that you can always stop on your own side of the road and within the distance you can see to be clear. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030  Patchy fog isn’t always of the same density and can become thicker again, so be prepared to slow down. When it’s foggy and dark, it can be very difficult to see, so be watchful for any vulnerable road users, such as pedestrians and cyclists – especially on side roads and other areas where visibility is poor. Experts at the IAM added:  “If you experience a breakdown when visibility is poor and you’re on the hard-shoulder or a side road, make sure you and your car are always as obvious as possible to other road users.  "Keep the dipped headlights switched on and wear a high-visibility jacket to help other vehicles spot you while you wait for help. “If weather conditions are extremely bad simply avoid starting your journey at all.” Before setting off, drivers should also check that their wipers aren’t leaving strikes or hanging off as when driving during foggy conditions they need to be able to see as clearly as possible. Breaking some of the things outlined above could result in fines and more importantly a vehicle not being safe to use.    