 Waspi stands for Women Against State Pension Injustice, and represents around 3.8 million women born in the 1950s were hit by moves to lift their state pension age to bring it into line with men. They are making an extra push ahead of an upcoming ruling by Parliamentary & Health Service Ombudsman on whether they deserve compensation for having to wait five or six years longer than expected for their pension. They have arranged their next gathering, the 1950s Women’s National Rally, at the Millicent Fawcett statue in Westminster, London on March 8 at midday. Waspi women hope that this will once again bring public attention to what they see as ill treatment at the hands of the Department for Work & Pensions. The Pensions Act 1995 raised raise the retirement age for women in line with men. Previously, men got their state pension at 65 and women at 60. Campaigners said they did not get sufficient notice of the new policy. Kay Clarke, co-founder of campaign group Pension Partners for Justice (PP4J) and founder of 1950sWOW (Women of Wales), said Waspi women have been battling for justice ever since they received "the first handful of letters" warning them of the change in 2012. She said: “As France takes to the streets to rebel about pension age changes, how different it could have been if 1950s women been told about our state pension age changes when legislation was passed. “Instead the government chose not to send any form of official written notification until we were just one to three years away from 60.”    Waspi woman campaigners say the controversial move cost them up to £50,000 in lost pension. They claim many did not realise until the last minute that they would have to work for five or six years longer, and suffered massive hardship as a result. Clarke said they have been battling since the first handful of letters were received in 2012. “We have been ignored. No government representative has agreed to talk with us. We are the most vulnerable section of society, elderly ladies. An easy target.” Yet they refuse to give up and will rally again. “Please come and meet us on March 8, 2023. Many hundreds will be at the Millicent Fawcett statue where the truth about our campaign will be told.” Waspi campaigner Dee Wild said 1950s women will be coming from all over the country. “Some who cannot come through illness are donating to help others who cannot afford the travel but want to come.” She anticipates an "excellent turnout". “We are running away with support at the moment.” READ MORE: 'Now it's your turn' - Waspi woman issues state pension age warning  Eighteen months ago, Waspi women were celebrating what they saw as a supportive ruling by the Parliamentary & Health Service Ombudsman. It said the DWP should have written individual letters to affected women 28 months before it finally sent them out, which it called “maladministration”. That boosted Waspi compensation hopes and they are stepping up their campaign as decision day looms. The second of a three-part Ombudsman’s investigation has now been completed, which has repeated its view that the DWP was guilty of maladminstration, but added that this “did not lead to all the injustices claimed”. The Ombudsman is currently considering its third and final step, looking at what action it believes the DWP should take “to remedy the injustice found”. Its decision is due this spring. The DWP has repeatedly stated the decision was made to lift the state pension age for women was made more than 25 years ago, and has since been back to both by the High Court and Court of Appeal, with the Supreme Court refusing permission to appeal. That won't stop the Waspi women.  