In a move which could catalyse the break-up of the EU itself, the Commission said it would take Poland to the Court of Justice of the European Union. It did so because Poland's Constitutional Tribunal dared to say that the country's Constitution took precedence over EU law. In 2021 the Tribunal had said certain provisions of EU Treaties were incompatible with the Polish Constitution. Back then, the CJEU had ordered Poland to suspend laws governing the Disciplinary Chamber of its own Supreme Court. In the ruling this week, the European Commission went as far as questioning the legality of the Polish court. This is not the first time Poland has butted heads with the CJEU. In 2021, the CJEU imposed a €1m per day fine over the disciplining of Polish judges.What makes the timing of the latest judgement so striking is that this is the very same Tribunal which President Andrzej Duda has asked to review a bill designed to unlock €36bn in EU funds.This bill would mean the country's Supreme Administrative Court deals with disciplinary cases of judges instead of the Disciplinary Chamber.Of course, the governing Law and Justice party wants to see an injection of EU money. But more important is being seen to be cooperative with Brussels without compromising Poland's sovereignty.For many in Poland, it looks as if the European Commission is attempting to pull the rug out from underneath the Tribunal just before it rules on reforms to unlock EU cash.Even before this latest move, voices in Brussels were warning Poland's reforms did not go far enough. However, if the EU plays hardball then Poland's Government can say it did what it could without compromising on its own principles. The perception for many in Poland (as well as in Hungary - also at loggerheads with the EU and waiting on billions in euros) is that apparent concerns the EU have over judicial independence are actually a cover for imposing liberal values on conservative central and eastern European member states.Law and Justice - and its coalition partners in the United Right coalition - are also suspicious this is an attempt to sway the results of the upcoming Polish election, even with United Right still in the lead.While many in western Europe maintain that countries in central and eastern Europe knew what they were signing up to when they joined the EU, the counter-argument has been that membership has been something of a bait-and-switch.States like Hungary and Poland thought they were joining a beefed-up free trade bloc but found themselves in a liberal and centralised political union. At the heart of the matter is a division within Europe and the EU between a liberal west and a conservative east. With the latest move by the Commission, Poland could see the judiciary reform bill held up, even as many in Brussels will hope the Commission's latest move will force Duda to simply sign off on the bill.Of course, many in Poland will simply see this as yet more overreach by the EU, and crucially, neither side can really afford to back down.The toxic relationship between the two halves of the EU clearly needs an amicable separation, one which could see conservative states in the east forming their own confederation. The EU is a house divided against itself which is finding it increasingly impossible to stand.