Four teenagers have been charged after a 14-year-old girl committed suicide after dramatic footage of a bully attack emerged. The school kids attacked the girl at school, with a video of the assault posted online. Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her Bayville, New Jersey home on February 3, two days after the horrific video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The charges see one juvenile charged with aggravated assault, two juveniles charged with conspiracy to commit aggravated assault, and one juvenile charged with harassment. The video showed girls throwing a drink at the teen, then kicking and dragging her down school hallways. They pushed Adriana into red lockers lining the school hallways and one of the girls in a pink shirt punched Kuch repeatedly. Another girl outside of the video frame laughed as she recorded the scene. Two adults came in to break up the attack, with one adult pulling the teens apart. Adriana lay hurt and bruised on the hallway floor as the adult tried to help her up. "She loved life. She was the happiest kid. Everybody loved her," her father, Michael Kuch, told CBS New York on Thursday. He told the broadcaster that he wants everyone to see the video and what the teens did to his daughter. Kuch then said police should have been called immediately because the students, who he said his daughter had been having problems with, smashed her face with a 20-ounce bottle. "If they called the police and did an investigation, those girls would not have posted videos from school," Kuch added. READ MORE: Democrats turn on Biden over chaotic handling of border crisis He also hit out at school superintendent Triantafillos Parlapanides for citing personal details about Adriana's family life in his attempt to defend his department. Parlapanides told the Daily Mail: "Her father married the woman he had an affair with and moved her into the house. "Her grades and choices declined in 7th and 8th grade. We offered her drug rehab and mental services on 5 occasions but her father refused every time." School officials told CBS New York that they notified the family and called Adriana's death horrible. Each teenager and their guardian was served with a copy of their complaint and were released pending future court appearances, the prosecutor told CBS News. DON'T MISS China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot downBiden lashes out at GOP ‘dream’ to cut Social SecurityKate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir Students at the school staged a walkout Wednesday in support of Adriana's family. According to New Jersey law, minors charged with more serious offenses, including assault, can be tried in adult criminal court. The New Jersey prosecutor pursuing the case will be able to decide whether to try the four minors as adults over their involvement in Kuch's bullying video. The minor facing the aggravated assault charge could face between 18 months to 10 years and prison. For help: PAPYRUS (0800 068 41 41) is a voluntary organisation supporting teenagers and young adults Samaritans (116 123) or email jo@samaritans.org operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year Childline (0800 1111) runs a helpline for children and young people in the UK Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews