Endeavour is an ITV favourite and the detective drama will see Shaun Evans reprise the title role of DS Endeavour Morse for the very last time. This season will also see the actor direct the first episode, called Prelude. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the show returns. Mammoth founder Damien Timmer worked on the original Inspector Morse and initiated Endeavour along with Russell Lewis. He explained: "As Endeavour draws to a close, it's been an honour to be a part of this incredible journey. "I'm so proud of the remarkable cast and crew who have dedicated their time and efforts to bring the series to life over the last decade, and I'm certain that the fans will be moved by the final instalment." Endeavour's last season will start on Sunday, February 26 at 8pm on ITV1. The three episodes are called Prelude, Uniform and Exeunt. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item Alongside Evans, the series sees Roger Allam (Murder in Provence) return as DCI Fred Thursday. Some familiar include Sam, played by Jack Bannon, who arrives back from Northern Ireland following his service in the British Army. Other stars include Anton Lesser as CS Reginald Bright, Sean Rigby as DS Jim Strange, James Bradshaw as Dr Max DeBryn and Abigail Thaw as Dorothea Frazil. Caroline O’Neill returns as Win Thursday and Sara Vickers as Joan Thursday. The first episode is set in the spring of 1972 and it sees to unexplained deaths which lead to the Oxford Concert Orchestra. Meanwhile, a body found at an abandoned warehouse sparks fear that the criminal underworld has moved from London to Oxford. In episode two, Endeavour suspects a connection between a woman’s disappearance and her past employer. However, a pressing missing persons case demands his attention as it involves a notable artist, whose work adorns the covers of a series of paperback mysteries. DON'T MISS... Unforgotten's replacement lead admits 'nobody’s going to like me'Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored Fawlty Towers reboot takes into account 'people are a sensitive' In episode three, the synopsis reads: "Endeavour’s investigation into a number of untimely death notices in the Oxford Mail, each with a cryptic message, takes him to a series of funerals. "Then behind the curtain at a funeral directors’, before forcing him to confront his own mortality. "Thursday is facing more than one confrontation of his own, as his past closes in on him. "There’s trouble in the present to deal with first, and he resorts to desperate measures to protect those he loves most." Actor Evans opened up about what he wanted to achieve before the series concludes. He said: "Final episodes are always very difficult. You can’t please all of the people all of the time. "What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. "To not leave anybody feeling short changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied. "It’s also a thank you, in a way. To say, ‘Thank you so much for sticking with this over the past number of years.’"  Endeavour returns to ITV on February 26 at 8pm.