Pep Guardiola has fired back at Jamie Carragher by insisting that Erling Haaland is at the right club to showcase his incredible talent. The former Liverpool and England defender said after Manchester City’s defeat against Tottenham that Haaland would have been better suited to another of Europe’s top sides. He also maintained City had become “a lesser team” with him playing and that they were not making the best of his talents. Guardiola countered that the striker has settled in perfectly at City scoring 32 goals in all competitions. In addition with 26 goals in the league and his side top of the table and favourites to land the Champions League, things could be going worse. “All opinions are more than welcome and if Jamie Carragher says that but we are delighted to have him and we are delighted he chose us,” he said. “At the end he had all the world in his hands to choose where he was going to play – to stay in Dortmund or go to Madrid or Barcelona or other teams in England. But he chose us and that is why we are more than happy.” READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar have plans for first appointment if Glazers sell    Haaland has already streaked clear in the race for the Golden Boot having moved nine clear of Harry Kane on 17 when scoring against Arsenal last Wednesday. He has not only Alan Shearer and Andy Cole’s jointly held record of 34 goals in a Premier League season in his sights but a long-standing City record as well. Francis Lee’s 35 goals in 47 appearances in 1971-72 currently stands as the most goals per season but with Haaland on 32 with the season barely past halfway he looks sure to leave that one behind as well. Guardiola also says Ilkay Gundogan can leave with his blessing and heartfelt thanks if he chooses to bring the curtain down on his City career in the summer. The Germany international, 32, is out of contract at the end of the season. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'   And with Barcelona interested in a free transfer, a swansong at the Nou Camp could be in the offing. Guardiola has made it clear to City’s hierarchy that he would love him to stay but the City boss admitted he owed the club nothing after seven years of sterling service and his final-day heroics last season. Gundogan came off the bench on 68 minutes and scored two goals against Villa to top off a stunning come-from-behind 3-2 win and win the title. “What Ilkay has done against Aston Villa last season, he can do whatever he wants,” said Guardiola with a smile. “He knows my opinion about him and the club knows it. But it is a question for him and his agent. Whatever happens I’m sure it’s going to be pretty good for him.” 