Liverpool will reportedly target two marquee midfield signings this summer with Ryan Gravenberch supposedly on their radar to go with Jude Bellingham. Jurgen Klopp has taken on heavy criticism for not pushing for more midfield recruits over the past few seasons. Thiago Alcantara is the only new midfield signing Liverpool have made since 2018 as Georginio Wijnaldum's replacement. That same midfield unit were key in Liverpool battling on all four fronts last season, but the summer transfer window was seen as an opportunity to freshen things up. Thiago and Jordan Henderson will be 32 and 33 respectively by the start of next season while it remains uncertain whether James Milner, 37, will remain at the club. Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are also out of contract while loan signing Arthur Melo looks set to return to Juventus. Stefan Bajcetic's emergence over the past few months has been the only bright spot in an otherwise uninspiring season so far for Klopp's side. All their focus appears to be on this upcoming summer transfer window with the club seemingly ready to splash big money on getting the midfield signings they desperately need.  It will take a mammoth fee to win the race for Bellingham's signature with Real Madrid and Manchester City also said to be in the hunt. But Bellingham alone won't be enough to overhaul Liverpool's midfield and Sport 1 report that the Reds are monitoring Gravenberch's situation at Bayern Munich. Manchester United were strongly linked with the signing of Gravenberch last summer, but Bayern won the race for his signature in a deal worth up to £20million. He's struggled to replicate the kind of form he enjoyed at Ajax though and has started just one Bundesliga game so far this season. It's now being claimed that Liverpool officials have been privately discussing the possibility of making a move for Gravenberch at the end of the season. While it's said there is 'no concrete interest', Liverpool have reportedly reached out to the midfielder's representatives already.  Liverpool may face a battle to convince Bayern to sell though as the report adds they have no intention of letting him go. But it's suggested that Gravenberch may have something to say on his future if his minutes don't improve between now and the end of the season. Bayern boss Nagelsmann recently pleaded with Gravenberch to be patient as he believes the midfielder still needs time to get used to the Bundesliga. "This is quite normal and I will give them [Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui] the necessary time," he said. "The first responsibility is mine to give them the time to be at 100 per cent."