The award-winning soap Neighbours was axed by Channel 5 in 2022 after 37 years. After almost 9,000 episodes the soap ceased production in June as another network could not be found. However, fans were thrilled when Amazon's other streaming platform decided to give the show another chance. Viewers will be pleased to see the return of Annie Jones, who plays Jane Harris, and Rebekah Elmaloglou as Teresa Willis. Georgie Stone is also expected to return as Mackensie Hargreaves, with Tim Kano returning as Leo Tanaka as the cast heads back to Erinsborough. Other firm favourites reprising their roles are Ian Smith as Harold Bishop, April Rose Pengilly as Chloe Brennan and Melissa Bell as Lucy Robinson. All those returning to Ramsey Street will be joined by some of the show's other much-loved characters.  READ MORE:Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' They include Stefan Dennis who has been in the soap since it first aired, along with Alan Fletcher, Ryan Malony, and Jackie Woodbourne. The new chapter of the much-loved soap will be the continuation of what happens after the emotional finale last year. Viewers were ecstatic to see some of the show's most iconic characters make a surprise return to Ramsey street. They were surprised when some of the stars who had gone on to become global superstars returned to say farewell to the soap. Viewers were stunned to Kylie Minogue who played Charlene Ramsey and Jason Donovan who played Scott Robinson reunite as an onscreen couple. Singers Natalie Imbruglia who played Beth Brennan and Holly Valance who starred as Felicity Scully were also featured. As were Hollywood hard hitters Guy Pierce as Mike Young and Margot Robbie as Donna Freedman, who showed up to say goodbye. Fans will be pleased to know filming is scheduled to start this spring and the show will be streaming exclusively on Amazon Freevee in the UK and the US. DONT MISS: BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company The soap will also stream in Ireland, New Zealand, and South Africa. If fans can't wait for their dose of life in Erinsborough, they will be pleased to know Amazon Prime Video will feature two series-themed FAST channels on the service. Neighbours- Looking Back is currently streaming and Best of Neighbours will start on March 7. Channel 5’s decision to axe the popular Aussie soap caused an international outcry with fans demanding the network bring back the soap. The show had been aired on British screens for over 35 years and fans were dismayed by the decision to end the long-running show. The decision was made by Channel 5 bosses who felt the show budget could be better spent on British shows. At the time, speaking to Radio 5, Channel 5 boss Ben Frow said: "I could spend the money on other things, which is what I decided to do. I can better spend the Neighbours money on UK shows." However online streaming service Amazon snapped up the show and has decided to bring the soap back to life much to the delight of viewers.