Sadly, scams are rife as criminals step up their efforts to target unsuspecting individuals. However, there is one particular type of scam which has seen a “sharp rise” recently, according to Metro Bank. Investment scams and HMRC hoaxes are rising, with criminals seeking to impersonate genuine organisations for their own unscrupulous gains. Metro Bank shared the story of Emma, who like many others, was looking for the best savings option possible. She was keen to invest her long term savings into an ISA - a tax-free savings account - for the new tax year. As is common with millions of savers, Emma was looking for the best rate available for her money. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' This led her to searching online for a high-return ISA account, and when she found an offer in just a few clicks, she was delighted. Emma recognised the company at the top of the results and followed the link. They were offering accounts with solid, yet seemingly realistic interest rates and her familiarity with the name made her want to enquire. As a result, she signed up to enquire and received a call that afternoon from some claiming to be a savings manager. DON'T MISSHMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [INSIGHT]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED]TSB announces full list of 2023 bank closures [LATEST] The manager put her at ease, stating they understood her needs and would open a one-year fixed-term ISA. Emma was provided with access to her account on the very same day, alongside confirmation details, and she thought no more of it. However, once it was time for the ISA to mature, Emma started to look into her options. She tried to contact the company to collect her funds but was shocked to discover they had no accounts relating to her, and she had never invested with them. READ MORE: Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 Sadly, Emma had fallen victim to an investment scam. She had never visited the real website or spoken to a genuine savings manager. Instead, scammers had created a fake website and fake documents to lure her in. The facade meant she had lost her money, an outcome which would be devastating to many. With the current tax year set to end on April 5, it is likely scammers will now be stepping up their efforts to target as many Britons as possible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As a result, it is important for individuals to remain on guard and vigilant to potentially being targeted in this way. Baz Thompson, Metro Bank’s head of fraud and investigations, said: “The key to preventing both these types of scams is to take a few minutes to check you are dealing with a legitimate source and never be pressured to act quickly. “Avoid clicking on any advert you see on social media and be aware that most fraudsters want to make the offer seem appealing by offering great returns on your money quickly – both the rate and speed should make you suspicious and act with caution. “Sadly, consumers should also be aware that scammers can compromise the social media accounts of their friends and then make contact as if it was their friend making a recommendation. “A good rule of thumb is if it sounds too good to be true it probably is.” The expert also added Britons “need to do more to protect themselves”, and urged people to report instances of scams. This can be done by contacting Action Fraud, the national cybercrime and fraud reporting service, or Police Scotland.