George Russell has refused to confirm whether Mercedes have solved the porpoising issues which plagued the team last year. Russell and Lewis Hamilton put the new W14 through its paces over two days at Silverstone after launching the new car on Wednesday. The pair were both positive on the new car but Russell did not speculate on whether the Silver Arrows' main problem had been sorted. Instead, he delivered a cryptic response as he told fans to see for themselves at Bahrain’s pre-season test. When pushed on if the bouncing was alleviated, Russell simply replied: “You’ll see next week.” After taking the car for a spin, Russell added: “It's great to get on track with the W14. It was very cold and greasy out there today, but the car ran smoothly, and we completed all the laps we are permitted to do. "We know pre-season testing in Bahrain will be the first real test of the car. Nevertheless, it looks great out on circuit and the feeling from within the car is so far, so good." READ MORE: McLaren boss fires 'short-sighted' accusation at Wolff and Horner The German manufacturer struggled to compete with Red Bull last season after suffering from porpoising early on. Engineers seemed to find a solution during the middle of the campaign with Hamilton and Russell competing at the sharp end by the final few races. But, both drivers reported the issues had returned at the final round in Abu Dhabi in a major blow. The FIA have mandated new ride heights for 2023 in a bid to tackle the problem which could play a major part. Without confirming if the bouncing had been fixed, Hamilton hinted his drive was “comfortable”. DON'T MISSFerrari accused of using 'subterfuge' as Italian squad 'copy' Mercedes [INSIGHT]Alpine lay out plan to catch Red Bull and Mercedes  [ANALYSIS]George Russell declares personal goal for 2023 at Mercedes launch [COMMENT] It appears a stark contrast to the 2022 Azerbaijan Grand Prix where the seven-time world champion had complained of back pains. He explained: “It has been great to get up and running with the W14. "It is always a much-anticipated moment for everyone at the factory that has been working so hard; I'm incredibly grateful for all the effort that has gone in. The day has been smooth; we got through a good programme, and we've come away with some useful findings. I generally felt comfortable in the car and I'm excited to get going in Bahrain."