A man in his 50s has been rushed to the hospital in a serious condition after a tree was blown down on a street in Sheffield. The man has been seriously injured after the tree fell on Endcliffe Vale Road in Sheffield at about 08:50 am, according to local police. A nearby building was also damaged, and structural engineers are on the scene while the road remains closed. South Yorkshire Police said they were called to Endcliffe Vale Road at 8.50 am on Friday. A spokesperson said: "A man in his 50s was injured and was taken to hospital in serious condition. A property nearby was also damaged and structural engineers are at the scene. "The road is currently closed with emergency services at the scene. The council and GeoAmey are also currently in attendance. "Motorists are advised to take alternative routes whilst the road is closed." Gusts of winds up to 70mph brought on by Storm Otto have also caused widespread travel disruption throughout the region. Northern Trains reported severe problems, with a number of services in West and North Yorkshire cancelled or delayed. An overturned lorry has closed the A1(M) in North Yorkshire between junctions 48 and 49. The road was also closed in both directions to high-sided vehicles between junctions 47 near York and 56 near Darlington due to strong winds, according to National Highways. READ MORE: Train carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan The Met Office has issued a yellow wind warning that will be in effect until 2 pm. Many trees have been felled across the region, including one that partially blocked Scott Hall Road, one of the main routes into Leeds. Due to high winds, several planes were unable to land at Leeds Bradford Airport, and some flights were diverted to Liverpool. Power lines have also been damaged, with supplies cut off for over 8,000 customers across the region. DON'T MISS:Investigation launched into UK’s response to migrant boat tragedy [REPORT]Amanda Abbington's fiancé offered actress a 'way out' after paralysis [REPORT]U-haul truck drives into people on sidewalk in Bay Ridge area [REPORT] Teams are responding to debris that had been blown onto rail lines, according to Network Rail. The Met Office issued a warning for much of the region, stating that there was a "small chance of injuries and danger to life from flying debris," as well as a risk of building damage, such as tiles blown off roofs. It also warned of the possibility of large waves, particularly along the North Sea coast. The Danish Met Office named the storm Otto. The same name has been adopted by the UK Met Office. READ NEXT:Brit skier, 50, dies after 'high speed' crash in French AlpsFirst photos released of dog walker mauled to death in brutal attackEminem's body double Ryan Shepard dies aged 40 after he's hit by carJeremy Clarkson 'cuts half of thumb off' in gruesome kitchen accidentCaravan owners risk 'costly' £3,900 repair bill when driving