On Wednesday, The View returned to ABC for another episode of the hit talk show, with its panel of all-star hosts discussing the latest headlines. This time, Hollywood actor Liam Neeson made an appearance to chat about his career with the ladies. But things took a turn, as host Joy Behar lashed out at producers for “embarrassing” her in front of the Taken star. The actor’s segment began with him talking to Behar about how there are "no egos on stage" referring to the theatre. Whilst blushing, Behar replied: "I believe you. Whatever you say, I believe you!" Co-host Sunny Hostin then jumped in and told Neeson: "She will believe anything that you say because it's no secret that Joy thinks you're the hottest, the greatest ever." She continued: "And in case there was any doubt, we have a few times she has brought you up over the years” READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton unrecognisable in new Instagram photos Producers then cut to a hilarious montage of the 80-year-old gushing over Neeson during previous episodes of The View. In the clip, Behar could be heard referencing the Taken actor, even mentioning how she would like her ashes sprinkled over him. The cameras cut back to Behar in the studio, who could be seen nervously laughing along with her co-hosts and Neeson himself. The comedian then turned to the panel asking: "Am I blushing?" as Liam also looked rather awkwardly. Panellist Ana Navarro then shouted: "She just asked, 'Am I blushing?' Is he blushing?" whilst gesturing at Neeson. In an attempt to make his admirer Behar feel less embarrassed, Neeson turned to her and joked: "Joy, you received the cheques right?" Behar replied: "I'm sorry, I'm speechless at this point. How embarrassing when they put them all together like that!" The comedian then called out a producer on The View and said: "That was evil, Brian! Embarrassing me and Liam!" DON'T MISS:Scooby Doo spinoff Velma sparks outrage with sickle cell jokeLaw and Order SVU confirms return of two familiar facesDrew Barrymore breaks down in tears as she shares family concerns Fans of the hit chat show thought the whole thing was hilarious and took to Twitter to comment. One amused fan, @Tfcosmo1959 commented: “Too funny! I thought Joy was going to drop an egg LMAO @ananavarro.” @Texasblaze69 agreed with Behar’s reaction to the Hollywood actor, adding: “You lucky ladies! I would’ve been swooning, too!” Another vi23revieewer, @lmws wrote: “Awe so happy Joy got to meet her Liam Neeson. Such a cute segment! #TheView #JoyBehar #LiamNeeson.” The host recently declared her love for the Hollywood actor when she revealed what she wants to happen to her body when she dies in an episode last month. After a commercial break, Behar opened up the next segment by explaining a story about a woman in the UK who had her dying wish fulfilled at her funeral when a flashmob of dancers performed a surprise rendition of Queen's classic song, Another One Bites The Dust. The host then admitted: "I don't know… I would just like to have my ashes sprinkled over Liam Neeson, and that would be enough for me!” The View airs weekdays at 11am ET on ABC in the USA.