Laundry detergents, stain removers and other cleaning products can soon add up in price when we buy them on a monthly basis. While they are essential items, with a cost of living crisis raging on, Britons are looking to save money wherever they can. With this in mind, former Great British Bake Off winner turned savvy cleaning guru, Nancy Birtwhistle, has shared her money-saving household hacks aimed to save Britons both time and cash. From homemade washing detergent that costs just 1p per load, to giving tea mugs a new lease of life and shifting stubborn pen marks from clothing, Nancy’s hacks are both “budget-friendly” and avoid using “harmful chemicals”. Nancy teamed up with Specsavers Home Visits for the household hacks and shared a video on her Instagram account. In the video, she shared an overview of the hacks and why they’re important now more than ever. She said: “Hi, I’m Nancy, you might remember me as the winner of the Bake Off, but I also have a passion not only for baking but for budget-friendly and eco-friendly household tips and hacks. “We’re going to be making a litre of laundry detergent for 10p. We're going to be cleaning the washing machine. We're going to be tackling those impossible marks from the laundry, and we'll be cleaning up those stubborn stains, from cups and teapots. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito “None of it involves any harmful chemicals, and all of it is as cheap as chips. “Just like my grandma did for me, I think it's so important that we pass information on. If I can pass that information and tips onto the younger generation, - brilliant.” Nancy said the tips are about going “back to basics” using simple ingredients to create effective cleaning solutions. It’s easy to spend up to £7 or more on washing detergent depending on the brand and where you buy it from, which can soon add up if you wash your clothes regularly. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] Nancy’s “easy method” for making your own washing detergent will make one litre of detergent, costing just 1p per load. Nancy adds this straight in with her washing and it works at any temperature. What you need: 30g washing soda Bar of soap 1tsp washing up liquid Scented essential oil (optional) Soap or food colouring (optional) Blender or whisk 250ml boiling water Jug Knife Chopping board Method: 1. Chop the bar of soap up finely and put it in a blender to grind into powder. 2. Put the ground soap into a one litre jug and add 250ml boiling water and 30g of washing soda. 3. Grind the mixture with a stick blender/ whisk until smooth. 4. Add lavender essential oil to perfume the detergent (optional) and add soap or food colouring to add a tint (optional). 5. Add a teaspoon of eco-friendly washing up liquid to emulsify. 6. Next, pour in your boiling water until you get the desired consistency. Mix until thickened. Leave for two hours before adding it to a litre bottle. READ MORE: Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier This handy hack will banish mould spores, detergent build up and limescale that are all too often lurking in the detergent drawer. The result will be a sparkling clean detergent drawer, free from unpleasant smells. You can use the vinegar spray to clear detergent from the rubber seal around the door’s rim too. What you need: White vinegar Old toothbrush Method 1. Use an old toothbrush to loosen any mould in the washing machine tray. 2. Scrub the drawer thoroughly with the white vinegar and rinse the drawer in the sink. School polo shirts are prone to getting marker pen on them from whiteboard pens and once the shirt has been washed, it could be ruined for good. However, with this easy pre-wash trick, your stains should be removed before they are put into the wash. You can also use rubbing alcohol to remove makeup stains from a coat collar. What you need: Small mixing bowl Old towel or mixing cloth Cotton pad Surgical spirit (rubbing alcohol or vodka is fine) Method: 1. Upturn a bowl to create a surface and place a towel over it. 2. Place the ink-stained part of the shirt over the towel. 3. Add your spirit to a cotton pad and dab over the shirt gently but thoroughly. 4. Frequently swap pads in order to keep the stain from moving to other parts of the shirt. As a nation of tea-drinkers, it’s not uncommon for our favourite mugs to become covered in tea stains over time. Nancy has shared a quick hack to give china a new lease of life and restore it to its former glory. What you need: Bicarbonate of soda Hot soapy water Exfoliating glove/ pan sponge Cold water to rinse Method: 1. Wet the inside of the mug and add a teaspoon of bicarbonate soda into the damp mug and shake thoroughly so it sticks to the tea stains inside. 2. Once the mug is coated, dampen an exfoliating glove and clean the inside of the mug. 3. Next, rinse the mug in hot soapy water and leave it to dry. Nancy’s hacks form part of the Specsavers Home Visits #GenerationWOW campaign, which shines a light on the wonderful wisdom that older people have to share with the younger generation.