Meghan Markle and Prince Harry "want a capitulation and apology" from the Royal Family for the treatment they alleged to receive, a royal insider claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex accused royal aides of actively working against them and refusing to counter negative press coverage about them. The couple is now expected to return to the UK to attend the King's coronation but speculation is rife about the state of their relationship with the family. The insider said: "The problem is that [the Sussexes] want a capitulation and apology by the palace, but when 'recollections vary,' that's quite difficult." Prince Harry has called on his family to apologise to his wife for the treatment she received when she joined the institution. In an interview last month, the Duke of Sussex insisted the current feud was "avoidable" as he claimed the Royal Family had been treating him as if he were "delusional and paranoid." He said: "It was all so avoidable. But they just couldn't help themselves. JUST IN: Royal Family told to be 'smart' and 'seek peace' with Harry and Meghan ahead of Coronation "You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you've been caught out, so just come clean." Royal historian Robert Lacey said the rift might take a while still to be fully resolved because of the "grave disagreement" that emerged. But he noted Harry and Meghan's behaviour during the Platinum Jubilee and family funerals showed they could set aside their feud to put up a united front with the institution when required. Lacey told PEOPLE: "It is almost insulting to ask, 'When are they going to kiss and make up?' There have been some very grave disagreements between them. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new Sussex rebrand "But the Platinum Jubilee and the funerals of the Queen and Prince Philip did demonstrate that they could put personal enmity aside for the sake of the bigger cause. "And that is what the coronation will be all about." Indeed Robert Jobson, who has long been covering the Royal Family, suggested His Majesty might seek to postpone peace negotiations with the Sussexes until after the coronation. He said: "There's not been much connection, even that Welby stuff is wide of the mark, there's a lot of guesswork going on. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] "My understanding is that there's been no real contact whatsoever so I don't know where a lot of people are getting it from. I'm told that it's not the case. "The last thing they'll want to be doing is having all sorts of reconciliation talks in the middle of a coronation. "The world doesn't revolve around Meghan and Harry even if they think it does. They're focused on state visits to Germany and France and then the coronation." The King was previously believed to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to act as an intermediary with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to strike an agreement ahead of Charles III's official anointment. Express.co.uk revealed on Friday that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been included on the guest list for the coronation. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION]