Tony Christie joined Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster on GB News on Wednesday to discuss his upcoming UK tour, recording new music and how he’s coped since being diagnosed with dementia. During the interview, Eamonn reflected on an incident where he inadvertently forgot Tony’s name years previously. Eamonn asked Tony whether “remembering words” had become a problem. “I’ve been recording since 1967, I’ve done hundreds of songs. You start putting new songs in your show and I’m thinking, ‘I’ve not song that song for 50 years.’ So I use TV [screens] on stage so I can look down and remind myself of the lyrics.” Later, Eamonn reflected: “When you and I first met which was over 40 years ago do you remember that I did an interview with you at Ulster Television in Belfast?” Tony confirmed that he did as Eamonn told Isabel: “I finished the interview, interviewing this great man and I said to him, ‘Tony Bennett thank you very much indeed.’” Read more: Tony Christie shares he's 'on strong tablets' in dementia update “He appeared later in the programme and [Tony] had a sign around his neck,” Eamonn continued before asking the singer: “Do you remember what it said?” “I’ve never forgotten that show,” an amused Tony replied. Eamonn told his co-host: “He had a sign that said, ‘My name is Tony Christie.’” “You needed the prompter,” Isabel teased. “You had early onset [dementia]. “Ever since that mistake I have to write down the name of every guest.” Tony opened up on how he’s “coping” with his dementia diagnosis. “It’s just one of those things I was diagnosed with two years ago,” he said. “I’ve been on very strong tablets ever since which has knocked it down. DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes 'can't stand it' as GB News host apologises for habit [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [INTERVIEW]Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla [INSIGHT] “I’m coping with it. It’s not really effecting my life I don’t even think about I just carry on with what I do and that’s it.” Isabel continued: “So many watching and listening to this interview will either be living with it themselves or have loved ones living with it. “It’s so widespread we’ve all been touched in some way by this. “We’re told that music is a huge help for people who are living with the condition.” Isabel pointed out this was “handy” for the best-selling performer. “Music is one of the cures of dementia and thank god that’s what I do for a living,” Tony added. “This is going to be one of my busiest years. It’s my 80th birthday in April and we’re planning tours, we’re planning TV shows, I’m recording in Nashville doing two albums in the next two, three months and then a big tour.” 