The NBA All-Star game is back on Sunday night, as Team LeBron take on Team Giannis with the best talent across the east and the west going head-to-head. Team LeBron edged Team Durant 163-160 last time out, with Stephen Curry scoring 50 points on the night. Team Giannis will replace Team Durant in this All-Star game this year, taking on the team led by the new all-time NBA points record holder LeBron James. Giannis Antetokounmpo may actually be a doubt for the game after spraining his right wrist on Thursday night, but his side will still be stacked with talent as they look to get the best of James' team. It's the 72nd NBA All-Star weekend, and as always, tipped to be one of the best. The All-Star game may be on Sunday, but it's a weekend filled with action - starting with the celebrity All-Star game on Friday night. Here, Express Sport gives you all of the information necessary to tune in, and what to expect. The game will be streamed live on Sky Sports Main Event and Arena in the UK, and the action will start at 1am UK time on Monday. It's also available via the NBA game pass for a cost, for those who don't already hold a Sky Sports subscription. Coverage begins at 11pm Sunday night if you wish to catch all of the build-up before the game, and Post Malone will be performing before the tip-off. Famous actor Vin Diesel will also be announcing the player intros on Sunday night, adding to the pre-game drama. The game will be hosted in Salt Lake City, with the home of the Utah Jazz the venue for the event. Vivint Arena is where the best NBA players will all club together, in front of a sell-out 18,300 crowd. The celebrity game begins on Friday night/Saturday morning, tipping-off at 1am UK time on Saturday. Celebrities participating include musicians Janelle Monae and 21 Savage, alongside past and present NFL stars Calvin Johnson and DK Metcalf. Saturday morning will be a practice session for the NBA All-Star game, while the competition really begins later on in the day. Saturday night will see the skill games taking place, with the dunk contest, three-point challenge and skills challenge all getting underway from 8pm on Saturday. Eastern Conference: Giannis Antetokounmpo, Kyrie Irving, Donovan Mitchell, Jayson Tatum, Kevin Durant (out due to injury, will be replaced). Reserves: Jaylen Brown, Joel Embiid, Demar DeRozan, Julius Randle, Jrue Holiday, Tyrese Haliburton, Bam Adebayo, Pascal Siakam. Western Conference: LeBron James, Nikola Jokic, Stephen Curry, G, Golden State Warriors (out due to injury, will be replaced) Luka Doncic, Zion Williamson (out due to injury, will be replaced). Reserves: Damian Lillard, Paul George, Lauri Markkanen, Ja Morant, Jaren Jackson Jr., Domantas Sabonis, Anthony Edwards, De'Aaron Fox, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander.