Keeping kitchen sinks clean can be difficult as they’re often used for washing up, preparing food and cleaning household items. The kitchen sink can be prone to a buildup of food, grease, limescale, soap scum and food waste. Rather than turning to strong chemical cleaners, natural, eco-friendly options will be less harsh, cheaper and clean your sink just as effectively. Laura Harnett, founder of Seep eco-cleaning products, has shared just how to clean your kitchen sink using natural and affordable cleaning products. Laura claimed following this method at the end of the day once a month is a “great way” to ensure you’re starting off the morning with a “clean slate”, as well as a clean sink. Firstly, homeowners need to “rinse out the sink” and remove everything including dishes and food scraps. The cleaning expert suggested using baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, to clean your kitchen sink. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos She said: “Give the entire sink a generous sprinkling of baking soda, including the sides. This can be done with a spoon or just by shaking the box directly over the sink. “Dampen a sponge and, using the soft side, start to scrub the basin in circular motions. Baking soda has a coarseness to it that will remove grime but is also gentle enough to not scratch the sink.” Use white vinegar to rinse the sink. The baking soda will react with the white vinegar and foam up to produce carbon dioxide gas which effectively removes dirt and grime when cleaning. These “magic ingredients” work together to dissolve the bicarbonate of soda and any grease. DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [UPDATE]Use natural method that 'takes no time at all' to descale kettle [ANALYSIS] Laura added: “Vinegar will also naturally disinfect the sink, keeping it germ-free. Make sure to use enough vinegar to dissolve all of the baking soda. “Rinse the sink thoroughly with warm water. Don’t let any of the baking soda or vinegar dry on the sink as this will cause streaks. “The warm water also helps any remaining baking soda to dissolve in the drain.” Next, use a clean and dry cloth to wipe down any remnants from the sink and dry it off. Finally, take a slice of lemon and rub it over the sink. READ MORE: Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This will help the sink keep its new baking soda shine for longer while keeping it smelling zesty and clean. After using this method, the sink should have a “beautiful and natural shine” that lasts for “several weeks”. “You should only need to clean your sink once a month,“ Laura added. White vinegar, baking soda and lemons can be bought from most local supermarkets or online. DriPak Pure White Vinegar costs £1 from Wilko and Stardrops white vinegar spray costs £1 from Asda. Cooks' Ingredients Baking Powder costs £1.40 from Waitrose & Partners, Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75 and Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda costs £2 from Ocado. Sainsbury's Lemons cost 25p each JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda lemons cost 55p for four. The tools you choose to clean the sink are just as important as the cleaners. Over 80 percent of washing up sponges are made from virgin plastic, which can’t be recycled, totalling a massive 600 million sponges being added to landfill every year in the UK. Rather than using a plastic sponge, you can use a natural cleaning sponge or scourer. Seep EcoSponge with Scourer costs £9.50 for a pack of four and Mr Eco Non-Scratch Fibre and Cellulose Sponges cost £3.99 for two from Lakeland. Zero Waste Club Biodegradable Kitchen Sponges cost £3.15 for two from Ocado.