The hit thriller series You is back with its fourth season, following the nail-biting life of Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) as he attempts to start a new life in London. Season four has seen the return of a few Netflix show favourites but former You star, Jenna Ortega, missed out on featuring in the new season due to other commitments. The creators of the popular Netflix show You had plans in the making to bring Jenna Ortega back for season four, but she was too busy filming Wednesday. The actress starred as Ellie Alves in the second season of the chilling Netflix drama, as fans watched her developing a dysfunctional bond with serial killer Joe. But plans never left the drawing board when not long after, she was cast to play the role of Wednesday Addams in the Tim Burton series. The Addams Family spin-off became a blockbuster hit, holding the record for the most hours viewed in a week for an English-language TV series. READ MORE: Sex Education fans heartbroken as leading star confirms exit The popular show sees the character prevent a killing spree terrorising the town and solve a 25-year mystery involving her parents. Sera Gamble, who is the showrunner for You, revealed there were plans to bring Ortega’s character Ellie back for the fourth instalment of the show. But the actress’ schedule on Wednesday clashed with the production of You. Gamble explained: "We wanted to bring Ellie back and we heard, “Oh, Jenna is doing some show.” But the plans to see the return of Ellie haven't been completely scrapped as Gamble told IndieWire: “It’s been just such a pleasure to see Jenna this year. “We have ideas for Ellie if her schedule allows her to visit us again.” However, due to the record-breaking success of The Addams Family spin-off, Wednesday, which has been renewed for a second season, it can only be expected Ortega will be even harder to pin down in the future. The 20-year-old is also set to feature in the latest instalment of Scream, which follows Tara (Ortega) and sister Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) as they swap Woodsboro for New York. The first look of the show dropped last month, showing the masked murderer hunting the cast around the streets of the concrete jungle, as their "shrine" to previous Ghostfaces was revealed. DON'T MISS: Below Deck Med’s Hannah Ferrier dishes jibe at Captain SandyThe Bachelor fans outraged promo clip 'exposes' next bachelorette Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes The actress told Entertainment Weekly what fans could expect from her new role as she deals with a "suffocating" sibling, as well as Ghostface’s ongoing killing spree. She said: “At the top of the film we see my character Tara avoiding her trauma and desperately trying to reclaim her teenage experience and become normal college student. "There’s a lot of tension between her and Sam, she feels as though she’s too protective and unwilling to allow them both to move on. She feels suffocated,” she added. The sixth film of the Scream franchise will premiere in cinemas on March 10, where fans can watch the bloody rampage of Ghostface in theatres. As for the other popular Netflix hit You, the fourth instalment following the murdering psychopath Joe, debuted on Thursday. Season four will be released in two parts, with episodes one to five already streaming and the second part will air on March 9, 2023. The fifth and final episode of part one left fans on the edge of their seats with a cliffhanger, psyching them up for part two which will air in a few weeks' time. You season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on March 9, 2023.