King Charles, 74, is yet to move into Buckingham Palace and is currently residing at Clarence House with his wife Queen Camilla. But his private home continues to remain closed at the moment. Clarence House used to throw open its door each summer, during the months of August, to allow visitors to admire some of its rooms and glorious grounds. However, since the pandemic it has remained closed, with only snippets being seen via video calls.  The website reads: "Clarence House is currently closed to visitors," and does not have any details for reopening times. This indicates that this summer the London property will again remain closed to the public. READ MORE: Kate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple  While His Majesty has not formally addressed his home's closure, it seems likely that the King is enjoying the privacy of his own house. Considering he how has plenty of other royal homes to open, there is no need especially to open up Clarence House. The monarch's Scottish home Balmoral, for example, will be open from April 1 this year. A Tweet announcing the news read: "Balmoral will re-open to the public on 1st April 2023.    "Plan ahead and secure your tickets now to experience the beauty and history of one of Scotland’s most iconic landmarks." Clarence House is steeped in royal history, having first been built by John Nash in the 1820s for King George III's third son, the Duke of Clarence. Many royals have called Clarence House home over the decades, including then-Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh in the years before the late Queen's reign began. After the death of King George VI, the Queen Mother would live at Clarence House for 50 years until she died in 2002. READ MORE: Zara Tindall exercises for 'eight hours a day' for perfect weight loss   Heartbroken by the death of his beloved grandmother, King Charles moved into Clarence House in 2003. While he has put his own stamp on the property, the future King has maintained many of the late royal's interior design choices in tribute. Many areas of Clarence House remain off-limits to the public as it is King Charles and Camilla's home, but some rooms are well-documented. Members of Team ExtraOARdinary met Queen Camilla at Clarence House last year, and the room they were sitting in was ornately decorated in blue and gold.  Photos showed that several paintings were dotted around the room, and several photographs were laid on tables around what looked like an antique furniture suite. Royal fans were previously given a glimpse of this room during the state visit of former US president Donald Trump and his wife Melania, and the room boasted stunning green lamps and a plate collection. Another photo previously taken inside Clarence House showed off a corner of The Garden Room boasting a French writing desk with a bust of Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother, underneath the Noah's Ark painting by Leandro Bassano. A grand staircase at Clarence House surrounded by paintings was also shown to the public when King Charles delivered a speech in 2007. 