Aries (Mar21/Apr20) There has been no movement here for some time and now that one of you has taken the initiative, you will hopefully find a way to move forward together. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Recent events have changed the way you view a relationship and how you feel about and relate to each other. You might realise you’ve been expecting too much from a partner. Some people are more compatible as friends than lovers and this could be such a relationship. Gemini (May22/June21) Someone who was in a position of power has made some bad decisions. They may not be in charge now but their mistakes need to be rectified. Others might start to look to you to figure out where, how and why it all went wrong. Cancer (June22/July23) A relationship isn’t working as you had hoped it would. The longer you spend together, the longer you are delaying the inevitable. Moving on and pursuing a new love would be best for you both. Leo (July24/Aug23) A new boss or business partner will have a different way of running things. Their methods may not match up to your idea of the needs of the job. Although you could say something immediately, why not give them a little more time before launching into any real criticism? Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) It will take time to understand new routines or to get used to technical devices that are being introduced to the work scene. Arguments will revolve around how to make the best of changes that are unwanted by many.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A close friend or housemate is not going to change patterns they were allowed to indulge in, as a child. They are used to getting their own way and this kind of attitude means you are always having to forget your own needs in favour of theirs. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Because you have weighed the pros and cons and you still remain uncertain about what you really want, a lot of your decision making will be based on intuition and feelings. What is strange about this is that something is urging you to try things you would normally avoid. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) A new relationship doesn’t seem to be working quite the way either of you had imagined or expected. Romantically, you aren’t drawn to each other but other than this you get on really well. It doesn’t have to be all or nothing; a compromise can be reached. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) A colleague will admit to having ignored some good advice. They made a big mistake in going their own way and you will respect their need to spend some time reflecting on their decisions. An incident in your neighbourhood will shock many people. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Someone has betrayed you and this hurts most because you had trusted them with a secret you have shared with no other. A work contract isn’t worth the paper it is printed on when the other party welches on a deal. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You can’t understand why it is taking so long for a partner to make a decision. You have already made your mind up and you’re hoping they feel the same way but you’re starting to get the impression they aren’t really interested.