Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta insists Bukayo Saka must protect himself on the football pitch. The winger has been on the end of some tough tackling throughout his superb campaign so far in the Premier League. Only two players have registered more goals and assists combined than Saka in the top flight this term. He has 10 goals and eight assists and has started every match. But barely a game goes by where he does not require attention from the Arsenal medical staff, or at least a brief break in play after being brought down. Saka has been fouled 40 times in the Premier League this season, only four of which have resulted in yellow cards for his opponent. The 21-year-old is essential to Arsenal and irreplaceable in their quest for a first title since 2004. An audible deep breath can be heard in the crowd when Saka is down in pain. READ MORE: Mudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  But Arteta has no complaints at how tackles on Saka have been officiated this season and instead says he must look after himself. The academy graduate reacted angrily to a challenge from Philippe Coutinho last Saturday, which Arteta said was just the right side of the line. Arteta said: "The first one who has to protect Bukayo is himself. There are many ways to do that on a football pitch – within the rules – and he needs to learn and improve that. "He reacted in a way but that line is extremely thin and that cannot take him out of his game and lose the focus. But he can help that, as well, to have more focus, more determination, more belief for the next action. So it’s something he needs to do." DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emergeFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ and overlooks BrentfordChelsea owner Boehly warned selling two players would see club 'lose its soul'  It is not a new problem for Saka. He has often been targeted throughout his time at Arsenal, dating back to his academy days. But he has shown true resilience. He has started 62 of the last 65 league games, coming on as a substitute in the other three. Arteta insists Saka is not concerned about challenges on him and is ready to be up for the fight. He added: "The word I would use is normality. He’s used to it since he was 10, 11, 12 years old because that’s the game that he plays. "I don’t see it like he’s concerned at all. It’s a challenge he’s going to face with every opponent he faces - he wants to win that challenge. That’s it."  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.