Chancellor Jeremy Hunt made the announcement in his Autumn Statement back in November and will give three million people who receive PIP a much-needed boost to their income. Households are currently dealing with a soaring inflation rate and sky-high energy bills so any boost could be vital for those families on low incomes. PIP is a disability benefit given to those who have long-term physical disabilities or mental health conditions and are over the age of 16 years but under the state pension age. The amount someone gets is dependent on how their condition affects the tasks of their everyday life. The benefit is split into two components, the daily living part and the mobility part. Each part pays a lower and a higher rate depending on how the condition or disability affects them. READ MORE: State pensioners set to receive £300 cost of living payment - how to claim As it stands, a claimant on the higher weekly rates of both components would get £156.90, which would be £627.60 for the month. PIP rates from April Under current Government plans, the DWP benefit payment is set to increase by 10.1 percent come April. This aligns with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022 which is being used as the amount by which other benefit payments will rise by. When this raise is implemented, the daily living components of PIP’s higher and lower rate will rise to £101.75 and £68.10, respectively. READ MORE: 'A minefield': Pensioner forced to sell home as care costs reach £129,600 In comparison, the mobility component will be £71.05 a week for the higher rate and £26.95 for the lower rate. People can claim both components if they need them and they can get any combination of the different rates. If someone is paid both higher amounts they would get £172.75 a week, £691 a month or £8,983 a year. Claimants can get PIP even if they’re working, have savings or are getting most other benefits. For more information, people can visit the Government website. Britons can check an online benefits calculator to see if they are eligible to make a claim. It should be noted that PIP only applies in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Those living in Scotland are paid Adult Disability Payment (ADP) instead. To get PIP, they will be required to undergo a PIP assessment to establish the amount of money they are entitled to because of their condition or disability.