American tennis sensation Coco Gauff has used her powerful serve to stand out among the emerging young stars in women's tennis. Gauff, at just 18, already serves harder than many of her peers, reaching blistering speeds of 120mph and beyond. The tennis world was left stunned in 2019 when Gauff, then 15-years-old, picked apart 23-time Slam winner Venus Williams in her opening match at Wimbledon. It was then that her service game was fully placed under the microscope. Fast forward almost four years and her service game is continuing to flourish. This year's Australian Open - the first Grand Slam of the year - may not have been one to remember for the 18-year-old, but her serve stats certainly left a lasting impression on her opponents. The Atlanta native returned this year with an improved technique, evident in Melbourne as the American hit the fastest serve in the women's draw. However, despite reaching the fourth round, her serve failed to save her fate. A frustrated Gauff broke down in tears after her 7-5 6-3 defeat by Jelena Ostapenko, with the American later admitting that she could not come up with the answers to the Latvian's game. Despite bowing out, Gauff hit the fastest serve Down Under - recorded at a whopping 121mph. This impressive feat tied her with the event runner-up Elena Rybakina, who hit the same speed in three more matches. Her ability to hit aces and service winners consistently was an important factor in her previous success, which was rewarded with the 2023 ASB Classic triumph. Her serve is not just a weapon, but also a tool to gain free points and control the rallies. It's not the first time that Gauff has stunned fans and opponents with her staggering speed. At last year's US Open, she clocked the third-fastest serve in women's history during her second-round win over Elena-Gabriela Ruse. Her 128mph serve was marginally behind Venus Williams' 129 mph serve in 2007 and Alycia Parks' effort at the same speed during last year's US Open. Delving into the speed of her serve, Gaff told reporters after the 6-2, 7-6(4) victory last September: "I'm not going for the fastest serve, to be honest. Sometimes I say, 'Go hard, [into the] body.'" "I did see the serve clock afterwards. I did see it said 128. I looked at it and I was like, 'Whoa.' I don't know how that happened. It didn't feel like I hit it that hard. Sometimes, I feel like when you try to hit the serve hard, it still goes fast, but that was not supposed to be that hard. "I looked at her after. I hit a couple good serves that game in the 120s. She was laughing at her box. I was like, 'I don't know what's going on either.'"