As more and more people are choosing to work part-time after state pension age, another study has found that one of the best things they can choose to do after retirement is to become a consultant in the area they have been working in. The good news is there's a demand for consultants in finance, management, and IT but this isn't the only option for people who want to earn a decent income while working part-time or starting a side hustle. Working as a consultant is the best option for retirees and pensioners returning to work according to Yahoo Finance. The publication has compiled a list of the 12 best jobs for retirees returning to work and while consultant tops the list, teacher and professor also make the top two and three respectively.  The good news is consulting jobs pay an average salary of £79,899 according to LinkedIn, and are flexible and interesting second careers for retired professionals, according to Harvard Business Review. Just outside the top three jobs in the Yahoo list are virtual assistant and estate agent, with bus driver, writer, nurse, tax preparer, customer service representative, delivery driver and library assistant completing the list. READ MORE: Lidl's eight simple supermarket swaps could save you £470 a year A recent study by New Retirement also found consulting, teaching and becoming a driver are great options for people who have retired. Home and pet sitting is popular with pensioners because it allows them to work just a couple of hours a day and travel the UK. This option won't make people a fortune but it does mean they can earn an extra income without having to work eight hours a day. DON'T MISS:Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment this year [UPDATE]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [ALERT]Yorkshire Building Society offers market-leading rate on savings [UPDATE] Reaching retirement age should be a chance to put one's feet up but for many people, this isn't always possible. A recent report discovered that if they were afforded a choice, 66 percent of older workers would like to slow down and reduce their hours, but 41 percent can’t afford to.  My Pension Expert recently asked 2,000 people who had reached state pension age how they were planning to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. Its research discovered six percent of older people said they were likely to seek employment to help pay rising energy bills. New Retirement claims the 20 best part-time jobs for retirees are: 1. Doing what you’ve always done, just less of it 2. Turning a hobby into a teaching opportunity 3. Becoming a tutor 4. Hitting the golf range and speak to contacts 5. Focusing on passive income 6. Offer consulting or freelance work 7. Gardening 8. Bartending 9. Pet sitting or walking 10. Working in a shop 11. Substitute teaching 12. Book-keeping 13. Becoming a driver 14. Caring for the elderly 15. Trying seasonal work 16. Coaching a team 17. Becoming event staff 18. Getting a job on a cruise ship 19. Working on a campsite or holiday camp 20. Starting your own business.  Meanwhile, Britons between 18 and 40 are being offered the chance to earn £200 to try out the retirement lifestyle while enjoying an all-expenses paid weekend break. Retirement Villages is looking to hire two retirement testers to stay in one of its luxury communities and live as a retiree for a weekend. Interested parties will have to be willing to travel to Newport in Essex for the relaxing weekend but they'll be paid £100 each on top of expenses. Applications close on February 24, 2023 and people can find out more information before deciding whether to apply by checking out the Retirement Village website.   