Chief detectives behind the investigation into Nicola Bulley's disappearance are set to hold a press conference today after a body was discovered. Investigators are set to give an update on the case, 23 days after the mother-of-two vanished in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, on January 27, while walking her dog.  Yesterday a body, which has not yet been identified, was discovered in the reeds of the Wyre less than a mile from where she disappeared. An already embattled police are now facing further criticism after the body was discovered by local walkers - despite three weeks of searching by officers.  Nikki's partner Paul Ansell, 44, has revealed that he and the family are in "agony" as they wait to hear if the body is Ms Bulley. The family is reportedly "in a lot of pain" and "incredibly heartbroken". Formal identification is set to take several days. Mr Ansell told Sky News: "No words right now, just agony. We're all together, we have to be strong". Yesterday police were seen sealing off the area just down from the river where Nicola was last seen. Questions are already being asked of the police about how they failed to discover the body despite weeks of searching.  Former Scotland Yard Superintendent Nusrit Mehtab said: "If that is Nicola, then how did they miss that? Some serious questions need to be asked of Lancashire Police's decision-making". While former Met Police commander John O'Connor told The Sun: "These search teams couldn't find a currant in a rice pudding. I find it pathetic that a body has been found a mile from where she went missing." A spokesman for Lancashire police said: "We are currently treating the death as unexplained. Nicola's family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." READ MORE: Formal ID process 'could take days' as body found in Bulley search [REVEAL] Mr Ansell, or another close relative, may be required to help identify the body. Hamish Brown, a retired Scotland Yard detective inspector, told GB News: "The identification process isn't pleasant for anyone. I'm afraid it's just another line of unpleasant torture for the family, but something nevertheless that must be done." He added that it "depends on the condition of the body" where it can be identified "visually" - instead they will look for other things such as clothing, personal belongings, and jewellery, as well as DNA. Lancashire police and crime commissioner Andrew Snowden, who has come under fire for his silence over the search, tweeted: "My thoughts are with Nicola's family and friends at a difficult time. I'd like to thank the Lancs police officers and staff working on scene and across the force."  Peter Faulding, the head of the specialist independent team who volunteered their services to help the search for Nicola, came out to defend against "unfair criticism". DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's family 'heartbroken' after a body was found in river [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's partner speaks of 'agony' after body found in search [INSIGHT]Expert blasts Lancashire Police for Nicola Bulley search failures [ANALYSIS] Mr Faulding, who was hired by Bulley’s family 10 days after she disappeared, stated: “Although identification has not been formally confirmed I would like to say my thoughts are with the family and friends of Nicola Bulley at this very difficult time. “The SGI underwater search team was tasked with searching the river upsteam of weir in the non tidal part of the river, past the bench where Nicola’s phone was found and a mile upstream past this point. For three days, using high frequency side scan sonar, we thoroughly search the riverbed and can categorically confirm that Nicola was not laying on the riverbed on the days that we searched.” He added: “The police underwater search teams and land search teams were searching for three full weeks and were also unable to find Nicola. Unfortunately it was a member of the public that made a grim discovery, unconfirmed as yet to be Nicola.” 