Prince Harry shocked royal fans by recalling the night he lost his virginity in his best-selling memoir, Spare. He detailed how his first time was with an “older woman… in a grassy field behind a busy pub”. The Duke of Sussex gave no mention of who the woman was, but she has now come forward and given extra insight into the infamous night - here Express.co.uk looks at all the claims she has made about it. Sasha Walpole, 40, spoke out about her intimate encounter with Prince Harry in a joint interview with The Sun and the Mail on Sunday, as she feared her identity would soon be exposed. Her accounts shed new light on the “inglorious episode” - how the Duke describes it in his memoir - including how he opted for dutch courage, where they did it and how long it lasted. The pair had known each other from when she worked as a stable girl at Highgrove, the Gloucestershire retreat of King Charles, and had attended polo matches together. So when Harry discovered that Ms Walpole was upset over seeing her ex at the party - he stepped in to help lift her spirits. The Duke did so by buying her an assortment of shots.  Ms Walpole, a digger driver and mum of two, said Harry had bought them about five shots each, including a tequila, a Baileys and sambuca. She added: “And we downed them between us. Shot by shot.” The mother-of-two said “the sex was passionate and sparky” and noted that it wasn’t planned. “We didn’t set out to do it and it wasn’t pre-meditated,” she said. The party took place at The Vine Tree pub in Norton, Wiltshire, which remains open. It is located about six miles away from the Highgrove estate. The website states it is a “cosy pub with a terrace located on the Wiltshire cycle route”. Ms Walpole went into detail about Harry’s derrière when explaining what happened after they had sex. She said: “Afterwards I did grab his bum and gave him a slap. It was with one hand. He had a lovely peachy bum — but he was young.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK'   Ms Walpole said the pair slipped away from the party for about 15 minutes, but said the sex did not last all that time. “We were away for 15 minutes but the sex was about five ­minutes,” she said. Ms Walpole said she had no idea that Harry was a virgin, adding: “There were no virgin vibes from him, he seemed to know what he was doing. “I knew when thinking about it afterwards that he was a virgin.” DON'T MISS:POLL – Should a law be passed to strip Harry and Meghan of titles? [POLL]Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [REPORT]Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards 2023 [REPORT]   To ensure that the pair were not seen together afterwards, Ms Walpole went back to the pub while Harry went off in the other direction. His security detail were starting to worry about his absence, she said, but he was found “in a phone box down the road”. Harry said he lost his virginity to an “older woman” in his book - but Ms Walpole is only a few years older than him. At the time Harry was 16, while Ms Walpole was 18, turning 19 the next day. In his memoir, it is implied that Harry was 17 when he lost his virginity, but Ms Walpole says he was actually 16. This is because the event was to mark her 19th birthday in July 2001. The royal was born in September 1984, so would have been 16. Ms Walpole detailed the outfit she was wearing that night: black trousers, a fitted black top and black leather boots. She accessorised it with a “wide multi-coloured belt with a pattern on the back’ - but she said when she arrived back at the pub after the romp, “I didn’t have my belt”. The next day she passed the pub on her way home, and found the belt in the grass. After the pair went their separate ways at the end of their romp, Ms Walpole says they never spoke again. “Harry and I never texted or rang each other after that. I didn’t mind. I wasn’t embarrassed,” she said. Ms Walpole has said Harry “could have warned me” that the intimate encounter was going to feature in the book. She said that she panicked after it was included, and even sought legal advice. “I don’t understand why he went into such detail,” she said. “He could have said he lost his virginity and left it at that. But he described how it happened – in a field behind a pub. Ms Walpole added: “No one warned me about the night being included in the book - and Harry, or his people, could have found me to tell me if they had wanted to do so.”   