Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) will finally have the reunion fans have been waiting for in next week’s action-packed episode of NCIS: Hawaii. Not only will the Special Agent Afloat be returning to land early for a surprise visit, she’ll also play a major role in the Pearl Harbor task force’s next high-stakes mission when the CBS drama returns next Monday. New images from CBS have confirmed Lucy will receive a warm return when she visits the island in next week’s episode, Good Samaritan. One image reveals the agent toasting drinks along with her colleagues, Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey), Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant), Jesse Boone (Noah Mills) and, of course, Kate. Fans will be thrilled to see the two agents back together after they decided to make their relationship work at the end of the first season. Unfortunately, Lucy’s new job has meant she has been away from Kate for most of the season, but they’ll finally get their chance to catch up soon. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star Meanwhile, another shot from the episode features Lucy and Jesse in action at a harbour. The two agents appear to be crouching down and surrendering, with Lucy placing her gun on the floor, to an adversary off-screen. Another still features Lucy breaking into a run, possibly giving chase to the same bad guy after they fled the scene. A number of NCIS fans have already caught a glimpse at the new images and shared their excitement online. @ely7533 tweeted: “Can't wait to see her in action in Hawai'i.” “Lucy is absolutely my favourite,” @Samjas04 added. And @ythjsisiht said: “Lucy back in action!” Other fans have speculated what Lucy’s impending return could mean for the rest of the season. @Jessmuir0407 theorised: “Lucy is definitely back for good in 2x15 (they throw her an entire welcome back party).” DON'T MISS:Doom Patrol crew member teases ‘crazy’ final season [EXCLUSIVE]1923’s Timothy Dalton exposes ‘nightmare’ filming [INTERVIEW]My 600lb Life’s Tara ‘unrecognisable’ after weight loss [INSIGHT] @ely7533 tweeted: “Can't wait to see her in action in Hawai'i.” “Lucy is absolutely my favourite,” @Samjas04 added. And @ythjsisiht said: “Lucy back in action!” Other fans have speculated what Lucy’s impending return could mean for the rest of the season. @Jessmuir0407 theorised: “Lucy is definitely back for good in 2x15 (they throw her an entire welcome back party).”  “So I am not at all convinced she is going to be gone for 2x17 and 2x18. There is literally no way to explain that.” @GemmaParfett admitted: “So I’m super confused. Lucy comes back early and surprises the team at the beginning of the episode. “And then at the end they throw her a surprise welcome home party? Is that how it’s going to work?” To which @steames12 suggested: “I think so! Maybe their first celebration in the bullpen got cut short because of crime.” “And then it looks like Lucy and Jesse get into trouble, so the party at the end is a lovely surprise!” The episode’s official synopsis is keeping things vague, as it reads: “When a Navy deserter accidentally comes out of hiding, his family becomes a target that drives the NCIS team and Charlie 1 (Linc Hand) to investigate who is after them. “Meanwhile, Lucy surprises the team by returning to Hawaii from her agent afloat job early.” Either way, viewers will be ecstatic to see one of their favourite agents return to dry land, whether or not she’s back permanently or just for a short visit. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.