A top US Air Force general said he is not ruling out aliens after officials shot down a series of unidentified flying objects this month. Gen Glen VanHerck explained his stance when asked whether the UFOs had extraterrestrial origins. During a Pentagon briefing on Sunday, VanHerck, the head of US North American Aerospace Defence Command and Northern Command (NORAD), was asked whether the flying objects could be aliens. He replied: "I’ll let the intel community and the counterintelligence community figure that out.” “I haven’t ruled out anything," he added. VanHerck told attendees at the briefing: "At this point, we continue to assess every threat or potential threat, unknown, that approaches North America with an attempt to identify it.” His remarks came after an F-22 fighter jet shot down an octagonal-shaped object over Lake Huron on the US-Canada border on Sunday. The mysterious airborne object was downed when flying about 20,000 feet over Lake Huron, by an AIM9x missile. It comes after US officials shot down a Chinese surveillance balloon from the sky earlier this month, February 4. The incident caused North American air defences to be put on high alert. VanHerck said the military has not immediately been able to determine how the objects were kept in the air or where they originated from. READ MORE: Google Maps Street View: Couple spotted flashing on Mexico beach “We’re calling them objects, not balloons, for a reason,” said VanHerck. Before officials shot down the unidentified object over Lake Huron, two separate objects over Alaska and Canada were downed on Friday and Saturday. But VanHerck explained the two objects were "very, very small" and moved slowly. It comes as the Pentagon has committed to investigate military sightings of UFOs in recent years. Senior military leaders have said that the government’s effort to investigate anomalous, unidentified objects — whether they are in space, the skies or even underwater — has led to hundreds of documented reports that are being investigated. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] But the Pentagon has not found any evidence to suggest any extraterrestrial origin in the list of reported objects. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence investigate such sightings by the military, alongside the newly created Pentagon bureau known as AARO, short for All Domain Anomaly Resolution Office. There were as many as 144 sightings reported to Congress by US military officials between 2004 and June 2021. A report from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence issued last month cited 366 additional sightings, mostly things like balloons, drones, birds or airborne clutter - but 171 remained officially unexplained. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews