Joe Rogan's estranged dad has claimed the "money went to his head" after the popular podcast host secured a huge deal with Spotify. The podcast host's father made his comment as he weighed in on a row over controversial remarks Rogan made about Jewish people on his show. Referring to antisemitism claims levelled against Democrat representative Ilhan Omar on his show last month, Mr Rogan said: “[Omar] apologising for talking about 'It’s all about the Benjamins', which is just about money - she’s talking about money. “That’s not an antisemitic statement, I don’t think that is. Benjamins are money. The idea that Jewish people are not into money is ridiculous. That’s like saying Italians aren’t into pizza, it’s f***ing stupid. It’s f***ing stupid.”  In response to his son's comments, his dad Joe Rogan Snr, 81, told the New York Post: "Who are you to judge people? Who made you God last night? "I’m not prejudiced. Everybody has got to live and I teach my kids that. This bothers me. The money went to his head and his head got bigger than his hat — he fools people." Rogan signed a reported $200 million three-year deal with streaming giant Spotify in 2020, which is expected to come to an end later this year. Spotify staffers are said to be antagonised by his latest controversial comments, causing some to question whether his deal with be renewed or not once it is up. READ MORE: Bride found groom being breastfed by his mother in the toilets Jonathan Greenblatt, director of the Anti-Defamation League, told The Post: “It’s disturbing that, at a time of rising anti-Jewish violence, when growing numbers of Americans believe in anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, Joe would use his immense platform to spew ant-Semitic tropes about Jews and money. "For centuries, people have used these longstanding tropes to spread vicious lies about the Jewish people.” Rogan has also faced backlash in the past for his comments about transgender people and for using the N-word in older episodes of his podcast. The 55-year-old host also made controversial comments at the height of the Covid pandemic, claiming that healthy young Americans didn’t “need to worry about” getting the vaccine. Joe Rogan and his father have been estranged for over 50 years. The retired elder Rogan has before denied his son's claims that he was abusive to his mother when he was a child - comments he said on his podcast, which enjoys millions of listens each day. On his podcast, he described his New Jersey father as a "psychotic person who beat the f–k out of my mother.” Rogan Snr denied the claims, telling the Sun US that he would like to sit down with his son to hell him his "side of the story". 