An advertisement for a job often described as "isolating" states it pays up to £100,000 - and the employee can work whenever they want. The ad is for the position of offshore rigger, based in sites in the North Sea just off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland. Those with this job would be taken out to the rig for between one to six months at a time and workers will be paid the basic rate of £367 a day for a 12-hour shift on the rig. An offshore rig is a large structure on or in water which works to drill wells, extract and process oil and natural gas, and temporarily store it until it can be brought to shore. Jobs on offshore rigs tend to run the 12 hours on, 12 hours off working pattern, Mirror reports. According to the Indeed advertisement, holiday pay for the role sits at £39 per day, and you get up to one week "Sick Cover". Taking into account the pay advertised for the role if you take on two six-month shifts over two years, with a gap in between, you would earn around £95,420 overall. According to recruitment firm MDE Consultants, all PPE for the role will be provided and you can choose when you want to go as there are "various dates and trips available". The employer for this role was not disclosed in the ad, but they are apparently a "world leader in the energy market". If you think this is up your street, then you should know that not just anyone can apply for the post.  The role does require you to have certain specific safety and technical training such as BOSIET (Basic Offshore Safety Induction and Emergency Training), FOET (Further Offshore Emergency Training), CA-EBS (Compressed Air Emergency Breathing System), and OGUK Medical training. The role is seeking five candidates and applications are still open even though it was posted 24 days ago. Although if you like the idea of travelling to and working on an off-shore rig for six months of the year, then there are other positions being advertised. You can currently apply to be an offshore pipefitter, an offshore mechanical technician, or an offshore electrical technician. These roles pay the same as the rigger position or £419 a day and run for the same amount of time.  Former oil worker Andrew Morrissey, who spent 17 years working on rigs and drilling ships around the world, wrote a book last year about his experiences. In an interview with Mirror, he said: "You’re isolated… once you’re out there, you’re working with certain people you might not like, or people who don’t like you. "The backstabbing gets really bad. It’s not a very nice place to be when it gets like that." The profession is also associated with being dangerous and is included in almost every list of hazardous professions. This is also caused by the extreme weather conditions, and the operating of heavy machinery for hours at a time. 