Jude Law, 50, and his wife Phillipa Coan, 36, were seen at Heathrow Airport pushing a baby in a pram. The Holiday actor and his wife, who works as a psychologist, tied the knot in 2019. A woman who was pictured with the couple was seen with their first child and his sixth — born in September 2020 — in another buggy. Express.co.uk has contacted Jude Law's representatives for comment. The couple has not yet revealed the name or gender of their first child together. Jude is already a dad to six children including model, Iris Law and actor Rafferty Law. READ MORE: Priscilla Presley sparks concern over 'inappropriate' post  Jude and Sadie Frost's first child, son Rafferty, 27, was born in 1996, and the former couple also shares a daughter Iris, 22, and son Rudy, 20. The actor and Sadie divorced in 2003. Jude shares his daughter Sophia Law with American model Samantha Burke, who he met while filming Sherlock Holmes. It's believed Sophia, who was born in 2009, lives with her mum in Florida. Jude has a daughter named Ada who was born in March 2015. He shares the little one with singer-songwriter Catherine Harding, who he dated for a short while. Catherine has commented on Jude's parenting skills, telling the Mirror that he is "really funny and sweet," and a "great dad." He also welcomed a sixth child with his other half Phillipa three years ago and the pair reportedly now share a second child together. DON'T MISS... Priscilla Presley sparks concern over 'inappropriate' post[LATEST]Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown[PICTURES]Madonna shows off 'surgery' results now swelling 'has gone down'[INSTAGRAM] Jude has previously spoken about being a father in an interview with the Observer. He said: "As a friend said, ‘Letting them fall over and not being there to pick them up…it’s really hard. But they wouldn’t learn to pick themselves up if we didn’t go through that process.’ I’m beginning to see that our role is to guide them into real adulthood for the first time. “It’s a two-way relationship then, because the kids are going, ‘Help me again.’ And, of course, you’re there to give that help, but they have to ask.” He married psychologist Phillipa in 2019 and announced they had their first baby on US TV. The actor confirmed the exciting news while on The Tonight Show on Sept 14 and discussed the "unusual" birth, given the pandemic. "We feel pretty blessed that we when we’re in a time, that … we could just nest and enjoy each other’s company," the star explained. Jude is currently working on a third instalment of his successful Sherlock Holmes franchise. He is also involved in a new version of Peter Pan, in which he plays the villain Captain Hook.  