Brian Cox, 76, who plays patriarch Logan Roy in the hit series Succession, has urged Jeremy Strong to celebrate being a good actor behind-the-scenes, rather than focusing on method acting. The Hollywood star argued that Strong is "gifted", so he will not "lose" his talent. Brian appeared on the front cover of Town and Country as he discussed his career and the upcoming series of Succession. When asked about how he portrays characters on set, Brian remarked: "It's just there and is accessible, it's not a big f**king religious experience." He was then asked about his co-star Jeremy's devotion to method acting in the role of Kendall Roy, admitting he finds it "f*****g annoying", as well as not wanting to speak more on the topic. Brian, however, did go on to praise Jeremy's talent, but argued his co-star should "celebrate" his gift rather than constantly staying in character. READ MORE: Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice He said: "He's f*****g gifted, when you've got the gift, celebrate the gift. "Go back to your trailer and have a hit of marijuana, you know?" Jeremy has since responded to his Succession co-star Brian's remarks in an interview with GQ magazine. He admitted Brian has earned the right to say whatever he wants about him in the press, with this not being the first time. Jeremy said: "Everyone’s entitled to have their feelings. I also think Brian Cox, for example, he’s earned the right to say whatever the f**k he wants." He then shared his "love" for his onscreen family, while also admitting that he has never spoken to his co-stars about his method of acting. Brian previously told The New Yorker that he brands method acting an "American disease" to not separate yourself from the job. He said: "I’ve worked with intense actors before. It’s a particularly American disease, I think, this inability to separate yourself off while you’re doing the job. DON'T MISS... Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube [HOLLYWOOD] Rob Brydon gets brutally honest as he shares real reason he left QI [INSIGHT] Gabby Logan slams husband for 'wolf whistling' at son’s girlfriend [RELATIONSHIP]  "The result that Jeremy gets is always pretty tremendous. "I just worry about what he does to himself. I worry about the crises he puts himself through in order to prepare." Brian also shared his concern for his co-star on Late Night with Seth Myers, admitting: "He does get obsessed with the work. "And I worry about what it does to him, because if you can’t separate yourself — because you’re dealing with all of this material every day. "You can’t live in it. Eventually, you get worn out." Succession follows the story of the Logan family, who are known for controlling the biggest media and entertainment company in the world. However, their world begins to change forever when their father steps down from the company. You can buy Brian Cox's Town & Country March 2023 issue on February 28