Austin Major died aged 27 his family have confirmed to TMZ, with final toxicology results expected in a couple of months. His family have paid tribute to the "loving, artistic, and brilliant" young actor. TMZ reported that Austin died on Saturday night and claimed he "may have ingested a fatal amount of fentanyl" at a homeless facility in Los Angeles. An autopsy on Austin's body is scheduled to be completed in the coming days, and final toxicology results are expected in the coming months. The family released a statement to TMZ, telling the outlet: "[Austin] was a loving, artistic, brilliant, and kind human being. "Austin took great joy and pride in his acting career. He was an active Eagle Scout and graduated Salutatorian in High School. READ MORE: Blake Lively wows with post-baby body as she welcomes fourth child "He went on to graduate from USC’s School of Cinematic Arts with a passion for directing and music producing. "Austin's younger sister Kali says her fondest memories with Austin were growing up on set with him, volunteering at events with 'Kids With A Cause' and backpacking together. The statement concluded: "Austin was the kid of son, brother, grandson, and nephew that made us proud and we will miss him deeply forever." Austin's sister Kali is also an actress, an aspiring film writer, producer and director. Austin starred as Theo Sipowicz in NYPD Blue for seven seasons, playing the son of Detective Andy Sipowicz, who was played by Dennis Franz. Austin won the Young Artists Award for Best Performance in a Television Series for his work in NYPD Blue in 2002. The actor was also nominated for Best Performance in a voice-over role for Treasure Planet. He had been part of Kids With A Cause since 2005. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [INSIGHT] Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [HOLLYWOOD] Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings [PICS]  Austin's first role was in 1997 in the film Nevada, playing a young boy. He went on to star in The Price of Air in 2000, Providence in 2001, Treasure Planet in 2002, and Bananas in 2004, before landing the role of Theo in NYPD Blue. He starred as Theo in 48 episodes from 1999 until 2004. From there, Austin went on to star in Volare in 2004, ER for one episode in 2005, Hercules for two episodes in 2005 as well as Little Manhattan in 2005. He starred as Will Wright in the TV movie An Accidental Christmas in 2007, Hank in Night Writer in 2007, and appeared in How I Met Your Mother for one episode in 2009, all of which marked his final roles. According to his Instagram, Austin had stepped back from acting to become a music artist, promoting his music on Spotify. He took to Instagram in 2020 to post a picture of his SAG AFTRA membership card, with Austin having been a member since 2000. 