As part of a support package worth £26billion, the Government will be distributing cost of living payments to eligible Britons to support them with rising prices. The scheme offers a payment of £900 split into three instalments, and Britons must be claiming certain benefits to be eligible. The payment schedule for the cost of living payments, as well as the disability and pensioners' cost of living payments, have now been determined by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) for the 2023/24 financial year. Work and pensions secretary Mel Stride said the payments are intended to help people right across the UK over this year and the start of the next, as “consistent, targeted and substantial” support for the most vulnerable continues. “Our wider support package, including the Energy Price Guarantee, will ensure every household is being helped through this challenging period of high inflation, caused by Putin’s illegal war and the aftershocks of the pandemic.” Chancellor Jeremy Hunt added: “These payments are the next part of the significant support we are providing through this challenging time, with millions of vulnerable households receiving £900 directly into their bank accounts this financial year alongside additional help for pensioners and those with disabilities.  READ MORE: Just two months to get full state pension as DWP claims backlog grows  “This latest payment will provide some temporary relief, but the best thing we can do to help families and businesses is to stick to the plan to halve inflation this year.” According to the DWP, exact payment windows and qualifying periods for eligibility will be announced in due course, but the plans are designed to ensure a “consistent” support offer throughout the year. The DWP has provided a broad outline of the payment windows for 2023 to 2024. DON'T MISS: Thrifty mum shares six tips to save money during half-term [EXPLAINED]'Single mum' exposed as benefits cheat due to Facebook pictures [INSIGHT]Brits fall under one of these seven money personalities, study finds [ANALYSIS]     There are several benefits that could make claimants eligible for the £301 Cost of Living Payment, including Universal Credit and tax credits – through which 5.4 million households across the UK are expected to qualify, and Pension Credit, through which 1.4 million pensioner households are expected to be paid. READ MORE: Woman earns £40,000 a month with side hustle   Up to 1.3 million will be eligible through legacy DWP benefits such as Jobseekers Allowance and Income Support, reaching a total of 8.1 million households. Similar to last year, those who are eligible will not need to apply for payments, as they will be made automatically. Those eligible through tax credits and no other means-tested benefits will be paid by HMRC shortly after the DWP payments are made. These payments will all be tax-free, will not count towards the benefit cap, and will not have any impact on a person’s existing benefit awards.  This builds on the Government’s wider support package, which includes further funding for the Household Support Fund, bringing its total value for October 2021 to March 2024 to over £2billion. The fund is distributed to English councils, who know their areas best and are then able to offer direct support for those most in need in their local area. Benefits are also set to rise in line with September 2022’s inflation rate from April, which will see a 10.1 percent increase for pensioners and those with the lowest incomes. 