Chelsea icon Emmanuel Petit has slammed Graham Potter's handling of Mykhaylo Mudryk while insisting that Todd Boehly's new signings have failed to click with the old guard at Stamford Bridge. The Blues are currently well adrift of the Premier League's top four by a margin of 14 points, with their dire recent form piling the pressure on Potter to turn things around in order to avoid being sacked after only a few months in charge of the club. The Chelsea manager was backed to the tune of around £323million in the January transfer window, with Mudryk one of several high-profile names to have joined the west Londoners since the turn of the year. However, it seems clear that all is not well at Chelsea and Petit has pointed the finger at a lack of team cohesion, while he also criticised Potter for taking an inconsistent approach with regard to Mudryk's playing time."I think the new players and the old players are not making a good relationship with one another," Petit told Premier League Odds."Potter needs to stick with his vision and not change every single game. Mudryk played well the first two games then he was on the bench, what’s that going to do for his confidence? You need to stick with his vision and he must bring back the confidence to his players, as many are lost on the pitch. JUST IN: Phil Jones claims Man Utd have a better player than Lionel Messi "Hakim Ziyech looked miserable on the pitch [against Tottenham] and escaped a red card. There needs to be a positive dynamic but even Kai Havertz, who’s playing as a centre-forward, doesn’t look great. [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang when he played against Man United looked so frustrated."Since Aubameyang left Arsenal he did good things with Barcelona, but he won’t go back there and he looks angry and like he doesn’t want to be at Chelsea. Something has been broken at Chelsea and it’s affecting the dressing room." It remains to be seen if Potter will be able to steer clear of the sack by putting things right at Chelsea over the coming weeks, with the Blues set to face Leeds United on Saturday before taking on Borussia Dortmund in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie. The 47-year-old appeared to back up Petit's comments earlier this month by suggesting that his training sessions are being undermined by having too many players to work with, which may be an explanation for their lack of cohesion in recent matches."There are challenges when you've got that many players," said Potter. "There are challenges in terms of what role they play because most players want to play. They want to play, be on the pitch and help the team."When they are not, it is a challenge and it is a challenge for lots of reasons at this football club. When you go through a period of transition and the steps we've gone through then there are going to be periods when it is going to be tougher than you ideally want, it's not optimal." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.