Fernandez caught the eye of some of Europe's elite clubs with a series of excellent performances for Argentina at the World Cup as he helped his nation to lift the trophy for the first time since 1986. The technician received the Young Player of the Tournament award for his performances with Chelsea putting themselves at the front of the queue for his signature. The Blues pursued Fernandez's signature right across the January transfer window as they haggled with Benfica over the midfielder's price tag and payment plan. However, it was not until the final hours of the window that his arrival was officially confirmed with the two clubs in negotiations right up to the deadline. He has impressed fans during his first two performances for the club and Zola is among his admirers comparing him to iconic midfielder Cesc Fabregas. The Spanish international made 198 appearances for the club over a five-year stint winning the Premier League on two occasions. JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle Speaking to Sky Sports Zola said: "Enzo, I was so impressed with his qualities. The speed of mind when he's playing, in a way it reminds me of Cesc Fabregas." The Italian is not alone in his high praise for the young midfielder with former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand also among his many admirers. The Englishman was particularly impressed by his ability to handle pressure at such a young age. "What strikes me about him is the confidence," Ferdinand told BT Sport during Chelsea's 1-1 draw with West Ham at the weekend. "For one so young, his trajectory in the last year has been - I’ve never seen anything like it, and it doesn’t faze him. I watched him go into that World Cup team and looks like somebody who is meant to be in there, not fazed, playing at the World Cup.  "And the pressure those Argentinians were under to produce the World Cup - not even for the country, but for [Lionel] Messi - you can’t put that into numbers what that means, and he went out there and played like it was any game. "He’ll come to the Premier League, and there’s some players you feel need a bit of time to adapt, but he doesn’t look like that kind of player. He looks like a player but with a mentality to match." It remains to be seen whether or not Fernandez will be able to replicate Fabregas' legacy at Stamford Bridge but the initial signs could scarcely be more positive.