Prince Harry and Meghan haven't made a decision on whether or not to attend the King's Coronation in May, as couple are "waiting for invite". The Coronation ceremony is taking place on May 6, which also happens to be the fourth birthday of the Sussexes' young son, Archie. In his column for Yahoo, journalist Omid Scobie wrote: "The reality, sources tell me, is that no-one, no matter how well-sourced, knows their plans right now. "The couple has yet to be invited and can't make a decision, nor any form of itinerary, until that happens." In his article, Mr Scobie did reveal that Harry and Meghan are currently "focused on work helping create safer online spaces for young people" as well as "new Netflix projects with their production company". It was earlier revealed by the Express that, after some speculation, the Sussexes will be receiving an invite to the Coronation this spring. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'upset' as Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to attend King's Coronation A Whitehall source said that a detailed plan was underway to ensure that Meghan and Harry do not overshadow the proceedings in any way. They added: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible." They also added that they are hoping that all can go ahead "without any drama". Harry and Meghan will expect to receive their invite imminently as they are due to be sent out in the next few weeks. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'destroyed their value' as popularity falls to embarrassing low Other attendees will include both domestic and foreign royals. As of earlier this month, the Palace were, at the time, working to finalise the guest list. The ceremony will take place at Westminster Abbey in London, the same location where the late Queen was crowned in 1953. The Queen Consort will also be crowned alongside her husband on May 6. DON'T MISS Next month, it marks three years since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially carried out their final engagement as senior royals. They now reside in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet.