Prince Harry "can't be trusted at all" to attend his father's coronation, according to a royal commentator. It has been reported that Prince William fears Harry and Meghan and may pull an "unscripted walkabout" at the event. Royal expert Charlotte Griffiths pointed to the "awkward" walkabout in Windsor following the Queen's death. The Sussexes were allegedly planning to do a walkabout on their own before Prince William and Princess Kate jumped in to accompany them. She noted how Prince William doesn't trust Harry and doesn't want him at the coronation. "There is this lack of trust between William and Harry. William, as the Mail of Sunday reported on the weekend, fears Harry might pull some kind of stunt while he's over. That's one of his big fears," said Mail on Sunday royals editor Charlotte Griffith. She was speaking to a panel on the Daily Mail Royals YouTube channel. When asked what such a stunt might look like she added: "Like a walkabout in an impoverished borough of London. Something unscripted basically, not part of the program. There was a little bit of a sense of that after the Queen died." Ms Griffiths claimed that Meghan and Harry made a "huge kerfuffle" over going on a walkabout to greet mourners in Windsor.  However, William and Princess Kate were quick to join, thwarting the Sussexes' unscripted move, according to Ms Griffiths. She said: "There was a bit of speculation at the time that Harry was about to pull some sort of unscripted walkabout. So, William intervened and in the end they had that really awkward walkabout, the four of them, after the Queen died. "I wonder whether there's a fear that something like that might happen again." Ms Griffith also noted that any private conversation held between the royals at the coronation could end up in a book, adding: "You can't trust him at all." King Charles III's coronation will take place May 6, 2023. However, it is unclear whether Meghan and Harry will attend the event.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'selling their family members out to make a buck' The King has reportedly enlisted the help of the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to help negotiate the Sussexes attendance. King Charles is said to feel that their absence would be more of a distraction than their attendance. The drama comes amid the release of multiple projects by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex which have been critical of the Royal Family. Last month, on January 10, Prince Harry released his tell-all Spare which made a series of allegations against the Royal Family, including his brother Prince William. The book became an instant best seller with 1.43 million copies sold on the first day of its release in the US, UK and Canada. 