  Dick Strawbridge, 63, and Angel Strawbridge, 44, were delighted to share some exciting news with fans after their popular Channel 4 show wrapped up at the end of last year. The Escape to the Chateau stars have been inundated with pleas to return to TV from their devoted fanbase.     The DIY experts said goodbye to viewers in an emotional final episode back in December 2022. The show came to an end after six years and nine wonderful seasons, but fans have still been keen to see more of the couple on their screens. Yesterday, Channel 4 viewers were thrilled for Dick and Angel when they announced their show had won an award at the Real Screen Awards 2023. Real Screen is a media outlet for entertainment news, and the couple seemed similarly ecstatic to receive the honour. READ MORE: Kate Garraway supported by celeb pals after confronting Matt Hancock     The pair announced the happy news on Escape to the Chateau’s official Instagram page in view of their 449,000 followers.  Attached was a picture of the couple both beaming, while fans took to the comments section to congratulate them. Frances wrote: “You deserve it! All that hard work, creativity, love and dedication you put into the castle that needed an overhaul.     “You worked wonders on it. It's truly amazing and inspirational! Well deserved, congratulations!” (sic) Pauline penned: “So you should be all the hard work you both have put into it. Huge congratulations.” Sharon commented: “Well I didn’t expect anything else - totally talented family! Congrats.” Terry wrote: “Job well done. There is not a place in or out of The Chateau that has not been touched by the Strawbridges.” READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [LATEST] Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir [UPDATE] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [NEWS]      Regina penned: “That is awesome news!! You go, Strawbridge family!!!” (sic) Cydna added: “Well deserved! Thank you for inspiring me and breathing life back into my creative soul. Congratulations!” Other fans also asked the popular couple, who have been married since 2015, to return to their screens. Carolanne pleaded: “Congratulations well deserved. Please don't stop filming. Love all your shows.” (sic)      Diane wrote: “So very deserved have loved watching the transformation of the Chateau and was absolutely gutted when it came to an end. “Am hoping there will always be a Christmas special so we can see how you are all doing.” (sic) Another fan added: "As it should! Best show ever! Congratulations you both deserve it! Please come back to tv." Dick and Angel, who are parents to Arthur, nine, and Dorothy, ten, finally felt it was time to stop their show after many years to spend more time with their family.  