Jane Moore confirmed her separation from her husband Gary Farrow live on Loose Women in December 2022. The columnist has since reacted to the news Vanessa Feltz has split from her long term fiancé Ben Ofoedu. The 60-year-old admitted she was "sad and surprised" to learn that the couple had decided to part ways. Vanessa, 60, appeared on This Morning on Wednesday and admitted she feels foolish for having faith in her relationship and said she feels "terribly humiliated". The radio presenter said she doesn't know why her partner of 16 years was interested in her amid claims the Phats and Small singer, 50, cheated on her with several women. Writing in her latest column for The Sun, Jane addressed the former couple's breakup in the wake of her own marriage split. READ MORE: Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell The Loose Women panellist said Vanessa and Ben always seemed to be a "happy couple" who "genuinely enjoyed each other's company". She wrote: "But Vanessa is one of the most open and honest people you could wish to meet. "She wears her heart on her sleeve and, consequently, will process and dispense with any hurt very swiftly indeed, and carry on like the true life force she is." The TV star said Vanessa's "greatest revenge" would be to simply move on with her life.  "She’s smart enough to know that the greatest revenge when someone has treated you so shabbily is to simply get on with your life and be happy," Jane added. Vanessa has been inundated with messages of support following the news of the breakdown in her relationship. Speaking on This Morning, she commented: "I think I'm feeling like anyone else would after a 16 year relationship that I had my heart and soul in. "When you have to end a relationship it is very hard. I've had so many messages, it feels like millions, from people going through the same thing. I don't want to minimise. People have been amazing." DON'T MISS... Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin surprised by wife's health suggestion[LATEST]Megan Fox praises Machine Gun Kelly after Grammy loss to Ozzy Osbourne[US]Love Island’s sexiest heart rate challenges performances of all time[TV] Jane's comments come after she publicly announced her split from husband Gary in December. She previously said that talks of their separation began back in 2021. The couple delayed their split and explained it was for health reasons – in particular, her need to care for her husband after he suffered a painful injury. "We've been processing it for about a year. So we're both quite private people. We had discussed it last year and it was going to happen last year, and then he fell and broke his leg," Jane said, before jokingly adding: "No, I didn't push him. Just want to put that out there." "He fell and broke his leg. And obviously, then all bets are off." Their relationship ended amicably, as she went on to describe him as her "best friend" and said they had plans to spend Christmas together with her daughters Ellie and Grace and his daughter Lauren before finding houses "near each other" going forwards. Jane and Gary have been married since May 2002 when they gathered their closest friends and family for the celebration. The couple tied the knot in an intimate ceremony at London's Claridges Hotel with star-studded guests - including Elton John, who was Gary's best man. 