Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has landed in Northern Ireland amid the talks of striking a deal on the hated-brexit protocol. An announcement on the protocol is expected next week, potentially as early as Tuesday, if the final issues can be resolved. While both Downing Street and EU leaders are thought to be edging to an agreement, members of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party expressed concern over the reported deal. He is likely to have a conversation with Stormont parties and other stakeholders over the Northern Ireland Protocol on Friday. Downing Street has confirmed the development adding that Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris were on their way to have a dialogue with the political parties. A No 10 spokeswoman said: “Whilst talks with the EU are ongoing, ministers continue to engage with relevant stakeholders to ensure any solution fixes the practical problems on the ground, meets our overarching objectives, and safeguards Northern Ireland’s place in the UK’s internal market. “The Prime Minister and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland are travelling to Northern Ireland this evening to speak to political parties as part of this engagement process.”   The Government has stepped up its efforts to resolve issues with the protocol in recent months, in a dispute which has been ongoing since October 2021. The Prime Minister is also set to meet Ursula von der Leyen in the coming days, as the pair will hold a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of an international security conference, held in Munich. Mr Sunak will head to Munich on Saturday alongside Foreign Secretary James Cleverly and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. The conference will be attended by EU leaders including German chancellor Olaf Scholz and French president Emmanuel Macron. The deal is expected to involve goods travelling from mainland UK destined for Northern Ireland avoid physical customs checks, as a result of a new system involving “red” and “green” lanes.  While reports suggested the new deal would meet the DUP's seven red lines, MPs have cast doubt that any agreement would do so as a result of concerns that the European Court of Justice will maintain a role in policing the protocol. A bigger role for the ECJ would stall any progress in solving the issue, as it would be unacceptable for both the DUP and for many in the right of the Tory Party. ERG chief David Jones on Tuesday told the Daily Express that it is "amazingly unlikely" that the DUP's seven tests have been met. Mr Sunak is likely to be heading to Northern Ireland in order to iron out the final issues with the DUP. DON'T MISS:Starmer rages at Corbyn betraying 'principles of the country' [REACTION]Wallace dodges fighter jet question as he outlines defence plan [INSIGHT]Rolls-Royce leads 'landmark' UK aviation deal worth billions [REVEAL] He rubbished the idea that the new deal would be any form of major breakthrough, instead describing it as being "weather balloon" floated by the Government, warning that "it will get shot down". Meanwhile, DUP MP Ian Paisley Jr said the supposed deal is "still in the realms of speculation", suggesting that the deal would not be acceptable to the party unless there was no role for the ECJ in policing the protocol. He said: "The laws of United Kingdom must be sacrosanct." Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the deal is "bound to be a sellout... It's all heading in the wrong direction. Dire!" A bigger role for the ECJ would stall any progress in solving the issue, as it would be unacceptable for both the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and for many in the right wing of the Tory Party. The ERG and the DUP are understood to be working "in lockstep" with one another, both being heavily opposed to the ECJ having any role in policing the protocol.  The Government has stepped up its efforts to resolve issues with the protocol in recent months, in a dispute which has been ongoing since October 2021. Meanwhile, on Thursday, Irish Tanaiste Micheal Martin said negotiations over the protocol had been “serious and substantive”. He told RTE: “I think the British Government is anxious to avoid a confrontation with the Northern Ireland parties in the context of the discussions that have been under way for some time between the European Union and the United Kingdom. “I have no doubt that the British Prime Minister, in advance of further discussions over the weekend and next week, wants to ascertain from the political parties in Northern Ireland their sense of the protocol and the various positions that they have. “I think there is a distance to go yet. I don’t understate the challenges, but clearly the negotiations have been serious and substantive and trust has built up between the EU team and the UK team but I think there is some time to go yet.”  