Many Britons have worked tirelessly for decades in order to have a comfortable retirement and enjoy their pension with some of them dreaming of a new life abroad. Searches for ‘best places to live in retirement’ increased by 480 percent over the past 12 months, but which country came out top considering the current cost of living?  Life insurance brokers Reassured considered six key factors to reveal the most affordable countries for retirement in 2023. These were: the cost of living, cost of accommodation, cost of transport, annual levels of sunshine, life expectancy and total population over 65. It awarded the number one spot to Greece, which has 2,773 hours of sunshine every year and the third-largest global population over the age of 65. Greece is home to snow-capped mountains, golden beaches, great food, ancient history and the lower cost of living means more money in one's back pocket. READ MORE: Lloyds, Halifax and TSB are closing 68 branches in 2023 - full list Portugal came in second place due to its wealth of retirement-friendly activities that can be enjoyed all year round. In third place is Malta with its rich history, culture and cheap public transport is cheap at just £23.12 per month. Italy ranks as the fourth best retirement hotspot thanks to its relatively cheap accommodation cost of £450.98 per month, third-highest life expectancy rate at 82 and the second-highest population over 65. No retirement index would be complete without the mention of Spain which ranked fifth place due to its relatively low cost of living and high life expectancy. DON'T MISS:Over 50s encouraged to take advantage of 7% interest rate [ALERT]Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak ‘needs to worry’ about raising tax rate to 25% [WARNING] Phil Jeynes, director of corporate strategy at Reassured said: “With the current high cost of living in the UK, many Brits are looking to move abroad to retire. "Our research identified an array of incredible destinations to choose from to live out those golden years with more money in the pocket to enjoy life in a new country.” Britons looking for somewhere slightly more exotic to retire could take a look at Cuba which came in sixth place overall. Meanwhile, Japan (eight) and Puerto Rico (tenth) are all featured as some of the best affordable retirement destinations.   Meanwhile, people can check how much they are due in retirement by popping their details into a state pension calculator. Britons are usually only entitled to the full new state pension if they have 35 years' NI contributions. People can pay to fill in any gaps before the deadline - and although it will cost them £800  - it could save them thousands of pounds in the long run. It takes just a few minutes to use the Check Your State Pension forecast calculator on GOV.UK.  