Qatar are 'simple steps away' from buying Manchester United following some inadvertant help from Liverpool, it has been claimed. The Glazers confirmed in November they were open to selling the club. And, now, it appears a takeover is edging closer. Back in November, the Glazers released a statement confirming they were open to selling United after 18 years of controversial rule. "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers,” it read. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” And, now, Qatari journalist @Qatari has claimed the country are taking ‘simple steps’ to announce their purchase of the club. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford What’s more, it’s said Liverpool have inadvertently played a helping hand by refusing to sell 49 per cent of their club. “After the intransigence of Liverpool's owners and their refusal to give a percentage exceeding 49 per cent (a controlling percentage in which decision-making takes place), the compass changed completely for Manchester United,” the journalist said. “Very simple steps to announce the acquisition of United.” Qatar have been confident for a while, now, that they’re in pole position to buy United. And it appears they’re frontrunners at the current moment in time, despite Sir Jim Ratcliffe also showing interest. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Ratcliffe is a big fan of the club and previously believed the Glazers would never sell. He remains, however, the only person to have publicly confirmed an interest in buying United. The British billionaire previously missed out on buying Chelsea to Todd Boehly last year, with the American winning the race for the west London side instead. And it appears he could be set for a similar blow when it comes to the Red Devils. Qatar are confident their bid is the strongest and, should they be successful, it will be a move that will change things over at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They’d give Erik ten HAg the funds he needs in order to rebuild the squad. There’s already been talk of a potential move for Kylian Mbappe, while Jude Bellingham is another player of interest. And they also plan to develop Manchester as a city, too. Qatar would become the third state to own a team in the Premier League, with Newcastle and Manchester United bossed by Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi respectively. However, human rights advocacy group FairSquare have today written to UEFA to call on Qatar to be blocked from potentially buying United. “A basic study of Qatar's political and economic system amply demonstrates the impossibility of any Qatari consortium proving itself independent of state influence, and thus separate from the ownership of PSG,” a letter to UEFA said. “Freedom House's World Freedom Index classifies Qatar as 'not free', and its most recent assessment is highly critical of Qatar's record on the rule of law, corruption, and political participation: ‘Qatar's hereditary emir holds all executive and legislative authority and ultimately controls the judiciary.’” It continued: “UEFA's Statutes are very clear on the critical importance of ensuring that no single party can exercise control or influence over more than one club, and this is all the more important when the owners are states. “State ownership of European football clubs jeopardises the integrity of the game, its proclaimed values and its sustainability.”