TikTokers Josh and Archie flew a makeshift "spy balloon" over the Chinese embassy in London as a comical response to the suspected Chinese spy balloon that drifted into US airspace on January 28. Since the Chinese embassy is "legally considered to be China", the pair quip in their TikTok video, "we have decided to fly a balloon over Chinese airspace". In order to carry out the espionage mission, they buy some massive weather balloons off Ebay then head to a shop to purchase the helium they need to get the vessel off the ground. Josh and Archie are also seen buying a small "spy camera" to attach to the balloon. During the video, they conduct a trial run with a backup balloon and some rope. After deeming that successful, the "moment had come to spy on the embassy of the People's Republic of China". The comical duo knew the stakes were high: "this is one of the United Kingdom's most highly secured buildings", they joke in the video. READ MORE: US recovers critical sensors from debris of suspected Chinese spy balloon shot down As the espionage mission gets underway, one of them says: "I've never felt more like a criminal in my life." "Up it goes!" The balloon then floats up, narrowly missing a tree as it "scales" the Chinese embassy walls. "Our balloon had scaled in the embassy and is now in Chinese airspace," the TikTokers quip, adding that "our spy cam is staring into the windows of China". However, the joke is soon over when the police are called to the scene. DON'T MISS 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall [REPORT] A police van is seen pulling up on the pavement next to where the embassy is located. "People inside might be offended by this," a policeman says as he approaches the TikTokers. The pair are then ordered to pop the large weather balloon and be on their merry way. Josh and Archie sign off their TikTok video with the following message: "We know nothing about global politics but we do know if the world's largest country invades your airspace with a giant spy balloon, it's not so hard to send your own spy balloon back into theirs. Just try not to get arrested." READ MORE: US fighter jets divert four Russian warplanes flying near Alaska where UFO was shot down US-China relations took another blow on January 28 when a giant white orb crossed over into US airspace from Alaska. US intelligence swiftly concluded that the airborne vessel was a suspected Chinese spy balloon. China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions”. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests". But the US maintains it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt. The China balloon shot down was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance program that targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. The balloon's presence over US airspace prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high.