Fans have expressed their disgust after learning that Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers will be the UK’s most expensive boxing pay-per-view ever. Punters will have to fork out a staggering £32.26 to watch the exhibition contest on Zeus Network. The previous record was £26.95 which was slapped on Tyson Fury’s last fight against Derek Chisora and Anthony Joshua’s rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. But Mayweather’s eight-round non-scoring bout versus ex-Geordie Shore star Chalmers has blown that out of the water and supporters are not happy. “This will do an estimated 6-7 buys,” tweeted @Ryanmisangyi7. “Not that I’m interested in the slightest to watch this fight, but this is a great example of how difficult it is for boxing fans to follow the sport over £30 for a fight is ridiculous,” wrote @LUFCJOE9 “Just look at the tickets prices as well this is a joke who would pay for this,” added @Stuarthowlett1 who uploaded a screenshot of the ticket prices which range from £53.50 to £1238.50. Another equally baffled fan (@JamesDi48858141), sarcastically quipped: “Thank god this fight got made, as a long-time boxing fan this truly is the one I’ve been waiting for. I’d far rather watch this than Spence Vs Crawford or AJ Vs Fury. It really is the pinnacle of the sport!” Mayweather takes on Chalmers in his first fight across the pond on February 25 at the O2 Arena in London. TBE was initially matched up with Muay Thai legend Liam Harrison. However, Harrison pulled out on the day it was announced due to an ongoing shoulder injury as Chalmers stepped in. The 35-year-old has both professional MMA and boxing experience to his name despite being best known for his time on popular reality television show, Geordie Shore. Chalmers is 5-2 in mixed martial arts and spent two years competing for renowned promotion Bellator before making the transition to boxing where he is 1-0. Mayweather retired from professional boxing in 2017 with a perfect record of 50-0 but continues to compete in lucrative post-retirement contests across the globe against YouTubers, kickboxers and everything in between. Many fans have criticised the American legend’s decision to keep competing deep into his forties and a recent poll run by Express Sport has revealed what our readers make of it all. 65.8% of voters believe that Mayweather is destroying his legacy as one of the greatest boxers of all time by insisting on boxing further while a humble 34.2% believe it has no bearing on his overall achievements.