American teen sensation Coco Gauff got the better of her fellow starlet Emma Raducanu in the second round of the Australian Open last month. The 18-year-old prevailed in straight sets at the Rod Laver Arena to kick-off what many are expecting to be a career-long tussle between the two. Despite enduring a difficult spell with injuries and performance Raducanu currently holds the upper hand in the match-up on account of her startling 2021 US Open crown, though Gauff leads with three career titles overall. Writing in her BBC Sport column, the American finally let slip on what she thinks about the rivalry and also revealed her feelings about Raducanu herself. “I don't know if Emma and I will develop a rivalry or not for years to come,” the 2022 French Open finalist said. “ I guess that is what other people might expect - but any time there are two players aged 18 and 20 playing you would imagine they are going to play each other a lot in the future. “In my head I still think a rivalry is where you hate the person and I definitely don't hate Emma - I really like her!” Gauff went on to suffer a disappointing fourth round exit in Melbourne, losing in straight sets to Latvian Jelena Ostapenko, while Raducanu has continued to struggle with injury setbacks. The 20-year-old recently pulled out of the Austin Open with tonsillitis amidst ongoing ankle niggles. As a result the Brit currently ranks a full 74 places lower in the WTA standings than her American counterpart who is nestled just outside the top five. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu faces Wimbledon problem after last-minute illness halts tournament comeback Carlos Alcaraz injury may wreck Novak Djokovic bid as Spaniard set to 'undergo tests' Billionaire tennis player given worst birthday present ever and eats Doritos to ease pain As a result the Brit currently ranks a 74 places lower than her American counterpart in the WTA standings, who is nestled just outside the top five. Gauff, who will be looking to go one better than her final berth at last year's French Open come June, went on to tee up a few other young stars in the world of tennis who could be vying with her for Grand Slam honours in the years to come. “So who could I potentially develop a great rivalry with over the next 10 or 15 years? I don't know for sure, there are a lot of players who you could point to,” she added. “Emma is definitely one - I think we showed that in our match, which I think was a decent quality for the most part - while there is also Iga Swiatek and Leylah Fernandez, who are a similar age. “The Fruhvirtova sisters - Linda who is 17 and Brenda who is 15 - are just starting their careers and seem to have opportunities to do something great in the game, too. Another young player who has impressed me is Diana Shnaider, who is the same age as me.”