Packing a suitcase can be an absolute nightmare, between overpacking, the inevitable wrinkle of clothes and dirtying items due to mucky shoes. A flight attendant gave her simple tips for effective packing next time you jet off on your travels. Kat Kamalani is a former flight attendant turned TikTok star who shares her insider secrets to the masses. She told her almost 100,000 followers how they should be packing their suitcase to avoid any luggage related hassle. Kat started by telling flyers the first thing they should pack in their case - "bulk items" including shoes. However, she added an important insider secret that will save lots of time at your hotel. READ MORE: Flight attendant says avoid certain clothes for free upgrade She advised flyers to pick up some disposable hairnets - very inexpensive - and place each pair of shoes inside one. This stops the inevitable "dirt and grime" from shoes from transferring onto travellers favourite holiday clothes. Kat's next tip was to roll clothes rather than fold them when putting them in the suitcase. Then you can place them next to each other. This will prevent clothes from getting crumpled, as "nobody wants a wrinkled shirt or wrinkled pants". It also means travellers can fit much more in the case, meaning more gorgeous vacation outfits can come on holiday. Another benefit of rolling clothes is that those going on holiday can see each item in front of them in the case - great for those who don't want to fully unpack. Folding clothes and stacking them on top of one another could result in a very messy room the second one starts searching for an outfit, as they will have to take everything out of the bag. The insider's next tip was to invest in packing cubes for some top tier organisation. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to avoid sitting next to a crying baby  Packing cubes act as drawers and allow holidaymakers to separate items into categories - toiletries, underwear, T-shirts etc. Taking organisation a step further, write what each cube contains on sticky labels and place them on the cubes. Kat's final tip will allow those travelling to keep clean, fresh clothes away from sweaty, dirty ones. When you initially pack your case, bring a large plastic bag you can use for laundry. For extra separation between dirty and clean clothes, place this large plastic bag in the zip compartment at the top of your case. Travel enthusiasts and even a fellow flight attendant were quick to praise Kat for her expert tips. @user6775277034354 said: "Can't live without packing cubes, they are the best!". Kat replied that they are "seriously life-changing". @YupItsMe championed Kat's rolling versus folding technique: "Ex flight attendant here...it's all about the roll.