Manchester United fans are getting increasingly dizzy over the prospect of Qatar purchasing the club. But, in Erik ten Hag, the Red Devils have already hired somebody better than any new owner. The job the Dutchman has done at Old Trafford has been exceptional so far, as Thursday night’s stirring 2-2 draw with Barcelona shows… Manchester United had gone into their match with Barcelona looking for a major scalp. And while they were unable to claim victory at the Nou Camp, with Raphinha netting a late leveller for the home side, the Red Devils still put in another impressive display. This is a team who, at long last, are starting to look like a United side that can challenge for the biggest and best trophies on offer. And that’s a testament to Ten Hag and what he’s achieved since taking charge back in the summer. The 53-year-old inherited a United team that were, in short, a mess following a miserable campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last time out. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Morale was at an all time low, especially following a dire sixth-placed finish in the league table. And Ten Hag’s reign got off to the worst possible start when United were beaten by Brighton and Brentford in their first two competitive fixtures of the season. Since then, however, there has been the remarkable turnaround. United have got better and better with each passing week. There remains the odd blip, like the ones against Aston Villa and Leeds, but they’ve been on an upwards trajectory. They’re a side who can now go to Barcelona, play their own game and not bend to the will of the opposition. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The United job is the toughest in club football. This is, after all, a team still pining for the influence of Sir Alex Ferguson. But Ten Hag has waved his magic wand and, now, players are dancing to his tune again. You can have all the money in the world and still not be guaranteed to be a good team. Just look at Chelsea, who have forked out over £600million since the summer and still look as far apart from their usual selves as possible. But United have signed shrewdly and that’s another area where Ten Hag deserves credit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Casemiro and Tyrell Malacia, both his recruits, were impressive against Barcelona amid the cauldron of the Nou Camp. Even Wout Weghorst, who arrived from Burnley last month, put in a decent shift. And Lisandro Martinez and Antony, who were both absent, have shone for United for the most part since their arrivals from Ajax. For now, all eyes are on Qatar. But Ten Hag is worth more than any owner, if his first six months in charge of the club are anything to go by. Speaking after the draw against Barcelona, meanwhile, the 53-year-old expressed a belief his side dominated the game. ”I think we dictated the game, apart from maybe 15 minutes in the first half, we had some difficulties, but in the rest we were dictating the game and we had so many chances,” he said. “I was a little bit disappointed that at half time it was 0-0 because we should have scored and the opportunities they had we created by ourselves. “But I think it was a great game. Two attacking teams. “I think it was a Champions League game, even more than that, so I really enjoyed the game. In the end [it finished] 2-2, and we have to finish it in Old Trafford."