It is recommended that travellers hide their valuables in the hotel room as even the most basic hiding places are better than nothing. However, holidaymakers should never hide all the items in the same place and instead, spread the money, jewellery and other electronic devices around the room to lower the risk of getting stolen. Some of the best hiding spots in a hotel room have been revealed by a flight attendant and a travel expert. Travel experts at Luggageandsuitcase explained that the bathroom is one of the best and most unexpected places to hide your valuables. The shower pole, for instance, is a great hiding spot but travellers may need to bring some tools with them. Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz explained that for some crew members "safety is a priority", especially when flying to long-haul destinations such as Thailand or South America. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to spot 'hidden camera' in hotel room  Some flight attendants reportedly bring "screwdrivers and duct tape" on their overnights to stay safe. "Some people bring their own pillows because they hate the pillows at the hotel and they can't get a good night's sleep, and others bring weird tools to stay safe in the room," the flight attendant explained. Some crew members carry door wedges and personal alarms to stay safe in the room, while others bring screwdrivers and duct tape to hide their valuables when they leave the hotel. To hide the valuables in the shower pole, travellers will need a screwdriver to remove it first as some are screwed to the wall.  Once they have undone it, hotel guests should simply slip things, like money and valuables, into it and reattach it to the wall. Another clever way to hide things is using decoy bottles which can be purchased online or alternatively, travellers can reuse empty toiletries they already have. Simply place your valuables in the bottles and these will look like everyday toiletries. "A simple yet effective solution," the travel experts explained. Money and other valuable items can also be hidden under the bed but for this, holidaymakers will need duct tape. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' According to the experts, taping an envelope to the side of the frame is the best option. "It is unlikely that a thief will run their hand along the underside of a frame," they said. "If they do bend down to have a look, they will not see anything unusual. I have used this method many times, it is simple, quick and easy!" The flight attendant also recommended "always keeping the curtains closed". "Have you ever noticed when you first walk into your hotel room that the curtains are open? That’s a tall tale sign that the room is empty." Therefore, holidaymakers should try to keep the curtains closed when they leave. Flight attendant Esther, who flies for European airline KLM, shared a game-changing way to "check that no one is under the bed without looking". She revealed that travellers should simply "throw a bottle under it" and it "has to come out on the other side". If it doesn't, it means that someone is hiding under the bed. American flight attendant Kat Kamali also said it is crucial that people inspect the room to see "if there's anyone there" as soon as they check in.