As the Cheltenham Festival edges closer, trainers are looking to get one last run into their top prospects before heading to the big meeting. Several top horses head to Newbury this weekend to improve their chances of success in March, with ITV Racing covering all the action. Viewers will be hoping that they can pick all seven winners of the ITV7 competition on the day to land themselves the £50,000 prize. Several favourites won’t need to be at their best to secure victory on Saturday, though there is a fair share of wide-open affairs in the competition. Express Sport shares their picks ITV7 picks… 13.50 Newbury – Regarding Ruth (8/1) In a wide-open handicap, it could pay to trust that Lucy Wadham has Regarding Ruth spot on. The selection has not been seen since May 2021, though she has often thrived when returning from absences previously. The mare impressed on her last outing and could be worth taking a chance on. 14.05 Warwick – Love Envoi (4/9) A general 11/2 shot for the Mares Hurdle, Love Envoi will be hoping to justify her spot towards the top of the market by landing this weak affair. Harry Fry’s cruised clear at Sandown in January and should have no trouble repeating that feat here. 14.25 Newbury – Eldorado Allen (11/4) Saturday could be the day for Eldorado Allen to be rewarded for his efforts by landing the Denman Chase. The nine-year-old ran well in defeat in the King George VI Chase on Boxing Day, staying on well late on. Hitman didn’t give his true running that day, being pulled up – with the vet revealing he bled from his nose – though he may have to settle for second here. 14.45 Uttoxeter – Bangers And Cash (5/1) After being declared a non-runner last weekend at Sandown, Bangers And Cash is handed another opportunity to continue his good form. Ben Pauling’s gelding has progressed markedly this season and the hat trick could beckon now dropped back to 3m. The seven-year-old showed a game attitude at Market Rasen in his last outing and that could set him apart late on. 14.50 Naas – Look Dont Touch In a tricky Irish contest to unpick, Dermot McLoughlin’s Look Dont Touch appears to have some of the best form on offer. The eight-year-old ran well for a long way last time out at Fairyhouse, struggling to find late on after a prominent display. That race could have him spot on for this race and allow him to land an overdue first win. 15.00 Newbury – Greaneteen (4/7) Greaneteen failed to retain his Tingle Creek crown last time out, though a second-placed finish to Edwardstone is rock-solid form. Paul Nicholls’ gelding is the class act in this field and should have no trouble in returning to winning ways. 15.35 Newbury – Hacker Des Places (13/2) Hacker Des Places has every chance of landing a double before heading to Cheltenham by securing victory in the Betfair Hurdle. He was better than the winning margin suggested when hanging left last time out, pulling well clear with Might I. A 5lb rise in the weights for that race demands more, though he could be up to the challenge under jockey Angus Cheleda.