Tommy Fury’s dad John claims his son wants to fight Logan Paul next after he ‘destroys’ younger brother Jake. John even claims that Tommy would fill them both in on the same night. But before any such fight can be made Tommy will have to get through Jake twice with a rematch clause signed into the contract in the event that TNT gets his hand raised on fight night. John isn’t bothered by the prospect and welcomes the opportunity to earn ‘another big payday for nothing’. “All the better for us, more money,” John told talkSPORT. “Another big payday for nothing. He can have three rematch clauses if he wants, put ten in, we’re not bothered. “We’re not bothered, because we can beat him and his brother on the same night. We’ll go for [Logan] next, straight away. His brother can have it the next week, he can have it on March 2 if he wants, we’re not bothered.” John, a former professional boxer himself, is not very impressed by Jake’s skillset nor his rise in the world of influencer boxing. The 58-year-old claims Jake couldn’t even beat him let alone his son. “I don’t make anything of it,” John said. “Jake Paul can’t beat me, listen, he’s rubbish, rubbish, you understand that? What do I have to do to explain to you people, you can’t do a job that takes years to perfect in just a few short years, he’s never fought a proper fighter who’s going to hit him back. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury has sent many sparring partners to hospital ahead of Paul fight Haye drops new Healy and Osborne 'throuple' hint with post Anthony Joshua relying on Usyk to make Fury fight dream a reality “Tommy’s going to hit him back, simple as that. All of them 50-year-old has been MMA guys, they got no head movement, they got no movement, they got no structure, they got nothing. “It’s like they are heavy bags, the ones he’s fought have been 50-year-old heavy bags on legs, it’s a different kettle of fish for a man bobbing and weaving it with both hands and Tommy is going to absolutely destroy him. “There’s nothing else on Tommy’s mind, there’s been too much said. Let me tell you it’s a mismatch, that’s how I see it, mismatch.” Despite John’s dismissal, Jake’s short stint in boxing has certainly been impressive. After picking up the sport in 2018, the ex-Disney actor has gone on to rack up a 6-0 professional record against a number of ex-UFC champions and MMA stars with four stoppages from six to his name as well.