A Place in the Sun host Jasmine Harman, who revealed last month that she'd had "four lots" of upsetting news in one week, has added to the sombre tone by sharing a devastating video by her husband Jon. The camera operator's sister, Joanne, died unexpectedly after going into cardiac arrest, leaving him bereft. He is now passionately declaring his support for the CRY charity, which helps with screening for cardiac risk in young people. Jo had been a healthy young mother whom no one had expected would face premature death - and she was exactly the type of person that CRY now help. In an emotional video posted to Jasmine's Instagram account, during which he could scarcely hold back the tears, he announced: "I support CRY in memory of my amazing sister, Joanne White. "[She] passed away suddenly in the night in 2016, from sudden cardiac death," he revealed. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post "Jo was an amazing mother, daughter, auntie, wife and sister. The reason I support CRY is they were there for her family when she was taken so suddenly, offering us guidance and immediate screening." He added: "CRY continue to support us with yearly heart screenings of myself and some of Jo's family." Meanwhile, Jon continued that Jo would have wanted the memory of her plight to be used to raise awareness and potentially save other young people from being taken far too young. "Any funds raised will continue to support the amazing work CRY do in their research, the screening of young people for potential heart problems and raising awareness of young, unexplained cardiac deaths," he explained, his voice quavering with emotion. He finally added: "On behalf of Jo, or anyone tragically affected by sudden cardiac death, thank you for all that you do." Jon has always been health-conscious and is believed to be one of the very few people who include a list of vaccinations they've had on their CV. The keen amateur chef also sticks to a strictly controlled vegan diet, which he feels could boost his heart health. Meanwhile, his physical fitness has been assisted by the Spirit of London Marathon, which he ran to raise funds for cardiac research and awareness.  Meanwhile, property guru Jasmine has received a slew of supportive messages in her inbox after admitting that she'd recently had an "absolute downer" of a week herself. The star, whose former colleague Jonnie Irwin is also struggling and currently battling terminal cancer, reassured followers that after her bad case of the blues, things are slowly stabilising. She mentioned that she was being supported by Jon after receiving some "tremendously sad" news, which she chose not to elaborate on further. Jasmine spoke of her gratitude that Jon was "by my side to [help me] get through some of the more upsetting stuff." She added in view of her 123,000 Instagram followers: "Thank you for always being there for me and being my rock." The pair have been married for the past 14 years and share son Albion and daughter Joy. The TV host added philosophically: "Some things ease with time and some things you just have to learn to live with. "Sometimes you just have to learn to be a really good support to the people that you love - but just wanted to say a very big thank you."