Cristiano Ronaldo’s first few months at Al-Nassr have certainly been eventful. The Portugal international opted to move to Saudi Arabia shortly after Manchester United terminated his contract back in November, which came after he criticised Erik ten Hag in a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. Yet while he’s been in typical goalscoring form, his arrival hasn’t been an unprecedented success so far… Ronaldo made his first outing in the Middle East back in January, with the veteran starting for a Saudi All-Star side in a friendly match against Paris Saint-Germain. And the two teams put on quite a show, with PSG running out 5-4 winners after a chaotic night of action. Ronaldo netted twice for the Saudi XI but also received a punch to the face after colliding with former Real Madrid team-mate Keylor Navas. And the blows would then keep coming. Though Al-Nassr were able to beat Al-Ettifaq in his first game of the club, the veteran was unable to score. And he couldn’t prevent their Saudi State Cup exit to Al-Ittihad last week, either. Speaking after that game, Al-Nassr boss Rudi Garcia admitted there were some teething problems with Ronaldo following his move from United. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "One of the things that changed the course of the match was Cristiano's missed opportunity in the first half,” Garcia said after the game. “It is very important that the players play normally and don't always try to give Cristiano the ball. “I told them they had to make the right decisions on the pitch. “Obviously, when Cristiano or Anderson Talisca are alone and ask for the ball, we have to give them the ball. “These two players are capable of making a difference. “I think sometimes we had good crossing positions, but there were not enough people in the box, sometimes not Ronaldo or Talisca. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “We have to work on it, have one of them in the area and maybe the other will play outside the area.” Ronaldo did, of course, summon the magic of old by scoring four goals as Al-Nassr beat Al-Wehda earlier in the month. But he frustrated last week, despite his side beating Al-Taawoun 2-1. And not everybody has been impressed by Ronaldo’s performances in the Middle East. Some fans have been split over the veteran, believing the other players on the team are doing too much to accommodate him. Others have actually dubbed Al-Nassr as stronger without Ronaldo, despite his huge reputation. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And there’s a sense that Garcia, like Ten Hag before him, is finding getting the best out of the United star to be a difficult task. Ronaldo has also stolen the job of captain since rocking up to Saudi, too. Abdullah Madu had previously been the skipper of the side but, ultimately, was unable to prevent a change of leadership at the club. That makes Al-Nassr the first club Ronaldo has captained permanently during the course of his glittering career. During his first spell at United he played under iconic captains such as Roy Keane and Gary Neville, while Rio Ferdinand, Ryan Giggs and Nemanja Vidic also sported the armband on regular occasions. Vidic was made captain of the club after Ronaldo’s exit to Real in 2009. While at the Bernabeu, Iker Casillas and Sergio Ramos usually lead the team. During his time at Juventus, Giorgio Chiellini and Leonardo Bonucci were usually preferred to wear the armband. And after returning to United in 2021, Ronaldo found himself being captained by Harry Maguire. Meanwhile, United midfielder Bruno Fernandes recently spoke about how Ten Hag ‘pulled apart’ Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho to improve the team. “He demands from people. He demands and you either do it, or you’re out,” Fernandes explained. “In the beginning everyone was like: ‘Will he do that if a big player doesn’t do what he wants? Will he pull him apart or not?’ “And then he did it many times, he did it with Cristiano, he did it with Jadon and with Marcus also.” FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.