When Al Chapman (played by Michael Wildman) was shot in Emmerdale, it seemed like his affair with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) would stay a secret. However, it didn't take long for Chas' betrayal to be exposed by her husband Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). The couple has had a turbulent time of late as they try to remain civil for their daughter while living under the same roof. However, in upcoming scenes, things seem to take another turn when the duo think about dating other people. In official spoilers released by ITV, Bear (Joshua Richards) surprises Paddy when he reveals he’s set up a double date for them. The vet remains polite but is horrified as he's being forcibly thrown back into the dating pool. Bear isn’t getting the hint Paddy isn’t in the right headspace for all this socialising as he encourages him to hit the town with their dates Carol (Sally Banks) and Bev (Pamela Mayos). READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Paddy thinks up an excuse and sighs with relief as Bear leaves with Carol and Bev. The next day, Chas is taken aback when she thinks she overhears Paddy bragging about being single. Shortly after, when Chas flirtatiously banters with Kev the drayman, Paddy is cut deep. Chas puts Paddy in his place over his controlling behaviour and reminds him it’s his choice to remain living with her. Paddy's former flame Mandy (Lisa Riley) is concerned as the exchange leaves him looking bereft. Soon after, Paddy tries to hide from Mandy but has no luck. As the vet admits he’s lost, Mandy wordlessly moves in to hold broken Paddy. The Dingle favourite knows how hard it can be to move forward when you still love someone. Paddy is quietly struck by Mandy’s observation and senses that perhaps she knows how he feels right now. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'isn't sure' of co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] Back at the Woolpack, as they open a bottle of wine, Paddy and Mandy both find themselves coyly avoiding making eye contact - as the implication of Mandy's words hangs between them. As the afternoon draws on, Paddy and Mandy reminisce through music and dissolve into helpless, cathartic, alcohol-fuelled laughter. Mandy wrestles with her conscience as she locks eyes with drunk Paddy. However, speaking in a new interview, actress Lisa discussed her upcoming storyline and hinted that the pair could end up reuniting. "The point they make is you can't just switch off love," Lisa explained. "But then through what's happening is you realise Mandy's looking at him and there are moments like... where they have a toy stethoscope, and she jokes with him that his heart is beating so he's still fully alive. "And that's the first time you see you'll see them lock eyes." She continued: "Then their song comes on which is Tina Turner's What's Love Got To Do With It. "Mandy is fighting and fighting, and they keep locking eyes. Mandy doesn't want to be a doormat again." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.