Manchester United have 'requested' the signing of France striker Randal Kolo Muani, according to reports. Liverpool are also interested in the player who is now valued at around £89million by Eintracht Frankfurt. United are set to be in the market for a forward in the summer. The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo left a sizable hole in Erik ten Hag's squad. Wout Weghorst has been brought in as a short-term loan option, while Anthony Martial continues to be hampered by regular injury problems. Tottenham's Harry Kane and Napoli's Victor Osimhen have both been reported as targets for United. However, Kolo Muani has also been linked and it appears interest may be stepping up. French outlet L'Equipe claims both United and Liverpool have requested the 24-year-old's signing. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m  United are more in need of a striker, with Liverpool recently having bought Cody Gakpo and Darwin Nunez. The report says Frankfurt initially valued Kolo Muani at around £71m. However, his performances this season have seen the asking price rise to £89m. He has nine goals and 10 assists to his name in 18 Bundesliga appearances this term. Kolo Muani also scored twice in the Champions League group stage, as well as once at the World Cup in Qatar. He came on in the first half of the final against Argentina and had a chance to win the tournament for France deep into extra-time but saw his effort saved by Emiliano Martinez. He only joined Frankfurt last summer on a free transfer from Nantes. But the German side look set to make a huge profit whenever they decide to sell him. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning  Kolo Muani still has four-and-a-half years remaining on his contract, so there is no rush for Frankfurt to cash in. However, a huge offer from United could tempt them into a sale. He may be a slightly cheaper option for United than Osimhen. Napoli are likely to demand a fee north of £100m for the Nigeria international, who has 16 goals in 17 appearances in Serie A this season. Kane, meanwhile, is out of contract at Tottenham at the end of next season. Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for Spurs' new all-time record goalscorer. United have a long-standing interest in Kane. However, reports recently claimed the England skipper is open to signing a new deal with Spurs.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here