The terrifying moment a dad was stabbed on his own driveway by a thug on a scooter has been captured in shocking CCTV footage. The victim, in his 30s, was attacked as his wife and three-year-old child watched on helplessly last Friday. His brother has now said the family has no grudges with anyone so he can't understand why the father-of-two was targeted. The victim was rushed to hospital and needed stitches on his upper body with medics saying the stabbing narrowly missed a main artery. He had just collected his child from nursery and pulled up at home in Gravelly Hill, Birmingham, when the yob on the scooter struck, Birmingham Live reports. The child had just got out the car and had ran to their mum on the driveway, The assailant knifed the man three times and ran away, it is believed. The victim’s brother, Asad Mahmood, described the attacker as a "coward". Asad and his father arrived quickly at the scene but the yob had gone.  Asad, 39, said: "We don’t know if this was targeted. My brother, who is in his early 30s, doesn’t have any issue with anybody and our family doesn’t, that we know of. "On Friday my brother, who is a legal clerk, went to work and came back at half five. He went out to get his child from nursery and was with his wife when the stabbing happened. "He arrived back around 6pm. He’s in the car around a minute or so and comes out of the car. His wife gets out of the passenger side and he gets his child from the vehicle. Somebody on a scooter goes across the property. "It looks like he tried to stand the scooter up but it fell against the fence. My brother was like ‘what’s that noise’. He walks to the entrance and this guy appears. "He was fully covered up with gloves. He said ‘yo, what blud what’. As my brother pushed back, he then said ‘what the hell’ as he was stabbed three times. Once by his collar bone, once in his chest near to his heart and another near there. "Then the attacker ran away. It was then my brother realised he had been stabbed."  Emergency services were called, with family members applying pressure on the man’s wounds to "stop the bleeding". Asad added: "My dad came out and then got me. We went to look for the attacker. We were gone around five minutes and by then armed police came. Soon afterwards the ambulance came. "They told us what we needed to hear. We were told it wasn’t life-threatening and the wounds had missed a main artery. He went to hospital and they stitched him up. He had more stitches in his fingers too. "Any other time, any other day, it could have been much, much worse." Asad has shared the CCTV footage of his brother’s stabbing to warn other people but to also encourage people who may know something to come forward. He said: “The way the guy stopped. It almost makes you think he’s picked on my brother. Something about it just seemed off. “I asked my brother did he ask for money, your phone or car and my brother said ‘perhaps he thought I was staring at him’. My sister-in-law had gone to the house and when she saw what was happening she said to my brother ‘get back here, get into the house’. “Armed police came and checked the footage, but it is very difficult to see the guy. He was wearing dark clothing and distinctive puffer jacket with a zig zag design. “My brother said he was slim and around 18. A dark male. "Somebody will know the way he walks or their mannerisms. Police tried to get as much CCTV as they could. They came back on Saturday morning too and asked neighbour about it. My brother’s clothes have gone to forensics. "When it happened I was very upset. All the horrible thoughts run through your mind. My father was hysterical. We were worried if an ambulance would turn up. We have lived in Erdington for years and never experienced something like this. You never expect this to happen to you.” The family believe the scooter was one of the council’s Voi electric scooters so Asad hopes data can be found on its movements. A spokeswoman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “We were called to reports of a stabbing on Wheelwright Road, Erdington at 6.04pm. An ambulance, paramedic officer and the West Midlands CARE (Central Accident, Resuscitation & Emergency) Team attended. "On arrival crews found a man who had sustained serious injuries and received treatment on scene before being conveyed to hospital for further care.” West Midlands Police has been contacted for a statement but has yet to respond.    