A mother has described how she begged paramedics to save her son's life after finding his lifeless body on the floor. Michael Toohey was brutally murdered in an internet cafe in Liverpool in April last year. Three brothers, their friend and a 14-year-old boy were all jailed for life for the murder, Liverpool Echo reports. In a victim impact statement read to the court on Friday, Mr Toohey's family said: "Michael was lying motionless with paramedics doing CPR. Our mother crying desperately and begging for them to save her young child." The court heard that his mother has refused to leave her bed for days and wakes up screaming in the night after what she witnessed. The family said: "We have watched our mother and father deteriorate, from the fun-loving parents and grandparents, into the heartbroken souls they've become." The statement added: "We have watched Michael’s partner having to raise their baby boy on her own, as his daddy has been cruelly taken from him. Baby Michael Jr will never have that father and son bond, his daddy will not teach him to ride a bike, his daddy will not take him to football practice, all the things that a father and son should do together. "That will not now happen, as our own young child was brutally beaten, and his life taken that day. Michael Jr must grow up and one day learn that his daddy was taken from him in the most unlawful way.” The court heard that 18-year-old Michael had "started to turn his life around" after moving into a new home with his partner and starting a new job and wanted to "leave the past behind him". Keiron Williams, Anthony Williams and Michael Williams and Steven McInerney were all sentenced to life in prison with a minimum of 18 years served. The 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named was sentenced to life in detention with a minimum term of eight years in prison. READ MORE:Primary school bursar stole £490k to fund lavish holidays The court heard that Mr Toohey stopped to talk to some friends while he was being watched by the 14-year-old boy. The boy alerted Michael Williams to the sighting who told his brother Anthony Williams, who in turn called Keiron Williams in a series of calls. Keiron Williams arrived at the scene and chased Mr Toohney. Anthony Williams, his friend Steven McInerney and Michael Williams all arrived and the group chased Mr Toohey who had ran into the internet shop. A post-mortem examination found the cause of death to be blunt force trauma. Multiple bruises were found on his head and neck, some of the patterning consistent with footwear. The judge ruled he was satisfied Mr Toohey was repeatedly stamped on and kicked in the head.