Tom Brady has announced his retirement from the NFL on February 1, but it's not the first time he's done so. Last year, on the exact same date, Brady posted an image on his social media pages that he intended to retire from the league after 22 seasons. But just 40 days later, he reversed that decision and came back - signing a one-year deal to remain with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Brady came back to the team after performing well in 2021, feeling that he still had enough in him to perform at an elite level and win a Super Bowl this past season... but that did not go to plan. Whilst Brady himself still played at a strong level, the team around him struggled greatly, especially running the ball and their ability to halt other teams on defence. Many expected the 45-year-old to consider his options, and potentially sign elsewhere. But he has now opted against that, and walked away from the sport - this time, he says, for good. However, it's now been claimed he wouldn't have been short of options if he decided to stay in the NFL, and theoretically could still have interested teams if he came back. The San Francisco 49ers are one team who reportedly would have shown interest in Brady, and are certainly a team who are a quarterback away from winning it all - and are Brady's home town team. NFL insider Ian Rapoport recently reported that teams are not concerned about Brady's ability to still play at a high level after what they saw last year. Speaking to Good Morning Football, NFL reporter Ian Rapoport said: "It is significant for multiple reasons. Brady is 45 years old and questions will be could he still do it? Teams thought he could still play, the miles per hour readings were the same last year as they were ever been. There are several teams who need a quarterback and it is not going to Brady.   "I think the debate that we could have had was whether it was Brock Purdy or Brady for the San Francisco 49ers, or potentially Brady with the Raiders. The family considerations loom large here. "His children have moved to Florida and Brady wants to be around them - spending time away from them, if he did not join the Buccaneers or Miami Dolphins, would have been difficult. Where his right now is paramount to Brady." 