Manchester United will face a managerless Leeds United at Old Trafford on Wednesday after Jesse Marsch was sacked on Monday. But there will be a familiar face in the opposition dugout in Chris Armas, who reportedly wasn't popular with players as Ralf Rangnick's assistant last season. Rangnick brought Armas to United after replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as interim manager until the summer. But the pair guided the Red Devils to a disastrous end to the campaign, which became the club's worst-ever in the Premier League. And several reports leaking out of the dressing room emphasised the toxic culture in M16 throughout a tumultuous nine months. In February, ESPN claimed United players were growing tired of Rangnick's 'old-fashioned' methods and left bemused that he trusted Armas with most of the coaching. Some stars jokingly labelled Armas 'Ted Lasso', the fictional American coach who takes charge of AFC Richmond in Apple+'s hit comedy show. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp told to bite the bullet with two players  The 49-year-old had never coached outside of the United States before arriving at United, with his latest role a 15-match spell as Toronto FC manager before being sacked after winning just two games. His previous record and tenure at Old Trafford left many surprised to see Marsch recruit him to his backroom staff at Leeds last month. But after the West Yorkshire giants dismissed Marsch after less than a year at the helm this week, Armas wasn't among the three coaches the club confirmed had left with him. Rene Maric, Cameron Toshack and Pierre Barrieu followed the former boss out the exit door, leaving many pondering who would take charge of the daunting trip to Old Trafford. DON'T MISS Adnan Januzaj was meant to be Sir Alex Ferguson's parting Man Utd giftTottenham 'decide on selling Harry Kane to Man Utd' this summerEight PL cult heroes who are still playing from Adebayor to Santa Cruz Leeds have since confirmed that Armas will be part of a three-man coaching team against United. U21 head coach Michael Skubala, Paco Gallardo and Armas will take training at the club's Thorp Arch training ground on Tuesday and guide the team to Old Trafford on Wednesday. Skubala will be tasked with media duties, posing as the interim manager, but Armas' M16 return will be a surprise to many. Whether he remains at Elland Road for Sunday's reverse fixture, likely under new management, remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here