Residents of Stockland Green have urged caution after many reports of prostitution, burglaries and drug use on Slade Road. The road is said to be Birmingham's “most notorious” street.   Speaking to Birmingham Live, residents expressed fears of groups of drinkers standing on street corners, causing them to rush home. An 80-year-old resident who asked not to be named said: “I've been propositioned three or four times by prostitutes. “These are young girls - maybe early 20s, possibly Eastern European. “I only wanted to go to the shops and get some bits and bobs and I have to keep declining their offers! It's very tiresome. READ MORE: Newcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner “This area has got worse and worse over time. It has so many issues with drugs and other crime.” Another resident, Gordon Stamford, 69, said he suffered a burglary, with the thieves taking “lots of things and money for the grandchildren”. He also believes the intrusion caused his beloved dog to die from a heart attack, triggered by the stress of the break-in. Mr Stamford said: “It was my mum's dog, which I looked after when she died. It was so sad. DON'T MISSPrince George left 'annoyed' by lesson on environment [INSIGHT]McDonald's announces major offer only available on one day [UPDATE]Dancing on Ice's Ekin-Su dealt blow hours before live show [REVEAL]  “I'd like to move but the thing is I'm stuck in this council home and at my age - that's it. I used to go to the social club and walk back at 2am or 3am, but I wouldn't dream of doing that now - it just isn't safe.” Another resident, in his 70s, who lives in a bungalow on the street, said: “There was a drugs den up from us. “We rang the police a number of times before it was shut down. I think it's been empty about a year now.   “There's loads of drugs that still go on, street dealing moving it around and you can smell drugs in the air. “There was also a bail hostel down the road. It was terrible. Ex-cons fighting, shouting and drinking out in the street. It was frightening. “Thankfully that went about a year ago. But living here is a bit of a nightmare. I'd never go out at night. I'd be too scared to.”  