The Queen Consort, mingled with fashion royalty as she visited the new JCA | London Fashion Academy. Camilla looked the part as she met fashion icon Jimmy Choo OBE who, with Stephen Smith, founded the institute. The Academy is one of the newest emerging universities in the UK solely dedicated to fashion. This school, first launched in London Mayfair, prides itself on craftsmanship and provides its students with the opportunity to learn how to make clothing, hats and shoes. It also offers a professional incubator and maker space to its students and local artisans. While at JCA, Camilla met children from a local school and saw how they were designing shoes. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'upset' as Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to attend King's Coronation The presence of school pupils at the Academy symbolised Mr Choo and Mr Smith's desire to encourage with their institute youngsters to enter the creative fashion world. After looking positively impressed with the creations of the youngsters, Her Majesty toured the work spaces at the Academy and met its students and local artisans as they were sewing, cutting and designing clothes. The Academy was officially launched in September 2021 and has played a key role in re-galvanising London's fashion community after the pandemic hit the world. On top of shaping the designers of the future, it also provides contemporary co-working spaces, a gallery and exhibition area and a calendar of networking and fashion-focused events. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'self-delusion and arrogance' blasted for spilling Royal Family secrets Camilla visited the Academy's Maker Space at Boston Manor House, which opened its doors to work with and develop the artisan community alongside offering specialised degree programmes. This visit came in the midst of a busy day for the royal. Earlier today, Queen Consort officially re-opened the newly-renovated Boston Manor, which is this year celebrating its 400th anniversary. Boston Manor, located in the building adjacent to the Academy, is a Jacobean house set to soon open its doors to the public and offer a learning centre for children. During this engagement, Camilla was presented with a replica of the key given to the Queen Mother when she visited the house. DON'T MISS Kate proving 'she can take on whatever challenges' role throws at her [LATEST]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [SPOTLIGHT]Couple 'gobsmacked' after finding King's letter to his 'ill granny' [REVEAL] Shortly after noon, Camilla made her first appearance in public since she was diagnosed with COVID-19 on February 13. Her Majesty hosted at Clarence House a reception attended by authors, publishers and representatives of literacy organisations she champions. The event also saw the Queen Consort deliver a poignant speech, in which first she joked about being "Covid-free" and then seemingly waded into the debate surrounding Puffin's decision to partially modify the language used by Roald Dahl in some of his children's books to meet the modern sensibility. 