The Met Office is warning all regions of England will see temperatures plunge, prompting an alert from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) to look out for those most at risk from cold weather. Low temperatures and widespread overnight frosts are forecast across all regions in England from 6pm on Sunday until the same time on Tuesday (February 7). Dr Agostinho Sousa, Consultant in Public Health Medicine at UKHSA, said: "Cold weather can have serious consequences for health, with older people and those with heart or lung conditions particularly at risk. "It’s important to check in on family, friends and relatives who are more vulnerable to the cold weather. "If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18°C if you can." David Oliver, Deputy Chief forecaster at the Met Office, said: "From Sunday and into early next week an area of high pressure will dominate the UK’s weather. "This will bring some cold nights with a widespread frost across the country. "However, by day temperatures will recover to around mid-single figures, near normal for the time of year." Meanwhile, the Environment Agency has issued 17 flood alerts affecting East Anglia and southern England. Flood warnings are in place in Dorset, Hampshire, Wiltshire, West Sussex and Norfolk. READ ABOUT AMERICANS TURNING ON MEGHAN AND HARRY UKHSA has added advice to its cold weather plan for England on the risks and tips for keeping warm this winter. For those struggling to pay for their heating, there is free advice on energy efficiency and national grants, which are available to help keep you warm this winter. UKHSA said if people can’t heat all the rooms they use, it’s important to heat the living room during the day and the bedroom just before going to sleep. It added: "Wearing several layers of thinner clothing will keep you warmer than one thicker layer. Having plenty of hot food and drinks is also effective for keeping warm." DON'T MISS: David Davis slams civil servants for 'cr**' Brexit negotiations [REVEALED] BBC urged to investigate claims Dominic Raab 'swore at staff member' [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan set for Sussex title challenge in weeks [REPORT] Tonight (February 3) looks to be mostly dry with patchy cloud cover and occasional clear spells. More cloud will build in from the west after midnight with a chance for spotty outbreaks of light rain or drizzle. There will be a light west to south-westerly wind with milder than average temperatures. Saturday will see a band of rain, sinking southwards across Scotland, Northern Ireland and northern England, bringing in a stream of cooler northwesterly wind. It will be mainly dry in the south, but skies are expected to remain cloudy and grey throughout the day with light to moderate west to northwesterly winds. The latest forecast comes after reports of a Beast from the East chill heading to Britain, though some have cast doubt on the possibility of such a scenario. Jim Dale, a senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk on Thursday: "There is only one model pushing it. It's all still in the melting pot. "I think it will get there in one form or another but as yet it is unlikely to be manifesting. Big high pressure to contend with over the next few days. As I said a few days ago, that’s the battle zone."