Amid the carnage of the earthquakes that have claimed more than 7,300 lives there have been extraordinary scenes of despair mixed in with a tiny bit of hope. In one heart-rending image from Kahramanmaras, close to the epicentre in Turkey, distraught father Mesut Hancer sat silently lost in misery as he clung on to the hand of his dead 15-year-old daughter.  Irmakleyla was crushed as she slept when their house collapsed. Just her hand and a small portion of her face could be seen through a narrow gap as her heartbroken father looked wistfully away. Across the border in northern Syria, there was some small joy as a baby was born under the rubble of her family home. The girl’s umbilical cord wasstill attached as rescue teams carried her out and took her to hospital. Locals in the small town of Jindires said her parents and four siblings all died. Other rescue attempts had happier endings – like the mother and baby, both found alive in the rubble of a building in Hatay, Turkey, 29 hours after the first quake hit. But scores more are still feared trapped two days later and Unicef fears the death toll will include thousands of children. Officials say more than 5,434 people have so far died in Turkey, while more than 1,932 are dead in Syria. The World Health Organization warned the number of victims of the quakes could pass 20,000. It believes the total affected across the two countries could top 23 million.  WHO’s Dr Margaret Harris said: “Many hospitals just do not have what they need to function, like power. Until you’ve cleared all the damage, you don’t know how many have died.” The epicentre of the earthquake was near the city of Gaziantep, south-eastern Turkey near the Syrian border. It struck in the early hours of Monday when most people were asleep. The 7.8-magnitude shock, one of the biggest in a century, was followed by a 7.5 tremor hours later. Despite freezing conditions, desperate people have been digging through rubble with their bare hands to reach their loved ones. Other despairing survivors sat next to piles of rubble hoping their relatives would be found alive. Local rescue teams are being joined by international groups with specialist equipment, including 77 firefighters and staff from the UK. But they have been hampered by continuing aftershocks, including a 5.8 tremor on Tuesday morning. In the Turkish city of Hatay, residents helplessly called out as the screams and shouts of those freezing under the rubble filled the air. In many areas, voices were heard beneath collapsed buildings. Some of those buried under rubble sent voice notes from their phones trying to direct rescuers to their exact location.  Many face freezing to death while tens of thousands are homeless and sleeping in their cars. WHO chief Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has admitted there are still areas that governments and charities have been unable to contact following the quakes. Aid agencies called on people to donate. In Istanbul, thousands of volunteers flocked to the main airport offering to help rescuers. Others rushed to donate blood. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly told the Commons on Tuesday: “As of this morning, we know that three British nationals are missing. “The Foreign Office’s Crisis Response Hub is working to support the at least 35 British nationals who have been directly affected by these earthquakes. We assess that the likelihood of large-scale British casualties remains low.” UK aid charities say reports of the devastation are just the “tip of the iceberg”. James Denselow, of Save the Children UK, said: “Providing shelter is the most urgent type of aid from our perspective because the cold will kill people in ways that are less spectacular than the earthquake but equally deadly.” Last night King Charles sent his and Camilla’s condolences, saying: “I particularly wanted to convey our deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to the families of all those who have lost loved ones. “Our thoughts and special prayers are with everyone affected whether through injury or the destruction of their property, and also with the emergency services and those assisting in the rescue.” 