Nicola Coughlan has taken over the small screen after starring in two of the most popular series in recent years, Netflix’s steamy period drama Bridgerton and Irish comedy hit Derry Girls on Channel 4. With her return as Penelope Featherington expected later this year, Coughlan has already started planning her next projects. Coughlan will star alongside Lydia West in a new comedy with the working title of Big Mood. The series marks her return to Channel 4 following the conclusion of Derry Girls last year after its third season. Originally called Super Close, the series follows two friends whose relationship is tested by mental health problems. An official description reads: “[Big Mood] is a vivacious and rebellious portrayal of female friendship when infiltrated by the complexities of a serious mental illness.” READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue The series is written and created by Porters’ Camilla Whitehill, while Brooklyn Nine director Rebecca Asher is on board to direct all six episodes. Lead actress Coughlan revealed the series was partly inspired by her own friendship with the show’s creator. “We met like a million years ago at drama school in Oxford,” she told Variety. “She was training to be an actor. And then when we left drama school, we were both in various states of not working and everything being a bit c**p.” “And she was like, ‘I’m not gonna be an actor, I want to write.’ I went to see her first short play night and she was just – she’s always been insanely funny. “But then, when I saw it, I was like, ‘Oh, she’s gonna be a famous writer.’ But our 20s were like the struggle bus. “And then the fact now the show is happening… I’ve always wanted to work with her. And then for Lydia to be part of it is the biggest dream.” West and Coughlan first met at last year’s TV BAFTA awards and reunited to tease their upcoming project. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell swears after mind-blowing AGT aerial performance [VIDEO]Elvis Presley’s granddaughter ‘marvellous’ in new Prime Video role [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander fans spot heartbreaking Roger and Brianna twist clues [INSIGHT] “I think it was towards the end of lockdown a couple of years ago,” West added. “I just read it and I was genuinely laughing out loud. It just sounded like some of the conversations I have with some of my mates. “And the topic, mental health and female friendship, it just felt so…” “Very real,” Coughlan chimed in. In her own statement to Variety, Whitehill said: “Getting my own Channel 4 comedy still feels like some kind of long-form prank, ‘Punk’d’ style.” “But on the off-chance, it isn’t, I am beside myself to be making this show with such an incredible team of people, a cast that I’d be jealous of if it wasn’t my cast, and for a channel that’s produced some of my favourite shows of all time.” Coughlan will also soon be reprising her role as Penelope, aka Lady Whistledown, in the third season of Bridgerton. Meanwhile, West landed her breakout with Russell T Davies’ acclaimed 2021 drama It's a Sin, and recently appeared in Inside Man for BBC One alongside David Tennant and Stanley Tucci. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.