Prince Harry is tipped to attend King Charles III’s coronation on May 6, according to the latest odds. Invites for the Coronation ceremony are expected to be sent out this week after officials spent weeks finalising the 2,000-strong guest list. The team at bookies OLBG have revealed that there is now a 69.2 percent chance that Prince Harry will make an appearance at his father's Coronation. OLBG added that the odds currently stand at 4/9, a shift from January when odds suggested that the 38-year-old would be a no-show. Nigel Skinner, a Royal Family betting expert, has said that the odds have changed "following the release of Harry's book 'Spare' in January". Despite the odds being focused on Harry, there is no mention on whether or not his wife Meghan Markle will attend. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan make joint appearance to present Archewell Foundation prize As well as it being the King's Coronation, May 6 also happens to be the Sussexes' son Archie's birthday. Harry previously refused to say whether he would attend the Coronation, which is now just nine weeks away. In an ITV interview, which accompanied the release of Spare in January, he stated that he wanted his father and Prince William to be "willing to sit down and talk about" the allegations that he made about the Royal Family. In the interview, Harry said that "the ball is in their court", adding that, according to him, "the door is always open" for a family reconciliation.  After speculation over whether the couple would actually receive an invite, a Whitehall source revealed to the Express that the couple were on the guest list. They said: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." It was also revealed that officials especially want to reduce the chance of Harry and Prince William being seen in public together. They are organising seating arrangements in Westminster Abbey to avoid the brothers being pictured together. Reports have previously stated that Harry is demanding an apology from his brother and father. Despite this, it appears that King Charles and Prince William are believed to have no intention of apologising to Prince Harry ahead of the Coronation.