Weeds are a nuisance and can make even the neatest of gardens look unkept and messy. Weeds are simply plants that grow in the wrong place, however, they can be extremely difficult to get rid of. Some of the most common weeds, which are unfortunately the most difficult to banish, are perennial weeds. Perennial weeds have deeper roots and often last more than one year. Even if you pull them up, the plant can reappear if even the smallest amount of the taproot remains in the ground. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing weeds from driveways. The cleaning, home and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips on social media. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Bed expert shares how often to wash sheets after Kerry Katona debate On Facebook, social media user Sarwat Adeel posted: “Hi everyone. Can I know how do you clean the driveway and stop plants coming through?” The most popular response was to use salt and vinegar either by themselves or mixed with washing up liquid. Caroline Goodwin said: “Salt and white vinegar.” Mercedes Lugo commented: “Salt and white vinegar will kill its roots.” Louise Ricobi replied: “Salt to kill the weeds.” Chloe Carroll agreed and posted: “Spray vinegar, the highest strength you can find.” DON'T MISSFive ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ [INSIGHT]‘Right height’ to cut lawns to avoid ‘severe stress’ on grass [UPDATE]Clean toasters 'once a week' to avoid 'smoking or burning' [ANALYSIS] Jon Morgan wrote: “Salt will kill the weeds.” Sue Burgess Leader said: “Our neighbours over the road just pour table salt on the weeds.” Irene Egerszegi posted: “One gallon of vinegar, one cup of salt and one tablespoon of dish soap. The weeds will be brown within 24 hours.” Helen Chappell suggested: “The cheapest and most effective weedkiller - get a one-litre spray bottle, add three tablespoons of salt, three tablespoons of washing up liquid and one litre of white vinegar. “Stir together, put it into a spray bottle, and spray on the weeds. Works every time, and so cheap to make.” READ MORE: Nine ‘illegal’ plants which could be in your garden - avoid fines Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Kate Prazsky said: “I had a big weed killer bottle and when it ran out I put vinegar, salt and water in. “I just go out and spray regularly, two or three times a week, catching anything little and green each time. So far so good. It's a pain in the bum, isn't it? Good luck.” White vinegar and salt can be found in most households but for those who don’t have them, they can be found in local supermarkets or online. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50, Stardrops White Vinegar Multi-Purpose Cleaning Spray costs 99p from Asda and Dri-pak Clean & natural White vinegar costs £2 from B&Q. Asda table salt costs 65p, Essential Table Salt costs 70p from Waitrose and Sainsbury's Table Salt Bottle costs 65p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using boiling water, a jet washer or caustic soda. Nancy Oats Rossouw replied: “Pour boiling water on the weeds. They die within a few days and just keep doing it now and again.” Caz Ash said: “A jet wash works lovely. They eventually come back though, you could fill in the cracks with sand or cement to block them coming through once jet washed.” Pat Simpkins commented: “Caustic soda but only if you don’t have animals.” Yvonne Armitag wrote: “Jetwash/pressure washer should bring them up then put some kind of weedkiller down to stop them coming back up.” Rhiannon Williams replied: “Jet wash once a year then weed kill (may need doing twice a year). We have a large drive and it’s a pain.”