The Channel 5 hit series set in Sainte Victoire will see Jean White (played by Sally Lindsay) investigate one last crime. Season two also featured the show's first-ever Christmas special as it continues to grow in popularity. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. In the seventh episode of season two, Jean suspects murder when shop owner Raffy Ozanne (Jassem Mougari) is killed. His brother Raimund (Ewens Abid) is distraught and Jean and Dom (Steve Edge) arrive just as Raffy's body is being taken away. The culprit stole all of the cash from the shop as well as an antique perfume bottle. This episode marks the final mystery for Jean for now as season two comes to an end. READ MORE: The Madame Blanc Mysteries season 2 episode 7 cast explained At this moment in time, the series has not been renewed for a third outing. This does not mean the show has been cancelled, as it should take a few weeks for a decision to be made on the show's future. If the show is renewed, Channel 5 and Acorn TV could see another Christmas special airing at the end of the year. Dom actor Steve said he was already keen to take part in another season in an interview with Whattowatch.com. When asked whether he would like to return he said: "Oh yes! I spoke to Sally yesterday and if there is a series three, we’re all signed up. "Right now, we don’t know and are just waiting… we have such a ball doing it and hope fans are enjoying the ride." With the cast hopeful for a series renewal, it seems there are plenty of ideas in the pipeline. The series is known and loved for its A-list guest stars and he was asked who his dream guests would be. DON'T MISS... Les Dennis pays tribute to Sally Lindsay as he joins Madame Blanc Sally Lindsay left Coronation Street as Shelley Unwin back in 2006 Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas special He said: "We’ve had so many who’ve been dreamy as it is. But I'd like to see some of my mates come in like Harry Peacock. "Or Josh Bolt and Julie Graham, who played my son and wife, Rob and Sheron Dawson, in Benidorm. "The Dawson family are still very tight! Madame Blanc would be perfect for them. "They’re used to hot weather, would love the spirit of everyone mucking in, and they really make me laugh.” Sally Lindsay spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the joys of working on the series. She said: "We had the same team back together, there were a few changes in the crew but essentially it was the same massively international crew. "We all worked as a family. Just being with my friends and working with my friends was the highlight. "I find it very hard blowing my own trumpet, I find it very difficult but I'm really proud of it all."  The Madame Blanc Mysteries is available to watch on My5.