The fifth season of The Crown premiered on Netflix last November and fans saw Elizabeth Debicki portray the role of the adored Princess Diana for the first time. But the actress revealed she was turned down by Netflix after initially auditioning to play another role in the series. Actress Debicki featured on NBC’s hit The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon this week, where she discussed playing her iconic role as Princess Diana in Netflix’s popular show The Crown. Debicki's portrayal of the Princess received mostly positive responses from critics, especially with her astonishing resemblance to Diana. When host Fallon asked her how the role of Diana came about the actress responded “it's a weird story”. The actress went on to recall her first audition at Netflix, which was believed to be for the part of younger Diana, who was played by Emma Corrin. Recalling her first audition for a role in The Crown, the actress explained: “So I went in and I did an audition for this part in season two. "Season one had just come out and it was a really big hit and everyone was rightly so very excited.” She continued: “My agent called me up and said “just go in” and basically I was so physically wrong for this part. I will never tell anyone which one it is." In an attempt to guess what part the actress originally went for, Fallon joked: “Does the character have a perm?” After giggling at Fallon’s probe, the star continued with her story and revealed she went in and did a “pretty bad audition”. Debicki revealed the Netflix casting directors stopped her mid-audition saying “We’ll call you” admitting that was the “brutal” moment she realised she had not been successful.However she received an ambiguous email shortly after her audition that said she was “definitely not that part but maybe Diana”.Diana wouldn’t feature in the show until five years later, when the character was featured in season four.The star opened up about the gruelling wait to find out if she had gotten the part of Princess Diana saying “it was like five years of hell”. According to Debicki producers “always knew” she would play the part in season five. But the actress was nervous about playing the princess after she revealed in the interview that she doesn't see the similarities herself. It has been confirmed that Debicki will return to star in the sixth season of The Crown, where fans will watch Princess Diana’s tragic story unfold in Paris. It comes after the actress opened up on the stress of playing a national treasure.  Debicki, who will also star as Diana in season six of The Crown,appeared on a podcast with Deadline as she lifted the lid on the stresses she faced whilst portraying the national treasure. She spoke about shooting the tense moments leading up to Diana’s death where she explained filming the scenes of the tragedy had a “tremendous effect" on her mental health. The Australian actress also confessed her love for British culture as she longed what it would be like to sit "five-foot away from the pretty amazing Queen Elizabeth I" at a dinner table. The actress then looked back on moments during her career where she was star-struck, one being the time she "didn't wiggle a tendon" when Meryl Streep held on to her hand after a play. All series of The Crown are streaming on Netflix.