Katie Price, 44, took to Instagram to share an insight into her luxurious business class flight to Thailand as she jetted off with her younger children, Bunny and Jett, and fiancé, Carl Woods, 33. However, the former glamour model is said to have avoided a fourth bankruptcy court hearing in regards to a £3.2 million debt repayment. According to reports, Katie was due to appear in court on Thursday, February 9, but the hearing has now been vacated. A source told The Sun that the court "will now wish to know where every penny of her income comes from - whether it be from selling items on Depop or stripping out of her clothes on OnlyFans”. A new hearing was scheduled for April 12, when the media personality is expected to answer questions on how she plans to pay off her creditors. Express.co.uk have contacted Katie's representatives for comment. Last year, Katie was criticised for complaining she "doesn't see" her children amid her "seemingly endless holidays" abroad. Ulrika Jonsson has slammed Katie Price for going on "seemingly endless holidays", after she reportedly complained about not seeing her children. The Swedish TV presenter, 55, took to her column to air her thoughts after model and reality TV star Katie has been claiming she doesn't get to see her two youngest children, Jett and Bunny, who she shares with her ex Kieran Hayler. Back in September, Katie claimed that "recent events" in her life has led to her having "limited access" to two children, which Kieran has strongly denied. Ulrika had waded into the row and firmly told the model she needs to be a "good mum". She wrote: "Price says kids need their mum. No, Katie. Kids don’t need their mum or their dad. They need a good mum and a good dad. "Who knows the truth behind the Price-Hayler story. "But gripes about limited access sound a little strange coming from a mum who heads off on seemingly endless holidays," she wrote in her column in The Sun. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] Katie made the claims in a new programme, Katie Price: Trauma and Me, which is set to air on Channel 4 later this month. The star is seen saying: "The hardest thing I’ve had to deal with in the recent months is having limited access to some of my kids. "Recent events have meant I’m seeing my youngest children less and the relationship between me and their father has broken down. “It’s not good for my mental health and it’s certainly not good for their mental health.” She continued: “They should be having their mum in their life. At the moment I’m stuck in this rut with Jett and Bunny and it is frustrating for me. "You know, seven months, how has it even got to this? It’s heart-breaking and I just wish it wasn’t like this. “All I can do is hope that this won’t be forever," she added. Kieran's representatives have said: "This is categorically untrue."