Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has revealed he told players to believe in themselves at half-time during their 2-1 win over Barcelona on Thursday night. The Red Devils battled their way to a huge win at Old Trafford courtesy of goals from Fred and Antony. Now, fans of the club are daring to dream again. Manchester United fell behind against Barcelona, with Robert Lewandowski converting a penalty following a foul from Bruno Fernandes inside the box. And Ten Hag, speaking at his post-match press conference, has now revealed what he told players at half-time following that goal. "I emphasised the belief," said the 53-year-old, who has worked wonders since his appointment back in the summer. "It was too flat first half. We had our spare man, Casemiro we didn’t use enough. “Aaron Wan-Bissaka had a lot of space on the right side, we didn’t use enough. “I think in the pressing we could be more brave. So that is what we emphasised. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "The second was to make the sub with Antony who brought more speed in the play and who brings belief on the pitch." In a separate interview with BT Sport, the Dutchman also admitted he was delighted with the ay United turned the game around. Fred pulled the Red Devils level, with the Brazil international converting following a pass from Fernandes. And Antony then struck a dramatic late winner to spark wild celebrations around the ground. "Yes, we've had some good wins, Liverpool and Arsenal but I think this over two legs - Barcelona are La Liga leaders - to beat them it's a big win,” he said. "For a European Cup second leg I think it was flat on both sides, no chances. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “One team has to go in the lead, we had big chances with Bruno [Fernandes] at the start of the game. "One part of our game plan is that we can bring Antony and [Alejandro] Garnacho and open the wide areas you can get speed and running in behind and dribbles. “They are both so brave, they don't fear anyone, they just take players on and I think that gives a boost to the whole team." And he also hailed Fred by saying: "What he does really well is make the runs behind in the right moment, he has good timing. “He was really effective to make the runs tonight. "I think we have some great personalities in the team like Rafa [Varane] and [Lisandro] Martinez, they don't fear anyone. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have some players here with great personalities and if and when you get set-backs they move on. They carry on, they are resilient, they want to get a result. “If you believe in that even after you've conceded a cheap penalty, you carry on. “When you win a big game like this after being 1-0 down this is a good indication of the season." Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, meanwhile, Peter Schmeichel compared Ten Hag to Red Devils icon Sir Alex Ferguson. “It has taken 10 years to get to this point, for me this season anything can really happen,” he said. “Manchester United can win everything or nothing but we have seen the progress. “Every situation has been dealt with properly by Erik ten Hag, like a good manager should. “Like vintage Sir Alex Ferguson I am sitting here thinking ‘wow, we have got the right man.’” Next up for United is Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday (4.30pm). The Red Devils will be hoping to win a first trophy since claiming the Europa League under Jose Mourinho in 2017.