Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy could ignore the demand of some fans to leave the club as he weighs up potential investment, according to reports. Levy and Spurs owner Joe Lewis are apparently deciding what kind of offer they should listen to amid reports that they could sell up entirely. Levy and Lewis are apparently considering three options. They could sell the whole club, relinquish a minority stake, or remain in complete control. Spurs are the subject of reported interest from Iranian-American businessman Jahm Najafi, who has been linked with a £3.5billion offer. There is supposedly interest in a minority stake from Paris Saint-Germain’s Qatari owners, Qatar Sports Investments. Should Levy decide to stay at Spurs, he would be ignoring calls from the vast majority of supporters. Chants of “Daniel Levy, get out of our club!” have soundtracked many of the club’s matches since the turn of the year. JUST IN: Tottenham could have sanctioned four deals instead of £40m error But according to the Evening Standard, owners ENIC Group and chairman Levy could decide to maintain their complete control over the club. It is one option apparently being considered in the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium boardroom. Even if Najafi completes a full takeover or a minority investment, Levy could reportedly decide he wants to remain at the club. It would be a decision that could go down badly among the fanbase. Meanwhile, Spurs overcame a horror 4-1 defeat by Leicester last week by beating rivals West Ham on Sunday. Emerson Royal and Son Heung-min scored to secure a 2-0 win. They managed the triumph without head coach Antonio Conte on the sidelines. The Italian continues to recover from gallstone surgery. DON'T MISS...Tottenham's win vs West Ham saw Conte repeat Chelsea ruthless streakTottenham duo fail Conte test in West Ham win through unlikely heroSouness agrees with Jordan that Marcus Rashford is not world class Assistant head coach Cristian Stellini said: “I am very glad to see this type of performance because we need and we deserve to play a game like this. It was an important game in an important moment because with a win we can reach again fourth place. “It is important now to be consistent with this type of performance. We have a week to work again to recover and work to perform well in the next 20 days.” Conte is expected to miss next weekend’s clash with former club Chelsea. But Stellini revealed that the Spurs boss could return to the touchline the week after. He added: “I am not expecting Antonio is back for Chelsea but I expect Antonio will be back the week after Chelsea. For Milan or Wolverhampton. We have also the game in the FA Cup so maybe not Chelsea but we don't know, because if Antonio feels well and he can live some stress without some pain or feel something strange, Antonio will be back.”