Derek Chisora believes Carl Froch ‘would get his a*** dealt with’ by Jake Paul if they ever fight and is willing to bet a staggering £200,000 on the YouTube star. Paul and Froch have been at each other’s throats in recent weeks and appear to be lining up a grudge match after The Problem Child takes on Tommy Fury this weekend. Despite far-exceeding Paul in terms of boxing achievements, having held the WBC, WBA and IBF world super-middleweight titles at a time, Chisora believes Froch won’t be able to stand up to his rival’s youth and self-belief. “Good luck to Jake Paul. The guy believes he can do anything, and when you’re that young age, you believe you can do anything,” he told iFL TV. “He’s entertainment. Those people that talk rubbish about him, they can’t do it, that’s why. There’s nothing wrong with that. “Carl Froch will go in there and get his a**e beaten up and go get your check, bro. He’ll beat Carl Froch. I'm willing to bet £200,000 that Carl Froch would get his a*** dealt with. I'm being 100 per cent serious.” This comes after Paul challenged Froch to face his former foe, Anderson Silva on his upcoming undercard, promising to fight the boxing legend if he beats the ex-UFC middleweight champion. "Carl Froch mad because I made more in one year than he made his whole career. You want the payday. I get it,” Paul tweeted. So, let’s do this, fight Anderson Silva on my next card and if you get lucky and beat him, then we can step in the ring and you make your career payday. Let me know.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury's promoter tells team Usyk to 'shut up' as update given on talks Frank Warren agrees with Tyson Fury about Anthony Joshua Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Wilder as fourth fight bashed Taking exception to those comments, Froch replied: "So, Jake Paul has called me out on his social media. Apparently, he wants to fight me. Just in case you didn't know, my last fight was at Wembley Stadium in front of 80,000 fans. "I won't be fighting the mixed martial arts legend Anderson Silva on your undercard. I've got too much respect for him. And your punch when you boxed him, did that even land? Very dubious. You've got a job to do against Tommy Fury. If by some miracle you manage to beat Tommy Fury, then I'll listen to you. “I'll have a little chat with you and see what garbage comes out of your mouth. See what you've got to say. But until then, don't talk about me in the same league as you. I'm a four-time world champion. Two WBC titles there. You'll never, ever have one of them. “You're not good enough. You're not a professional fighter. You're a performing clown. That's all you are. So keep my name out of your mouth until you've done something in the game. I think this weekend, your world ends. But if it doesn't, and you are stupid enough to take a fight with me, when this right hand lands on your chin, it will put you into f***ing orbit and knock that stupid barnet off the top of your head."