Harrison Ford, 80, has made a name for himself over the years for his "grumpy" image while promoting his Hollywood projects. The actor has previously spoken out on the matter, with fans also speculating that the Indiana Jones actor has a social anxiety disorder, due to his perceived shyness. In 2006, during an appearance on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Harrison was asked directly about his "grumpy" image. He responded abruptly: "That's horse s**t!" Since then, fans have speculated that this perceived shyness and reticence are a result of a social anxiety disorder. Harrison was told about his fans' diagnosis in a new interview with The Hollywood Reporter, as he set the record straight on the claims. READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December He said: "S**t. That sounds like something a psychiatrist would say, not a casual observer. "No. I don’t have a social anxiety disorder. I have an abhorrence of boring situations." Harrison clarified, however, that in his early years as a stage actor, he did experience nerves. He recalled: "I wasn't shy, I was f*****g terrified. My knees would shake so badly, you could see it from the back of the theatre. But that’s not social anxiety. That’s being unfamiliar with the territory. "I was able to talk myself through that and then enjoy the experience of being onstage and telling a story with collaborators." Harrison also revealed in the same interview that his wife Calista Flockhart will not fly in vintage planes with him anymore after his near-fatal accident in 2015. The Indiana Jones star suffered a broken arm and head injuries as he crash-landed into a Santa Monica golf course. He told The Hollywood Reporter: "My wife does not fly with me in vintage aeroplanes anymore — she will in others. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured flame deletes Instagram after his denial [HOLLYWOOD] Scott Alexander dies as America's Got Talent star suffers stroke [DEATH]  "I certainly don’t want to have to recover from that kind of accident again. It was really hard on my family and it was hard on me. "I went back to flying. I know what happened. So that’s part of the reason [I went back]." Harrison first met Calista at the 2002 Golden Globes, where she received a nomination for her leading role in the TV series Ally McBeal. At the time, Harrison was in the middle of divorcing his second wife Melissa Mathison. The couple married in 2010 in an intimate ceremony in New Mexico with Ally's son Liam in attendance. Ally adopted Liam in January 2001, with Harrison also adopting him in 2009, after dating Calista for seven years. He later spoke about how Liam always was part of the duo's relationship. "I think Liam was about 6 or 8 months old when I met him and Calista," he told Parade in January 2010. "We have been together ever since ... I wasn’t expecting it at all. The unexpected part was certainly true. And the joy part is also true."