Joao Felix is reportedly at risk of being left out of Chelsea's Champions League squad for the second half of the season, according to surprise reports in Spain. The Portuguese attacker joined the Blues last month on a straight six-month loan from Atletico Madrid but his Chelsea career could not have got off to a worse start after being shown a straight red card on his debut at Fulham. Felix will see his three-match ban finally lifted this Friday following the conclusion of Chelsea's home clash with Fulham following the 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace and the 0-0 draw at Liverpool. But now Spanish newspaper AS are indicating that Felix is potentially at risk of being excluded from Graham Potter's final Champions League squad. Each team has to register 25 players and can only add three new players to their squad following the January transfer window. That is already proving difficult for Chelsea, who signed a whopping eight players last month during a spending spree that saw them splash over £300million. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez AS say club-record signing Enzo Fernandez and Mykhaylo Mudryk are certain inclusions and the last place is up for grabs amongst a host of Chelsea's new recruits. Malo Gusto can be excluded as he has returned to Lyon on loan for the remainder of the season but Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos and Noni Madueke are all waiting in the wings for opportunities. Badiashile has already been part of Chelsea's past two matches - helping the Blues keep back-to-back clean sheets in the Premier League against Palace and Liverpool. Potter is now going to have to display his ruthless streak as he faces the first of many tough decisions that lie ahead following the excessive January splurge. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezChelsea saw second exit collapse alongside Hakim Ziyech due to Enzo Fernandez transferChelsea signing Enzo Fernandez 'threatened Benfica' despite £89m gentleman's agreement  Chelsea currently have 24 players registered with UEFA for the Champions League after Jorginho signed for Arsenal. The Blues must lock in their final squad at 11pm on Thursday night - meaning Potter still has time to reflect and decide his next move. Hakim Ziyech had also been set to depart Chelsea before his loan switch to Paris Saint-Germain collapsed on deadline day. The Moroccan has been left furious following the failed move as he prepares to rejoin his team-mates at Cobham. Potter now has to try and keep the attacker, who has started the past two Premier League matches for Chelsea, happy to ensure he doesn't cause any disruptions within the squad. New Chelsea signing Datro Fofana came close to joining Nice on loan on transfer deadline day but the move did not materialise. The Ivorian striker is not expected to make Potter's Champions League squad despite making his debut against Manchester City in the FA Cup.