UFC legend Jon Jones makes his long-awaited return to the octagon in less than two weeks, but he is already looking at his options beyond his heavyweight title clash with Ciryl Gane. Jones (26-1) debuts in the heavyweight division against Frenchman Gane in the main event of UFC 285 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on March 4. It will be the 35-year-old’s first fight since a controversial points win over Dominick Reyes for the light heavyweight title more than three years ago. Jones, a two-time light heavyweight champion, is a minor favourite for what promises to be an intriguing match-up for the gold, and if he succeeds on his return he is eyeing a “legacy” fight with UFC icon Stipe Miocic. “Stipe Miocic would be a great challenge,” Jones told TMZ Sports. “Obviously, I’m not looking past Ciryl Gane and I’ve got a huge order ahead of me, but Stipe Miocic is who I‘ve got my eyes on. “People consider him the greatest heavyweight of all time and the opportunity to compete against such a man, I’d be honoured to have the opportunity to beat such a guy. It would truly be something special. “That’s what I want to do. I want to solidify my legacy and I know you’ve got to fight the best guys out there. As long as Stipe is still in the game, that will be my next target.” Miocic, 40, has been out of action for almost two years after losing the heavyweight title in a knockout beat down by Francis Ngannou. The UFC heavyweight division is wide open after Ngannou’s shock departure from the organisation in January. He became the first reigning title holder since BJ Penn in 2004 to leave the promotion. He later revealed to MMA journalist Ariel Helwani that the UFC denied his requests to have his own sponsors, health insurance and a fighter advocate present at all board meetings. As a result, the heavyweight crown has been left vacant and it will be on the line when Jones and Gane lock horns in Las Vegas. Jones added: “I’m grateful to finally be here, just 10 days away now and I feel like a dream is about to come true. It’s a surreal feeling and I feel really grateful. “I’m going for it. A lot of people would have wanted to take a warm-up fight but I’m going for one of the best talents the UFC has ever seen, one of the best moving heavyweights the UFC has ever seen.”