NCIS is celebrating two decades on CBS this year with series 20 currently underway on the American network. While most of the cast has completely changed since the first season, Agent Timothy McGee star Sean Murray is still at the heart of all the action. With the police procedural hitting yet another milestone, the 45-year-old has opened up about what he would do when the show does end. Sean Murray has been playing Agent McGee since almost the very beginning, as he was first introduced in 2003's Sub Rosa, the seventh episode of series one. He was originally brought in as a guest star but when it became clear there was plenty of chemistry between him and the rest of the stars, Murray soon became a permanent fixture. Twenty years on and the rookie has now become the most experienced member of the team, having worked with NCIS for longer than any of his co-stars. The only other actor who has been there from the start is Donald "Ducky" Mallard (David MCallum) who works part-time now as NCIS' historian. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding On Monday, February 27, NCIS aired its 450th episode entitled Unusual Suspects on CBS. The instalment saw Agent Alden Parker's (Gary Cole) dad Roman Parker (Francis McCarthy) temporarily living with his son and assisting with an investigation. The anniversary episode prompted Murray to speak about his time on NCIS over the past 20 years. But he did also address the upsetting idea of NCIS one day ending for good and what he would do next. "When the show eventually ends, I'll want to do something very different, a different type of show and a very different type of character," Murray told EW. "I don't want to jinx anything, and knock on wood, but things have been going well for the show and on the show, and we've just been having fun doing it. "That carpet can always get yanked out from underneath you and you're out there looking for a job, but I'm so happy where I'm at. My head is just in what we're doing right now." Thankfully, there is no sign of the drama slowing down any time soon. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV [HEALTH]Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [REACTION]NCIS' Pauley Perrette sparks frenzy with 'gorgeous' bikini snap [REVEALED] Last week, CBS renewed NCIS for season 21 and its spin-off NCIS Hawaii for a series three. According to Deadline, NCIS tied with Gunsmoke in 2021 when it was renewed for season 20, making it the third longest-running American primetime drama. NCIS is only behind Law and Order and Law and Order SVU which finished its 24th series earlier this month. While it may not be cancelled for quite some time, NCIS fans are going to be disappointed next week. No new episode of NCIS will come out on Monday night in the show's usual time slot. The series is taking a short break from the small screen, most likely part of one of its usual scheduled breaks. Instead, viewers are going to have to wait until Monday, March 13, for episode 16. NCIS is available to watch on CBS.