Thierry Henry and Jamie Carragher raised certain constructive criticisms of Erling Haaland prior to Manchester City's draw with RB Leipzig and the former Premier League stars may well feel their point was proven after the match. The Champions League trophy remains the only piece of silverware missing from Pep Guardiola's cabinet from his time at City.  He's built one of the most impressive sides in European football and made it even better with the signing of Haaland last summer. Clubs all over Europe for battling for the Norway international's signature, but City ended up winning the race for his signature. There were no worries about Haaland needing time to settle into his new environment either as the forward scored 18 league goals in his first 11 games, including hat-tricks against Crystal Palace, Nottingham Forest and Manchester United. He's now sitting on an incredible record 32 goals in 31 games across all competitions. But while his goalscoring record is the envy of teams all over Europe, there have been times when the Norwegian has gone missing. He struggled to make an impact in City's recent defeats to United and Tottenham and cut a frustrated figure in last weekend's 1-1 draw with Forest.  The game against Leipzig was a chance for Haaland to light up the European stage once again. But both Henry and Carragher had some constructive criticism for the striker to take on board ahead of the match. The former Liverpool defender said last week that Haaland had maybe even picked the wrong team in joining City, adding: "It seems a silly thing to say considering how many goals he has scored, but I don't think we are seeing the full repertoire of the strengths of Erling Haaland. "His goalscoring numbers are absolutely fantastic, but I actually think any centre forward playing for this Manchester City team would have great numbers in front of goal." "This is the big problem for me, Erling Haaland drags his centre back out of position, Rico Lewis now on the ball has to play that ball into the space and you actually see the reaction of Erling Haaland and I've seen this numerous times - at times I feel he gets frustrated in this Manchester City team because he doesn't get the ball early enough." Henry appeared to agree with his CBS Sports co-pundit, using Karim Benzema and Harry Kane as examples to follow. The Arsenal icon stated that Haaland appears "uncomfortable" when trying to back up defenders with the ball at his feet.  All those signs were on show from Haaland in City's draw with Leipzig on Wednesday. City's playmakers all appeared to be looking for a way to find a way through to Haaland, but the striker cut an isolated figure all game. He barely troubled Croatia international Josko Gvardiol and didn't take long before showing his frustration. In the latter stages of the match as City pushed for a late winner, Haaland was making runs with the ball not being played over the top for him. Haaland went berserk at one point, aiming his fury at Ilkay Gundogan for not playing a pass over the top. City were missing Kevin De Bruyne, who has been the main provider for Haaland this season. But for Haaland to be effective in every game for City and to take that next step then Henry and Carragher both may be right. Either City have to completely change their style of play and feed into exactly what Haaland wants. Or the striker needs to adapt his game to fit into City's system.