The Chinese balloon which flew across US and Canada had been tracked for more than a week from a base on Hainan Island in southern China, according to intelligence. The balloon began an easterly drift towards Guam - home to US military installations - before turning northwards, possibly due to errant weather, towards Alaska. Several US intelligence officials have confirmed the balloon's path and analysts are now exploring the possibility that Beijing didn't send it over the continental US intentionally, according to reporting by The Washington Post. The officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the balloon changed trajectory, heading thousands of miles from Guam to the Aleutian Islands in Alaska before drifting southwards over Canada and the continental US. The balloon was shot down February 4 over coastal South Carolina and US military recovered debris from the wreckage. Tensions between China and the US have soared following the incident, which may have been, at least partially, cause by a mistake on Beijing's part.  The news comes as the White House said on Tuesday that three UFOs shot down over North America last week may have posed no threat to national security threat. John Kirby, National Security Council’s coordinator for strategic communications, told reporters it was possible the objects were "benign", possibly from a commercial organisation or research venture. In the past, China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) has sent spy balloons over Guam and Hawaii to examine some of the US's pacific military installations. The most recent balloon was launched from Hainan Island off the coast of southern China, according to officials.  READ MORE: Americans are 'losing the sparkle' for Meghan Markle, says expert Satellite imagery appears to show a balloon launching facility on the island which looks similar to other bases for the same purpose on the mainland. Sam Lair, Middlebury Institute of International Studies (MIIS) researcher, told Rolling Stone that a facility - visible on Google Earth - was the most likely launching point for the balloon in Hainan. He said: "We believe this is the best launch site candidate on the island, especially as it has previously hosted aerostats." Whether its course away from Guam was intentional or accidental, intelligence analysts are sure that the purpose of the device was to spy on US military sites.  DON'T MISS:More than half of Democrats don't want 'crazy' Biden to be President [INSIGHT]Putin may have sent UFO over US, exploiting Chinese 'blind spot' [ANALYSIS]Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' [REPORT] They said it was no accident the balloon was spotted near sensitive nuclear sites in Montana, suggesting that even if the balloon was accidentally blown off-course China still decided to use the opportunity to gather intelligence. Beijing said it had "regrets" that its weather device had been blown off course, before describing Washington's response as an overreaction. They then went onto claim the US had flown at least 10 balloons through Chinese airspace in the last year. However, the US quickly denied this. "We are not flying surveillance balloons over China. I’m not aware of any other craft that we’re flying over - into Chinese airspace," said National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said Monday. 