Archaeological investigators made a surprising discovery when they unearthed evidence of an ancient road, homes from the Bronze Age and Roman farmsteads under a new town in Devon. Pottery from 1500 BC was also found.   The exciting discovery has led experts to believe that the area was a “key route” for human communities thousands of years ago. Rob Bourn of Orion Heritage hopes the recent discovery can aid the study of Britain’s ancient history. He said: “Enhancing our understanding of not just Devon, but also Britain's ancient history, the archaeological work at Sherford continues to be fascinating. “We are thrilled to work on these important historic investigations, and hope the findings at Sherford help to encourage everyone to take an interest in local history and secrets under the soil.” READ MORE: Government to announce major change to train ticketing next week  The road runs across the site of Sherford Business Park and is located partly within the Plymouth and South Devon Freeport. It is believed the discovery shows evidence of the road having been a “crucial link” for trade and connecting “ancient communities”, experts from Orion Heritage and AC Archaeology have said. Peter Sadler of the Sherford Consortium, said the road discovery showed the area to be a “key route for travel and trade between local families and communities thousands of years ago”. Experts also added that the crushed slate surface and “visible” drainage points depict ancient construction methods. DON'T MISS Fitbit ready to help police in search for Nicola Bulley [INSIGHT]Emergency services surround British Airways plane at Gatwick Airport [REVEAL]Key Nicola Bulley witness comes forward as police announce new twist [UPDATE]    Other items uncovered include pottery dating back to 1500 BC and roundhouse postholes, circular family homes made of natural materials. Experts say this indicate the area was a "thriving place of activity" in the Bronze Age. The findings, where possible, will be removed, analysed and preserved to be put on public display eventually, the Sherford Consortium said. Last year, the Sherford team discovered remains of a woolly mammoth as well as a host of hugely significant Ice Age animal bones. The bones, including those of a woolly rhinoceros, wolf and hyena, are believed to date to the last Ice Age, about 30,000 to 60,000 years ago.  