King Charles has access to Crown Estate properties such as Buckingham Palace and Clarence House, however, he also has privately owned properties such as Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, which he bought in 1980. In addition, Dumfries House in Scotland was bought by the Prince Foundation, and King Charles also owns the Castle of Mey which was privately bought by the late Queen Mother, who left it to her grandson. Royal commentator Matt Wilkinson tweeted: "The King has opened the doors to Castle of Mey and Dumfries House in Scotland, and Highgrove, Glos., to be 'warm spaces' for local people faced with cost-of-living crisis and loneliness." A royal fan, @mwoodpen tweeted: "Wow. Very considerate and a remarkable gesture. Charles, the Kindly King!" Similarly, @anne39838450 added: "That is a wonderful thing to do he's going to be a brilliant King, he seems very much in touch with so many." The nine-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion is renowned for its beautiful décor and stunning gardens. In 1980, just before then-Prince Charles moved into the property, a photo of one of the living rooms was released. It revealed a floral sofa with matching curtains and several separate armchairs. There was also a wooden chest of drawers and coordinating side tables, as well as multiple floral desk lamps with white shades. At the same time, a photo of the dining room revealed a large table with space for six guests and more floral curtains. There were also two mounted candelabras and two framed photos on the walls. The gardens at Highgrove have been something of a passion project of King Charles' over the years.    Situated among 2,000 acres in Ayrshire, Dumfries House is a grand 18th Century Scottish home boasting impressive gardens and a royal-inspired playpark. King Charles set to work restoring the property in the 2000s. Dumfries House offers the public free entry and parking and is now under the remit of The Prince's Foundation. The house is ornately decorated throughout, and the visit of Ireland's President Michael D Higgin to Dumfries House in 2017 showed plush furniture adorns its 'Yellow Room'. The ceiling of Dumfries' north drawing room is adorned with gold gilding and intricate patterns.  Unlike other royal homes, the estate is not intended as a residence for King Charles and Queen Camilla. Instead, it is used for a range of education and training opportunities, and it is open to the public all year round with "something for everyone" according to its website. King Charles was photographed with the model David Gandy in 2016 and Marks and Spencer CEO Steve Rowe, who worked with the campaign. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Doria Ragland enjoy 'yoga retreat in Goa'   The photo was taken in the Tapestry Room, in the West Pavilion of the home. It looked panelled with cedarwood, which would protect the tapestries hanging on the wall. There is a very high ceiling, as well as 18 skylights and a huge marble fireplace. The grand piano was a donation to Dumfries House by a local secondary school. Another view of the Tapestry Room, taken when King Charles met the Scottish First Minister, revealed two glazed cabinets on either side of the fireplace. They contain platinum-decorated service sets intended for dining. Ant and Dec met King Charles for their unique documentary, "When Ant and Dec Met The Prince" and visited his home Dumfries House. A photo was taken in the Library, which was designed with inspiration from Constantinople. It was lined with rows of books on wooden shelves, and the room also had a large skylight.  The Castle of Mey was the property of the Queen Mother from 1952 until 1996 when she generously gifted it with an endowment to the Trust. It was reportedly bought for less than £100 at the time and was a firm favourite home of the Queen Mother. Today, the home is used as a summer home for King Charles and the Queen Consort. The Castle of Mey is situated in Caithness on the northern coast of Scotland. The Queen Mother used her own funds to bring the castle up to date by adding electricity and freshwater supplies. The library was used as her private sitting room in later life and she was known to watch her favourite British comedies Fawlty Towers and Dad’s Army in there. The Castle of Mey's grounds is now home to the Granary Lodge, a 10-bedroom bed and breakfast. There is also an animal centre and tearoom, and guests are invited to tour the castle and its impressive gardens. 