A heartbroken mum has revealed how her 10-year-old son died in a tragic rope swing accident with his friends. Riain Brennan-Byrne, from Wicklow, Ireland, was visiting Leicestershire for his summer holidays when he died on August 7.  He had been playing in Holly Hayes Wood in Whitwick, near Coalville, where his group of pals began playing with a swing made from a blue cord hanging from the branches of a tree, an inquest heard. Riain became tangled in the rope, and was found hanging by his friends, Leicestershire Live reports. He died in hospital an hour later.  An inquest into the incident heard how 10-year-old Riain, who lived in County Wicklow with his dad Derek, had been visiting his mum Niamh in Whitwick. Despite his friends running immediately for help, he was not able to be saved after becoming tangled in the rope. CPR was performed by a number of people. Paramedics from East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) were also called to the scene and found that Riain had suffered a compression to the neck and was unresponsive. He was taken by ambulance to the Leicester Royal Infirmary but was pronounced dead at 8.06pm. His mother gave a heartbreaking statement after the inquest. Mum Niamh, who attended the hearing along with partner Bryan Jay, paid a moving tribute to her son. She said: “I am here with a broken heart. The loss of my son is nothing I could have prepared for. "He was always my king and was loved by his brothers and step-sister. They miss him so much. He has left a huge void in our lives. He will always be with us and I will always be his mother.” Coroner Ivan Cartwright found Riain had not had any intent to harm himself and cause his own death. He ruled that the youngster had died of a ligature around the neck which had caused a neck compression. Ruling the death an accident, he called it a tragic incident. He said: “These were the kind of swings many of us will have played with as children I am sure. The only conclusion I can find is accidental death. This was a tragic accident. READ MORE: Woman sent indecent images of children on WhatsApp but is spared jail [REVEAL]