 The Prince and Princess of Wales have made a personal donation for the devastating earthquake in Turkey. The couple expressed their sympathies for the thousands of victims killed after a powerful earthquake rocked south-eastern Turkey, near Syria's border.   The royal couple went on to announce their support for Disasters Emergency Committee’s (DEC) campaign to aid the rescue operations in the areas affected. The Duke and Duchess took to Twitter and shared their collaboration with DEC, which is an umbrella group of UK charities that coordinates and launches collective appeals to raise funds to provide emergency aid. They wrote to their 2.7million followers: “We have been horrified to see the harrowing images coming out of Turkey and Syria in the aftermath of the earthquakes this week. "Our thoughts are with the communities affected and we are pleased to support the @decappeal campaign which will aid the response on the ground. W & C” READ MORE: The Government must cancel this tax rise, says JACOB REES-MOGG  The charity has appealed to the public for donations in order to supply the affected areas with urgent supplies.  They wrote on Twitter: “Medical care, emergency shelter, winter kits, food, clean water, sanitation and hygiene are the most urgent needs for people in Turkey (Türkiye) and Syria right now.  “DEC member charities are on the ground now.  “If you can, please donate: http://dec.org.uk” DON'T MISSFears key evidence in Nicola Bulley case 'contaminated or destroyed' [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley river theory row deepens as police hit back at expert [REVEAL]Queen Camilla given adorable note requesting Charlotte playdate [UPDATE]  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced that the death toll in Turkey has risen to a total of 17,134. He added that at least 63,000 have been injured. Meanwhile, 3,314 people have been confirmed dead in Syria, bringing the combined death toll to 20,451. At least 6,400 buildings were destroyed in Turkey, President Erdogan revealed. The first earthquake struck early on Monday morning, but around 12 hours later the nation was rocked with a second powerful quake further north. The US Geological Survey said the 7.8 magnitude quake struck at 4:17am local time (1:17am GMT) at a depth of 17.9km (11 miles) near the city of Gaziantep.  