Better is a five-part thriller that will debut on BBC One on Monday, February 13, at 9pm. It has been teased that the drama is going to explore "the complex and powerful bonds of loyalty and family", airing weekly with all episodes also on BBC iPlayer as a box set. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Better. Almost two decades prior, DCI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) struck up a deal with Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan) to benefit both of their lives, despite him living a life of crime. But after her family "is brought to the brink of a tragedy", she needs to correct the wrongs she has done to have a thriving career, by taking down Col. Actress Leila Farzad featured as Naomi Jones in the Sky Atlantic series I Hate Suzie with Billie Piper which won her a nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 2021 BAFTA awards. She has also been in Avenue 5, The Fear Index, Innocent and Landscapers. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star On the flip side of the coin is Col who started off as a low-ranking but ambitious newcomer in the Leeds criminal underworld. It was with Lou's help though that he was able to transform his life and become very rich and powerful. Actor Andrew Buchan was Mark Latimer in ITV's Broadchurch, John Mercer in The Fixer, Scott Foster in Party Animals and Andrew Parker Bowles in The Crown. Most recently, Buchan was behind Chris Edwards in the political drama Cobra. Taking on the role of Lou's husband Ceri in Better is actor Ceri Davies. As she comes to terms with a near death in the family, Ceri is by Lou's side as she realises she must try and do the right thing. Peaky Blinders fans will best recognise actor Samuel Edward-Cook as Danny Whizz-Bang. He has also played Walter Storey in the BBC drama Land Girls and DS Steve Beckton in the ITV series Innocent. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [SPOILER]The Gold stars Hugh Bonneville and Dominic Cooper [CAST]Gorka addresses Strictly final drama ahead of Firedance tour [UPDATE] Bent ex-detective Vernon spent his entire career helping out criminals on the side for the right price and avoided prison by doing a deal. When Lou approaches him with her problem, he feels this could be a way of redeeming himself. Actor Anton Lesser has been in Game of Thrones, Wolf Hall, The Crown, Endeavour and Star Wars: Andor. Owen is Lou and Ceri's teenage son who goes through a traumatic experience which changes his "physical self quite dramatically", according to actor Zak Ford-Williams. The event is what pushes Lou to try and be a better person in a bid to fight against her bad karma. Ford-Williams is very new to the entertainment industry, having only been in an episode of Wolfe prior to the drama. Donal McHugh is Col's son who is grieving after losing someone very close to him and has been brought up in his dad's criminal world. Actor Ceallach Spellman was Matthew Williams in the ITV revival of Cold Feet and Harry Fisher in Waterloo Road back in 2010. Other cast members include: DC Esther Okoye - Olivia Nakintu Joleon - Joseph Steyne DC Niall Ibbotson - Anthony Lewis DS Pritam Khan - Junade Khan Better starts on Monday, February 13, at 9pm on BBC One.