A baby-faced drug dealer was caught red-handed by the police selling heroin and cocaine on a residential street. Undercover officers snagged 27-year-old Nathan Smith, who had been causing "utter misery" on people's lives. A court heard his drug dealing often led to crimes such as burglary and robbery being committed in residential parts of Hull. Smith pleaded with officers: "Come on, mate. I am just paying my way. It's a few bits." But he was arrested and charged with possessing heroin and cocaine with intent to supply, and on Friday Smith was jailed for 18 months. The £44 cash seized will be forfeited and given to the St Paul's boxing charity in Hull. Sentencing at Hull Crown Court, Judge Kate Rayfield said: "When you involve yourself in supplying those drugs to those people, you help spread that misery." Plain-clothed police spotted Smith handing over drugs to another man on April 6, 2021, Hull Live reports. Julia Baggs, prosecuting, said the defendant also put something out of his mouth and handed it to a man in a group moments after he was spotted by police. Smith went into some flats and the police called in help. The drug dealer left the flats and was stopped by the police, handcuffed and searched in west Hull. His home in north Hull was also searched and digital scales, phones and drugs were found. They included six wraps of heroin and eight wraps of cocaine. There was also the £44 in cash. Ben Hammersley, defending, said Smith had no previous convictions. "He was funding his own habit, having done so for a couple of months," said Mr Hammersley. "He behaved out of character for him. "He recognises the utterly, utterly stupid decision he made, which he bitterly regrets. He wants to leave behind negative influences in his life. He takes complete ownership of his actions. He is not seeking to deflect or to blame anyone else. "He has been clean of drugs for almost two years, having gone cold turkey and shown a great deal of willpower. He is glad that he was caught when he was, before it got worse and it gave him the shock of his life." 