The Republican Party will hold its first 2024 debate in August, the Republican National Committee (RNC) has revealed. The debate will take place in the Rust Belt with Milwaukee in Wisconsin selected after the RNC's standing committee on presidential debates held a vote on Thursday.  The Brew City will also host the 2024 Republican National Convention. RNC chair Ronna McDaniel said: "At this time, no other debates have been sanctioned, nor has the final criteria for the first debate been decided. "The Committee will continue its work and will release updates as they become available." McDaniel, who was re-elected as GOP chair in a landslide vote last month, added: "We have a long way to go, but I am confident we will be able to showcase our eventual nominee in a world class fashion." JUST IN: Donald Trump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit UK-US trade deal Wisconsin has been a key swing state over the years, despite leaning-blue in recent cycles. The Badger State helped ex-POTUS Donald Trump pave his way to the White House in 2016, with the property-tycoon-turned-politician beating Hillary Clinton by just over 20,000 votes. However, Trump lost in Wisconsin to Joe Biden by a similar margin in 2020 GOP sources have also suggested that the RNC was considering kicking-off the primary debates with a showdown at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in California. READ MORE: Who is Vivek Ramaswamy? The anti-woke warrior challenging Donald Trump in 2024 Three leading candidates have so far entered the 2024 race, with ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and anti-woke entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy challenging Trump. Other candidates to have declared include Michigan-based businessman Perry Johnson, ex-Cranston Mayor Steve Laffey, Rollan Roberts II and former Montana Secretary of State Corey Stapleton. However, numerous other GOP figures have suggested they could also join the Republican pack. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, ex-Vice President Mike Pence, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, ex-Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson and New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu have all been rumoured to be considering a bid. DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] Three debates took place ahead of 2020 when Trump thrashed his opponents without even taking to the stage. But Trump participated in 11 out of 12 RNC-sanctioned debates for the 2016 cycle, with Cleveland in Ohio kicking off proceedings in August 2015. 