Scotland Yard could pay out millions in damages to PC David Carrick’s victims. Several of the monster police officer’s victims are considering legal action against the Met over its failure to stop Carrick.  He was known as “Bastard Dave” to colleagues and was only put on restricted duties rather than being suspended. Harriet Wistrich, of the Centre for Women’s Justice, has met two of his victims to discuss potential legal action and has spoken to a third. The Met received eight complaints from women about Carrick and failed to take action or spot he was a danger before his arrest in October 2021. In 2009 he passed selection to be given a gun and stood guard outside Parliament and diplomatic sites. He cleared vetting again in 2017. If several women sue, the damages, on top of the legal bill, could stretch to millions of pounds. The Met was forced to apologise and admit Carrick should have been rooted out earlier after it emerged he came to police attention over nine incidents - including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment - between 2000 and 2021, with all but one of the incidents relating to his behaviour towards women. Carrick faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and police chiefs across England and Wales have since been asked to have all officers checked against national police databases by the end of March.  He was finally sacked from the force last month after pleading guilty and being unmasked as one of the country's most prolific sex offenders. Carrick's crimes are set to form part of the independent inquiry looking at the murder of Sarah Everard, who was raped and strangled by then-serving Met officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. The criminal investigation into the serial rapist will stay active even after his sentencing and imprisonment this week amid fears there are more victims. After Carrick admitted to the final charges against him on 16 January, Hertfordshire constabulary appealed for any further victims to come forward. They hope Carrick receiving a long sentence will show any other victims that the criminal justice system – notorious for failing rape victims – has changed and their complaints will be taken seriously. 