Arsenal must speed up contract discussions with Bukayo Saka to avoid their prized asset joining Manchester City. On Friday, Mikel Arteta revealed that the England starlet is ‘happy’ at the Emirates Stadium but the longer talks continue, the more fans will worry that the winger will depart. The Gunners triggered an option to extend Saka’s contract until 2024 several months ago to give themselves more time to resolve his long-term future. Some reports suggest that a deal is in place but fans will want confirmation soon. That is because Saka has been linked with a blockbuster move to Premier League title rivals City. While the 21-year-old might be impressed by the improvements made at Arsenal under Arteta, the lure of almost guaranteed trophies under Pep Guardiola is tempting. It comes at a time when Arsenal are making vast progress on the pitch - with Saka at the forefront of their shock title charge. To give up ground in the summer by losing Saka to Guardiola would mean taking several leaps back after taking a few steps forward. JUST IN: Arsenal have Folarin Balogun problem that will not be easy to solve Arteta insists Saka is ‘happy’ at Arsenal and that talks with the academy graduate - and defender William Saliba - are ongoing. “Part of the plan is to extend the contract of our biggest talents,” the Spaniard said ahead of Arsenal’s clash with Everton. “We are trying to do that. The others will be done whenever we can. I see everybody really happy and willing to continue with the club.” Saka - who has bagged eight goals and seven assists this season - has scarcely talked about his own contractual situation. Instead, he has continued to perform to the highest level, helping to drag Arsenal to the Premier League title. DON'T MISS...Arsenal fans offered Gabriel Jesus injury update as Thomas Partey fitArsenal star Tomiyasu names team-mate who gives him hell in trainingArsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular Asked in August about Arteta being ‘confident’ that he will pen fresh terms, Saka responded: “Yes, I share his confidence.” Pressed if that meant in the near future, the World Cup star replied: “I share that confidence, that is it!” Saka was then asked if he sees Arsenal as a home. He responded: “Yeah, I do. I really feel the love from my team-mates, my coaches and the fans as well. So yeah, I really feel loved here.” Those feelings will provide a boost to Arsenal that they can keep their best player in the long-term. But they cannot afford to drop the ball with Saka and must seal a long-term contract soon. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!