Three teenagers allegedly held a takeaway delivery driver at knifepoint before making off with the food they were carrying, according to police. Officers have arrested two 17-year-old boys, and a 15-year-old boy on suspicion of robbery in connection with the incident, which happened on Wednesday, January 22, at around 8.30pm. Police have also stepped up patrols in the Toxteth area of Liverpool, where the delivery driver was threatened with a knife and then had the takeaway nabbed. The suspects, who are from St Helens in Merseyside, Kirkby in Merseyside and Liverpool, have been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries. But police have reminded residents to remain vigilant, Liverpool Echo reports. Community policing inspector Dave Uren, of Merseyside Police, said: "We have arrested three males on suspicion of robbery and will continue to act on any information we receive about reports of robberies in the area. I'd like to remind everyone who lives in the Toxteth and Picton areas, including students, of the importance of keeping your belongings safe." Police have also stepped up patrols in the Toxteth area of Liverpool, where the delivery driver was threatened with a knife and then had the takeaway nabbed.The suspects, who are from St Helens in Merseyside, Kirkby in Merseyside and Liverpool, have been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries.But police have reminded residents to remain vigilant,  The officer continued: "This includes not having them on show, especially if you are alone and walking around at night. We have increased our patrols in the area to provide more of a visible presence to help communities feel safer. There will be increased activity across the area following the incidents, and officers in uniform and plain clothes will patrol key areas. "We are also speaking to residents to provide reassurance and are acting on any information received. Our proactive patrols will also give people the opportunity to speak to us, share any concerns as well as any information they may have." Toxteth is an inner-city area of Liverpool, approximately three miles from the city centre. 