Sasha Walpole was outed as the woman Prince Harry lost his virginity to after he detailed the encounter in his memoir, "Spare". The so-called "older woman" - as written in Spare - is now using her newfound fame to raise some money for charity. Ms Walpole, from Wiltshire, is auctioning off a Miss Piggy toy that Harry once gave her to help raise money for earthquake victims in Turkey and Syria. The 40-year-old digger driver, who returned to work this week, posted the auction on eBay under the title "Prince Harry’s Miss Piggy - A Colourful Piece Of Royal History". At the time of writing, the current bid for the toy is £1,550.00 with six-and-a-half days to go. The money raised will go to the Disasters Emergency Committee. Describing the item on the auction page, Ms Walpole wrote the toy was "famously given to me by Prince Harry on the night of my 19th birthday in 2001, on which he lost his virginity". JUST IN: Meghan and Harry look to 'upstage' Coronation with major royal update  She continued: "Prince Harry had won the doll that day on a trip to Thorpe Park (a theme park). "Before giving her to me, Prince Harry stuffed her bra with tissue paper 'to give her boobs a boost'. "The gift was accompanied by a card with a joke about a farting whale on the front. The card is NOT included in this auction. "I hope this colourful piece of royal memorabilia will prove a great talking point for whoever wins and will make a contribution to relieving the disaster in Turkey and Syria - a much more important issue than princes and their lovers..."  She later added to the Daily Mail: "The earthquake happened the day after my story came out and I remember thinking how much more important this was than who had or hadn’t slept with a Prince. "I thought auctioning this bit of cheeky royal memorabilia could be my way of helping out. "Miss Piggy had been living quietly up in my attic for 20 years, so hopefully someone can give her a new lease of life that befits her colourful outfit and story." DON'T MISS:Public back Queen Camilla in fury over woke attempts to rewrite Dahl [POLL]China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]If we appease Putin's madness this thing becomes a World War [COMMENT]  Ms Walpole ended up front page news after she confirmed that she was the "older woman" that Harry described losing his virginity to in a field behind a pub in Spare. At 40, Ms Walpole is only two years older than the Duke of Sussex, and one year younger than Harry's wife, Meghan Markle. She has since said that Harry "hasn't contacted me and I don't think he will". However, Ms Walpole claims that she is "relieved" that the truth is out and that she can "get back to my life". The auction for the Miss Piggy toy can be found here. 