Every homeowner wants to own a clean and shiny bathroom with a squeaky clean toilet. However, hard water stains and limescale in the toilet bowl can make your whole bathroom look bad. Besides, limescale does not only make your toilet look dirtier than it is, but it can also clog the flushing jets and pipework. To avoid this happening, a spokesperson from Sanctuary Bathrooms has shared their top tips. While there is a vast array of chemical cleaners on the market able to effectively remove toilet limescale, the expert warned that they “contain strong chemicals that can be bad for your skin, lungs and the planet” and instead recommend exploring the “world of stain removal the natural way”. They said: “Limescale may well wreak havoc in your bathroom but you can say goodbye to these stubborn stains in a flash if you follow our top tips.” When removing limescale from toilets naturally, many opt for the baking soda and whiter vinegar route. However, the expert suggested using a popular carbonated drink. While cola is a tasty beverage for some, it’s mild acidity makes it useful for toilet cleaning. READ MORE: Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item They said: “If you pour a can of fizzy cola over your toilet bowl it can remove hard water marks and limescale.” To use this method, the bathroom specialist instructed: “Simply pour a few glasses into the bowl. Leave the liquid for at least a couple of hours, in this time the acids within the coke will break down the stains.” Once the drink has been left sitting in the toilet for some time, households can give the bowl a scrub with the toilet brush to remove the marks that “will come off easily”. Finish off by flushing the toilet a few times to get rid of the remainder of the drink and the toilet should be “spotless”. DON'T MISSStop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants [EXPERT]‘Most common’ houseplant myths to avoid ‘worse problems’ [COMMENT]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [TIPS] Experts at Victoriaplum.com agreed that cola is effective at removing toilet limescale. They said: “There are a few methods for removing limescale from your toilet and using cola may seem like the most bizarre of them all. Yet, perhaps even more strangely it is also one of the methods that work. “The reason for this is due to the mild acid properties of the drink. If you are a fan of cola you may not like the idea of taking a bottle and pouring it down the toilet, but you may be surprised at how effectively it clears away limescale stains.” Cola can be picked up from all local supermarkets. A two litre bottle retails for 47p at Sainsbury’s and for 60p at Tesco and Asda. The bathroom specialist also shared how to remove limescale from taps. They said that this can be done either with a lemon or some white vinegar. READ MORE: Eliminate ‘caked-on’ brown stains from oven door glass ‘in 2 minutes’ Start by soaking an old cloth in lemon juice or vinegar and wrap it around the item. Make sure all of the metal is in contact with the liquid and simply leave it to soak for up to one hour. Rinse and repeat if necessary, but households should find their tap is “back to its original, sparkling self without much effort”, according to Sanctuary Bathroom’s spokesperson. For extra shine, the expert suggested an unusual approach, which is to rub chrome taps with flour then buff using a soft cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Bathroom experts at Bella Bathrooms agreed. They said: “Flour isn’t just for baking. Dousing taps in flour and rinsing with warm water returns life to the dullest of taps.” Flour can be really useful when trying to keep your stainless steel sink looking as shiny as possible. Simply sprinkle some flour across the whole of the sink and lightly rub it in with a dry, soft cloth. After, rinse the flour away after this and households should be left with a gorgeous shine.