BBC bosses have announced they have cancelled its seasonal Autumnwatch programme and will invest more money into its sister shows. The broadcaster admitted "these are challenging times financially" and "difficult" decisions had to be made.   A statement from the BBC said: "These are challenging times financially and we need to make difficult decisions and focus our resources on content that has the highest impact."Sadly, this means that Autumnwatch will not be continuing."Instead, we are investing more money into Springwatch and Winterwatch, as they are most popular with audiences."We are incredibly proud of the watches and would like to thank the presenters and production team who will continue on Springwatch when it returns in May for three weeks, and Winterwatch when it returns next year for one week, reduced from two weeks."  READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah Pricey fumed: "So any programme where the viewer may actually learn and discover [something] isn't worth showing above all the other s***e it broadcasts?" (sic) @PunksNotDead penned: "#Autumnwatch going? The #watch programmes are the best things on TV. Why not cut back on the #StrictlyComeDancing budget in favour of environmental education?" Jane Hobson added: "@BBCSpringwatch Why on Earth has the #bbc cancelled #autumnwatch? This is utterly stupid!" (sic) Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment on the decision to axe Autumnwatch. Last year's overarching theme for Autumnwatch was The Changing Face of Autumn. Producers put the spotlight on what the season looks like amidst drastic climate change. Chris and the team guided viewers through how British wildlife tries to cope with the UK's hot summers and unpredictable seasons. Wildlife expert Chris told Express.co.uk last November about being part of Autumnwatch, Springwatch and Winterwatch.  DON'T MISS...Chris Packham to take break from TV as he admits he needs 'space' [LATEST]Why ‘BBC politics’ stopped Sir David exploring British wildlife [UPDATE]Michaela Strachan addresses Twitter ban after Chris Packham complained [INSIGHT] The 61-year-old said: "We get good audience responses. They're always very excited that they see things that are new, they're always very excited when they've provided a resource for wildlife, [like] bird food or bird boxes or feeding mammals and so on and so forth. "And in fact, their enthusiasm, the audience's enthusiasm is a great fuel for us on the programme. "You know it means that we're connecting and meeting our mission." Addressing dealing with hard-hitting problems on Autumnwatch, Chris shared: "We just did a thing about bird flu in Autumnwatch which was pretty gruesome really." He said bird flu impacted wildlife populations very negatively last year. Chris continued: "So yeah, we also point out some of the difficulties that wildlife is facing and hopefully that compels people to want to get out and look after it." Autumnwatch episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 