Chelsea star Thiago Silva has slammed the Brazilian media for their criticism of record signing Enzo Fernandez’s performance in the Champions League. The £107million buy was mocked by Brazilian publications for his role in the Blues’ 1-0 defeat by Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. Fernandez has settled in well at Chelsea, performing well in his first two Premier League appearances. However, the World Cup winner underwhelmed against Dortmund. He was too easily dribbled past by Karim Adeyemi before the Dortmund striker rounded Kepa Arrizabalaga to score the game’s only goal. And the Brazilian media revelling in the woes of the Argentina star. TNT Sport’s Brazilian outlet posted: “CALL THE UBER FI! Enzo Fernandez is looking for Adeyemi so far.” JUST IN: Potter refuses to intervene as Mount saga gives Liverpool hope But experienced defender Silva was not going to let the dig slide. The Brazil international was thoroughly unimpressed and left a scathing comment on the post. Silva slated the publication for a ‘lack of respect. He wrote: “Lack of f****** respect huh!!! Be more serious with your work.” Chelsea paid a British-record fee for Fernandez, finally prising the 21-year-old away from Benfica on transfer deadline day. The Portuguese giants had paid River Plate just £10m for the midfielder just six months prior. Despite the astronomical fee, Blues boss Graham Potter conceded it was a ‘gamble’ to sign Fernandez. He was part of an eye-watering £350m January blitz. DON'T MISS...Mason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man UtdFootball news LIVE - £5bn Qatar Man Utd bid, Barcelona 'scandal'Furious Barcelona star serves Chelsea with reminder in Man Utd draw “Every transfer is a gamble,” Potter admitted.”I can understand people saying that, absolutely. It’s like anything: he’s still a young person, he’s still a young man coming to this country. “I've spoken to him. My Spanish isn't great and his English isn't great, so we needed a translator, but we'll get there. “You’ve got to adapt to the club. But we’ll help him with that and his personality is one where you think ‘Oh, I’ve got no worries about him’. But we’ve got a player with a huge personality. He played in the midfield for Argentina that won the World Cup. “He has attributes that can help him play in any league in the world. He has already played well in the Champions League. And he’s a fighter who understands how fortunate he is. He’s got courage, he’s not afraid, he’s open-minded. He wants to play football, he wants to improve.” Fernandez is still yet to be on the winning side in a struggling Chelsea team. The Blues have drawn with Fulham and West Ham in the Premier League with Fernandez at the base of their midfield, and are on a run of just one win in nine games across all competitions.