On Wednesday afternoon, First Lady Jill Biden landed in Namibia as part of a five-day Africa tour to strengthen relations between the United States and African counties. Before she departed Washington, she said: “This whole trip will be exciting, and we have a lot to accomplish.” After flying all night, Jill Biden arrived in Namibia and was greeted by singers, dancers and drummers, who were dressed in a colourful display of red, white blue and bright pink. She then greeted and embraced Namibia’s First Lady, Monica Geingos, before she met with both US and Namibian officials. On social media, Jill Biden posted about her arrival and wrote: “Thank you for your kindness and warm welcome to Namibia, [First Lady Monicica Genigos]. It’s so wonderful to be together again.” Jill Biden and Monicica Genigos met previously in December as part of President Joe Biden’s summit of African leaders in Washington designed to build relations with many African counties. READ MORE: Jill Biden shows 'grace' & 'class' amid White House Valentine's Day After leaving the airport, Jill Biden was driven to Namibia’s capital city Windhoek where she lay a wreath at the country’s official war memorial, Heroes’ Acre. She then met with Namibia‘s leader, President Hage Geingob at the State House The First Lady will be visiting both Namibia and Kenya as part of her tour, and the focus of her visit will be to empower women and young people. She will meet with the first ladies of both counties in order to discuss issues such as gender-based violence and HIV support. While in Namibia, she will also make a speech to young adults in order to highlight the role of young people in democracy. DON'T MISS:Jill Biden looks 'beautiful' in outfit with hidden meaning [REVEAL]Jill Biden and Martha Stewart's unlikely Super Bowl friendship [REPORT]Twitter reacts to moment Jill Biden appeared to kiss Doug Emhoff [INSIGHT] Jill Biden will also look to highlight the current food insecurity plaguing the Horn of Africa while in Kenya, which has been caused by factors such as drought and Russia’s war in Ukraine. President Joe Biden is planning a series of visits to African counties by high-profile US officials this year in order to build good relations and counter the influence of both China and Russia in Africa. South Africa is currently hosting a ten-day naval exercise with both Russia and China, which has caused some concern among Western counties. The partnership will take place over the one-year anniversary of Russia’s war in Ukraine, as the invasion began on February 24 2022. On social media, users have praised Jill Biden for her posts regarding Namibia, where she has posted footage of herself paying respects to Namibia’s war memorial. The First Lady wrote: “In Namibia, I knew I wanted to immediately go to Heroes’ Acre, where the determination and bravery of the heroes and heroines of Namibian independence flows from one generation to the next.” In the comment section on Instagram, the most popular comments praised Jill Biden, as one user named Chris wrote: “Proud of my First Lady!” Somebody else named Marianne said: “You are doing a wonderful job as FLOTUS, thank you” while a user wrote: “Doctor Jill I don’t know if you read this but you are currently killing it.” One other person wrote: “Sweet Dr. Jill - you personify class and compassion. What a fabulous First Lady to represent America around the world."