Manchester United fans have been warned they won't get their club back as they wish if the Glazers complete a sale. Ex-Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan has insisted supporters will be treated as customers even if they don't like it. United fans have protested against the ownership of the Glazers for several years. The Americans are willing to listen to offers for the Old Trafford club and there has been plenty of interest. Jim Ratcliffe is the only party to have publicly stated his plan to bid for the Red Devils. But there is also interest from a Qatari-backed consortium and Twitter CEO Elon Musk. United are set to cost prospective buyers well in excess of £4billion. Jordan has previously given words of warning to United fans who want anyone but the Glazers owning their club. And he has again sent another firm message. He insists the idealistic version of United that supporters crave will not be a reality. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race  Jordan told talkSPORT on Thursday: "Fans won't like this, because you want your football club back, Man United - you ain't going to get it back anytime soon when people come in and buy it for £5bn or £6bn. "That's their football club, you're a customer. If you think you're not, sorry, tragically, you're not going to like it, but you will be." United have seen vast improvement on the pitch this season and are still in contention to win all four competitions they entered. But earlier in the week, Jordan insisted there will be no perfect owners for the club and points to the criticism Liverpool's owners have received in recent years. He said on Tuesday: "The bottom line is, there's no perfect fit. Somewhere along the line, someone is going to do something that other people don't like. DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out  "FSG have fallen foul of Liverpool. I mean, FSG saved Liverpool from bankruptcy. [Tom] Hicks and [George] Gillett ran them right up to the door of RBS going 'bang, that's your lot'. And yet FSG can fall foul of the court of public opinion. "United, the Glazers, oh yes they charge debt. Well, until recently, so were Leicester owners, putting debt on the borrowings that they lent the football club. "They just happened to be the lender, the owner and the lender, but they charged interest on it. The bottom line is there is no perfect ownership. "Now, right now, it's anything but the Glazers. ABG - anything but the Glazers."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here