It cannot be judged unless and until it has first been delivered – it hasn’t. Getting Brexit Done is not just some ideological obsession. It is a pre-requisite for the nation’s prosperity. At about this point, Remainers will be rolling their eyes saying no one actually knew what Brexit was and we have evidently left the institutions of the EU. Indeed, we have left the EU’s Commission, its Council, its Parliament and its court. But this alone does not constitute Brexit. Here is why: When we voted in the 2016 referendum, the ballot asked if wished the United Kingdom to leave the EU. The then Prime Minister, David Cameron, told us if we voted to leave our will would be implemented. He said we would leave the EU’s Single Market and Customs Union. The 2019 Conservative Party manifesto, which delivered Boris Johnson into office with an 80 seat majority, unequivocally states the country would leave the EU as ONE United Kingdom. It also says we will take back control of our laws, our borders, our cash and our fish. NONE of the above promises have been met. First and foremost, the country did not leave as one United Kingdom. There is now a Supreme Court ruling acknowledging, by virtue of the Northern Ireland Protocol (part of the Withdrawal Agreement), British citizens in Northern Ireland are not on the same footing as those in Great Britain. Northern Ireland has been left behind in the EU’s Single Market for goods. It is required to adhere to laws made by the EU, overseen by the EU and adjudicated by the EU. There is a partition down the Irish Sea, separating Great Britain from Northern Ireland. The Acts of Union, the constitutional bedrock of our country, have been broken. This is the biggest act of constitutional self-harm visited on the United Kingdom by any government in history. Second, the United Kingdom is required not to regress from EU laws on competition, state aid, employment and the environment, such as they were on 31 December 2020.  The restrictions mean, amongst many other things, our government may not: buy British first, other than in specific areas of national interest; freely subsidise industries which require state support. Should a future administration wish to nationalise a British business, in the energy sector for a topical example, it would not be at liberty to do so; and ditch our commitment to Net Zero by 2050. Readers may remember Theresa May signing into law this commitment to carbon net neutrality. It was a parting shot at the end of her premiership. The Treasury’s estimate of the cost of this policy is some £1.4 trillion or £50 billion per annum – at a time when national debt is through the roof, energy costs have sky rocketed and we are suffering a cost of living crisis. Well, the TCA requires the UK not to regress from domestic environmental law even where it has a future effect i.e. Net Zero by 2050 (pages 201 and 202 of the TCA). Third, we will never regain full control of our fishing waters under the TCA. The total allowable catch for UK fishers does increase incrementally until 2026 but then those allowances are fixed (pages 893 to 898 of the TCA) and only capable of alteration if there is some scientific or socio-economic reason for doing so. In that event agreement would need to be reached with the EU, or we would face unilateral punitive action (pages 261 to 274 of the TCA). Fourth, under the provisions of the TCA, the United Kingdom has reaffirmed its commitment to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) (page 283 of the TCA). This has been qualified to allow European courts to arrest British citizens in the United Kingdom as long as an EU member state court has issued a warrant for such an arrest. Our own citizens will not be protected by British courts on British soil (pages 312 to 329 of the TCA). None of the above is consistent with any form of Brexit promoted between 2016 and 2019. It is therefore no surprise successive governments since 2019 have not ditched any EU laws.  The only part of the UK economy which has arguably properly Brexited is financial services. It is generally subject to the WA and TCA but there is no specific agreement with the EU for it. It is no surprise therefore it is thriving, even though we were told it would, without a deal, collapse. The truth Remainers and Rejoiners must accept is that Brexit has not failed. We have simply failed to Brexit.