The use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and remote monitoring of patients by staff working from home will help address staffing shortfalls, NHS chiefs believe. Sir Chris Whitty, England's Chief Medical Officer, has been asked to re-examine the impact of robot assistants on reducing the need for new workers. However, there are concerns about how any blueprint will be brought in given an absence of funds and a clear plan, The Times reports. It comes after NHS leaders warned of unprecedented pressure on the service as a result of record demand with staff shortages, long waiting lists and strikes over pay and conditions. That demand has outpaced rising staffing levels in the NHS with a mismatch between the number of posts the NHS says it needs and the number the service is able to fill, which stands at 133,000. NHS plans to outline a pledge to recruit hundreds of thousands of new staff over 15 years, but that most of the shortfall in numbers can be addressed by technology. Robots could automate routine tasks, freeing up doctors' and nurses' time while speech recognition software and AI automated medical record entry could release GPs from having to type up notes between appointments. Next year will see a tripling of the number of virtual beds, which allow patients to be monitored from home, from the 7,000 planned. The NHS plans also expect a national NHS data system to drive efficiencies, including by improved organisation of staff rotas. But there is some scepticism about pledges over how the NHS will address its staffing issues. A medical leader familiar with the contents of the plan told The Times: "It looks more like a strategy full of good ideas than an actual plan. "We have nothing at the moment so anything is better than that but a proper plan would have some money attached, [a] measure of what good looks like and what success requires." READ ABOUT A HOUSE EXPLOSION IN SOUTH SHIELDS News of the report comes after a report from a panel of independent experts found the Government is making inadequate progress on its commitment to digitise the NHS and social care. The panel, which was created by the Health and Social Care Select Committee of MPs, said progress towards improving the digital capabilities of the NHS was too slow and often lacked support and funding. Its report measured the Government's progress against a range of commitments made in a 2022 policy paper, which included boosting use of the official NHS App as a way of allowing people to access more personalised care, as well as manage their health more independently. But across that range of commitments, the expert panel's report said the Government's progress was rated as either requiring improvement or had so far been inadequate. DON'T MISS: Traffic chaos as smart motorway systems crash across UK [REPORT] Nicola Bulley's identity revealed by dental records, inquest told [REVEALED] The sign in your poo that can signal severe fatty liver disease [LATEST] Professor Dame Jane Dacre, chair of the expert panel and professor of medical education at University College London, said: "What is particularly disappointing is that the Government recognises that the digitisation of the NHS is essential to bring about real benefits to patients, for example by helping them to monitor and manage long-term health conditions independently. "Yet time and again, promises have been made but not delivered, hampering wider progress. For example, using data sharing to improve research and planning, which we've rated as inadequate. "However, worryingly, we have seen no clear plan for how the Government will address public and provider concerns regarding sharing personal data, which is crucial to address in order for this to be successful. "We heard about issues with interoperability between systems and providers, making it difficult for all parts of the system to communicate effectively, leading to delays and efficiency losses. "Evidence also highlights challenges in recruiting, retaining and building the specialised digital workforce, yet ministers have delayed a strategy focused on delivering a digital workforce. "The aspirations to transform the NHS, supported by the right digital foundations, are to be applauded, however our report finds evidence mainly of opportunities missed." The panel said the Government's work required improvement in the rollout of the NHS App, the use of patient data for research and planning and its work around the purchasing of digital technologies. Age UK recently called for renewed efforts to support older people with health problems to stay well at home. The charity described the health and care system for older people as "clunky and under-resourced", especially when it comes to community and social care. Better care and support "delivered proactively" in the community before an older person's health deteriorates can avoid the need to go to hospital and therefore help alleviate pressures on the NHS, Age UK said. The charity's latest report applies to England and is a new analysis of existing data. Age UK said more than two thirds of people over 85 live with multiple conditions - and 35 percent of older people live with some form of frailty. It has previously been estimated more than 1.6 million older people have some level of care and support need, such as help to get dressed or washed.  Age UK said the latest NHS Digital data has shown that avoidable hospital admissions for conditions which should be managed in the community, such as diabetes and high blood pressure, have risen for older people in the five years up to 2019/20 ", particularly for the oldest old" who are 90 and over. The charity added that the latest data from NHS England for the 2021/2022 financial year showed almost half (49 percent) of all people arriving in A&E by ambulance are over 65, and a third (35 percent) are over 75. The proportion of older people feeling supported to manage their health condition has fallen by around a fifth in relative terms since 2016/17, they added.