Regardless of who owns Manchester United come the summer, Erik ten Hag and his recruitment staff have already made a new striker their priority. While they landed Wout Weghorst last month, the Red Devils know they require an upgrade to boost their chances of dominating English football again. And the profile of player may change should, as many expect, Qatar end up sealing a takeover of the club. Manchester United opted against signing a new striker back in the summer. With Anthony Martial impressing on the club’s pre-season tour, and the club adamant Cristiano Ronaldo wouldn’t be going anywhere, the Red Devils didn’t feel the need to invest in that department. Instead, United signed the likes of Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez, Tyrell Malacia, Casemiro, Antony and Martin Dubravka. This winter, however, the situation had changed. United saw Ronaldo burn his bridges at the club back in November, with Ten Hag having no choice but to show the 38-year-old the door following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. And they then landed Weghorst, who has temporarily arrived to do a job until the end of the season. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United could soon have new owners and Qatar, it seems, are in pole position to oust the Glazers after 18 controversial years of rule. But whatever happens, a new striker is the club’s priority. The only question is who… Under the Glazers, United have often worked on a strict budget. Barring the summer just gone, the Americans have rarely distributed more funds than they’d like. They made an exception earlier this season, of course. Richard Arnold lobbied them into spending more after the chastening defeats to Brighton and Brentford that increased the doom and gloom mood around the club. But, traditionally, the Glazers have only given the green light to players arriving when it suits them. It’s an open secret, for example, that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wanted Jack Grealish instead of Donny van de Beek back in the summer transfer window of 2020. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Yet the Glazers, feeling Aston Villa’s price tag of around £70million was too steep, intervened to block a deal from taking place. Qatar, however, are promising to give Ten Hag the investment he needs to shape the squad to his liking. So with United potentially primed for transfer backing on a scale like never before, it’ll be fascinating to see who arrives. Should money be no object, it’s possible United will do everything to secure the signature of Tottenham hitman Harry Kane. Kane’s contract in north London will have just a year left to run come the end of the campaign. And with Tottenham still a long way off winning the biggest titles and trophies on offer, the Red Devils may fancy their changes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Daniel Levy has previously priced United out of deals for the likes of Luka Modric and Gareth Bale, among others. But if Ten Hag wants Kane, Qatar may decide to sanction a deal. Landing the poster boy of English football, after all, would be some statement. Another player of interest to United is Victor Osimhen. They actually eyed the Nigeria international earlier in his career, when he was strutting his stuff for Lille, only for Napoli to end up snapping up the forward instead. Osimhen has been impressive this season, netting 18 goals from 19 Serie A appearances to boost his side’s hopes of winning the Scudetto. Napoli are known to be tough negotiators and it would take a fee in the region of £100million for them to consider letting the 24-year-old go. But again, Qatar wouldn’t see that as a problem. Like with Todd Boehly against Chelsea, they’d do everything to help their manager succeed. United are also eyeing a midfielder and a right-back, too, despite the improvement of Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the latter department. Yet it’s a striker Ten Hag and John Murtough have already agreed should be the priority when the window reopens this summer. There’s even been speculation of a move for Kylian Mbappe, who is far from happy with life at PSG these days. And with United primed for a takeover, and sizeable investment at long last, that makes for an exciting prospect.