King Charles will not take to the piste at Klosters in Switzerland this year, it has been claimed. The monarch has regularly taken a few days off for a skiing holiday over the past 45 years either in February or March. However, this year the monarch has decided to skip his beloved trip for a number of key reasons, a source has claimed. They told The Sun: "There are many factors at play, not least it’s a bad look to go skiing during the cost-of-living crisis and the King is not a very ostentatious person. Also it would be disastrous to suffer a skiing accident." The 74-year-old narrowly escaped death on the afternoon of March 10 1988, aged 39, when the group he was skiing with was caught in an avalanche. Major Hugh Lindsay, a close friend of the King and former equerry to Queen Elizabeth II, was killed. Another reason reportedly weighing in Charles's decision to avoid going skiing this winter is that aides want his first trip outside of Britain's borders to be for an official engagement rather than a holiday. Charles is reportedly working on preparations for two state visits, in France and Germany, at the end of March. King Charles used to spend time skiing in Klosters also during his marriage with Princess Diana. In his memoir Spare and in the Netflix docu-series Harry and Meghan, the Duke of Sussex recalled the time he spent in Switzerland with his parents. READ MORE: Royal Family want something in return for apology to Harry and Meghan He also spoke about being asked to pose for pictures with paparazzi and photographers at the beginning of their skiing holidays. The documentary also included a clip showing Diana asking a photographer to leave her family enjoying the break in peace, in a bid to protect her children's privacy. The sovereign acceded to the throne on September 8, following the death of Elizabeth II. His Coronation will take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey, with Camilla, the Queen Consort, set to be crowned next to Charles by the Archbishop of Canterbury. The sacred event will take place on the first day of a weekend filled with celebrations, including a star-studded concert at Windsor Castle. People are being invited to host street parties too to mark with their neighbours this historic event. The last Coronation in the UK took place 70 years ago, in 1953, more than a year after the accession to the throne of Queen Elizabeth II.