In Princess Margaret's biography, Ma'am Darling, author Craig Brown revealed the royal's morning routine, which seemed to be quite different to her sister's. The routine is currently making the rounds on social media, and fans have a lot to say about it. According to the excerpt, the late Princess' routine would begin at 9am, which is when she would wake up. She would then have "breakfast in bed, followed by two hours in bed listening to the radio, reading the newspapers (which she invariably left scattered over the floor) and chain-smoking". After a relaxed two-hour breakfast, she would get up and have a bath. Then, around midday, "an hour in the bath [would be] followed by hair and make-up at her dressing table, [before putting] on some clean clothes - as one would imagine of a princess, she never wore any of her clothes more than once without having them cleaned". READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' Next, at 12.30pm, Margaret would go downstairs for a "vodka pick-me-up". Netflix's The Crown portrayed the royal as a lover of drinks and parties, which seemed to match reality. Finally, at 1pm, the Princess would join "the Queen Mother for a four-course lunch served in an informal manner from silver dishes, with half a bottle of wine per person plus fruit and half a dozen different varieties of native and Continental cheeses". Royal fans took to social media earlier this week to share their thoughts on Margaret's routine.  Ben Parker wrote: "Incredible." Sebastian Milbank commented: "God I wish that was my life." Rita Panahi simply said: "Goals." Twitter user @Generali11 wrote: "Sounds lovely to me." Ruth Blunden commented: "This is the best thing I've ever read." User @woodplumstocks said: "Princess Margaret is my new spirit animal and I’m frantically manifesting for the universe to give me this lifestyle." READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests Helen wrote: "Sounds perfect. That’s how I plan to spend my retirement." However, some royal fans were shocked at such a luxurious lifestyle. Twitter user @CivilShy joked: "The nation should be more grateful for the sacrifices this family makes." User @Frantically2 said: "That vodka pick-me-up is absolutely vital after a morning of lazing around and being waited on hand and foot." James wrote: "The world’s most extravagant benefits scrounger." Jenni Hooper added: "How utterly boring. No wonder she was bad tempered and desperate for excitement." The late Queen Elizabeth was close to her sister and was seen crying at her funeral in February 2002 - a rare occurrence for the former monarch. Princess Margaret passed away on February 9, 2002, aged 71, and Queen Elizabeth shared a statement at the time. Buckingham Palace said: "The Queen, with great sadness, has asked for the following announcement to be made immediately. Her beloved sister, Princess Margaret, died peacefully in her sleep this morning at 6.30am, in The King Edward VII Hospital. Her children, Lord Linley and Lady Sarah Chatto, were at her side. "Princess Margaret suffered a further stroke yesterday afternoon. She developed cardiac problems during the night and was taken from Kensington Palace to The King Edward VII Hospital at 2.30am. Lord Linley and Lady Sarah were with her, and The Queen was kept fully informed throughout the night."