Sir Jim Ratcliffe is willing to pay a ‘big number’ to secure Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Red Devils have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. And the Americans are open to finally leaving after 18 controversial years in power. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling United, even if they stopped short of insisting they wanted a full takeover. And Ratcliffe is currently the only person who has publicly declared an interest in buying the Red Devils. British businessman Martin Broughton knows all about takeovers and Ratcliffe, having missed out on buying Chelsea to Todd Boehly last year. And he feels the INEOS chairman is willing to pay a ‘big number’ to land United and finally oust the Glazers. “Jim wants it. He’s prepared to pay properly for it. My surmise would be he’s willing to come up with a big number,” he told The Independent. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “Personally, I would guess he’d be at the 4-5 billion pounds ($4.8-6 billion) level. “Jim, in the Chelsea case, made it clear at the outset that he wasn’t going to be interested at that price, it was too much. “Wasn’t interested in discussing, joining in with other potential bidders and then made this very late bid.” And he added: “We didn’t see it as just a financial transaction. We saw it more as an opportunity for a greater level of fan involvement. Jim is a fan. “Somebody who is a fan, I think is preferable because they will think about what the fans want.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Qatar are also in the mix to buy United, even if key individuals in the country already occupy the power positions at Paris Saint-Germain. And Broughton believes they’re a serious threat to Ratcliffe and his Red Devils dream, while insisting they may only make the one offer. “They might feel a knockout price (would do it and say) ... We’ll give you 6 billion (pounds; $7.2 billion) as long as you sell it to us now and don’t carry on the auction,” he said. “A take it or leave, something like that could easily settle it.” Broughton was left rueful after missing out on Chelsea. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But he believes that, despite the Blues’ issues this season, Boehly will be a good owner for the west London outfit. “My principle conclusion would be he (Boehly) has shown the commitment that he intends to make a success of it,” he said. “If you compare that to the Glazers, for example, the Glazers have always operated like, ‘How can we make money out of this?’ “He is looking at it as, ‘I want this to be a success. I want people to see that my ownership of Chelsea has been good for the club.’” Interested parties have until Friday to state their intentions with United. But who ends up actually bidding remains to be seen. The Glazers purchased United back in 2005, with the club initially winning five Premier League titles under their regime. Trophies have dried up, though, with the Red Devils securing just three pieces of silverware over the past decade.