With MOT season just around the corner, many drivers will be dreading their annual MOT tests. If the vehicle is well-kept and in a good condition, there is usually nothing to worry about. However, there are some silly items that can result in instant failure and more stress. With that in mind, experts at LeaseCar.uk have reminded drivers to double-check their car’s interior and exterior before letting it go through an MOT. This is because having items such as an air freshener tied around the rear-view mirror could be seen as an obstruction to the driver’s view. The experts said that while it’s an interior addition many motorists opt for, it’s best to get rid of it before the dreaded test. The Highway Code also dictates that a driver is not permitted to use a vehicle if their view of the road is obstructed in any way. READ MORE: Classic car owners may avoid huge ULEZ charges with loophole A spokesman from LeaseCar.uk said: “The time of the year when an MOT is due is one of the most nerve-wracking moments for drivers. “It’s extremely important to carry out unusual checks such as removing an air freshener and checking reversing lights, to make sure everything is in top form. “We wanted to offer these useful tips to help drivers make these checks, which they may not have thought of before sending the car off for inspection.” Other things that drivers should look out for include: Drivers need to check for all the minor details to get their car to pass an MOT and one of them is noticeable cracks on the number plate. DON'T MISS Major pavement parking law changes could see drivers fined £70 [INSIGHT] Motorists warned of huge DVLA driving licence fines for common offence [WARNING] Motorists may choose to be 'selfish' and opt for E5 instead of E10 [REVEAL] One crack covering a letter on the plate can be the break or make between a pass and a fail. Added in 2018, vehicles used from September 2009 must have working reversing lights otherwise it will lead to a failed MOT. Some road users are unaware of this new rule change, so drivers should make sure to test the bulbs. A strong smell of petrol and a cap which won’t seal means it’s likely that the fuel cap is worn out. READ MORE: 'Wholly irresponsible' fuel-saving tip attacked as drivers warned Drivers should check the condition of their fuel cap when filling up the car. Over time it’s common for seat belts to become frayed, but it becomes an extremely dangerous problem once the condition worsens. If they aren’t clicking in or they come out once pulled hard, then a failure is imminent. One of the most unthought-of checks to make before an MOT is checking the amount of screenwash in the car. It’s an easy failure, but there’s also a simple solution to the problem. Motorists should simply purchase a ready-to-use screenwash and fill up the fluid bottle. It’s a legal requirement to have fully functioning licence plate lights, so police, other road users and speed cameras can easily identify a car. Drivers should double-check this issue even before an MOT is due, as it can lead to a fixed penalty fine. 