Big smartphones continue to grow in popularity with some of the best-selling devices now featuring humongous screens. With more room for your movies, emails and web browsing it's not surprising so many consumers are joining the supersized revolution but these mega devices do have one big issue. Massive screens can be tricky to use one-handed and even harder to squeeze into your skinny jeans. Some firms such as Samsung and Oppo have now launched phones that fold in half, which makes them slightly more pocketable, but Motorola reckons it has come up with an even better solution. The firm's new rollable call maker features a smart screen which extends when you need some extra viewing space. That means you can quickly go from holding a phone with a neat 5-inch display to a device that gets a more expansive 6.5-inch screen. The Motorola Rollable is just a concept for now but Express.co.uk has had an exclusive preview and it makes a lot of sense. Get it in your hands and the standard 5-inch screen feels perfect for sending a few texts, checking the local weather reports and making a few calls. However, if you then want to binge on a Netflix boxset or write a long email, a quick tap on the side sees the screen extend giving you a far more immersive experience. When the device spots you're trying to watch a movie it can even expand automatically and then retract once you're done To make all this happen, the clever display actually curves around the bottom of the device meaning users will also see a small part of the screen on the rear case. That's useful for taking selfies via the rear camera and checking out notifications when the device is face-down on your desk. Thanks to this rolling mechanism, Motorola has also got rid of the horrid hole-punched selfie camera with the screen simply dropping slighting to reveal this snapper when you fancy taking a photo of your face. Another bonus is that, unlike the Galaxy Fold, there's no annoying crease in the middle of the display with the Motorola Rollable appearing totally flat. That annoying bump in the panel is something we've been critical of in the past but it's a problem that's been solved by the team at Motorola. The rest of the specs - such as processor and battery life - are being kept under wraps for now and there's no actual word on when, or if, the rollable will actually arrive in phone stores. We also weren't given an idea of price but it's unlikely that the Rollable will be a budget phone. This fully functioning prototype clearly proves Motorola's technology works and could be just what some consumers want - a pocket-sized phone that big enough for a boxset binge.