Gary Neville is fearful that the Glazer family will not follow through with the sale of Manchester United. The former right-back believes that the club increasing their ticket prices suggests that the owners are looking to make more money from the outfit rather than shake hands on a deal. Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and Sir Jim Ratcliffe have both registered their interest in purchasing the Red Devils and are awaiting the green light to enter negotiations with the Raine Groupe – who are handling the deal. Though some are sceptical that a deal will even be reached despite the Glazers’ statements insisting that they are welcoming a takeover if their asking price is met – believed to be in the region of £6billion. Neville is amongst those doubting whether the US family will sell, particularly because ticket prices for next season have been increased. Tweeting about the matter, the Sky Sports pundit said: “The increase to ticket prices at United is very odd. “Why would a seller that’s leaving before the next season introduce something that has brought them more hate and they won’t benefit from? Any new buyer would most likely freeze the price in year one to stay onside with fans. “It does beg the question whether they are really going. I have my doubts with actions like this one." After his comments about how a new owner will conduct themselves were called ‘wishful thinking’, Neville responded: “It’s not! New owners would want fans onside and when they’ve spent £5bn it’s unlikely a few million pounds extra is going to worry them v annoying the fan base and the first step being a good one.” Neville also ‘doubted’ that the ticket price change was requested by the new owners prior to their arrival to avoid the backlash and claimed that it would be a ‘misstep in year 1’ if that was the case. It remains to be seen how the situation pans out at the Theatre of Dreams over the coming months, with a takeover hoping to be reached by the end of the season. Both interested parties are keen to invest in the club and help them return to their ‘glory days’ rather than using the Red Devils as a way to make a profit, though Erik ten Hag is not anticipating a major overhaul at the end of the season – regardless of where his side finish in the Premier League.