Victoria Valentine has revealed how she was thrown into a freezing cold lake in a chilling assault. The BBC star wrote on her Instagram Story yesterday: "Today, a tribute to the most remarkable soul on his birthday," before sharing some throwback photos with her dog Prospero. "The hero, the victim and the villain. Prospero has always lived up to his name," she added. Addressing the attack, she added: "I think of the time he pulled me out of a frozen lake when we were attacked one February morning in London." She continued: "How, another time, he pinned a knife-wielding teenager to the ground to defend my ex-husband." Victoria concluded: "Happy birthday my old friend. Rest, now." She was celebrating Prospero's milestone birthday. The sweet tribute post came after Victoria - who was known as Victoria Fritz - changed her last name when she split from her partner of more than a decade. The TV host married Dan Fritz in 2011, with the pair welcoming two children together, but after they split, Victoria revealed her married surname "no longer fits". Victoria added: "I've discovered my name matters. And so I am changing it." Throughout the post, Valentine spoke about her life and her marriage, which she described as one of those “battles you cannot win”. She said that she had spent 11 years as Fritz, during which she had been mocked with “more than anyone’s fair share of “Heil Hitler” comments and Nazi salutes”. She decided not to go for her maiden name but instead opted to be called by her mother's maiden name of Valentine. She said in a blog post: “The reasons for the breakdown of my marriage are private. And, as I’ve discovered, via the inordinate number of conversations, apps, books, social media feeds, podcasts, seminars, webinars and every other resource I’ve exhausted in an entirely clichéd Millennial bid to grapple with my world dissolving, those reasons no longer define me. “Call me old fashioned, but airing dirty laundry is undignified at the best of times. "Plus, I have two wonderful young children to consider. Protecting their well-being and right to a private life will always be my priorities. "Yet, however private I wish to keep my private life, there is an aspect of it that will always remain as much in public hands as it is in my own. And that is my name.” Victoria is currently a presenter on BBC World News, presenting the show's main news bulletins. She also fronts the broadcaster's live business news programmes, including World Business Report and Worklife. Victoria often appears as a business correspondent on both BBC News and BBC Breakfast. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.