The next round of financial help is worth up to £1,350 in total. This is for those on a low-income, people claiming disability benefits and pensioner households. Eligible benefit claimants could receive a combination of the £150, £300 and £900 payments being issued in 2023/24. The new £900 cash support for over eight million eligible means-tested benefits claimants will be made in three instalments - two this year and one in 2024. Claimants on qualifying benefits including Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Tax Credits will see the first payment for £301 land in their bank accounts automatically this Spring - there’s no need to apply. The DWP explained that the £900 payment will be made up of three slightly different amounts (£301, £300, £299), relating to specific qualifying periods, making it simpler to determine if someone has received the correct payments. It also makes it harder for crooks to scam people. READ MORE: TV licence explained: The 'many options' which could mean you can avoid paying £159 fee  This will be paid to eligible households receiving the following benefits: This payment will be tax-free, will not count towards the benefit cap, and will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. A £150 disability cost of living payment will also be made during Summer 2023. This will be paid to eligible claimants receiving Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Adult Disability Payment, Child Disability Payment, Attendance Allowance, Armed Forces Independence Payment, Constant Attendance Allowance and War Pension Mobility Supplement. READ MORE: British Gas, E.On and OVO customers could get cash grants towards their energy bills This payment will be tax-free and will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. The £300 pensioner payment will be added to annual Winter Fuel Payments during Winter 2023/24. Older people also in receipt of Pension Credit will also qualify for the £900 means-tested cost of living payment and the £150 payment if they are receiving support through one of the listed disability benefits. In total, pensioner households could get an income boost of £1,350 during 2023/24. At the time of the announcement in early January, Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride said: “We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable and these payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes.” The DWP stated: “Further details on eligibility criteria for cost of living payments will be detailed” in legislation due to be introduced to Parliament in early 2023. The response came following a query from Alba MP Neale Hanvey, who asked when the DWP plans to publish the eligibility criteria for the 2023-24 cost of living payments. In a written response, Mims Davies MP, minister for social mobility, Youth and Progression said: “Primary legislation will be introduced early in 2023 as soon as Parliamentary time allows, and further details on eligibility criteria for Cost of Living payments will be detailed in that legislation.”