Chuba Akpom has been a revelation at Middlesbrough this season, helping the club to third in the Championship and giving them a fighting chance of automatic promotion back to the top flight. Though Michael Carrick’s No 29 has admitted that he could have gone down a very different path due to the area he grew up in. Akpom was sighted as one of the brightest talents in the Arsenal academy as a teenager, penning a professional contract with the club under 24 hours after turning 17 in 2012. Despite the high hopes for the forward, he always struggled to meet the mark. Loan spells at several different EFL clubs could not spark the striker into life and he was sold to Greek side PAOK before joining Middlesbrough on a permanent deal worth £4.5million. The move to the Riverside Stadium has helped Akpom get his career back on track aged 27, particularly thanks to Michael Carrick. The striker has scored 17 in 25 league appearances so far this season, truly reversing the fate of Boro. Though Akpom admitted during his time at Arsenal that he had to avoid ‘gang life’ in order to fulfil his aspirations of becoming a footballer, telling the Gunners’ club media in 2013: “I grew up in Canning Town in east London, which is known for not being the nicest of places. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team “I lived there almost 15 or 16 years, before moving to Borehamwood last year. Canning Town is a tough place, there’s a lot of gang crime, but the young people love football. I played in the streets and in ‘the cage’, while the park was two minutes away from my house so I was there every day. I hardly did any homework, I just played football!” Asked if there he was ever close to being coaxed into a more troubled lifestyle, the forward replied: "There are temptations but you just have to stay focused. I chose good friends, they motivated me and all we thought about was football: they really helped me. DON'T MISS Martin Odegaard and Jack Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash Man Utd hatch Mason Greenwood plan involving 'groups from the men's and women's squads' Italy legend Marco Materazzi gave Mario Balotelli ‘a good beating’ under Mourinho's reign  “But I know my life could have gone the wrong way. When people see you starting to do good things, they envy you and don’t like what you’re doing. The best thing is to stay humble and keep working hard. That is what I have done.” Carrick has emerged as one of the brightest managerial talents during a fine season at Boro and he certainly has Akpom to thank for playing a key role in his success. The former Manchester United maestro succeeded Chris Wilder in October whilst they were 21st in the league and has reinvented the side, taking them up to third in the table and just seven points outside of the automatic promotion places.