Jake Paul has been advised by MMA icon Chael Sonnen to ‘cut’ Tommy Fury after he no-showed their launch press conference in Saudi Arabia last night. This is the second time Fury has not attended the kick-off press event after famously being denied entry to the United States ahead of their last scheduled meeting. Fury was also absent for the pair’s head-to-head interview during their first media day at the Anthony Yarde vs Artur Beterbiev show in London. And Sonnen believes Paul’s promotional outfit Most Valuable Promotions are losing control of the situation. He recommends they make an example out of Fury’s behaviour by axing him outright and replacing him with backup opponent Mike Perry instead. “Ariel they’ve got to kick Tommy Fury and they’ve got to cut him now," he told the MMA Hour. "They cannot wait till the last minute, they can’t wait until the weigh-ins, and they can’t let Fury keep calling all the shots. What he did to them in Madison Square Gardens is reprehensible but now he gets another $2million and gets to go to an even nicer location, it’s really weird. But at some point, they have to take control if they want to be respected. “It’s hard thing that MVPs had and they’ve had a rougher go than anybody has ever had but at some point, they have to make it clear that they’re in charge and today when he missed the press conference for a second time they cut him, you bring in Mike Perry and cut your losses.” Like Sonnen, Paul was not impressed by Fury’s conduct and slammed his ‘unprofessionalism’. "I'm used to his behaviour at this point, he's unprofessional and he's a flake," said Paul. "He's not a serious businessman or a serious fighter and I'm going to prove that. It's why this fight is called, 'The Truth', because the truth is going to come out. He's going to have to pay for all of the times he's pulled out. MORE BOXING NEWS... Ngannou studying Fury fights as ex-UFC star hints he's started camp Paul crew told to cut video before YouTuber rinses Fury for going AWOL Anthony Joshua insider spills beans on classified Derrick James camp "All the business people he screwed over, it's disrespectful. There's some of the biggest names in boxing, the biggest promoters and most influential people in the world. One of the greatest countries in the world and he doesn't want to show up because of a 'private matter'. We all have private matters. "When you sign up to do something, you make a commitment, that's what it should be about. It just shows me he's scared because he said he didn't need to train for this fight. Meanwhile, his first excuse was that he needed to train extra, but now it's a private matter. I love Tyson but it's typical from the dad [John] and Tommy."