A former friend of Meghan Markle's has said Meghan is unlikely to run for office now, a goal he said was one of her "biggest ambitions", because of the revelations her husband made in his autobiography. Nick Ede is a TV presenter who claims to have been friends with the now-Duchess long before she ever met Prince Harry. He asked Meghan to host the London Global Gift Gala at ME Hotel on November 19, 2013, and claims they remained friends after until she began her relationship with the royal. Nick told Express the former actress had always expressed strong political views, and he believes she hoped to run for office. However, he claims that will be much more difficult now for the Duchess. Nick said: "I think what's difficult for Meghan is that she does have a lot of strong political beliefs and I think one of her biggest ambitions is that she'll want to try and run for office. "But I think with Harry and what he's done with the book, that's going to be a little bit harder to do. And I think with the documentary, I think that those things are actually (going to make that more difficult). READ MORE: Meghan underestimated how far down Hollywood 'pecking order' she'd be, former friend says "Although they wanted to tell their own truth, potentially, if you're a political opponent, you would weaponize all that information, especially when it comes to 'truth', in quite a strong way. "So I think, I suspect, she probably won't now run, or she won't do as much as maybe she wanted to do." Prince Harry made a number of revelations that might hurt any bid Meghan might make for office. These include taking recreational drugs, including smoking Cannabis while Meghan and Archie were asleep in the house they borrowed from Tyler Perry in 2020. Meghan Markle reportedly considered a political career early in life after taking an internship as a junior press officer at the American embassy in Buenos Aires. Despite perusing acting, she continued to express her political beliefs. DON'T MISSEugenie following Harry to the US 'will only be a good thing' [EXPERT] Kate is one of the three women American women most want to emulate [ANALYSIS] Meghan asserted her independence with a subtle 'micro aggression' [INSIGHT] During the 2016 presidential election, she was vocal in her disapproval of Donald Trump and publically supported Hillary Clinton. Then, in the 2020 United States presidential election she and Prince Harry released a video urging others to register. The Duchess is a vocal feminist, as has spoken about gender equality at the UN. She has advocated for paid leave for parents and supported the Supreme Court nomination of Katanji Brown Jackson. Meghan also supports Moms Demand Action, an organisation calling for stronger drug laws. She also criticised the Supreme Court Decision to remove abortion as a constitutional right for women. Meghan Markle's presidential run was described as "inevitable" in May last year by the Spectator after Joe Biden's sister Valerie Biden Owens claimed the Democrats would welcome the former actress as a candidate. She said "of course" the Duchess would be a viable candidate for president and added: "It’s wonderful to have women in politics. The more women we have the better our democratic system will work. We welcome her to come in and join the Democratic party." But since the publication of Prince Harry's autobiography, royal expert Kinsey Schofield has said her hopes are "completely destroyed". She said: "I think it's completely destroyed, do the American public want somebody's husband in the White House who openly admits to drug use? Who openly wore a Nazi costume?"