Lady Louise Windsor was baptised at the private chapel in Windsor in April 2004, where she was the last royal baby to wear the original royal christening gown. The Honiton and lace gown dated back to 1841 when it was created for Princess Victoria's christening, the eldest child of Queen Victoria. The choice of Honiton lace for both Queen Victoria's wedding dress and her daughter's christening gown was received well by the public, as Queen Victoria was seen to be supporting local industries in Devon. From this point on, the Honiton christening gown was worn by all royal babies up to 2004, including Queen Elizabeth II. But Lady Louise Windsor would be the last royal baby to wear the gown, as the Queen subsequently had it replaced with a replica outfit. The late Queen Elizabeth II commissioned her personal wardrobe advisor, Angela Kelly, to create a replica of the 1841 royal christening gown, which had become too delicate.  READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  The replica was first worn by Lady Louise's younger brother, James, Viscount Severn, at his baptism in 2008. Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales' three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, have since worn the replica christening gown. The replica gown was also thought to be worn by Archie Harrison for his christening in 2019. The replica royal christening gown was most recently used for the christening of Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's daughter, Sienna, in April 2022.   Like with royal weddings and funerals, royal christenings are steeped in centuries-old traditions. One such tradition is the use of the Lily Font, which has been used for every royal christening since 1841. In addition to commissioning the Honiton christening gown, Queen Victoria and Prince Albert ordered a new baptismal font for their firstborn. The Lily Font is distinctly shaped like an expanded flower and features borders of leaves and water lilies. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  Royal christenings are also usually accompanied by an announcement from the palace about who the royal baby's godparents will be. In the case of Lady Louise Windsor, her godparents were announced as the Queen's niece, Lady Sarah Chatto, Lord Ivar Mountbatten, Lady Alexandra Etherington, Mrs Francesca Schwarzenbach and Mr Rupert Elliott. But not all royals have revealed who their baby's godparents are to the public. This was the case when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's son was christened.   Lady Louise, who was born one month prematurely at Frimley Park Hospital in November 2003, is currently studying English at the University of St Andrews – where her older cousin, Prince William, met his future wife, Kate Middleton. Prince Edward and Sophie chose five godparents for their daughter – the Earl's cousins, Lady Sarah Chatto, Lord Ivor Mountbatten and Lady Alexandra Etherington, as well as the couple's friends, Rupert Elliott and Francesca Schwarzenbach. While Edward and Sophie carry out full-time royal duties, it is expected that Lady Louise and James will forge their own career paths in future. In an interview with The Sunday Times in 2020, Sophie said that she and Edward raised their children with the understanding that they are "very likely to have to work for a living". 