Kylian Mbappe’s latest Instagram post has left fans confused after it referenced both Manchester United and PSG. The Ligue 1 side’s Qatari owners are reportedly interested in buying the Red Devils from the Glazer family with the Frenchman inevitably linked with a move to Old Trafford as a result. Mbappe made his return from injury during PSG’s 1-0 Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich on Tuesday with his presence from the bench helping to get his side back into the game. The 24-year-old almost earned the hosts a draw after finding the net in the 82nd minute, but it was ruled out after a narrow offside in the build-up. Yet it was his Instagram post after the match that got people talking rather than his on-field performance with his caption carrying a strange message once translated into English by the app. It read: “All that remains to be done... Manchester United's team is now on @psg”. Naturally, it attracted the attention of United fans and Marcus Rashford only added to the frenzy by commenting a fire emoji on the post. The bemusing moment comes after the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, was credited with an interest in buying the club through the Qatar Sports Investment Group (QSI). JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle They are already majority shareholders of PSG, leading to questions over whether or not an offer would be possible under UEFA rules. No two teams in the same European competition are allowed to have the same proprietor however chiefs hope to get round the regulations by demonstrating that the two clubs would not be administered the same structure and personnel. The initial indications suggest this is something that European football’s governing body would be willing to accept according to reports from the Daily Mail. As a result the group are expected to make a formal bid of more than £4billion before Friday’s ‘soft deadline’ imposed by the Raine Group with those within the group valuing the Red Devils at no more than £4.5bn.  While Mbappe’s post was strange, his post-match comments suggest that he is fully focused on the task at hand on the pitch. The Frenchman is confident of his side's chances of progression when they travel to Germany to face Bayern in the return leg in three weeks' time. "We have to look at the end of the game, we were disadvantaged but we managed to cause them issues," Mbappe told Canal+. "We're going over there [Munich] to qualify. We worked day and night. Our players have to be in good health for the return leg, everyone needs to eat and sleep well. They're not comfortable when we play attacking football."