Alan Sugar was appointed a Labour peer back in 2009. However, the 75-year-old later fell out with the party over Ed Miliband’s policies and joined the cross benchers. The Apprentice star has now announced he won't go back to Labour, saying "I'm done". The BBC favourite went on to critisise the party, while also ruling out joining another instead. Speaking to this week's Radio Times: "I’m done with all those people, really. "It’s the non-enterprising demeanour about them." READ MORE: Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight The business magnate continued: "I wouldn’t be sucked back into that party – or into any party, to be honest with you." Sugar didn’t vote in the most recent general election "because I can’t vote". "I’m not allowed to," he clarified. Harriet Harman became the leader of the opposition and acting leader of the Labour Party following the resignation of Gordon Brown in May 2010, pending a leadership election. This was won by Miliband, who held the position until 2015. He was followed by Jeremy Corbyn, before Starmer took over following Labour's defeat in the 2019 gerneral election. Sugar took a public swipe at Corbyn last year, while responding to criticism of Boris Johnson on Twitter. He quipped he'd rather have voted for the Kray Twins than Corbyn to become Prime Minister. DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden strips down to lingerie in ageless Valentine's Day shootAnne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley WalshCarol Kirkwood wows in LBD as she reunites with ex co-star Dan Walker  The entrepreneur had asked his 5.2 million followers what it would take to reverse Brexit and return Britain to the European Union. He was questioned that if he felt so strongly about the former, why did he endorse Johnson to be PM. Sugar hit back: "For the smart critics highlighting my support of Boris in the last election citing that as hypocrisy. "The prospects of Corbyn being our Prime Minister I would have supported the Kray brothers also. "The moral of the story is Corbyn had to be stopped..." Meanwhile, Sugar is currently concentrating on finding his next business partner in The Apprentice, as opposed to politics. In episode five of the 17th season tonight, the wannabes are tasked with branding an electric motorbike and creating an advertising campaign around it. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now. The Apprentice airs this evening at 9pm on BBC One.