He’s shorter in stature than even Rishi Sunak but, once he started to talk, it was clear that this was a giant among men. It’s no wonder his people would follow him to hell and back – and arguably already have. He came to Britain this week, his heart bursting with gratitude, humility and respect for what the UK has done – and is still doing – for his beleaguered country. He spoke movingly of how we had been with him from the second the war started. He spoke with enormous warmth about Boris Johnson, who he rightly said had got other countries united behind Ukraine when it seemed impossible. He spoke about being honoured that he had an audience with King Charles and how our King was an air force pilot and that every air force pilot in Ukraine was a king. (I wept then). And all the while he spoke, blood was still being spilled in his beloved Ukraine. And it has to stop, not just for the sake of his country and its people – although that’s reason enough – but for the safety of the rest of the world as well. And the only way that’s ever going to happen is if the West pulls its collective fingers out and gives him the weapons he needs to win against Russia which is currently planning another big assault. This great man was literally begging for fighter planes – “wings for freedom” he called them – not just to force Russians back but to protect Western tanks as well as troops, civilians and what’s left standing in Ukraine. But there’s no point in giving him planes, tanks and weapons in dribs and drabs or when the war is over. He must be given what he needs now to finish the job otherwise the slaughter will drag on for years. Which will increase the danger to us all. Vladimir Putin invaded and tried to destroy a country for no other reason than it wanted democracy and freedom. What’s to stop him doing it elsewhere if he wins this war? Zelensky was in Brussels to also beg the EU for help but, like everyone else, they’re also dragging their heels. (Had it been up to the EU, Zelensky would have had zilch). So far Rishi has promised nothing. Ditto the EU. But they must send aircraft now, even if it’s only out of self-interest. Because even if European governments don’t care about the needless deaths of Ukrainians, it’s their job to protect their own people from the maniacal Putin who, if he wins this war, will feel emboldened to take whatever other country he wants. The fact is, Britain doesn’t have many combat planes – but we can build more. Ukraine can’t. Rishi looked terribly pleased with himself this week as he stood shoulder to shoulder alongside a former comedian who out of necessity has become one of the world’s great leaders. Let’s hope he wasn’t using Zelensky and the slaughter in Ukraine as a good photo op to boost his failing popularity here because we will never forgive him for that. He needs to give Zelensky his “wings” – for all our sakes! #SlavaUkraini In a new Netflix drama depicting that car-crash interview with Prince Andrew and Emily Maitlis, Andrew is being played by Rufus Sewell. Now it needs to be said that Rufus Sewell is a God. He has molten brown eyes, a chiselled jaw and sky-high cheekbones. The man isn’t just hot, he’s super-sexy hot – everything Prince Andrew is not. So even with his dazzling acting skills, how can he convincingly portray the pudgy-faced, potbellied, puffed-up Andrew? Netflix say Sewell’s jaw and cheeks will be padded to make him look more like Andrew. They can pad ’em out as much as they like but Sewell is never going to look as odious as the sweaty Prince. It's no surprise to me that Labour’s most ardent socialists aren’t averse to a taxpayer-funded freebie. This week we discovered that Ed Miliband – he of the TWO kitchens – accepted £350 worth of free tickets and hospitality from the Royal Shakespeare Company for a play at the Barbican. Considering his wife, Dame Justine Thornton, is a High Court judge likely to be on £200,000 a year, and Miliband himself earns £84,000 as an MP and last year pocketed another £79,235 for a second job, I’d say that puts them in the rich category. So why take freebies? Labour hypocrites are forever banging on about the divide between Britain’s richest and poorest and how the poorest must be protected from the nasty rich. Yet here we have ‘Two Kitchens’ Miliband nabbing free tickets and hospitality from a taxpayer-funded organisation. Madonna claimed to be a “victim of ageism, misogyny and sexism” after people this week expressed horror and incredulity at seeing her face at the Grammys. No luv, you’re a victim of your own vanity and your terror of ageing. If we hadn’t been told the woman with the bloated face and the jumbo lips onstage in LA was Madonna, we’d never have known. She’s unrecognisable. And it’s not because she’s 64. It’s because of what she’s done to herself in a vainglorious attempt to stay looking young. And of course she doesn’t look young – she looks desperate, sad and weird. As for those saying if SHE likes what she sees in the mirror then that’s all that’s important. I’m sorry it isn’t. If the singer really likes what she sees in the mirror, there’s a damn sight more wrong with her than a few too many fillers and injectables. Madonna was once a tough, strong, kick-ass trailblazer for women. So why has she capitulated to the belief that women have to stay looking young to be taken seriously? Because that IS ageist and sexist. Huge respect to Kenny Logan who announced this week that, even though he’s now clear of prostate cancer he’s still having problems with his sex life after the invasive surgery. For a celebrity bloke in the sporting world to be as candid about something most men would run a million miles from isn’t just brave, it’s inspirational. Both he and his wife, Gabby Logan, have been totally upfront about their experience and it has given help and hope to those in desperate need of it. Fighting cancer takes courage. As does talking about its often devastating after-effects. Ian Stuart, HSBC’s chief executive, had the brass neck to claim that banks are closing up and down the country – because it’s what customers want. Tosh! It’s absolutely not what customers want, it’s what THEY want because closing banks means they need fewer staff and they don’t have to fork out to buy or rent buildings on costly high streets. Banks are a lifeline for the elderly, many of whom can’t use digital services, and when yet another one closes, it leaves tens of thousands without direct access to their money and to basic banking services which frankly are now non-existent. How dare Ian Stuart pretend banks are doing all this for us. Nothing they do is ever for us. Just this week we learned they’re refusing to pass on higher interest rates. So they use our money to make money, yet don’t cut us in on the profits. Is that for us too? Actress Ruth Wilson is performing in what we’re told is a “ground-breaking” West End show, which sees her breaking up with 100 men in just over 24 hours. Audience members are free to come and go as they like. Luther star Ruth says: “It’ll be a great act of stamina. The men will come on and it’s the first time I will have met them. That’s exciting to me.” For her maybe – not for us. But doesn’t this show how utterly self-indulgent and up themselves some theatre folk and some writers are for trying to pass off this kind of nonsense as “art”. Says Ruth: “It will be a study of human interaction and intimacy.” You keep telling yourself, luv...