Legendary NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers is currently contemplating retirement, and fans around the league will be hoping he keeps playing for at least one more year. He has enjoyed huge success on the field with the Green Bay Packers, but off it he has made headlines for his interest in conspiracy theories, taste for alternative medicines and decision to go on an 'isolation retreat'. Rodgers signed a new three-year £124million ($150M) contract with the Green Bay Packers last year, making him the highest-paid player in North American sports history. However, after a disappointing season that saw the Packers miss out on the playoffs thanks to a final-week defeat, Rodgers is contemplating his future. Trades to other teams - the New York Jets and the Las Vegas Raiders are the frontrunners - and retirement are on the table for the 39-year-old. The Packers are also reportedly ready to move on from him. After 18 years in the NFL, Rodgers took himself away on a four-night 'darkness retreat' recently where he will decide his future in complete darkness and isolation. MUST READ: Super Bowl star Patrick Mahomes has monster net worth due to largest NFL contract ever Rodgers described the retreat as, "a room, it's a little house. They will drop in some food for you but it is isolation and darkness, no music, no nothing. Just myself, isolation. I'm still in the art of contemplation about my future. After my isolation retreat I'll be ready to make a decision." Executives at the Packers are thought to be losing patience with Rodgers, who has played exclusively for the franchise since he was drafted in 2005. DON'T MISS:Inside Kansas City Chiefs' wild Super Bowl parade as 'drunk' Patrick Mahomes downs cansKansas City Chiefs' crazy Super Bowl party as Travis Kelce gets X-rated in celebrationsInside Lewis Hamilton's NFL franchise ownership of three-time Super Bowl winners According to Forbes, Rodger's new deal meant that in 2022 he took home £56m ($68m), making him the fourteenth highest-paid athlete in the world. £47m ($57m) of that came from his salary and winnings, while the remaining £9m ($11m) came from endorsements. The fifth all-time passing touchdown leader in NFL history has sponsorship deals with Adidas, Bose, Block Inc, Panini, State Farm Mutual Auto Insurance and Zenith. In 2018 Rodgers purchased a minority stake in NBA team the Milwaukee Bucks, and in 2019 he launched a £41m ($50m) venture and growth stage fund with Roth Capital. When Rodgers isn't on isolation retreats he has a real estate profile worth around £41m. That includes a stunning beachside Malibu mansion, which he bought with then girlfriend Danica Patrick from Robbie Williams for £23.2m ($28m). It includes four bedrooms, four bathrooms and 4,636 square feet of living space. He also boasts a lavish Del Mar house, a place in his hometown of Chico and a spot 10 minutes drive from the Packers' Lambeau Field. If his housing situation sounds perfect, wait until you've heard about his car collection. Amongst his collection, Rodgers has a one-of-a-kind Maybach Mercedes and has also been spotted with a limited edition Ford F-150 truck, a Chevrolet Camaro Convertible - which he was given after winning the Super Bowl and a custom-made Aston Martin golf cart.  Rodgers has been known to indulge in conspiracy theories. In 2022, former Packers back-up quarterback DeShone Kizer said that Rodgers expressed interest in 9/11 conspiracy theories at one of the first meetings between the pair. During a recent appearance on the Pat McAfee show, Rodgers suggested that the recent shooting down of UFOs by US Armed Forces was a government distraction from some of the "wild sh*t going on right now." Rodgers has always been vocal about his use of alternative medicines, and in November 2022 he revealed that he has sought off-season trips to Peru to consume Ayahuasca. The South American tea is a psychoactive drug that causes altered states of consciousness, including hallucinations and altered perceptions of reality. In 2021 Rodgers revealed he sought alternative treatments instead of taking Covid-19 vaccinations because he is allergic to an ingredient found in mRNA vaccines. He did not disclose what the ingredient is. When Rodgers was placed on the Covid-19 list after testing positive in November 2021, he was fined £12,101 ($14,650) for violating agreed protocols for unvaccinated players. Rodgers has never married or had children, but he has been in a number of high-profile relationships. He was in a relationship with actress Olivia Munn between 2014 and 2017, and former NASCAR driver Danica Patrick between 2018 and 2020. He started dating actress Shailene Woodley in 2020 and the couple got engaged in 2021, but they split last year. In January, TMZ reported that Rodgers was dating 26-year-old model Mallory Edens, daughter of Milwaukee Bucks owner and Aston Villa co-owner, Wes Edens. In December the pair were photographed together at a Bucks game against the Los Angeles Lakers. 