PIP is available for those aged 16 or over who have not reached the state pension age. To qualify, individuals have to have a health condition or disability where they either have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both). Difficulties with daily living can include preparing or eating food, washing, bathing and using the toilet, dressing and undressing, reading and communicating, managing medicines or treatments, making decisions about money, and engaging with other people. PIP takes into account two assessments of a potential recipient’s needs: daily living and mobility, according to the DWP. This means assessors will take into account help a recipient needs with activities such as eating, drinking or preparing food as well as how a person physically moves around or leaves the home. PIP is made up of two parts and whether a person gets one or both of these depends on how severely their condition affects them. READ MORE: Pensioners could qualify for energy bill support worth £775 - what can you claim?  In comparison, the mobility component will be £71.05 a week for the higher rate and £26.95 for the lower rate. There are freebies and discounts which could be available with the support too. However, it should be noted that each situation is different so the help available could vary. This includes: Council tax discounts - People might also be able to get a council tax discount if they claim the living or mobility part of PIP.They should contact their local authority to find out what discount they’re entitled to. Disabled person's railcard - This could give someone up to a third off rail fares - roughly £4.26 per journey or £91 per year depending on how often they get the train. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank is offering savers 5.25% on 'top' account - plus £200 free cash to switch Capped water bills - Some water suppliers offer customers help with their bills if they're on certain benefits through what's known as the WaterSure scheme. This sometimes includes those on disability living allowance or PIP. Free prescriptions - If someone has a disability that entitles them to PIP, they may be able to get free NHS prescriptions too. However, they might not be guaranteed the freebie as it is certain illnesses such as cancer or epilepsy. To get the free prescription people will have to apply for a medical exemption certificate. More information can be found on the NHS website. Lease a vehicle with PIP cash - If someone is awarded the enhanced rate of the mobility component of PIP and have 12 months or more remaining on their current allowance, they may be eligible to join the Motability Scheme.It's simple and affordable – people will have over 2,000 cars to choose from and insurance, tax and servicing are all included. Blue badge - PIP award letter can be used to apply for a blue badge, although some councils can charge for this. Vehicle tax reduction - If someone is receiving the standard rate mobility component of PIP, they can get a 50 percent reduction in vehicle tax. Cost of living payments - Over six million people with disabilities will receive a £150 payment this summer. More information on who is eligible will be made available in upcoming months. Disabled Facilities Grant - People can apply for a Disabled Facilities Grant if they’re disabled and need to make changes to their home to suit their needs. In England, people can get up to £30,000 of support. Benefit boost - People might be eligible for top-ups or what's called a disability premium. Claimants will need to get PIP as well as another benefit to be eligible. More information can be found on the Government website.