A commentator misidentified Ukrainian footballer Ruslan Malinovskyi as Russian on Saturday night and joked that a wayward free-kick by the Marseille star had almost been “sent back to Moscow”. The co-commentator then described the effort as a “sputnik ball”, in reference to the first artificial satellite sent into orbit by the Soviet Union. Malinovskyi was playing for Marseille in a Ligue 1 clash with Clermont Foot broadcast on BeIN Sport. The 29-year-old was lining up a first-half free-kick alongside former Arsenal winger Alexis Sanchez. “Sanchez and Malinovskyi over the free-kick…” the lead commentator begins. As Malinovskyi runs towards the ball, they continue: “It’ll be the Russian… And he’s almost sent that one back to Moscow.” As Malinovskyi thrashed his speculative effort over the bar, the insensitive jokes continued. The co-commentator added: “Oh, that was a Sputnik ball right there!” JUST IN: Man Utd takeover update as 'most likely suitors' receive UEFA backing The comments seemed slightly bizarre given that Malinovskyi is an experienced Ukraine international. He has played 51 times for his country, scoring seven goals, and was born in the Ukrainian city of Zhytomyr. Malinovskyi understandably failed to see the funny side in the clip, which was shared to Twitter by several baffled fans. One fan page for the player tweeted: “Very disappointed in the @beINSPORTS_EN commentary team that called the Clermont - Marseille match. “They called @malinovskyi18 a Russian, saying his missed shot ‘was almost sent back to Moscow’ and also labelling it a Sputnik ball. Unacceptable to spout this nonsense.” Malinovskyi replied to the tweet and called out the commentator in question. He said: “What's up, @PhilSchoen, @beINSPORTSUSA?” DON'T MISS...Man Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp'Jurgen Klopp 'furious' with ex-Liverpool star as 'alarm bells ringing'Premier League explain reason for Chelsea's penalty denial vs West Ham The former Tottenham transfer target did take to social media to joke about his effort, though. He tweeted a picture of a set of rugby posts and wrote: “Two points for me and three points for the team!” Team-mate Sanchez struck a brace for the French side in a 2-0 win over Clermont. The ex-Arsenal and Manchester United star scored in each half in a victory that leaves Marseille second in Ligue 1, and five points behind leaders Paris Saint-Germain. Malinovskyi was linked with Spurs in the summer, with Antonio Conte hopeful of strengthening his attack with an experienced figure. However, the player remained at Atalanta for the first half of the season. He joined Marseille on loan in January and has played six times, scoring once. The first anniversary of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine lands on February 24.