A Maine mother raged at her daughter's school after she discovered a member of staff had allegedly provided the child with a gender-transitioning device without informing her. Amber Lavigne, of Damariscotta, said she confronted her daughter when she found the chest binder but initially was told a friend had given it to her. She now claims a social worker was the source of the device and that her daughter had been encouraged not to inform her. Lavigne contacted officials at Great Salt Bay Community School to learn more about the incident but, after an initial show of support, they allegedly informed her they would not answer her questions nor turn over their records. Speaking of the school board, the woman said: "These people had no desire to work with me as a human being." She also later discovered school staff had taken to referring to her child by male pronouns and a new name. Lavigne told The Washington Times: "I feel like my rights were violated and my daughter’s education was put on the back burner. JUST IN: Canada's Trudeau orders US warplane to shoot down 'unidentified object' in airspace  "I feel like they overstepped and drove a wedge between my child and her family.” The woman's lawyers, Arizona's Goldwater Institute, issued a letter to the school warning their actions "violated Ms Lavigne’s fundamental constitutional right to control and direct the education, upbringing, and healthcare decisions of her daughter, as protected by the Fourteenth Amendment to the US Constitution." However, the school has hit back at Lavigne's claims, referring to her in a recent letter to the community saying that "certain parties are spreading a grossly inaccurate and one-sided story." The institution insisted they could not address her concerns due to confidentiality reasons after having cited the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act when Lavigne first inquired about the binder. READ MORE: Xi's mouthpieces savage 'laughably juvenile' Biden as 3rd unauthorised aircraft shot down The letter added: "Those promoting this false narrative are apparently disturbed by our school’s ongoing and steadfast commitment to providing all students with safe and equal access to educational opportunities without discrimination because of, among other things, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity, as the Maine Human Rights Act requires." Lavigne's lawyer Adam Shelton conceded the child had a right to meet with the school's social worker confidentially but noted that "the social transitioning involved the entire school as a whole, not just the counsellor." Shelton argued the school overstepped their boundaries when it allegedly encouraged the student to proceed with social transitioning without informing the family. He added: "That's the big difference for us when it goes from kind of listing and just hearing to actively doing something in support of it." DON'T MISS: Palace aides have 'firmed up' their views about Meghan bullying claims [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan 'craved rejection' from the Royal Family from the start [EXCLUSIVE]FBI begins search of former Vice President Mike Pence's home [SPOTLIGHT] Lavigne acknowledged her daughter is "having a hard time" with her gender identity but insisted she wants her to make an informed decision about how she wants to identify when she is older. She said: "She’s having a hard time because she thinks that she’s a boy, and I’m not allowing her to make life-altering decisions right now that are irreversible. And I think, for her, that’s just me being an unsupportive mom.” “If she at 18 starts taking testosterone and decides to mutilate her body, am I going to express to her some concerns? Absolutely. “Am I going to write my kiddo off? Never in a million years. This is my baby girl. At the end of the day, I’m not going to destroy my relationship with my child to be right." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews