New research by Furniture at Work revealed the most and least compatible star signs to work with. Some of the organiser signs, that are known for their planning and tidiness, are Virgo, Capricorn, Pisces and Taurus. The signs of "constructive chaos", who are messy "but they make it work", are Sagittarius, Scorpio, Libra and Cancer, while the signs of mayhem are Aries, Gemini, Leo and Aquarius. The star sign is consistent, practical and systematic, which makes it a great coworker to rely on, especially "if you need someone to help you tidy or organise your desk". Works well with: Gemini Less likely to work well with: Sagittarius Capricorns are ambitious and self-reliant, they "don’t always complete tasks without help, but nevertheless, they’ll do what it takes to get things done" making them great co-workers. Works well with: Leo Less likely to work well with: Pisces Finally, Aquarius lives in the moment, with its office desks a mess first thing Monday, and just about picking itself back up come Wednesday. However, they work great and can be amazing partners to Scorpios. Works well with: Scorpio Less likely to work well with: Capricorn READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others Taurus is one of the most down-to-earth and loyal signs, and they are grounded and logical. "Organisation and efficiency run through their veins, and they are always the first on hand if a co-worker needs anything." However, they can also be stubborn, so "everything on their desk has its place and purpose". Works well with: Capricorn Less likely to work well with: Aquarius Sagittarius often struggle with letting go of sentimental items and therefore find themselves "hoarding items for decades". They love freedom and honesty but "due to their spontaneity, they struggle to keep calm in the chaos of a messy workspace". Works well with: Aries Less likely to work well with: Cancer  Those born under the star sign are intense, passionate and independent, and they don't care too much for order and organisation so "their homes and office might look quite messy" making them sometimes difficult co-workers. Works well with: Virgo Less likely to work well with: Leo Libras are creative and passionate but equally well-balanced. "They thrive in making their surroundings aesthetically pleasing, but their creative side might get the better of them and their desk can become an ‘organised mess’," the experts explained. Works well with: Taurus Less likely to work well with: Gemini READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry Cancers enjoy the therapeutic aspect of organising. However they value people over possessions, so "their habitats may be chaotic and disorderly to outsiders", as this sign prefers aesthetics over efficiency. Works well with: Capricorn Less likely to work well with: Scorpio Aries can be quite direct which makes them passionate, motivated and confident leaders. They can sometimes "become easily frustrated with unnecessary details and can find tasks such as organising and tidying a waste of time". Works well with: Libra Less likely to work well with: Taurus The star sign is constantly juggling a social life, hobbies and career so "it’s no surprise that this playful and social sign doesn’t find time for tidying their surroundings". However, they can be great co-workers due to their communication skills and Sagittarius is their best match at work. Works well with: Sagittarius Less likely to work well with: Libra For Leo, order and tidiness is the least important thing. They don’t prioritise tidy surroundings, as they are usually dreaming about their next social event. Works well with: Pisces Less likely to work well with: Aries Pisces' organisational skills are always on point, they are emotionally aware, creative and imaginative, "showing others how it's done when it comes to arranging and tidying". Works well with: Cancer Less likely to work well with: Virgo 