A mother has lifted the lid on a mould issue which has been plaguing her flat for a decade - and is causing her son's skin to become "disfigured." Catherine Odigie, from south London, has said her nine-year-old son Raphael has been forced to sleep in the living room in order to escape a horrific “mould and damp” problem. The 42-year-old claimed the issue has been around since before her boy was born, but is now causing him to suffer from itchy skin along with swollen eyes and lips.   Ms Odigie said she raised the issue with Lambeth council 10 years ago in 2013 as she believes the issue is caused by a leaking water tank in her block. However, the mouldy and damp conditions have remained on the walls and ceiling in the bedroom in the Mursell estate in Stockwell. Ms Odigie has been growing increasingly concerned after her son’s teachers warned her the problem is hindering his education. Pictures show sprawling mould spreading across the kitchen ceiling, with hardly any of it unscathed. She told MyLondon: “All his skin has been disfigured because of the mould and damp problem." The mould and damp nightmare started two years after moving into the flat, she said, while pregnant with Raphael. The problem got so bad in her upstairs bedrooms that Ms Odigie had to sleep downstairs in the living room with her eldest daughter Audrey for most of the pregnancy, she claims. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'outdoorsy' half-term plans with their children But now the situation is affecting her son's quality of life. She added “He is on full medication from the GP because they don’t know what else to do for him. It’s scratch, scratch, scratch. “It’s like sores all over his body and it’s itchy. His eyes and lips are swollen and he has been sleeping downstairs for the last few years." It's the makeshift sleeping arrangements which are hindering her son's education, she said. This is because teachers claim he is always tired - which would impact concentration. “His teacher said he was coming to school tired all the time. He can’t have a good sleep because of the problem and it’s affecting his education," she added. DON'T MISSBeast from the East fears as UK braced for days of snow in fresh chaos [UPDATE]1.9 million prepayment meter vouchers left unredeemed in Britain [REVEAL]Macron humiliated on two fronts by Zelensky and Putin [INSIGHT] Ms Odigie continued by saying that the medication hasn’t helped and the problem remains in the leak within the building. And, previously, she claimed, the council turned up with a mould spray which has had no effect whatsoever. She said: "It was like something you could buy at the supermarket. I couldn’t believe it. I could have done that. The problem is with the building. "The mould is going to come back if you just wipe it and don’t sort out the leak. "My GP said that Lambeth hadn’t even been in touch in December last year, even though I filed a medical assessment about Raphael with them. "Lambeth now has an arbitration scheme for repairs but I don’t trust it. How can we trust Lambeth and their own solicitors? Do people think we are fools or what?" Express.co.uk has reached out to Lambeth Council for a comment.  