The FIA have appeared to back down on their previous stance in banning F1 drivers from making any political statement, with 'exceptional circumstances' being granted. The sport's governing body have come under fire after they announced new rules for the upcoming season which would see drivers handed penalties and sanctions for making political gestures.  Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel are among the F1 drivers to have previously used their platforms at races to highlight social and global issues. But those gestures were put under threat of being silenced ahead of the 2023 season as the FIA amended its rules to forbid any “political, religious and personal statements without prior approval". The rule change led to a huge backlash with Hamilton insisting that he won't be silenced. "Nothing will stop me from speaking on the things I am passionate about," Hamilton explained after the Mercedes 2023 car launch. "The sport has a responsibility to speak out and create awareness on important topics, particularly as we are travelling to different places. So nothing changes." Hamilton's compatriot Lando Norris also hit out at the FIA's new regulations earlier this month and hoped the level of backlash from drivers would lead to a change.  “I think there’s been a good amount of drivers who have come forward and already said their thoughts, and all of them are in line and I guess a little bit against what has been said and the fact that it shouldn’t be not allowed," he said. “But there shouldn’t be a rule on it, I think as drivers we should be able to say what we believe in and say what we think because we’re only ever doing that for what we believe is the right reason." That change has now seemingly been made with the FIA seeming to back down on the original new ruling. Drivers have been told that they can "express their own views" on social media, during interviews with media as well as press conferences in response to a direct question.  But sanctions could still be dished out with rules still restricting drivers from making any political gestures on the track or on the podium with teams being informed of the clarification to the rule via a letter. An FIA Spokesperson said: “A guidance note has been issued to participants that sets out the scope of the updates made to the FIA International Sporting Code in December. "The updates cement the FIA’s longstanding commitment to protecting motor sport’s neutrality, and will particularly ensure neutrality during key moments across all motorsport competitions, such as podiums, national anthems and official activities ‘on the field of play’. "It does not impose any additional restrictions on individuals expressing their views outside of these times." 