The name 'Castro' is synonymous with the authoritarian presence that controlled Cuba for decades. Many have cited his influential work in boosting Cubas's level of education, helping to propel its health services and sciences, a sector which would go on to create its own COVID-19 vaccine. His critics, however, scold the politician's brutal inability to shift from a belief system that crushed free speech and free movement and threw the hopes and dreams of millions of Cubans out the window overnight. February 24, 2008, would end up being the day some Cubans feared: the day Fidel stood down. The moment had been coming for a few years, with age and deteriorating health a constant concern. Continuity was promised in the form of Fidel's younger brother, Raúl Castro, who would take the reins. In a letter confirming his decision, Fidel wrote it was "not my farewell", announcing he would continue writing his thoughts in Cuban publications like Granma, the pro-Communist newspaper, adding his "only wish is to fight as a soldier in the battle of ideas". Tributes from fellow islanders were made, including Fidel's former Cuban Foreign Ministry official Domingo Amachastegui, who said: "Once he became convinced of any of his projects, despite whatever evidence, despite whatever arguments against that project, he stood by his convictions and he would go on and on regardless of everything and everyone." Unsurprisingly, the US' response to the news was ice cold. George W. Bush, then US President, said the move should see Cubans ask what was next for them and their country. "They're the ones who suffered the most under Castro," he said. But after 49 years as leader, were Cubans in line with what most outsiders agreed was an authoritarian regime that stifled its citizens? Dr Helen Yaffe is not convinced. The Senior Economic and Social History Lecturer at the University of Glasgow and author of the 2019 book We Are Cuba!: How a Revolutionary People Have Survived in a Post-Soviet World, noted that while many expected Fidel's announcement to come, it still stunned them when it was officially confirmed. She told Express.co.uk that after falling seriously ill, Fidel had slowly relinquished many of his key responsibilities to his compatriots, not least Raúl, who was primed to take over. JUST IN: Jonestown Massacre - Inside harrowing Cuba trip for new cult members Dr Yaffe said: "It was just the confirmation of what most Cubans had assumed. He had not appeared in public since July 2006, so essentially the transition to a post-Fidel Castro Cuban government had taken place. "I was in Cuba on 1 August 2006, when Cuban national television announced that Fidel was unwell and had passed all his official responsibilities over to five other Cuban leaders, including Raúl. Although the news was not anticipated, the response from Cubans was calm concern. It was not a shock, given his age." Many in the West were waiting for a similar uprising to the one that saw Fidel soar to power in 1959, seizing control from Fulgencio Batista, who served as its "US-backed military dictator" between 1952 and the Cuban Revolution. One did not come. DON'T MISS:On this day: 63 years since Fidel Castro assumed power in Cuba [INSIGHT]Putin sparks US nuke panic as 'military hardware' destine for Cuba [LATEST]Raul Castro to resign as head of Cuba’s Communist Party [ANALYSIS] "There were no celebrations, no protests hoping to seize power or topple the government and no panic," Dr Yaffe remembered. "However, in Miami, a small minority of Cuban-Americans celebrated in the streets and senior US officials made statements about exploiting the situation. "Within Cuba, the military was put on alert and reservists called up for exercises in case the United States, or extremist forces in Miami, might attempt to attack Cuba. "That sounds far-fetched, but remember that this was just three years after the invasion of Iraq and (five years after the invasion of Afghanistan) and the Bush administration had added Cuba to its list of countries in the ‘Axis of Evil’." Just over 18 months before his resignation from public office, Fidel underwent surgery to treat intestinal bleeding, which heralded the beginnings of a shift from his government to his half-brother. Reports confirmed Fidel was recovering well, though Bush, the Republican leader in Washington who himself divided opinion for his decision-making while in the White House, twisted the knife by saying: "One day the good Lord will take Fidel Castro away." This provoked a furious response from Fidel, a known atheist, who replied: "Now I understand why I survived Bush's plans and the plans of other presidents who ordered my assassination: the good Lord protected me." The assassination attempts Fidel alluded to remain part of Cuban folklore, with Dr Yaffe remarking that he had been targeted 683 times, and included his cigars being poisoned with botulinum toxin and also explosives, as well as giving him a tubercle bacilli-infected scuba-diving suit along with a booby-trapped conch placed on the sea bottom. Another plot the CIA, considered was Operation Bounty, which would have seen thousands of leaflets dropped over Cuba, offering citizens thousands of pounds to kill the leader themselves. The final attempt, documents show, came in 2000 when opponents to Fidel examined plans to place 90kg worth of explosives under a podium in Panama where he was due to give a talk. The Cuban's team learned of the scheme just before he arrived. Upon learning of the assassination attempts, Fidel joked that "if surviving assassination attempts were an Olympic event, I would win the gold medal". Yet every attempt to kill him added another layer of anxiety to his life, and alongside "years of guerrilla warfare" at the start of his career, "it was not a bullet but biology that struck him down", Dr Yaffe added. "I think that the Cubans take some pride in this." For Cuban Cuban-born Dr Manuel Barcia, Professor of Global History at the University of Leeds, Fidel's decision 15 years ago today would likely be "quite sad for many, and a relief for a significant part of the people". Speaking to Express.co.uk, he continued: "Fidel had stopped delivering too many benefits to the general population since the early Nineties when he took the country down a State Capitalism path that by the time he stood up, had helped to enrich a few, while widening the poverty gap between the haves and the have not." Just over eight years after his departure from the presidency, Fidel died, aged 90, leaving a nation to mourn for their former leader.