Ronnie O'Sullivan gave himself a nine-and-a-half out of 10 despite being whitewashed 5-0 in the Welsh Open quarter-final by Tian Pengfei. The world No.53 knocked out John Higgins earlier in the tournament and was in unforgiving form disposing of the Rocket in Llandudno.  "He played well and has deserved his wins this week," said O'Sullivan. "He wiped the floor with me today, playing well and deserved his victory." During the tournament the Rocket has suffered with tip problems with his cue, which again impacted him in the quarter-final match. At one point O'Sullivan was seen biting the tip from his cue before falling to the whitewash defeat. He added: "It was what it was, you have to deal with reality and what is thrown at you, I score myself with how I dealt with it mentally a 9.5 out of 10 today. "Play wise I was probably a bit lower, quite low down on potting balls on the technical side. I felt I dealt with it mentally very, very well and I've come out of that feeling okay." The Rocket had suffered cue problems from early in the tournament when his cue tip flew off twice during a win over Ross Muir. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan offers to quit snooker event mid-match but opponent refuses to take win   O'Sullivan came close to giving up his match against Muir after he was forced to leave the arena twice to have his tip re-applied by event director Paul Collier before eventually winning the tie 4-3. "It was unbelievable," said O'Sullivan after win earlier in the tournament. "I don’t know [where] the tip is. I think it is great, but it just keeps falling off. Every time after the second time I played a shot I was just thinking, ‘Is it going to fall off?’ And that is very hard, because you have got no trust." Unbelievably O'Sullivan had more tip problems in his next match 24 hours later against Rod Lawler. DON'T MISS: The world No.1 offered to hand his opponent the victory, despite leading 2-0 at the time. However, Lawler refused and eventually lost the match 4-0. O'Sullivan followed that win with a 4-0 victory over Ben Mertens, but came unstuck against Chinese star Pengfei losing 5-0 in the best of nine frames tie. Four-time Welsh Champion O'Sullivan will have to wait until next year to match Higgins' record haul of five Welsh Open titles. "You have to deal with reality, accept it and move on," concluded O'Sullivan. "I've got a few tournaments to look forward to." 