Over a decade ago, Russell T Davies worked on Doctor Who between the years 2005 and 2010 with David Tennant as the infamous Time Lord. Now, the 59-year-old is returning for the next series of the BBC show and he has hinted there are thrilling scenes viewers can expect to see. Last year, fans said goodbye to the first-ever female doctor as Jodie Whittaker left the role after three seasons.In an epic 90-minute special, which lined up with the BBC’s 100-year anniversary celebrations, Jodie paid homage to all the doctors before her along with some familiar faces making a comeback.Although viewers were sad to say farewell to the much-loved actress, fans were thrilled when it was announced Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa would be taking over the role.Ncuti is joining the BBC cast along with showrunner Russell T Davies who spoke to Lorraine Kelly about the upcoming series. READ MORE:Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy' On Wednesday’s instalment of her ITV show, the host was speaking to Russell alongside Helena Bonham Carter about their new show Nolly.However, she couldn’t help but touch on the approaching Doctor Who series.She said: “I cannot wait for that, that’s going to be so brilliant and you’ve got a fantastic Doctor Who.”Russell replied: “It’s very exciting, we’re shooting now. They’re just shooting stuff together [Ncuti and Millie Gibson]. “I’ve got some scenes that are so exciting, it’s going to be thrilling.”Joining Ncuti in the new series is Millie Gibson, who is best known for playing Coronation Street’s Kelly Neelan.The 18-year-old has been cast in the BBC show as Ruby Sunday and when speaking about the role, the actress revealed she’ll try and fill the boots of the other companions that have been before her.Over the years, viewers have seen stars such as Catherine Tate, Billie Piper, Clara Oswald and Karen Gillan. DON'T MISS... ITV viewers blast GMB's 'ludicrous' gender-neutral God debate [REACTION] Shamima Begum should be 'given chance' to return says old ISIS recruit [VIDEO] Happy Valley star slapped in supermarket by stranger over role [HAPPY VALLEY] Speaking about the role, the actress said: “Whilst still being in total disbelief, I am beyond honoured to be cast as the Doctor’s companion.“It is a gift of a role, and a dream come true, and I will do everything to try and fill the boots the fellow companions have travelled in before me.“And what better way to do that than being by the fabulous Ncuti Gatwa’s side, I just can’t wait to get started.”Although there hasn’t been a confirmed release date for the new series, it's reported to be returning in November 2023 to coincide with the 60th anniversary. Recently, it was revealed that the BBC has signed a deal with Disney+ to distribute the show outside of the UK and Ireland, giving it a higher budget than in the past.Speaking to Radio Times about the new funds, Russell commented: “It's one of the reasons I've come back.“You can tell stories on a bigger scale. It's the same old problems, I still have to cut scenes because they're too expensive, and I still have to reduce the number of monsters, and things like that.“But my imagination feels more free, a lot more free, actually. It's just a joy to write anyway, I'm really proud of it. Oh my god, there are some strong episodes coming up."Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am