The New Amsterdam star is taking on a new challenge alongside Ken Woodruff and novelist Steph Cha, to produce a take on the psychological novel Butterfly. The actor is set to executive produce and star in the series adaptation for Amazon, which has a “meaningful” significance to him after it was revealed the series will be set in his homeland of South Korea. Variety has exclusively revealed that Daniel Kim is working on the production of the Amazon adaptation, which is already in the making.  The new project has been described as a character-driven spy thriller, which will centre on David Jung (Kim), a mysterious and highly unpredictable former US intelligence operative living in South Korea.According to the official longline, viewers will watch the journey of David Jung, as his life is soon blown to pieces when the consequences of an impossible decision from his past come back to haunt him.The spy finds himself being followed by a deadly, sociopathic young agent assigned to kill him called Rebecca. READ MORE: The Late Late Show with James Corden's replacement confirmed According to sources, the series will shoot in South Korea and feature both Korean and English dialogue.American writer Ken Woodruff is co-creating the series alongside Kim with the help of novelist Steph Cha, who will both serve as executive producers on the series.Kim’s production company 3AD will produce the first-look TV deal with Amazon, along with co-founder, John Cheng.Stephen Christy and Ross Richie will executively produce for BOOM! Studios, who originally published the novel, the series will be based on, with Amel executive producing via The Amel Company. The New Amsterdam star has spoken about his excitement to be a part of the upcoming series and to work alongside Ken and Steph. The actor explained: “Ken and Steph have come up with a compelling series with truly unique characters, and having it be an international story set in Korea makes it even more meaningful to me.” He added: “With Stephen Christy, BOOM! Studios and the Amel Company, we’ve assembled a stellar creative team, and 3AD is proud to have this be its inaugural effort with Amazon Studios.” Should the new project be commissioned to go to series, it would be Kim’s first lead role in what would be a multi-season scripted series. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans in meltdown after Lucy Tara's sweet reunion with KateFire Country fans ‘in tears’ after emotional Bode and Jake hugThe White Lotus' Connie Britton addresses season 3 return Although he has previously starred in limited and anthology series, it would also mark his first regular television role in nearly six years after he exited the CBS reboot of Hawaii Five-0.Kim had recurred as Dr Cassian Shin in NBC's New Amsterdam over the past few years but after slow declining ratings, which many believed to be a key reason for the series' ultimate cancellation, the series came to an end in January this year.New Amsterdam was consistently ranking lower than other dramas aired by NBC, though it did manage to keep an average 1.13 rating among the 18-49 demographic,The success of the show at the beginning did lead to creative and executive producer David Schulner, receiving a letter from the World Health Organization praising the show. Fans will also most likely recognise Kim in his roles as Jin-Soo Kwan in ABC’s Lost, he has also starred in other series such as The Andromeda Strain and The Hot Zone.The actor also voiced The Legend of Korra and She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, which debuted in 2018.It has not yet been announced when Kim’s adaptation of Butterfly will debut. However, it will be streaming on Amazon Prime.