The 64-year-old presented BBC hit Flog It! for 18 years and has starred in Antiques Road Trip, and other classic valuation programmes. Paul continues to make similar shows, recently hosting Trust Me, I'm a Dealer and Paul Martin's Handmade Revolution with Channel 5's The Great Auction Showdown airing very soon. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he detailed why he feels "privileged" to do the work he does. Discussing the new series, Paul described it as a mix between Antiques Road Trip and Flog It! He explained how he hopes the show can remind people to have a look through some of their own belongings in case they're sitting on a fortune. "I don't want to give too much away but you know, there's lots of finds and there's lots of treasures, and there's some lovely things," he added. "And we can all we can take something away from it. You know, and we remember the owners. But we've all got stuff like that." READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show Reflecting on his vast experience on antique shows, Paul's enthusiasm was clear. "It's a real privilege to talk about something that I love," he stated. "I get paid to talk about something I love, I'm a very lucky person. "And it's taken me all over the world, my career and being involved with heritage. "So it's it opens many doors for me - even in my free time. "You know, when I'm out with my kids, I get to visit a salesroom and have a chat with an auctioneer and go into many antiques places." He continued: "And I think the antique trade is one of the most wonderful industries in the world because it's sustainable. "It's green, our carbon footprint is incredibly low because everything was made at a time when there was no electricity. DON'T MISS... Love Island fans fume Shaq should 'mind your own business' over Tanyel [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sean Tully will die off-screen [THEORY]Vanessa Feltz 'to appear in dating show' following heartbreaking split [VIDEO] "It's been recycled and upcycled you know, 20 or 30 times. We're custodians of these things." Explaining the show itself, Paul said: "So, I have a different expert with me every week, which is quite nice. "It means we go to a different region. So there's a regional diversity going on, as well. So you get to learn about the area. "We have this wonderful valuation day it could be in a historic building a Civic Centre, it's dominantly museums. "And members of the public turn up with their unwanted antiques and collectibles that some people get a valuation and realise it's so expensive, they don't want to sell it. "So that's quite nice. It turns into the Antiques Roadshow too! "But obviously we want people to sell their items, and we've had lots of surprises and lots and lots of fun." The Great Auction Showdown with Paul Martin is due to air on Channel 5 soon.