Kate Middleton, 41, attended Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank's nuptials in 2018, along with the rest of the Royal Family. After the wedding when the royals congregated outside St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle, the Princess of Wales stood beside Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Eugenie's wedding fell on a very windy day, and Kate's pink fuchsia dress blew up suddenly in the wind. Both the Princess and Sophie Wessex attempted to stop it from flying any higher by placing their hands over the garment, while the two royal women shared a giggle. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain what dress Kate was wearing, and what she could have done to prevent any fashion faux pas. She said: "In October 2018, Kate Middleton wore an Alexander McQueen pink structured gown to Princess Eugenie's wedding. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims "Kate has shown her love for the British brand over the years, choosing to wear them to various occasions during her time as a royal." For instance, the Princess wore a custom Sarah Burton dress from Alexander McQueen on her wedding day in 2011, and even just a few weeks ago she wore a striking red McQueen suit to launch her endeavour "Shaping Us". Daena added: "While attending the wedding, the wind began to catch Kate’s dress, but with the help of Sophie Wessex, Kate calmly smiled at the moment." The two royal women looked unfazed at what had happened, implying that is quite normal for these events to occur on royal outings.  Daena explained: "According to royal insiders, it is common for royal women to have small weights sewn into the hems of their skirts and coats to avoid wardrobe malfunctions and allow them to fit perfectly. "It has been said that the late Queen passed down her tricks to Kate, as she too would have circular lead curtain weights sewn into all of her handmade outfits." According to the fashion pro, Kate's stylists would have been aware of the protocols to follow to avoid any embarrassing situations. She continued: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet  "It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. "Royal women wear tights when their legs are exposed in public. The Princess of Wales, who favours nude tights and has worn them with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude tights." it is not known whether or not Kate was wearing tights at Princess Eugenie's wedding, but it seems likely given the windy weather. Daena added: "Pennies or small weights are sewn into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind."  The Princess likely did not have weights sewn into the hemline of her Alexander McQueen dress, because otherwise, it would not have flown up with the wind. If she did it on that day, that might have solved the original problem. In addition, other royal women and guests at Eugenie's wedding lost their hats on the walk into the chapel because it was so windy. There are other style protocols which Kate and other royal women must follow in public, according to the expert. Daena claimed: "Royal women are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage. In order to still wear bespoke dresses with daring necklines, the Princess of Wales has her gowns altered ever so slightly to keep with the rules, while her later mother-in-law, Princess Diana used to hold her clutch to her chest while exiting vehicles." 