With many people struggling to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis, Alistair Lyddon, a dad of three from Weston-Super-Mare, is sharing his chef secrets to try and help others make savings and eat well for less. The 31-year-old chef has teamed up with online food retailer MuscleFood.com to create dishes good enough for a restaurant, that can be cooked at home. Alistair's love of cooking started as a child after learning to cook with his mum who’s also a chef - now he wants to pass on his tips to help families struggling with the rising cost of living. The busy chef was challenged to come up with quality meals on a budget and dished up restaurant-style dishes from as little as £1.25 per portion including beef tacos with an apple salad, chicken hotpot with roasted root vegetables and rosemary and garlic roasted sausages with a tomato bean stew and crushed new potatoes. He says the secret to building every meal is starting with your protein, adding your starch and letting that determine the type of cuisine you’re serving up. Alistair said: “I’ve been planning meals since I was a teenager and love nothing more than getting in the kitchen with a pile of ingredients and coming up with new dishes." READ MORE: Thrifty mum shares six tips to save money during half-term   The chef said the MuscleFood hamper made it easy to plan meals by first looking at all the protein available and picking what he was going to cook with. He added: “Then I select a starch - so either rice, pasta or potatoes. "If I pick pasta, then my dish is likely to be Italian or Mediterranean inspired, if rice then Asian or from South America. If I pick potatoes then it’s more likely to be a traditional British dish with a twist. “This is really easy for someone to replicate at home. And it can be done by just checking what you have available in your cupboards, fridge or freezer to keep the cost down.” DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]     Alastair revealed his kitchen must-haves to help create exciting dishes, including five herbs and spices that are essential in any kitchen. He said: “As a chef, I’m lucky to have a huge range of herbs and spices to use but as a home cook, that’s completely unrealistic. “I have five herbs and spices that are my go-to - if you have paprika, cumin, cajun spice, garlic powder and Chinese five spice then you can cook up lots of flavoursome dishes. “If you don't have these available, then you can always create flavour with salt, pepper and sugar. A bag of potatoes can be livened up with black pepper and turned into black pepper wedges.”  He continued: “With the MuscleFood hamper, my standard spices and some locally bought produce, I was able to cook up lots of restaurant-quality meals for pennies. “Among them, chicken hot pot with roasted root vegetables which came in at £1.25 per portion, and Tandoori chicken thighs in a mango glaze with spiced cauliflower and vegetable rice at £1.67 per person. “For those who enjoy beef, tasty beef tacos with an apple salad which works out at £1.39 a portion and beef meatball linguine with arrabbiata sauce at £1.59 per person. “Other tasty favourites include pork, gammon, butternut squash and apple pie in a cider sauce with spring onion and cheddar mash at £1.44 per person and rosemary and garlic roasted sausages, tomato bean stew and crushed new potatoes costing £1.46 per portion.”     Alistair also shared his top tips for cooking on a budget: 