West Ham have supposedly taken the decision to stick by manager David Moyes ahead of Saturday's crunch clash with Nottingham Forest. The Hammers are in the relegation zone after the weekend's defeat to Tottenham, and every other team in the bottom six has committed to a change in the dugout at some point this season. Bottom side Southampton sacked Ralph Hasenhuttl in November and his successor, Nathan Jones, earlier this month in pursuit of Premier League survival. Leeds have parted company with Jesse Marsch, while Bournemouth ditched Scott Parker with the season barely underway. In 16th and 15th respectively, Everton have enjoyed an upturn in fortunes since swapping Frank Lampard for Sean Dyche, and Wolves the same since replacing Bruno Lage with Julen Lopetegui. The outlier in the relegation scrap is West Ham, who have proven reluctant to axe Moyes despite a dismal run of form. According to BBC Sport, the former Manchester United boss still has the backing of the West Ham board to turn the situation around in east London. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers make Ten Hag decision That said, the forthcoming home tie against newly-promoted Nottingham Forest could ultimately decide Moyes' future. The Scot admitted that it will be a 'very big' game after watching his side fall to an unspirited defeat against Tottenham on Sunday. The Hammers managed just one shot on target with Spurs worthy of their three points, courtesy of goals from Emerson Royal and Son Heung-min. Despite retaining the club's backing for now, Moyes' position is made more tenuous by the vast transfer spending undertaken since last summer. DON'T MISS...Arsenal ace Oleksandr Zinchenko compares Saka to Messi and RonaldoPSG star Neymar stretchered off in tears with nasty-looking injuryArsenal tipped to blow title unless Arteta fixes 'dangerous' problem Significant sums were spent on the likes of Lucas Paqueta, Gianluca Scamacca and Nayef Aguerd, among others. While that trio have impressed at times, other costly signings such as Emerson Palmieri and Maxwel Cornet have struggled to make any kind of impact with the season now beyond its halfway point. West Ham are approaching a crossroads of sorts, with talisman and captain Declan Rice virtually certain to leave at the end of the season in a deal that could top £100million. The Hammers' hierarchy will have to decide who they want in charge of that rebuild, a decision which will ultimately depend on whether Moyes can instigate a turnaround over the coming weeks.  "I'll be looking to see the colour of the players' eyes in the next week," he said in his post-match press conference. "I can imagine what the colour of mine will be. The players have been challenged now. Let's see who's up for the fight. "[Next week is] very big. Every game is big. If you’re trying to make the word 'big' sound bigger than it should be, I don’t know if I can do that. Ultimately, we treat every game with the same level."