The Brit Awards 2023 was back on Saturday night and saw performances from Harry Styles and Lewis Capaldi. However, when Tom Grennan and Ellie Goulding took to the stage to present an award, the Not Over Yet hitmaker made an "inappropriate" comment about Ellie's breasts. The remark didn't go unnoticed by viewers, and many took to social media to slam the singer. As the duo walked onto the stage, Tom complimented how Ellie looked. "My goodness, Ellie Goulding, I love what you're doing," he said. Pointing to the black corset top she was wearing, Tom asked: "Are they your real boobs?" "These are not, no," Ellie awkwardly replied. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ "Sorry," sorry," Tom apologised as Ellie continued: "I wish...mine are a lot further apart." "I wish," she repeated before swiftly moving on: "Hello everybody..." Taking to Twitter to air their thoughts, Alan Law tweeted: "Tom Grennan asking Ellie Goulding about her boobs. It’s such a car crash." While Andrew Yee pointed out: "Cringe. Assume Tom Grennan has been drinking since breakfast and trying to be funny?? Does he realise he’s at the Brits and live on stage/TV. Ellie Goulding handled it well." (sic)  "I love my guy Tom Grennan, but why is he asking about Ellie's boobs??" Matt asked. Patrice raged: "Christ. The #BRITs are a catastrof**k this year. The categories. Sam Capaldi. Tom Grennan asking Ellie Goulding if her boobs are real. The awkwardness with all the award presenters, the audience and Mo Gilligan in general." (sic) "Tom Grennan was bang out of order," Tom Burrows shared. Cat Davies went on to ask: "Can Tom Grennan be asked on live TV if his genitals are real, please? That seems fair. And they get showcased? Absolute turnip." (sic) DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REACTION]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity  [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's JP Hooper to return as co-star speaks out [EXCLUSIVE] Sheree said: "Oof hope Tom Grennan cleared that joke with Ellie Goulding backstage.." (sic) Asking the singer to apologise, Rose complained: "Tom what were you thinking of that comment made to Ellie Goulding tonight, you should apologise."  For the first time ever, The Brit Awards was held on a Saturday night, which left viewers divided over the shake-up. Addressing the format change at the beginning of the show, Mo said: "What a way to kick off the show... Harry Styles, everybody show him some love, please.   "Hello, and welcome to The Brit Awards 2023 in association with Mastercard. "We're live from the o2 in London and for the first time ever, we're on a Saturday night. "The tables are back in full effect and you never know we're in South London so we might end up in a chicken shop." The BRIT Awards is available to watch on the ITV Hub. 