The UK's enemies could "take advantage" of the country's defence cuts and Britain's military would run out of firepower in under a week were it called upon to fight, a Tory MP has warned. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Tobias Ellwood called on the Treasury to boost defence spending in response to growing threats around the world, including Russian President Vladimir Putin's war of aggression against Ukraine. Mr Ellwood's comments come as Putin's allies warn there will be consequences for the "entire world" if the UK and other allies give jets to Ukraine. The Russian embassy warned in a statement that supplying jets would be "on London's conscience". Speaking about the UK's deteriorating military capability, Mr Ellwood said: "We need to recognise that defence spending needs to increase because of heightened threat levels across Europe. And 2023 is going to get worse. "The opportunity to upgrade our defence architecture should not be missed because our adversaries will take advantage of this. "Particularly the British Army. A couple of decades ago we had 900 tanks, now we are cutting that back to 146. "Likewise with the warrior armoured fighter vehicle being replaced by a wheeled vehicle without a turret. "We have got to ask ourselves 'who are we? what do we stand for?' We will learn the hard way that if we drop our defences our economy will then suffer." The UK has been one of the leading supporters of Ukraine, sending anti-tank weaponry and challenger 2 tanks to Kyiv to bolster their effort to drive out Russian forces. But this has also led to concerns that the UK's own military is now short on the basic weaponry needed to protect itself. Mr Ellwood added: "We have not upgraded our stockpiles since the war in Ukraine started. Ultimately, if we went into a peer-to-peer battle we'd last about seven or eight days before we ran out of ammunition, and that is a very dangerous place to be. "In mock battles with the US, we run out of artillery shells in less than a week. Not only is it dangerous, but it also means we are not meeting our NATO commitments, "The Treasury needs to address this." READ MORE: Royal Marines routinely left without hot water of heating in barracks  It is also believed that it would take up to 10 years to field a modern warfighting division comprised of 25,000 to 30,000 troops. Cuts to the British Army have been consistent in recent years. Under current plans, the army is due to shrink to 73,000 full-time troops from 82,000. It is currently below 76,000. This means the army is now smaller than it has been since the 1700s. It comes as a US general privately told Defence Secretary Ben Wallace that British Army is no longer regarded as a top-tier force. Sources at the meeting claimed that the US general said: "You haven't got a tier one. It's barely tier two." Responding to this Mr Ellwood added that the Government needs to "wake up" and boost defence spending. DON'T MISS:Fight to keep RAF medal in the country as it's sold to oversea buyer [INSIGHT]Ex-British Army chief warns UK would 'run out of ammo' in one day [ANALYSIS]Allies must wage new war on Putin's fake propaganda [INSIGHT] He said: "It shows that, if our most important ally is saying this to us, we need to wake up. "Our army, with its obsolete tanks and vehicles, would be outgunned on the battlefield. We cannot keep ignoring this." Earlier this week, the Treasury appeared to rule out any increase in defence spending. A defence source said: "We know that at the moment the Treasury and the chancellor are playing hardball. "They recognise the threats. They recognise the pressure defence is under from inflation, the nuclear deterrent, stockpiles and Ukraine. But despite recognising the threats and the pressure, they say there is no more money."