During Wednesday’s instalment of the ITV show, the Loose Women panel were debating whether or not funerals are a waste of money. However, when 82-year-old Gloria Hunniford spoke about what she’d like to have for her own funeral, viewers were less than impressed. As panellist Jane Moore addressed her co-stars, she wanted to get their thoughts on funerals and whether or not they believed the funds that go on them are a waste. However, when speaking to Gloria the ITV host confessed she had thought about her own funeral in great detail before reeling off a list of things she wanted. The 82-year-old confirmed her family were all aware of her proposed plans as she confirmed she wanted the works. She said: “I mean, I want the flowers, I want the service, I want all my family and friends to be there. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   “I’ve already told my family this! I want to be buried, I do not want to be cremated. “I want a lead-lined coffin, just in case there are creepy crawlies.” Shocked at the in-depth details of her future funeral, Jane commented: “You’ve really thought about this haven’t you?” Confessing she had, Jane questioned if it was true the more cars you have in an Irish funeral possession the better.   Although Gloria didn’t believe it to be true, Linda Robson added: “They like it because my family are Irish and they count how many cars you have.” However, people watching the episode weren’t impressed with Gloria’s proposed plans as many called out the 82-year-old for being out of touch in regards to how much the day would cost her family. Mabel_Mouse_ commented: “That’s great for you Gloria because you can afford a lavish funeral. A lot of people can’t.” Agreeing, Mrscarter22 replied: “Exactly!” DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [VIDEO] BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [SOAP]  TellyVsPodcasts slammed: “Privileged Gloria has no idea how life is for others.” SophiePetkar added: “Gloria Hunniford comes across as so arrogant and out of touch with how the world works - like she looks down at most people. Just can’t warm to her at all! #LooseWomen." Last year, Gloria had to take some time away from the ITV show over the Christmas period after being rushed to hospital. The 82-year-old fell ill after suffering from a kidney infection and sepsis with her blood pressure falling very low.   It took Gloria over three weeks to recover from the medical emergency as she returned to Loose Women on January 10. Touching on being ill in a recent episode of the show, the panellist confessed it was the first time in her life she was worried about her age. She said: "I haven't been anxious about it as I am still doing what I have been doing since I was about 20 or 30 years old. "But it was the first time ever [at Christmas] I sat on my chair watching TV and I thought, 'Is this what it is going to be like?' "But do you know what? I have forgotten about that now." Loose Women continues on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 