Arsenal and Manchester City face off on Wednesday night in the biggest game of the Premier League season so far. The two teams meet at the Emirates Stadium, though fans won’t be able to watch the match on either of the frequently-used broadcasters, Sky Sports or BT Sport. Arsenal’s 1-1 draw with Brentford over the weekend allowed City to move within touching distance of the top spot in the table. The north London outfit are just three points clear, though will feel aggrieved that they head into Wednesday’s match with so much at stake. The Gunners opened the scoring through January signing Leandro Trossard against the Bees before Ivan Toney nodded home from close-range to level the tie, his 14th goal of the season. However, footage showed that the equaliser should have been ruled out by VAR. Christian Norgaard was stood in an offside position when a cross came in before he guided the ball into the path of Toney, with PGMOL apologising and admitting to the 'human error'. City made no mistake in capitalising on the dropped points though, cruising to a 3-1 win over Aston Villa in a dominant display. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m The two teams will now meet at 7.30pm at the Emirates on Wednesday, with the match being screened by Amazon Prime. The company will be ecstatic that they have managed to land one of the biggest games of the campaign over Sky Sports or BT Sport, with the storyline of the season so far all leading to this 90 minutes. Amazon knew that they had secured the match between the two teams before the season began, though it being rescheduled twice has allowed the battle at the top to unfold to this stage. The match was originally scheduled for mid-October but was postponed so that Arsenal could play against PSV in the Europa League. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache It was then moved to September 16 but was pushed back again as it was ruled that police resources were needed in central London following the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, with her funeral taking place the following Monday. Amazon are showing just 20 fixtures this season, and they certainly wouldn’t have expected to broadcast a match between the two front-runners for the title. Arteta admitted earlier this week that even he did not think his Arsenal team would be competing for the Premier League this season, saying: “If you told me at the start of the season, I would have doubted (Arsenal’s league position), but we are where we are. We’ve earned it and now we must work every single day to try and improve.”