Bargain Hunt has been airing on BBC One for more than two decades, delighting fans with the challenge of making a profit and coming across surprisingly valuable finds. Along with members of the public, the daytime series has a team of experts on hand to give the contestants advice whenever it's needed to guide them in the right direction. One of which is 47-year-old antique dealer Thomas Forrester. Thomas Forrester is an auctioneer as well as a TV presenter who runs his own auction house in Berkshire. The expert, who has a broad knowledge of antiques, specialises in jewellery, watches and silver. Thomas started Special Auction Services in 1991 alongside his partners Neil Shuttleworth and Hugo Marsh so fans can find him at their business when he isn't filming for Bargain Hunt. Prior to this, he worked as the Head of the Department of Ceramics, Jewellery and Silver at Gorringe’s and Phillips. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Bargain Hunt star Thomas Forrester has been married to a woman called Angela for around 17 years. Little is known about their relationship as the pair prefer to keep their marriage out of the spotlight. It was reported, however, in 2010, that they welcomed their twin daughters and resided in Cowley. According to an article in Newbury Today in 2020, the family at some point moved to Newbury, Berkshire. Forrester was thrust into the spotlight when it was spotted that the Bargain Hunt expert had changed his name. He was originally welcomed onto the show as Thomas Plant but changed it to Thomas Forrester two years later in 2018. Addressing the name change on Twitter, Special Auction Services tweeted: "Thomas has been Thomas Forrester for some time now so to avoid any further confusion he decided it was high time his details were updated. "Of course, those of you who know him as Thomas Plant will always call him as such, for the avoidance of doubt he is in fact one in the same!" DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [VIDEO]'I asked Bargain Hunt antiques expert to rate my charity shop finds' [FEATURE]Bargain Hunt star Colin Young's daughter has followed in his footsteps [CAST] But no concrete answer for the name change has been given to this day. Some speculated that it was because he married his colleague Jessica Forrester. She works for Special Auction Services as an auctioneer, and auction manager and heads up the HR and staffing for the firm. But it is still thought that he remains married to Angela, the mother of his children. Forrester will be starring in the upcoming episode of Bargain Hunt which airs this afternoon. The synopsis for the episode reads: "Today's Bargain Hunt with Anita Manning comes from Southwell Racecourse in Nottinghamshire. "The reds and blues try to find the best buys, and they are joined by experts Thomas Forrester and Richard Madley. "Auctioneer Colin Young takes to the rostrum as the teams' lots go under the hammer in Lincolnshire." Bargain Hunt continues weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.