A mum has told of her despair after she was "plunged into debt" when her energy provider changed from SSE to Ovo. Sarah, who did not wish her surname to be published, had used SSE for her gas and electricity for the past two years before she was moved over to the new provider last Monday (January 30).  Overnight, Sarah claims her meter went from being "comfortably in credit to £50 in debt" on Tuesday morning. Speaking to Somerset Live, she said: "I thought the whole point of having a prepayment meter was that you couldn't get into debt. "SSE couldn’t speak to me because the account had been switched to Ovo by then, so I tried ringing Ovo and got no answer. We thought it was just a glitch in the system and that it would sort itself out, but later in the day the debt actually increased. I sort of panicked when I saw that and I went on Facebook to see if it had happened to anyone else. I found this group of people, all complaining about Ovo, some of whom had had their power cut off. "Then on Thursday, they cut off our gas so we weren't able to cook dinner for the children, or heat our home. In the end, we put enough money on the meter to clear this supposed debt - which was a bit annoying because we weren’t in debt - just so they would turn the gas back on." Sarah's is not the only household to find itself in debt after being switched to Ovo. In November, the Guardian reported that some customers had received bills of up to £49,000 because of data errors that led to vastly overinflated energy projections. Others, in the public "SSE/OVO Complaints" Facebook group, report having their gas switched off and John Fernandez - speaking to The Sun - said he was still waiting for a £1,800 refund, more than 10 weeks after Ovo mistakenly debited it.  Sarah said she rang Ovo again and spent an hour on hold before being told she had called "the wrong department". "Eventually, I got cut off because it was 6pm and they had all gone home," she added. Meanwhile, the family was still without heating or a cooker, so they took matters into their own hands, she explained. "Someone on the Facebook group had posted a YouTube video which showed you how to reconnect your gas manually. "Some people had been doing that, but others were a bit scared. In the end, we had to do it because the house was freezing and we needed to cook, so we switched everything off and tried it," Sarah said. Over the weekend, she tried contacting Ovo again - this time on their Facebook page - and received a message from a member of the provider's social media team, advising her to call the PAYGO team - on the same phone number she had used the first time. "I rang it again, was on hold for an hour and then had to hang up because I was in danger of going over the minutes on my mobile," Sarah said.  She also contacted Wera Hobhouse, Bath's MP, for help. Regarding the case, Wera said: "I cannot discuss specific cases without a constituent's consent but I am aware that many of my constituents are having difficulties with prepayment meters. "The Liberal Democrats have been pushing for the Government to address this for months. At the start of December, I put down a Private Members Bill that would have banned their installation this winter. The Government blocked it and as a result, thousands of people have been subjected to a ‘penalty on poverty’.  "If you are having difficulties please write to my office and we will do everything we can to help and alleviate the acute pressure I know many of us are feeling at the moment." Following approaches from Bath Live and Wera Hobhouse, Ovo refunded the money Sarah used to pay off the "debt" on her meter. Ovo has been contacted for further comment. 