Makeup can enhance a woman’s features, but if applied incorrectly, it can draw attention to areas of the face that are showing signs of ageing. As women get older, skin loses elasticity and collagen is produced less, so the cheeks and jawline can start to sag. Surgical facelifts and non-surgical treatments can be expensive, so using makeup is a safer and cheaper option. A makeup artist has shared her eyeliner hacks to turn back time. Liquid eyeliner can be tricky to apply, and makeup artist Kerrin Jackson recommends swapping liquid eyeliner for a soft pencil. As women age around the eye area, wrinkles form, and skin begins to sag which makes applying eyeliner harder. Kerrin explained: "Once you get over 35, liquid eyeliner won’t look clean and straight”. She spoke about “gravity working against the skin” and when fine lines appear the “liquid eyeliner doesn’t look good” on “crepey, wrinkly” eyelids. READ MORE: 50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream The “most flattering” option is to choose soft, pencil eyeliner as opposed to harsh, dark liquid eyeliner. If you don’t want to use an eyeliner pencil, Kerrin suggests using an angled makeup brush and an eyeliner gel to apply it. The expert also recommends using “a very soft pencil that you can blend to soften, so no harsh pencil lines appear”. Eyeliner crayons are also a great product, but they can be trickier because they are thicker than a traditional eyeliner pencil. If using eyeliner around the eye, it can “make eyes appear larger” too. DON'T MISS...James Martin’s recipe for the ‘best’ peppercorn sauce [VIDEO]Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [COMMENT] For best results, draw “along your upper lash line, as closes to the lashes as possible” with a soft eyeliner pencil that can be blended to create a shadow. Drawing eyeliner on the lash line gives the appearance of longer eyelashes too. For an “instant uplifting effect to take years off” add a little flick or small wing to the outer corner of the eye. To give the illusion of bigger eyes, use a white eyeliner pencil inside your eye on the waterline. Kerrin takes this one step further and suggests adding a white eyeliner to the “inner corner of your eye” but “be careful” as it can “look a little theatrical” if too much is added. READ MORE: Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin If you’re worried about adding too much white eyeliner, opt for “a soft pink or light flesh tone” eyeliner. Soft pink or skin-coloured tones instead of whites are more natural and great for an “everyday look”. Kerrin recommends “placing a dot of the pencil on the skin at the inner corner of the eye to instantly add light and open your eye”. Anyone with smaller eyes can “draw the pencil on the lower waterline too” which will “take years off in seconds”. A popular makeup trend that’s making a comeback is shimmer or metallic eyeshadow, but Kerrin says this “can instantly age the eyes”. She told She Finds how “the reflective nature of shimmer eyeshadow can be unflattering on an eyelid with a lot of texture” because it “reflects off all angles of the skin and can actually make your eyelids appear even older appearance than they actually are”. 