Novak Djokovic’s hopes of winning a record-equalling eighth Wimbledon title this summer could be foiled as several young Americans have been named as competitors for the trophy at the All England Club. The world No 1 has not lost a match at SW19 in six years and will be bidding to match Roger Federer’s record of eight titles when he returns to Wimbledon this summer as the defending champion. Djokovic is already the favourite for Wimbledon given his track record at SW19 in recent years - winning the last four editions of the tournament in a row with his last defeat coming in 2017 while he was dealing with an elbow injury. The Serb also tied Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles Grand Slam record with 22 overall titles and another win at Wimbledon would be a boost in the GOAT race. But it appears that the seven-time Wimbledon champion may have some tougher competition at the All England Club this year, as Patrick McEnroe believes a series of young American players will be able to do some damage on the grass this year and contend for the title. “Wimbledon, you gotta think Fritz, he was there last year,” the former doubles world No 3 said on his Holding Court podcast, referring to Fritz’s run to the quarter-finals where he lost a tight five-setter to Nadal. “You gotta think Shelton to be dangerous if he gets used to the bounce when you're playing on grass for the first time. Paul, I mean he's got a solid... he takes the ball early, could be good,” he added. JUST IN: Stefanos Tsitsipas 'splits with Mouratoglou' as coach focuses on rival   And there was one player that the younger McEnroe brother could really compete for the title at Wimbledon, continuing: “But, I think Korda... I mean, to me, Korda is a guy like 'wow.’” McEnroe’s comments come after the world No 26’s strong start to the season, which saw him reach the Adelaide final where he held a championship point before losing to Djokovic. Korda backed up his run by making his maiden Grand Slam quarter-final at the Australian Open but he retired injured to Karen Khachanov. And the 56-year-old thought he could have another deep run at Wimbledon if the injury woes went away. “If he could put it together, we'll see how the wrist is, haven't heard any updates on the wrist injury that he suffered against Khachanov,” he said. DON'T MISSTennis star fights tears after helping injured opponent in horror fallTsitsipas and co receive dig as Spanish star has brutal rankings claimTennis star smashes three rackets in extraordinary fit of rage “But, if he can add a little more meat to the bones, get a little more pop on the serve, I know we have talked about that. I mean, he looks to me like a guy that's a legit threat at Wimbledon.” Korda made his first Grand Slam second week at Wimbledon in 2021 back when he was ranked at No 50 in the world. But he was unable to compete at the All England Club last year after picking up an injury that saw him fall in the first round of Eastbourne before being forced to take some time away from the tour. 