Nicola Bulley is an "incredibly strong swimmer", a friend of the missing mum has said, casting doubt over the suggestion that she may have drowned while walking her dog 10 days ago. Police are continuing their search for Nicola, who went missing in St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire while logged on to a work call on her phone. Both Nicola's phone and dog were found near the river Wyre, but police maintain that there are no signs of third-party involvement. This led the force to a "working hypothesis" that Nicola may have fallen into the river and drowned. However, in a Facebook post, Nicola's friend Tilly Ann claimed the mum of two is an "incredibly strong swimmer". Laying out 11 "facts" about the ongoing case, Tilly Ann wrote: "Paul and Nikki both mostly work from home which is why he was at home that day. They have CCTV and there is a reason why Paul has never been a suspect. "Family and friends need these accusations to stop immediately. The fact that I've had to write this is disgusting, to be honest. "They both do this walk regularly and Paul is very well known in the community and very well recognised. The dog never has her harness on for a chunk of that walk, it's removed at the gate of the top field and then put back on at the gate when they leave. "They very rarely take the ball out for walks with willow now because she is very very protective over the ball and hasn't done for a while. Nikki quite often would put her phone on loudspeaker when talking. "The dog was found very close to the bench and the harness. The harness was found on the floor, not on the bench. "Nikki is an incredibly strong swimmer. Nikki drove to the school and then left her car there and walked to the river. The dog was dry when found. READ MORE Nicola Bulley's friend rules out theory as 'there was no ball' "The dog has since been back. There's CCTV at the back of the caravan park. The only camera that isn't working is the one that would have seen everything." Nicola's sister, Louise Cunningham, also said there is “no evidence whatsoever” that the 45 year-old fell into the river and urged the public to “keep an open mind." After the force suggested Nicola fell into the river, the detective leading the search admitted last week that there is "no evidence" to support the theory. Speaking to the Sunday Times, Superintendent Sally Riley added: “When you triangulate all the witnesses, the CCTV, the digital and the telephone, the whole picture, it produces such a tiny window for criminal involvement that it becomes highly unlikely." DON'T MISSNicola Bulley search boost as 'world's best' sonar being brought in [INSIGHT]Fitbit ready to help police in search for Nicola Bulley [ANALYSIS]Nicola Bulley's friend slams 'cruel' psychics and armchair detectives [INSIGHT] Lancashire Police have since been criticised for stating that they believe Nicola could have drowned without substantial evidence. Martyn Underhill, a senior officer in the Sarah Payne murder investigation, said there are still several possibilities in the Nicola Bulley case and added that suggesting she went missing via a freak accident could compromise efforts to find her. He told The Times: "If the public is told that they think it’s a terrible accident it risks people switching off. It can deter someone from coming forward with crucial evidence. "Coming out with such a definitive narrative publicly will make it hard to row back if the circumstances change. And they’ve offended the family and friends at the same time. It is really bizarre.”