For all his intellect and education Rishi Sunak has fallen for the same false assumption that undermined Theresa May’s and Boris Johnson’s approach to Brexit and Northern Ireland. The Prime Minister, revealing his “Windsor Framework”, opened in the Commons with “…if we want to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland, as we all do, then there will be some role for EU law.” This presumption, that a customs border between Northern Ireland and the Republic would constitute a “hard border” was the fallacy at the heart of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Its continued perpetuation also undermines the Windsor Framework. The simple truth is, if a smooth trading arrangement can be created between GB and NI, as Messrs Sunak and Von der Leyen would have us believe, an equally smooth one can be created on the island of Ireland. No doubt the new trading arrangements, contemplated by the Framework, are a marked improvement on those of the Protocol. No doubt they will make trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland much easier. But the correct place to locate such arrangements is not between GB and NI. It is between NI and the Republic. There is no need for and nor should there be any EU law in Northern Ireland. Clarifying the detail of how EU State Aid laws would apply does not get over the fact those laws should not, in any event, be applicable. Indeed, the clarifications appear to be no more than setting out how these laws work in the EU.  HMG taking back the right to set the rates of VAT and excise duty, comes at the expense of much closer cooperation generally with the EU in such matters as far as the entire United Kingdom is concerned. Here is evidenced the other risk originally posed by the Protocol. In order to reduce its effects, the UK would, in its entirety, be held closer to the EU. The so-called Stormont brake is meaningless. It suggests Stormont may raise objections to new EU laws. But it may only do so in exceptional circumstances, after having commissioned and considered impact assessments and then only if Westminster sustains those concerns. And even then, if an EU law is rejected, the EU would have the right to take remedial action. In other words, Stormont may, after huge effort, on occasion successfully block an EU law, only to have its effects imposed on Northern Ireland in some other way.  A huge amount of time and money would have to be expended by unionist politicians policing new EU laws and then combating them. The siege mentality under which unionism is currently forced to exist, forever fighting the existential threat to their place in the United Kingdom, would continue apace. The Windsor Framework returns to the United Kingdom, in small measure some limited rights which should never have been removed in the first place. It does nothing to address the fundamental problem of Northern Ireland being subject to foreign laws, made by a foreign legislature and adjudicated by a foreign court. The Acts of Union, which have fundamentally been found to have been subjugated by the Protocol, remain subjugated under the Windsor Framework.  There will be a temptation for unionist politicians to welcome and work with the Windsor Framework. They are no doubt exhausted by the onslaught to which they have been subjected by the Protocol for the last three years. People want to move on. They want to be optimistic and plan for the future, not forever fight this constitutional battle. That temptation must be resisted. The reason we are here in the first place is because we did not properly oppose the Protocol when it was first revealed. Then, as now, Brexiteers were exhausted by years of constitutional turmoil. If the same weariness gives way to acceptance of the Windsor Framework, we will no doubt repent at leisure. 