From investing in appliances to creating intuitive storage solutions, Al Bruce, founder of Olive & Barr, has shared his best and simplest advice on how to elevate one's kitchen. This will, in turn, increase the value of one's home. Choose timeless over trends Some trends come and go, whereas others never go out of fashion. Therefore, it is worth choosing timeless looks when renovating one's kitchen, according to Al. The best way to do this is to opt for a "neutral colour palette, whether that’s creams and greys or dark blues paired with wooden countertops", Al said. These "have the broadest appeal and therefore will continue to remain popular for years to come". "Not only this, but neutral cabinetry is extremely versatile and will complement a variety of different design styles, allowing the space to easily be re-worked to suit a variety of different personalities," the expert added. Functional islands “Kitchens islands are not just there for visual appeal - they are extremely functional too," Al noted. "From adding extra worktop space to offering additional seating, a multi-functional island has become the must-have feature for one reason - they provide a simple solution to every kitchen’s needs. "The trick is to add practicality to your island, whether that’s with in-built storage, a farmhouse sink or even extra cupboard space to house additional appliances, as well as a dedicated preparation area than can also be used for working and entertaining.” DON'T MISS:Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer [EXPERT]‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ [COMMENT]Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ [EXPLAINER] State-of-the-art appliances “High-quality appliances will add a premium feel to your space, alongside making it more practical and far easier to use," Al explained. These appliances include dual-purpose taps that provide hot, cold, and boiling water on demand, and smart fridge-freezers with intuitive controls. "By installing the latest appliances you will create an ergonomic kitchen that will not only make your life easier but if you choose to sell, attract potential buyers too.” Invest in a hardwearing worktop Al explained that "choosing to upgrade to a hardwearing natural stone, like quartz will help to future-proof your space". "Resistant to stains, heat and scratches, quartz not only looks good but it’s perfect for busy lifestyles and those who enjoy to entertain," he said. "For an added touch of luxury, opt for a premium quartz such as Venatino." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Intuitive storage “Ensure your kitchen is used to its full potential, by using all the available space," Al advised. "To store utensils and make use of otherwise wasted space, install magnetic strips between your wall and base cabinets. "Or, add a spice rack to the back of your cabinet door and use storage baskets and containers to utilise both under-sink and cupboard storage - whatever you can do to your kitchen to improve its storage offering will add value." Lighting The right lighting will "allow you to highlight the best features in your kitchen, whilst enhancing functionality too", according to Al. "Consider adding concealed spotlights beneath your upper cabinets to make meal preparation safer and easier, or statement lights above a central island to control the ambience."