Amateur football referees will be equipped with body cameras for the first time this week in a bid to stop them being abused by players, coaches and spectators. Research has uncovered the shocking scale of physical and verbal attacks on match officials in adult and youth grassroots games. Almost a third had suffered a physical attack, describing being punched, head butted and spat at, with nearly all having experienced verbal abuse. Now Premier League players have been urged to set a better example to the lower tiers and stop crowding around officials after they make a decision. On Wednesday, referee Anthony Taylor was surrounded by furious Man City players when he awarded a penalty to rivals Arsenal in their crunch clash at the Emirates Stadium. A pilot scheme of referees wearing body cams to record attacks, as used by the police, was announced last year but with no start date. Now Andy Ambler, the FA’s director of the professional game, has revealed a group will be equipped with the evidence-gathering kit this week in the first trial of its kind.  He said: “There will be 100 referees who will have body cams fitted that will be trialled in leagues up and down the country – adult leagues –and we will see how we go with it. We will be the first national association globally to introduce a trial.” Mr Ambler added: “We think it’s a trial that will give referees another toolkit that will hopefully tackle this abuse.” And he said anyone found guilty of assaulting referees faces a mandatory 10-year FA ban – but sanctions for verbal abuse vary across the country and may be subject to review. The FA said: “We understand the challenges that some of them face and we have been very clear that all forms of abuse are completely unacceptable.” The scale of abuse was revealed by a BBC Radio 5 Live questionnaire that was sent to the 7,000 members of Referees’ Associations in England. Out of 927 respondents, 293 had experienced physical abuse from a player, spectator or coach. Paul Field, the association’s president, said: “One day in this country a referee will lose his or her life. It happened in Holland a few years ago and they really changed their culture.” 