A senior police officer who was shot multiple times in Omagh, Northern Ireland, got up to warn children away even after being attacked, it is understood. The heroic officer, who has been named as Detective Chief Inspector John Caldwell, was shot by two gunmen after coaching children at football in Omagh, County Tyrone, on Wednesday evening, when putting balls away in the boot of his car.   DCI Caldwell remains in a critical, but stable, condition in hospital following the attack at a sports complex in Omagh, in Co Tyrone, on Wednesday. He was shot multiple times at the facility by masked men in front of young people he had been coaching, many of whom were waiting to be picked up. Three men, aged 38, 45, and 47, have been arrested. A source from the scene told the BBC  that DCI Caldwell warned others at the scene of the danger even after being shot several times. He is a high-profile officer who has led a number of major investigations, including taking a leading role in the murder probe following the killing of Natalie McNally in Lurgan in December. The dissident republican group the New IRA is the "primary focus" of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) attempted murder probe. The head of the Irish police, Garda Commissioner Drew Harris, said the attempted murder marks a "very sombre day for all of us involved in policing on this island". He added that An Garda Siochana has extended "every assistance in terms of what operationally we can do to assist them both in terms of the investigation but also ongoing operations that are being conducted". "Last night, when we were informed of this attack, we reacted quickly in terms of providing a very strong presence in the border area and that has carried on throughout the day," he said today. "I personally assured [Simon Byrne] the Chief Constable of our ongoing support with whatever requirements that they would make of us, as well as obviously conducting our own inquiries." The chairman of the Policing Authority added: "An Garda Siochana and its members are no strangers, alas, to such attempts being made and many have given the ultimate sacrifice in the service of the state and of the people." Assistant Chief Constable Mark McEwan told BBC Radio Ulster the "primary focus" of the investigation was on "violent dissident republicans". He said: "The investigation is at an early stage, we are keeping an open mind. There are multiple strands to that investigation. "The primary focus is on violent dissident republicans and within that there is a primary focus as well on New IRA." Assistant Chief Contable McEwan described the attack: "Last night at approximately 8 o'clock at the Youth Sport Centre in Killyclogher Road, Omagh, whilst John was putting footballs into the boot of his car and accompanied by his young son, two gunmen approached and we believe both have fired multiple shots. "John has ran a short distance and he's fallen to the ground. And as he's on the ground, the gunmen have continued to fire at him. That shows the absolute callous nature of this attack, in a crowded space where there are children and parents in the vicinity and we saw those children and young people running in sheer terror to get to safety." Chief Constable Simon Byrne said today (February 23) that three men, aged 38, 45 and 47, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. READ ABOUT PUTIN'S CRAZED SPEECH  The PSNI head told reporters: "Clearly as an organisation, we are utterly shocked and angered by last night's brazen and calculated attack. John is a father, husband and colleague, and a valued and active member of his local community." He said DCI Caldwell has been a valued policeman for 26 years and is "committed to public service as a senior investigating officer supporting victims and their families in bringing offenders to justice". He added: "John is held in the highest esteem within our organisation. He is a credit to his family and to the police service. And of course, our thoughts are with John and his family as he fights for his life in hospital today." Speaking in the Irish parliament earlier, deputy leader and foreign affairs minister Micheál Martin said that he was "struggling to comprehend the savagery and depravity of last night's attack". He told the Dail: "Detective Chief Inspector John Caldwell, a man whose day job is finding and prosecuting the worst and most dangerous threats to his community, and a man who was spending his free time working with young people at a sports centre, coaching them on teamwork, friendship, fitness and so forth. "He was there with his young son, putting away the equipment, and two individuals with weapons walk up and fire multiple shots into his body, shooting him again and again, and they do everything in their power to try and kill him front of his young son and other children. The very best sort of a man attacked by the very worst.  DON'T MISS: Woman, 23, plunges to her death from cliff after night time walk [REPORT] Lawyer fumes over 'offensive' Shamima Begum decision [LATEST] French veg prices dramatically higher than UK but shelves are stocked [REVEALED]  The New IRA has been blamed for the killing of journalist Lyra McKee in Londonderry in 2019. Last November, the group was also thought to be behind the attempted murder of two police officers in a bomb attack in Strabane, Co Tyrone. Omagh has seen significant dissident violence in the past, including a Real IRA bomb attack in 1998 which killed 29 people, including a woman pregnant with twins. It is also where Constable Ronan Kerr was murdered in April 2011. The terrorism threat level in Northern Ireland was lowered from severe to substantial for the first time in 12 years last March.  The shooting was condemned by politicians across the UK and Ireland when news of the attack emerged on Wednesday (February 23). DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson described the shooting as "terrible news from Omagh", adding: "Our heart goes out to the family of this courageous police officer and to his colleagues. "We condemn outright the cowards responsible for this. These terrorists have nothing to offer and they must be brought to justice. We stand with the PSNI." Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said: "I am appalled by the disgraceful shooting of an off-duty police officer in Omagh tonight. "My thoughts are with the officer and his family. There is no place in our society for those who seek to harm public servants protecting communities."   Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris said that those responsible must be brought to justice. He said on Wednesday: "I am aware of the shocking incident in Omagh tonight and am being kept up to date. My immediate thoughts are with the PSNI officer and his family. Those responsible for such horror must be brought to justice." Sinn Fein Vice President Michelle O'Neill said it was an "outrageous and shameful attack". She said: "Terrible news this evening of an off-duty police officer being shot in Killyclogher, Omagh. "This is an outrageous and shameful attack. My immediate thoughts are with the officer and his family. I unreservedly condemn this reprehensible attempt to murder a police officer."  The principal of Omagh High School, whose students were at the scene of the shooting has said violence must be "pushed away from our community". Christos Gaitatzis told BBC Radio Ulster: "I can only imagine how difficult it must be for the youngsters this morning, waking up in the aftershock of what they experienced last night. "I feel that those people affected here last night were my children, were my family. We really need to get together as a community in order to make sure that these types of instances, that contain violence in the most heinous way I can describe, have to be pushed away from our community. "[We have to] make sure that those individuals are caught and isolated out of our community to make sure that Omagh remains the town that it always has been - a town that is together, is coming together at all times, especially during difficult circumstances like this." 