The forthcoming documentary-series chronicles the powerful Murdaugh Dynasty and its fall from grace and links to several murders over a number of years. The Murdaughs were a powerful family in rural South Carolina, who had built a legal empire over a century and their reach extended to every level of the local community. Netflix’s documentary follows hot on the heels of the Murdaugh Murders podcast series which itself has become a hugely popular true crime programme. Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal will be released tomorrow (February 22) with the entire documentary available in one go on Netflix. The show will start with the death of teenager Mallory Beach, who died in a drunken boating accident in 2019. Fellow youngster Paul Murdaugh was alleged to have been at the wheel when the crash occurred. The documentary then looks at the deaths of Paul and his mother Maggie Murdaugh, who were shot at a property owned by the family called Moselle in 2021. READ MORE: BBC viewers beg Sally Nugent to 'calm down' over 'aggressive' grilling There is also an analysis of the deaths of the Murdaughs’ longtime housekeeper Gloria Satterfield and Stephen Smith, the latter of whom went to school with Buster Murdaugh. Added into the mix is Alex’s addiction to opioids with Paul and Maggie discovering a stash of his pills before their murders. Alex is now on trial, standing accused of killing his wife and son near the dog kennels of their property on the Moselle estate. He has pleaded not guilty to the charges. There has been no confession made, no murder weapon has been found and no witnesses to the crime in the case. Alex previously confessed to being addicted to opioids for decades and had stints in rehab. The attorney has claimed he was spending up to an estimated £49,000 ($60,000) a week on his 20-year addiction. The prosecution has presented its case for the past four weeks and now the defence will be putting their side forward. Buster is thought to be giving evidence in the case as part of the defence, a source told CNN, and he has been in court throughout his father’s trial. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest staggered by black opal brooch's value [VIDEO]Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction [INTERVIEW]EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue [SPOILER] There is a total of three episodes in Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal, which will be available to binge in one go. The series features interviews with the family and friends of Mallory about the night of the fateful boat collision into Archers Creek Bridge. Crucially, Paul’s longtime ex-girlfriend Morgan Doughty also gives her insight not only into her former partner but her dealings with his family. Gloria’s family will also appear in the documentary to discuss her death with the housekeeper and nanny said to have tripped over a family dog and fallen down brick stairs at the family home in 2018. In 2022, the authorities reopened the investigation into her death with plans to exhume the body for examination. A dramatic trailer for the series features Mallory’s friends Morgan, Miley Altman and Connor Cook and Mallory's boyfriend Anthony Cook recounting the accident. The trailer also references rumours Buster and Stephen were intimate together and alleges the high schooler’s death was “intertwined with the Murdaughs”. The preview ends with Anthony ominously telling viewers: “There you are, scared for your life. And it’s either do or die.” Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal will be released globally on Netflix on February 22