Sadly, scams are on the rise, and Lloyds Bank has warned romance scams are a particular issue, jumping by 30 percent last year. Lloyds shared the story of Mary, who joined a Facebook group one day for fans of a popular film. She became immersed in the group, interacting with other members and leaving comments on their posts. However, it was not too long after this that she received a message from another group member, named Bill. The pair hit it off and spoke via the social media app for a while before Bill convinced Mary to move their communication to WhatsApp. Their conversations moved away from the film to their personal lives, and the duo chatted daily, exchanging messages and the occasional phone call - but not video calls. READ MORE: Premium Bonds holders have better chance to win big Bill often sent Mary photos which he claimed were of himself in various places, and sometimes accompanied by a woman he said was his daughter. Once the pair had established a relationship, Bill told Mary his bank account had been blocked and he was struggling to access any money. He sent through photos of apparent bank statements which showed high savings balances, and that £1million was pending release. Mary, keen to help out in a difficult circumstance, purchased gift cards and sent small amounts of money to Bill. But she was blindsided when he told her his daughter had been taken ill and needed a kidney transplant as well as a blood transfusion. DON'T MISSHalifax to shut 18 branches in 2023 [LATEST]Rishi Sunak told to end triple lock rather than hike state pension age [UPDATE]State pension age hikes not 'felt evenly' [ANALYSIS] A supposedly helpless Bill sent photos showing the woman in previous pictures lying in a hospital bed. Mary also received a message from someone claiming to be the doctor responsible for Bill’s daughter’s care. Bill said his daughter’s hospital bills needed to be paid, but as he couldn’t access his funds, he would need Mary’s help. He told her to send money to someone named Sheila, who worked in the administration department of a hospital in Turkey. Mary was confused, but Bill explained the hospital had a UK bank account and would be able to facilitate payments. READ MORE: HSBC announces increase to interest rate across its savings accounts After Mary sent some money, she said she wouldn’t be able to afford any more, but it was at this point Bill began to pressure her to take out a loan. A nervous Mary mentioned this to a family member, and it was at this point the scam began to unravel. Mary’s daughter-in-law convinced her she had been the victim of a romance scam, but it was already too late - Mary had lost a staggering £14,500. Bill was an identity fabricated by scammers, likely using pictures of an innocent party. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Stories about a locked bank account and a medical emergency were also fake, as these are common scam tactics deployed by fraudsters looking to play on the emotions of their victims. Liz Ziegler, fraud prevention director at Lloyds Bank, said: “The convincing lies told by fraudsters mean that while romance scam victims think they are falling in love, they’re actually falling for a scam. As well as losing thousands of pounds they also have to deal with this emotional betrayal. “The sad truth is there was never any genuine connection, with criminals ruthlessly targeting multiple victims at the same time, and disappearing with the money as soon as they get found out. “If you’ve started an online relationship and the discussion turns to money – regardless of the reason or the amounts involved – then alarm bells should be ringing. “Never send money to people you’ve never met in person, no matter how much you’ve spoken online. Talking to a real-life friend or family member can be a good way to sense check what’s going on.” Lloyds said that on average, victims lost over £8,000, but some can lose much more, and be emotionally damaged as a result of cruel scams.