 Sting, 71, whose real name is Gordon Sumner, made a sensational comment in 1990 about his tantric sex sessions, claiming they lasted seven-hours with his wife Trudie Styler, 69. However, the actor has now clarified that he didn’t fully explain the comment, but noted that he enjoys the interest in his sex life.   The Police singer is a father of six from two different marriages and now a grandfather of seven. Touring with one of his sons, Joe Sumner, who followed his father into music and is now a father himself, Sting spoke to the Sydney Morning Herald as he geared up to take on Australia. The singer addressed the notorious quote, saying that he should have added that the seven hours included dinner and a movie. Rather than becoming uncomfortable with this line of questioning, the musician relishes it, noting that “it’s very healthy” to talk about. READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance  He continued: “We didn’t discuss sex with my parents ever. “I’m fortunate in many, many respects, and having my health at this age is something that I don’t take for granted. “I’ve lost a lot of friends that didn’t make it this far. “And so I appreciate every day as it comes.”  Sting said the “tantric sex” he was specifically talking about is more of a “spiritual act”. He explained: “I don't know any purer and better way of expressing a love for another individual than sharing that wonderful, I call it, 'sacrament.' “I would stand by it. Not seven hours, but the idea.”     In 2011, Sting’s wife Trudie addressed the comments to The Telegraph, labelling them as not much more than a “drunken boast”. She highlighted that the singer, at that time, had been talking about his comment for 21 years, and she believed it “will carry on going until he drops”. However, Trudie called out fellow singer Bob Geldof saying he was to blame for Sting’s bolstering. She explained: “Him and Sting had gone to do an interview with a rock journalist, and the interview turned into a drinking session.  “At one point, the journalist asked how long they could go for, and Geldof said he was a three-minute man, but, as Sting did yoga, he could probably go for hours.” Sting and Trudie got married in over three decades ago, and the couple share four children, Brigitte, 39, Jake, 37, Eliot, 32 and Giacumo, 27. The singer also has two children with actress Frances Tomelty, 74, his first wife, Joseph, 46, an Fuschia, 40. Joseph is currently touring with his father, but Sting noted: “If Joe wasn’t any good, I wouldn’t have him out on tour.” Sting also describes himself now as a “serial grandfather” as his adult children have families of their own.