EastEnders actress Letitia Dean, who plays Sharon Watts on the BBC soap, has wowed fans with her transformation after shrinking by four dress sizes in as many months. The 55-year-old has spent more than two decades playing Sharon, and now fans are raving that she looks her best ever. Her transformation is a far cry from the days when, according to Letitia herself, she was even trolled onset. Speaking on the EastEnders spin-off show Secrets From The Square, she divulged: "I had quite a lot of horrible things said about me. "[For example], 'She's too fat, the other actors complain they can't fit on the same set with her.'" Yet now her look has Twitter users desperate to know what her weight loss secret is. READ NOW: Rod Stewart won't perform at King's coronation as wife works the event @mjolnirthegreat exclaimed: "I'm watching #EastEnders for the first time since x-mas 2021. She's half the woman she was back then." @lisanorfolk was equally admiring, adding: "How did #letitiadean lose all that weight, she looks bl***y amazing. I need advice or a free personal trainer!" It has been claimed that she has lost a further two stone since her initial signs of weight loss last year, while numerous fans declared that they needed to go on "the Letitia Dean diet" themselves. Weight is something that the star, who won last year's Outstanding Achievement Award at the British Soap Awards, has often struggled to control. It's been 15 years since she released her famous fitness DVD, Letitia Dean's Lean Routine. She had been helped in her initial weight loss journey by a personal trainer who'd also worked with her Eastenders co-stars Charlie Brooks and Natalie Cassidy. The DVD shared photos of her at both a size 16 and a size 6, to show how she'd successfully shed the pounds. In 2009, the year after it was released, she explained her struggles to the Daily Record. DON'T MISS... John Torode enjoys working with wife Lisa as she's 'quite attractive' LATEST] Bob Mortimer shares agony over painful autoimmune disease flare up [HEALTH] Ashley Roberts captivates in red dress as she dares to go braless [PICTURES] "I'd go on fad diets like Atkins or I'd only eat eggs. The effect was great, even if my breath did smell foul," she joked. "I'd lose a stone in a couple of weeks, but gradually I'd slip back into my old ways and put it all on again." However, now her weight loss results are better than ever before, and on top of that, the star found that her energy levels soared after she kicked her junk food habit. A previous article on Express.co.uk says that she was aided by healthy, protein-filled food such as grilled chicken, and wasn't even forced to ditch carbs. Divulging some of her healthy eating secrets, she explained that one of her favourite meals is "pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast and lots of greens". Meanwhile, camera angles also play a part in how Letitia is perceived. The actress, who first arrived on Albert Square as a teenager back in the 1980s, has insisted that certain angles make her look larger. "My legs are quite slim, but a lot of my shots are from the waist up," she explained to the Mirror. She also suggested that she wouldn't be taking her weight loss ambitions to extremes, reasoning: "There are pluses for having a bit of flesh on the bones, particularly on the face - it stops you wrinkling."