The UK faces a bitter Arctic freeze later this month according to the latest weather charts. Forecast maps on WXCharts show snow showers reaching the UK next Sunday. The long-term forecast predicts torrential rain turning to snow across the country until at least Thursday, February 16. More than a centimetre of snow could fall per hour during this wintry weather, per the latest WXCharts forecast. This could see blizzard-like conditions blanketing parts of the UK. The heavy snow showers are expected to dominate northern England, Scotland, the Midlands, and the South East. Earlier charts showed a 50 to 70 percent chance of snowfall in northern parts of England on Tuesday and Wednesday while an 80 to 90 percent chance of snow hitting Scotland. JUST IN: Nicola Bulley's sister claims 'no evidence' she fell in river  The likeliness of snow in southern parts remains lower with a 20 percent chance. However, the snow is not expected to settle in much of the country except for Scotland. Scotland, which could see five centimetres of snow next Sunday, is set to face depths of up to 20cm by February 19. Meanwhile, there are warnings over an immediate cold snap this weekend.  The forecasts have prompted the UK Health Security Agency to issue a cold weather warning for England. The Met Office warned that a cold snap will hit England between 6pm on Sunday and 6pm on Tuesday, leading temperatures to fall to -3C in rural areas. The UKHSA is advising that vulnerable people be checked in. DON'T MISS: Buoyant Boris is right to reject gloomy outlook [EXPRESS COMMENT]Staggering 91% of readers agree Tories have made a ‘mess’ of Brexit [POLL]Meghan and Harry set for new 'fun' Netflix series after damaging Firm [LIVE BLOG]  Older people and those with underlying health conditions have been urged to keep their heating on at least 18C. While all regions of England would be affected, forecasters said they expected the West Midlands and the Welsh borders to be the coldest. The Met Office added that this weekend, "as a cold front pushes southwards the freezing level will drop, meaning some hill snow is likely over Scotland later on". The weather agency tweeted: "A plunge of dangerously cold air is moving into parts of Canada and the northeast USA "This temperature contrast will strengthen and buckle the jet stream - and allow an unusually intense area of high pressure to form close to the UK by Sunday." 