During Tuesday night's Emmerdale, Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) and Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) were preparing for the opening of the B&B. Although, Bob and his daughter Cathy's (Gabrielle Dowling) relationship hit a breaking point after the teenager had another outburst. Cathy was left fuming that Bob didn't want her at the opening of the B&B, and things were made even worse when she knocked over the special cake Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) had baked. Towards the end of the episode, Cathy had a breakdown and broke down in tears following a blazing row with Bob. "I am on red alert most of the time," Bob shouted. "Scared of what's going to upset you or make you lose your temper next. "And you know, you can't hide behind your periods for everything." READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue "What is that supposed to mean?" Cathy sobbed as Bob replied: "You have always been feisty. "Ever since you were little, far feistier than Heath. You are your mother's daughter, and her mood swings were legendary." "Well, lucky for you I don't want to come to your stupid opening if you paid me £100," Cathy fired back. "Well, that suits me just fine because at least that way the rest of us might actually get to enjoy ourselves," Bob screamed. "Thanks, dad for making me feel great about myself," Cathy said as she burst into tears. Bob tried to make amends with his daughter, but she wasn't having any of it and shouted at him to leave her alone. Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts on Cathy's storyline. Many seem to think her heavy periods are not the real reason for her mood swings. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as fans plead for 'irritating' character to go [SPOILERS]Dan Walker's replacement pays tribute to co-star after hospital dash [VIDEO] Others believe Cathy could end up attacking her father in a sinister twist. Jackie Clarkson shared: "I wonder if there's something more than just heavy periods behind Cathy's ridiculous behaviour."  Maria McCann tweeted: "This can't be just periods FFS! #Cathy #emmerdale." (sic) While Ben Powell theorised: "I thought Cathy was actually going to attack Bob then, cud it be leading up to this? She’s wild! #emmerdale." "Cathy go on a killing spree! You will feel sooooo much better," Doreen Morfitt penned. (sic) "Cathy's issues seem more #Pmdd than normal #pms. I used to fly off the handle like that at the drop of a hat. "Period, ovulation, any hormonal changes and I was a mess. #Emmerdale," @EbonyWan commented. While Jordan Phelps pleaded: "Get lost, Cathy and Bernice!! #Emmerdale." Is there more to Cathy's health than she is letting on? And if so, could an exit be on the cards for the teenager? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.