A nine-year-old crossbreed is a shy but sweet pup who craves contact and companionship and loves nothing more than snuggling up on a sofa. However, poor Charlie longs for a home to call his own, after spending more than 500 days in kennels at an RSPCA rescue centre. Charlie arrived at RSPCA Brent Knoll Animal Centre in Somerset back in September 2021 and since then has been waiting patiently to find his forever home. “It's safe to say that this boy is a special lad and is the team’s favourite," said Andy Cook, Behaviour & Welfare Advisor at RSPCA North Somerset Branch. "He is loving life at RSPCA Brent Knoll Animal Centre and joins the team every morning for tea break. However, as much as we all adore Charlie, we would love nothing better than to see him in a wonderful new home. He’s such a playful and affectionate dog who deserves to find his special place in someone’s heart and home. “We can’t understand why he’s not yet been adopted and really hope that someone out there will give this gorgeous rescue dog the second chance he needs.” He came into the rescue shelter after living in a home where there was domestic abuse and confrontation and because of this can be worried by unfamiliar people, especially men, but once he gets to know you, he loves being around his human friends. Alongside cuddles and snuggles, playful Charlie also enjoys ragger and squeaky toys, as well as running around with zoomies and rolling around on the floor with his toys.   His ideal home would be an adult only home, the charity explain, or a home with older children of secondary school age. He is also looking for an experienced owner who can help with his anxieties and give him a chance to build his confidence. Charlie is anxious around dogs so would like to enjoy a life where he can be exercised away from other dogs. To find out more about Charlie and what he needs in his forever home, please see his profile. To find out more about other rescue animals looking for homes, please visit the RSPCA Find-a-pet website: https://www.rspca.org.uk/findapet  To help the RSPCA continue rescuing, rehabilitating and rehoming animals in desperate need of care please visit our website or call our donation line on 0300 123 8181.