Recently, the Chancellor announced a raft of tax allowances would be frozen for another two years - up until 2028. This includes the Pension Lifetime Allowance (LTA), which puts a limit on how much a person can save into their pension while benefitting from tax relief across their lifetime. At present, the LTA is £1,073,100, which appears high, however, experts have argued many people will inadvertently find themselves dragged over the limit, particularly as it is frozen. If the limit is breached, Britons could find themselves subject to a 55 percent tax bill, which many people will be keen to avoid. However, higher numbers of people will be subject to this tax as inflation remains high, and due to investment growth over time. Rona Train, partner at Hymans Robertson LLP, told Express.co.uk: “Freezing the Pensions Lifetime Allowance until 2026 in last year’s Budget was simply a kneejerk reaction by the Chancellor for short term financial gain. READ MORE: Interest rates rise for 10th time to 4% as Bank of England acts “It came just three years after the Government committed to increase it in line with inflation.” In his Autumn Statement, Mr Hunt explained “difficult decisions” would have to be made on tax allowances. However, he argued this still left Britons with the “most generous set of tax-free allowances of any G7 country”. But it is the continued existence of the LTA which proves a sticking point for some experts. DON'T MISSPensioners at risk of paying tax on retirement income [INSIGHT]Older pensioners set to get £2,500 less despite triple lock rise [ANALYSIS]Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' [LATEST] Previously, Stephen Lowe, director at retirement specialist Just Group, described the LTA as a “brutal tax” which could confuse millions of people. He told Express.co.uk: “It means people can be punished simply because their investments have performed well. “Trying to navigate this complex pension tax rule is not for the faint-hearted. Quite frankly, it is beyond most people’s capabilities.” The LTA is not the only taxation issue Britons will have to consider when it comes to pension saving. READ MORE: Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise Ms Train also issued a warning about the money purchase annual allowance, which she argued is of “much more concern”. If a person starts to take money from their pension, the amount they can contribute while still getting tax relief might reduce. For most people, the total amount that can be contributed to a pension each tax year which they will receive tax relief on is £40,000. However, if the MPAA is triggered, this reduces to £4,000, in what is effectively a 90 percent savings penalty. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ms Train added: “We’re already starting to find people who have accessed part of their pension savings and continued to work being hit with big tax bills as they were not fully aware of the restriction. “The MPAA was originally put in place to stop people taking money out of their pension and then re-cycling it back in with tax relief. “But instead, at the moment anyway, it’s often hitting people who are taking money out of their pension to pay bills. “As it stands, it’s ticking timebomb in tax for many.” An HM Treasury spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The lifetime allowance was frozen to ensure the sustainability of the public finances and the current threshold means savers can put over £1million into their pension completely tax-free.”