A flight attendant named Cierra has shared her useful advice on what to do before you board an airplane to make your travels simpler and more enjoyable. Cierra shared her insider information with her 3 million followers on her TikTok account @cierra_mistt.    Cierra began her video and said she was about to share advice that she will “forever use” which she has learned from being a flight attendant. Her “number one” tip is that your should make sure you have your own snacks whenever you get on a plane. She said: “You never know whenever you’re going to have a huge delay when flight attendants are instructed to not hand out snacks or drinks until a certain amount of time has passed.” Cierra also said that carrying your own snacks is especially important if you are not travelling very far. She explained: “On some flights, especially the shorter ones, it is at the flight attendant's discretion if they want to provide a service or not.” READ MORE: Flight attendant says hotel guests should use sign method to stay safe    The flight attendant’s second piece of advice is to “always” go to the bathroom before boarding a flight or at least wait until the plane. Cierra added: “Or at the very least, wait until you are up in the air before you get out of your seat before you go to the bathroom.” Cierra said she had some “very important” reasons for giving out this advice. She explained: “Flight attendants are doing a hundred thousand things while everyone else is boarding so you don’t really want to get in the way of passengers and their seats plus flight attendants and what they are supposed to be doing.” She also added: “Once everyone is boarded it is the flight attendant's responsibility to do a passenger count and make sure everyone is in their seats. If you are in the bathroom, we can not really do that.” DON'T MISS:Flight attendant shares ‘travel essentials’ packing list [REPORT]Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant  [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares ‘genius’ way to avoid overweight baggage  [REVEAL]    Cierra’s most controversial advice for those travelling is to not take your footwear off while on board a plane. The flight attendant empathised: “For the love of baby Jesus, please keep your shoes on!” The flight attendant then showed some pictures of passengers who had taken their shoes and socks off while flying. In some of the pictures, some people had their feet on the ground but others had their feet stretched out on the armrest of the chair in front of them. Cierra's piece of advice proved controversial in the comment section for Cierra’svideo as many people disagreed with her. One person said: “But when you are in the air you feet swell up because of the pressure in the cabin”. Another wrote: “My shoes are definitely off while flying.”   Some people compromised and said shoes were okay to take off, as long as you keep your socks on. One user wrote: “I take my shoes off for maximum comfort, but walking around in your bare feet on a plane is disgusting.” Another person said: “I take my shoes off but I always have extra socks to change into. I also never walk around barefoot.” Some argued in the comment section and said they would resort to confrontation if sat next to someone who took both their shoes and socks off. One person asked: “How much trouble would I get in if, theoretically, if I sprayed someone's feet with a spray bottle because they had their bare feet next to me?”   