Lawns are prone to weeds such as clover, daisies, creeping buttercups and dandelions. After a long, wet winter it’s likely lawns will be strewn with weeds as they like warm, damp conditions. While weeds are great for biodiversity, they can compete with other plants and can use up your lawn’s food supply. Grass needs a high supply of nitrogen, nutrients and potassium for good growth. The presence of weeds will take some of that nutrients away making your lawn more vulnerable to disease. With this in mind, Fiona Jenkins at Myjobquote.co.uk, the UK’s leading trades matching site, has shared her advice exclusively with Express.co.uk for eradicating weeds and repairing a diseased lawn. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ Fiona said the “best way” to banish lawn weeds is to keep on top of your mowing schedule. She said: “Weeds are very common on lawns, and they can be quite a nuisance. “Like other plants and flowers, weeds tend to flourish in wet, warm weather. “So if your garden is in bloom, there’s a good chance the lawn will start to bloom with weeds. DON'T MISS‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [INSIGHT]3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value [UPDATE]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [ANALYSIS] “One of the best ways to rid your lawn of weeds is to keep on top of mowing it. “Cut the grass once each week during the spring and summer months to prevent weeds from taking hold and spreading seeds. “If your lawn is quite overrun with weeds, it would be a good idea to treat the area with a natural herbicide.” Signs of lawn disease include brown patches, slimy patches of grass, a film covering the grass and patches on blades of grass. READ MORE: Avoid 'brittle' grass with easy measures to 'restore' a damaged lawn Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some types of lawn diseases will only affect the blade and crown of the grass while the root area remains unaffected. If this is the case, the lawn will usually recover, especially if it is properly maintained. If you believe your lawn is affected by one of these types of diseases, Fiona suggested taking the following steps: 1. Rake out the dead or damaged parts with a rake or scarifier. 2. Spike these areas to a depth of around three to six inches to help relieve some of the compaction. 3. Apply the relevant lawn seed at the recommended amount. 4. Spread over the area with a thin layer of top dressing to help protect the seeds. 5. Keep the area well-watered until the seeds have germinated.