The dispute began over local parking challenges. The house has no driveway and sits on a busy road, one where locals can find it difficult to park their cars near their homes. Due to these difficulties, the mum took the decision to charge rent a third below market value, reports the Liverpool Echo. Despite the low rent, the tenant pushed ahead in their attempt to convert the front garden of the property into a parking space. Searching for answers and help, the mum took to Mumsnet on January 28 to try and find some answers. READ MORE: Boy playing hide and seek found six days later in a different country  She wrote: “We rent this [property] through an agency who have spoken to us a few times about putting in a parking area and we have said no. Last September, our tenant emailed me directly and asked me when the work was going to start. I forwarded it to the agents and told them to speak to the tenants. “Last November the tenants emailed me again asking about the work and said they would be looking to pay a reduced rent until the work is done. Again, I forwarded it to the agents for them to deal with. “Today I got another email telling me if the work is not done in three months they have the 'legal' right to get their own company to do the work and charge us afterward.” The Mum added that she had forwarded the email to her agents who attempted to contact the tenants who were ignoring them. The mum confirmed to the Echo that the tenant had never been promised parking spaces and that she would not change her mind about the existence of the garden. She added that she was still the sole owner of the property, but remained concerned by the threats. The mum added: “I have sent the tenant an email making it clear that the house does not come with a parking space and the rent reflects this, and that I have seen emails from the agent explaining this to them. “I have made it very clear to them that no work will be undertaken or considered, and they do not have permission to do any work themselves. “I am going to wait and see how they respond but I think the next step is to get rid if they won't accept what I have said.” The hope is that a resolution to the dispute will be found.