Former Loose Women panellist India Willoughby has defended herself after her appearance on the programme. The 57-year-old was watching Fiona Bruce alongside Jenny Gilruth, John Lamont, Ian Murray and journalist Ella Whelan. During the Question Time debate surrounding trans women prisoners, one audience member received a huge round of applause when she insisted "you can’t change sex". The audience member suggested those who have lived as women and undergone gender reassignment surgery should not be allowed in female single-sex spaces. She was heard saying: "We don’t allow men into female spaces for good reason. "There are good men and there are predatory men, we should not allow trans into female spaces. "There are good trans and there are predatory trans and that’s a fact. Women and children have to be safe." READ MORE: Roger Federer 'in advanced talks' to join BBC Wimbledon coverage India then compared the remarks to conversations "in the 1970s about black people". Scottish Conservative Party MP John Lamont was applauded for saying the government didn’t feel as though "necessary safeguards" were in place to block trans women from entering female prisons. Journalist Ella Whelan was met with cheers when she said: "It’s remarkable to me that politicians in Scotland and England have given up the belief in reality that sex is real and that it is irrefutable." After the episode, the TV star tweeted: "Lynch mob. Felt like I was at a hanging! Mine! "Trans people are amazing (I know – biased) and it was disappointing to feel that mood in the air. "1970s audience bar a few exceptions! Did my best – love you all." She also shared a video saying: "In a perverse way it’s worked in my favour because the pubic has seen the gender critical movement is all about. "I thought it would be a reasoned debate and actually all they’ve got is insults and tormenting people bullying people. DON'T MISS... BBC QT audience erupts in laughter after Fiona Bruce's NHS quip BBC urged to investigate claims Dominic Raab 'swore at staff member' Happy Valley star resisted auditioning for 'terrifying' role "I’m not going to be bullied and I know the rest of the trans community are not going to be bullied, we’ve done nothing wrong." She said she was "really disappointed" in the Labour representative Murray for just "sitting back and allowing it to happen". "I can’t imagine any other minority being talked about in that way and everyone just sitting back and letting it take place," she added. Fans on social media took to the comments to applaud her for speaking out and standing up for her views. In another video, she thanked fans for their support saying that after Question Time she felt like "absolute s***". She added: "I actually switched my phone off because I thought, Twitter is going to be horrific, a nightmare. "Then I went on Twitter and fearing the worst and you wonderful people have shown me so much love and it's not what I was expecting. "I just want to say thank you." The newsreader and presenter is Britain's first transgender national television newsreader and the first transgender co-host of Loose Women. Willoughby left GB News in June 2021 after accusing the broadcaster of "demonising transgender people".  Question Time airs Thursdays from 8pm on BBC iPlayer and 10.35pm on BBC One.