Qatar face three hurdles as they look to buy Manchester United and oust the Glazers, according to reports. The Red Devils could soon have new owners at Old Trafford. And that’s music to the ears of fans who have long called on the Americans to pack their bags and leave the club. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005, with the Americans becoming polarising figures at the club in the years that have followed. And according to the Daily Mail, Qatar are interested in ousting the controversial family at Old Trafford. They’re supposedly willing to give Erik ten Hag the transfer backing he needs to ensure the club dethrone fierce rivals Manchester City in order to become the country’s dominant force once again. A source is quoted as saying: “There are significant funds available. “These people are serious. They want to make sure that United are where they should be and they are confident theirs will be the strongest bid. “They want to strengthen the squad to put them back at the top but they also want this to be for the good of the community. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “They also want to build on the success of the World Cup. “They recognise that Manchester United is the biggest football club in the world, the crown jewels, and there is a steely-minded determination to buy it and get it to where it should be.” However, the report says Qatar face three potential obstacles when it comes to buying United. One is that the Qatar Sports Investments’ ownership of Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain. A single entity can’t own two clubs in the same competition - which would be an issue should United, as expected, return to the Champions League next season. One way that is likely to be overcome, however, is the fact that different individuals are involved in the process. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Separate investors are believed to be interested in United than those that currently occupy the power positions at PSG. The Premier League themselves may provide to be a stumbling block, too. Any takeover would need approval from the top flight as they look to be tougher on how football clubs are governed. And a third obstacle would be concerns over the country’s human rights record. Newcastle faced much backlash when they were purchased by a Saudi Arabian consortium at the end of 2021. And whether United are finally able to rid themselves of the Glazers, after nearly two long decades under their rule, remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Another candidate to buy United is Sir Jim Ratcliffe. The INEOS owner previously missed out on purchasing Chelsea last year, with Todd Boehly winning that battle instead. Ratcliffe is undeterred, however, and wants to buy United - having long been a supporter of the club. And former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, speaking recently to Football Insider, thinks the 70-year-old would be the perfect owner for Ten Hag to work under. “I think Erik ten Hag is there for the long haul,” he said. “He has got a bit of Fergie in him. He is not scared to drop people, he is not scared to say what he thinks and that can only be good for the club. “All you want to chairman to do is support the manager. Run the club but support the manager. “I think that could be a match made in heaving Jim Ratcliffe and Erik ten Hag.“ And McAvennie has previously said of Ratcliffe and the Glazers: “I do not think there is anyone who does not want that family out. “From the supporters right through to the players I do not think there is anyone. They have made shambles after shambles after shambles, mistake after mistake after mistake. “It is smoke and mirrors, they have not done anything. “I think Ratcliffe is no fool, he will not pay over the top for it. I think he is a Man United supporter, what a result that is. “He has got more money than sense but if you are going to buy a club Man United is certainly the club to buy."