Without our support, Russian dictator Vladimir Putin might long ago have crushed the country’s independence. However, the conflict is far from over. It is clear that Putin cares little for the lives of the Russian soldiers he is sending to their deaths, never mind the Ukrainian combatants and civilians paying the price for his cruelty. He is unwilling to admit defeat and cannot yet be forced to do so. This is why Mr Zelensky is appealing for tanks and, in particular, planes to bolster Ukraine’s defences. He argues that these “wings for freedom” are vital if the tyrant’s forces are to be driven back into their own country. It is perhaps no surprise that former PM Boris Johnson is urging the Government to listen. He was steadfast in his support for Ukraine when the invasion began, and with hindsight, it is clear he was right. He is right again today. Ukrainians are fighting not just for their own freedom, important though that is. They are fighting for the principle that a sovereign country with internationally recognised borders cannot be destroyed or turned into a puppet state by an aggressive neighbour, here in Europe. It really is our fight too. It is distressing to witness the suffering caused by devastating earthquakes in Turkey and Syria, but we know Express readers will not want to look away. The Disasters Emergency Committee launched an appeal for funds today, with donations matched by the Government, and the money raised will save lives. Survivors face freezing conditions and need aid. They require medicine, emergency shelter, food and clean water. Everyone should back this drive to support those who urgently need our help. A Midsummer Night’s Dream features the king and queen of the fairies and a man with the head of a donkey, among other delights. William Shakespeare’s masterpiece has enthralled audiences for generations, but with grim predictability it has upset today’s woke warriors who slapped a so-called “trigger warning” on his fantasy creations. An apt response is found within the play itself, as mischievous sprite Puck declares: “Lord, what fools these mortals be!”