Netflix’s newest dating show Perfect Match premiered on Valentine’s Day with 10 singles hoping to find love. Although romance is the premise of the reality show, contestant Chloe Veitch revealed she wasn’t told this before production began.  Perfect Match sees the return of popular Netflix reality stars most recognised from hit shows such as Too Hot To Handle, The Circle and Love is Blind. The group of 10 singles were placed in a sunny villa where they had to pair up to survive both challenges and temptations to gain the title of the perfect match. Among the stars was Chloe Veitch who rose to popularity after her appearance on season one of Too Hot To Handle and The Circle’s second season. Although she made a lasting impression on viewers and her co-stars, the 23-year-old revealed she didn’t know Perfect Match was a dating show.  READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain  Chloe shared: “I literally broke my finger a few weeks before going on the show. “I thought, ‘I do not want to go on here if it’s a strenuous competition show’. “Thank God it wasn’t. More emotionally scarring.” The other contestants also agreed they didn’t realise they were going to be on a dating show. Francesca Farago added: “I don’t think any of us knew it was a competition until we got there.”   Speaking to Showbiz Cheat Sheet, Anne-Sophie Petit-Frere chimed: “We knew it was a competition, but we didn’t understand what kind of competition. “To me, it just meant, like, physical competition I thought we were going to do strenuous activities with a couple to find out if they were our perfect match.” “But I didn’t imagine this intensity,” she admitted. Although things started off fun, the gravity of the show kicked in when host Nick Lachey arrived to detail the rules. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [INSIGHT]Perfect Match fans fume at Netflix after star exits dating series [REACTION] Love Is Blind and Too Hot to Handle star will appear in Perfect Match [INSIGHT] In order to find their perfect match, the cast members must couple up with someone else each night to secure their place on the show for the following day. Things began to heat up as the playing board began to change once each couple won a compatibility challenge. The winners would then head to the boardroom and choose which pairing they wanted to shake up. They would do this by sending a coupled-up individual on a date with a newcomer.  In the end, the contestants would then anonymously vote on which couple they considered the perfect match. After episode four, Savannah Palacio and Anne-Sophie were eliminated after they failed to find someone to couple up with. By the end of part one, the matches were Francesca and Dom, Joey and Kariselle, Chase and Georgia Nick and Ines, Izzy and Shayne.  Perfect Match is available to stream on Netflix. 