The parents of a superfit 20-year-old killed by a fleshing-eating bug misdiagnosed as tonsillitis have blamed doctors for a "catalogue of errors" they claim led to their son’s death. Luke Abrahams, 20, felt unwell last month and complained of a raging throat and visited his GP, who prescribed antibiotics. Days later, the railway engineer and keen amateur footballer began to feel worse with pains in his legs and his worried parents took him to hospital. He was sent home but his condition worsened until he begged his parents to call 999 saying he "couldn't take the pain" any longer. He was, rushed into surgery at Northampton General Hospital but died on the operating table on January 23. A post mortem examination showed he had been suffering from septicaemia, Lemierre syndrome – a form of bacterial infection, and necrotising fasciitis, known as the flesh-eating disease. Devastated mum and dad Richard Abrahams, 60, and Julie Needham, 49, who also have a younger son Jake, 16, are now considering suing the NHS, claiming medics missed a string of opportunities to potentially save their son. Mr Abrahams, a manager at Currys, said: “No one has taken any responsibility over his death. When he first went to the doctors and then started complaining about a pain in his leg, he should have been given more tests. “What is the point of over the phone consultations with the doctor? Doctors need to see you in person to give a correct diagnosis and that is why he was misdiagnosed. In the end he was an emergency case, but they did not see that as they thought he just had tonsillitis and sciatica. “I can’t say whether he would definitely be here now, but they cut corners and misdiagnosed him. Whichever way you look at it, none of the healthcare providers did their job properly. We’re just left with ‘what ifs’.” Luke Abrahams was initially diagnosed with tonsillitis after calling his GP at Penvale Medical Centre, East Hunsbury, Northants, on January 15. Two days later he still felt unwell so Luke phoned his GP but couldn’t get through and when no one called him back he dialled 111 The operator advised Luke to go to A&E where he was told he would be put on an intravenous drip. However, his family say this never happened and Luke left the hospital without receiving treatment. The next day, Luke woke up with a pain in his leg which lasted through the night The family called 111 again and a doctor conducted a Zoom call consultation where he diagnosed Luke with sciatica and prescribed him naproxen – a strong painkiller. A day later Luke’s leg pain had become worse and spread to his left buttock, leaving him unable to get out of bed. Julie called 999 and insisted Luke’s condition was critical, begging them to send an ambulance which was refused. JUST IN: Iran 'posing threat to British public’, warns broadcaster Despite calling Penvale Medical Centre to organise transport to take him to A&E, she says no one called her back. Julie said: “I was feeling hopeless as I couldn’t get my son out of bed to take him to A&E and just needed help. No one was offering the support and Luke was in a critical condition.” An ambulance eventually arrived at the family’s home but paramedics suggested his high heart rate and temperature was down to him fighting an infection. Two days later, on January 22, Luke told his mum, “I can’t take the pain anymore” and the family called 111 again who sent an ambulance. Julie added: “They took him into hospital for further checks and that was it, we got a call at 1am from Luke saying ‘can you come down, they want to see you,’ and that's when we were told he has a 50/50 chance of survival. “The doctors said he's really poorly, he's got this bacterial eating infection and it's a life-threatening situation. We were shocked but thought to ourselves, 'they can save him', we put our trust in them. “They said this is a life-threatening operation and we might have to amputate his leg. They amputated his leg but said he was too far gone. I think Luke knew he was going to die after what he said on the operating table. DON'T MISSBiden mentally fit to be POTUS but physician reveals one problem [REPORT]Man froze to death after being put in prison freezer as 'punishment' [PICTURED]Sunak warned by Eurosceptics as he takes surprise Belfast trip [ANALYSIS] “He said, 'Dad, I'll be okay, you take care of Jake and mum'. That's when I felt he knew he was going to die. Luke was trying to protect us because that's Luke. “We watched 20 people working on him in theatre and he didn't pull through." The couple have launched a legal bid following his death. Mr Abrahams added: “Me and Julie were meant to be getting married this year and Luke was going to be the best man and it just so heart breaking that he won’t be there to do that. We are not going to stop fighting this case and want answers. “I don’t want the condolences, I want answers. It's a catalogue of errors. No one's going to bring him back but I want these people punished. I'm not taking any of that, 'we'll learn from our mistakes', there's too much of that going on, someone should have taken him in for a proper test. “I hope they feel guilty about all this. We're grieving parents. I don't want to see any more grieving parents." A spokesperson for Integrated Care Northamptonshire said: “On behalf of the NHS in Northamptonshire, we wish to express our sincere condolences to the family and our thoughts are with them at this very difficult time. All providers are reviewing the care and treatment provided in this case and until such time as their reviews are completed, it would not be appropriate to comment further.”