Wu Yibing made tennis history this weekend as he became the first Chinese man to win an ATP Tour title at the Dallas Open. The 23-year-old defeated the likes of world No 7 Taylor Fritz en route to the final where he saved four championship points to down John Isner and lift the trophy, and he has now set a new rankings record as a result. Wu enjoyed a history-making run at last week’s Dallas Open, achieving a number of milestones for Chinese tennis en route to the trophy. As well as becoming the first Chinese man to win a title, he was also the first in the Open Era to reach a final at tour level and the first to beat a top 10 player, as he dissipated world No 7 Taylor Fritz in the semi-final. And the 23-year-old continues to put his name in the history books for Chinese tennis after jumping a staggering 39 places in the ATP rankings as a result of his win, making him the new world No 58. It means that Wu is now the highest-ranked Chinese player in ATP history. The new top 60 player is well aware of what he achieved, as he explained what it meant during Sunday’s trophy ceremony after he saved four championship points to beat former world No 8 Isner in a rollercoaster final 6-7(4) 7-6(3) 7-6(12). “I made history here for my country and for my home,” Wu said afterwards. JUST IN: Serena Williams expecting to cry at Super Bowl LVII clash   “I’m very proud of myself and especially thanks to all the fans and my team who came here to support. I couldn’t do this without any of you guys.” Wu later explained the significance of his week in Dallas during an interview with the ATP, saying: “I feel happy. “It’s not only about winning the title. It’s more about me personally making history, also for the country. It’s huge for the next generation. For me, I need to keep going, keep my body healthy and I’m sure there’s more to come.” Isner - who fired down 44 aces during the two-hour-and-58-minute final - shared his disappointment after the match as he explained what made Wu’s game so difficult, with the Chinese star also beating the third and eighth seeds in Denis Shapovalov and Adrian Mannarino earlier in the week. “It’s a tough one to lose,” he said afterwards. DON'T MISSDjokovic can end six-year Federer drought if he plays Indian WellsFederer sparks theories among fans with ATP yet to confirm retirementAlcaraz gears up for comeback as he teases fans with return imminent “I don’t know how many match points I had, I’m sure it’s a lot. I swear I thought I won the match a few times. I know he hit one ball… It had to be [on] the back sixteenth of the line on one of the points… Sports can be brutal. I had match point in the second set too.” Praising Wu, he added: “It’s like he plays every point the same, so definitely no nerves. He gets a ball to hit, he hits it, and on this court it’s hard to hit him a shot he is uncomfortable with… He is an unbelievable ball striker and a very good talent.” 