Chelsea head coach Graham Potter may find himself under pressure after a dismal run of form on the pitch. But it is clear that he still maintains the backing of the majority of the fanbase to turn their fortunes around after a planned protest calling for his sacking failed to generate any support. The 48-year-old has won only two of his last 14 Premier League games and that run has seen Chelsea slide from contention for a top-four place to 10th in the Premier League behind fellow west London sides Fulham and Brentford. Potter has also overseen a January transfer window spend of £323million with eight new signings arriving at the club in the space of a month. But so far, the reinforcements are yet to make much a splash as their goal struggles continue on the pitch. But he has been given some respite in that he apparently still has the fans on his side, at least for the most part, after one fan's attempts to make their opposition clear with a protest outside Stamford Bridge fell on deaf ears. READ MORE: Todd Boehly 'spying' on Graham Potter and Chelsea coaches A social media titled '#PotterOut Protest' emerged last week, with a Chelsea fan encouraged others on Twitter to join them in registering their disapproval about Potter's management. The tweet, attached with an image of Potter's face, said: "Today. 5pm. Stamford Gate. Be there. #PotterOut #WeWantOurChelseaBack #ThisisnotChels." The protest was held on Wednesday at 5pm and it initially appeared to have gathered some momentum on social media, having been viewed nearly 300,000 times. But, according to the Twitter user, not one person turned up when they made their way to Stamford Bridge shortly before the earmarked time for the protest. While it appears Chelsea fans are behind Potter for now, the former Brighton boss admitted he could not deny there is strong opposition to him keeping his job. Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are prepared to continue backing the manager they appointed in September, despite the fact Potter and his players were booed off following the 1-0 defeat to Southampton last Saturday. The Blues have hit just four goals in their last 10 matches and failed to score in three of their last four league matches, with only 23 goals this season. Potter still has time left to turn things around despite the precarious position in the table, with the London derby against Tottenham regarded as a must-win fixture. But he accepts criticism of himself and the players has been warranted after their poor run of form. "After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,’ Potter told reporters after the game. "I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating."