Manchester United have always been a club followed around the world. And the Red Devils have, as a result, picked up many famous admirers along the way. Express Sport now takes a look at those who keep track of Erik ten Hag’s side, who could win a first piece of silverware in six years when they lock horns with Newcastle on Sunday. Let’s start with the most eye-catching name of them all. Kim Jong-Un is the leader of North Korea and is a man who has attracted his fair share of criticism over the years due to the way he runs the country. And The Sun, way back in 2017, revealed Kim was actually a huge fan of United. Of course, he’s never been spotted at Old Trafford over the years. That, without a doubt, would be a bizarre development. But Kim will no doubt be watching on with the rest of the United fanbase as they wait to see what Ten Hag has in store. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Another celebrity fan of the club is Megan Fox, too. The actress, who recently split with rapper Machine Gun Kelly, is known for her roles in Transformers and New Girl. And she was spotted in United’s colours back in 2012, wearing a Red Devils jersey with Javier Hernandez’s name on the back. When it comes to musicians, several names make the list. Rapper Stormzy has always expressed his love of United and infamously was involved in a music video announcing Paul Pogba’s return to the club back in 2016. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Olly Murs and Justin Timberlake are also supporters, with the former also playing at Old Trafford during Soccer Aid in previous years. Boxers Tyson Fury and Floyd Mayweather, too, are big supporters of United. Golf star Roy McIlroy, and Olympic legend Usain Bolt, have visited Old Trafford over the years as well. Wrestler Rey Mysterio met Jose Mourinho and other members of the United squad back in 2018, during the club’s pre-season tour of the United States. He even wore his famous mask while posing with Mourinho, as well as sporting a United shirt. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here UFC star Conor McGregor is another sporting star who follows United, having previously joked about buying the club. While the Glazers are open to a sale, however, the Irishman didn’t make an offer before Friday’s deadline. On the small screen, Lancashire-born actor Steve Coogan has previously admitted to being a ‘weekend United fan’. And James Nesbitt is a regular at Old Trafford, with the 58-year-old appearing in over 40 tv shows, films and plays during the course of his career. Former This Morning host Eamonn Holmes also makes the cut. And the same can be said of the likes of Kym Marsh and Ulrikka Jonsson, too, despite the latter previously dating ex-Manchester City boss Sven Goran-Erikssen. All of the celebrities on the list, perhaps barring Kim given the work involved of being North Korea leader, will no doubt be watching United when they lock horns with Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday (4.30pm). And whether the Red Devils can finally win a trophy, after six long years, remains to be seen.