Boxing fans have reacted to the announcement that Anthony Joshua will face Jermaine Franklin for his comeback fight – and many aren’t happy. One punter even branded the contest a ‘nothing fight’ and said that AJ was ‘wasting people’s time and money’. Joshua has lost three out of his last four bouts and so is set to take a step down in competition in order to rebuild some momentum against the American. Franklin (21-1) last fought in November in a losing effort against Dillian Whyte but earned plaudits for taking the Brit down to the wire after being widely written off by critics. Joshua (27-3) had the option to face either Otto Wallin, Demsey McKean, or Franklin and went with the latter. Providing all goes well against Franklin, he is expected to box Whyte in June followed by a blockbuster showdown against Tyson Fury or Deontay Wilder to close out the year. Despite an exciting year ahead, some fans aren’t best pleased with the first bout of the three-fight plan and have taken aim. “An absolutely nothing fight. Wasting people's time and money,” tweeted @BroadhurstMM. “The money machine is being protected - I remember when boxers were boxers,” added @dino_saw19. Meanwhile, another disappointed fan (@qasimasad10352) wrote: “2 fighters coming of loss are facing each other, should be the headline. What will this do for AJ even if he beats a guy who’s already got beat? Why couldn’t he have faced a similar level fighter who was on a winning streak, Otta Wallin or even a fight against Dillian.” Not everyone agrees though and there have been just as many supporters that have defended the match-up. “With all jokes aside Joshua needs a tune-up after losing back-to-back against the pfp fighter,” said @peapeapoopoop. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua under more 'pressure' in next fight as past comment dug up Fury 'loses to 20-year-old' in bid to buy Morecambe football club Joshua is back as Hearn announces heavyweight comeback for April 1 “Solid fight, arguably Franklin should of got the nod against Whyte, he gave him problems. AJ needs a win against a competitive fighter Franklin is certainly that,” wrote @Scribblemilk Joshua will of course come under immense scrutiny as is part in parcel of being one of the biggest names in the sport. However, many great fighters over the years have gone down the same route after losing consecutive contests. Mike Tyson, for example, boxed the relative unknowns Lou Savarese and Orlin Norris en route to his third run at heavyweight gold. It’s also important to note that AJ previously fought in 12 straight world title fights prior to Franklin.