Liverpool suffered another miserable afternoon on Saturday as they were thrashed 3-0 by Wolves in the Premier League. The Reds were second best from start to finish as they ended the day 11 points behind fourth-place Newcastle in the top-flight table. And Express Sport takes a look at five players manager Jurgen Klopp now needs to axe... Trent Alexander-Arnold Trent Alexander-Arnold has carved out a reputation for being one of the most talented attacking defenders in European football. His creativity and technical ability in the final third was instrumental as the Reds won the Champions League in 2019 and the Premier League in 2020. But the 24-year-old’s defensive frailties have reared their ugly head time and time again this season, with the Reds looking all at sea at the back since the campaign got underway. Klopp needs to go back to basics and get his team to defend with energy and desire. And until Alexander-Arnold can provide his side with a more solid platform, Klopp should give someone else a run in the team. Joe Gomez Joe Gomez was a star player for Liverpool during their Premier League title-winning season. But after returning from a serious knee injury, he hasn’t looked the same player. He has done well at times this season but doesn’t offer the presence needed to get the Merseyside giants competing for honours at the top of the table once again. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton    Joel Matip Liverpool have kept just five clean sheets in the Premier League this season. And they currently look rather exposed without the injured Virgil van Dijk at the heart of their defence. In the eight Premier League games between mid-October and the end of December in which Van Dijk played the full 90 minutes, Liverpool conceded seven goals. They’ve conceded six in their last three league matches without him. Joel Matip was on the pitch when all six of those goals hit the back of the net. And the Cameroon international isn’t the answer to Klopp’s problems. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed   Thiago Liverpool are in desperate need of fresh legs and energy in the middle of the pitch, with the ageing Thiago, Fabinho and Jordan Henderson all flattering to deceive this season. Thiago was the only one of those three who started against Wolves, but failed to impact the game in a positive way and could soon find himself having to settle for a place on the bench. Darwin Nunez Darwin Nunez was tipped to have a fine maiden campaign in England after scoring an incredible 34 goals in 41 appearances for Benfica last season. But he was sent off during his first start for Liverpool when his side took on Crystal Palace last August and has flapped in front of goal for much of the season. Nunez has struggled to emulate Sadio Mane in front of goal - and Liverpool are paying the price. 