Benefit claimants are being told to prepare for a variety of changes to their payments this year. Universal Credit is one of the affected benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This particular benefit payment is means-tested which means an applicant’s claim is dependent on their income, savings and capital. A full list of the changes coming to Universal Credit include: As it stands, claimants who are single and under 25 get the standard Universal Credit allowance of £265.31 per month with people over 25 getting £334.91. If claimants live with their partner and they are both under 25, the couple will receive £416.45 a month while those 25 or over get £525.72. Recently announced changes, some of which have already been implemented, will change how people will get paid and the amount they will get. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Last year, Jeremy Hunt announced a rate hike for most DWP benefit payments, including Universal Credit, as part of his Autumn Statement. Monthly Universal Credit payments will be increased by 10.1 percent in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022. With the 10.1 percent rate hike, this benefit payment will be £292.11 and £368.74 a month for those under and over 25, respectively. Those in a couple who are both under 25 will get £458.51 a month, with a couple over 25 receiving £578.82 for that period of time. The DWP is in the midst of moving those on legacy benefit payments onto Universal Credit with the aim of this being completed by 2023. An estimated 2.6 million benefit claimants will be impacted by this “managed migration” which is taking place throughout the year. It should be noted this transition from Universal Credit has already begun but was temporarily halted during the pandemic. Examples of the affected legacy benefits include: Child tax credit, Housing benefit, Income support, income-based jobseeker's allowance (JSA), income-related employment and support allowance (ESA) and Working tax credit. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Those on Universal Credit will also be entitled to the Government’s cost of living payment for claimants of means-tested benefits. A similar payment of £650 was rolled out last year to help people pay for inflation-hiked prices and energy bills. However, 2023’s payment has been raised to £900 in recognition of the financial difficulties people continue to face. The Government has confirmed that this payment will be administered in three instalments in different parts of the year. Other changes have already been introduced to Universal Credit, namely involving the administrative earnings threshold. This amount has been raised for Universal Credit to £617 per month for single people and £782 per month for couples. On top of this, those who are unemployed are being placed under an intensive work search regime to find a job. The change to the administrative earnings threshold was implemented earlier this year in January 2023.