Danny Dyer, a lifelong Hammers fan admits that he is very pleased with Dani's choice of partner and admitted that he “couldn’t have chosen a better boyfriend” for his daughter. Speaking on the latest edition of The Jonathan Ross Show, the star, 45, who played Mick Carter in the BBC soap declared: “West Ham until I die. “You can’t tell them who to fall in love with… all of a sudden she’s brought home a West Ham player. “I couldn't have hand-picked a better human being, He’s beautiful. “He comes round and I get all starstruck.” READ MORE: Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes The actor also admitted that there is a chant that is sung at home games about his daughter's relationship with the footballer. He admitted that he has no qualms about it, sometimes jumping along as fans sing the smutty chant. He revealed: “There is a chant which I think is quite sweet. "When he scores - and he does score a lot - [they chant] ‘Bowen’s on fire and he’s sh**ging Dani Dyer! “I’ve been over there when they’re singing it. Jumping around. Is that wrong?" The Football Factory star also went on to talk about loving life as a grandfather.He then discussed his excitement about his former Love Island star daughter being pregnant again, this time with twins. He gushed: “I’m a grandfather… he’s beautiful, he’s such a lovely little boy. DONT MISS: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears' [LATEST] Prince William honours John Torode with MBE at Buckingham Palace [NEWS] Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen [NEWS] “She’s pregnant again with twins. Identical girls! So I’m going to have three grandkids under three by f***ing May.” He added: “It’s petrifying. I am over the moon. It’s weird when your kid’s pregnant. “You worry about them. It’s a miracle the whole thing, especially with twins.” Danny also laments about his new role as a grandad and admits that he thought all his children would have flown the nest by that time. He said: “I thought, when you become a grandfather, your kids have grown up and f***ed off. "Whereas I’m still bringing up a nine-year-old son, I’ve got a 15-year-old daughter and grandkids.” Danny also revealed that he is now a big fan of meditation. Admitting that he loves it and feels that it's important for the brain. He said: “People look after their bodies to get fit but the most important muscle is that [the brain]. “I discovered it and it helps me. Little 10 minutes a day, that's all I do.” The Jonathan Ross Show, Saturday 21.40pm on ITV and ITVX 