Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly prioritising three transfers for the end of the season. The Red Devils have landed nine players since the appointment of the Dutchman back in the summer. However, they’re aware they need more reinforcements as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. United landed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro, Antony and Martin Dubravka back in the summer. And, in January, they proceeded to recruit Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer. According to the Manchester Evening News, United are now set to prioritise a new goalkeeper, young midfielder and a striker come the end of the campaign. Many players are being linked with moves to Old Trafford at the current moment in time. So Express Sport now takes a look at seven players on the club’s radar as they look to complete their rebuild and challenge for the biggest trophies on offer. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United have seen David De Gea shine this term, with the 32-year-old bouncing back from early mistakes against the likes of Brighton and Brentford. And though they want the Spain international to stay, they’re still primed to pursue a new goalkeeper. Dean Henderson is expected to leave United if not guaranteed the No 1 jersey, having snubbed the chance to return from a loan spell at Nottingham Forest. Diogo Costa is one player being linked - though his erratic displays at the World Cup show he’d be a gamble for the club. And David Raya is another, amid speculation he’ll be on the move from Brentford at the end of the season. When everybody is fully fit and firing, United have a strong midfield. Something that hasn’t always been the case in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. But with Casemiro, Christian Eriksen and Fred all 29 or over, the Red Devils want a fresher pair of legs. They’re primed to revive interest in Frenkie de Jong, despite missing out on the Barcelona star back in the summer. United remain convinced they can acquire the 25-year-old, especially due to Ten Hag’s positive relationship with the player. And Jude Bellingham is another player of interest, though the Borussia Dortmund star is also wanted by the likes of Real Madrid, Manchester City and Liverpool. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United landed Wout Weghorst in January, with the Netherlands international arriving as a temporary replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. But they know they need an upgrade and are ready to pursue one when the transfer window reopens again. Harry Kane has long been on their radar, with interest dating back to when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. The Tottenham striker’s long-term future at the club is up in the air, with Spurs still hopeful he’ll sign an extension. Given their failure to win any trophies since 2008, however, Kane staying in north London is far from certain. Another option for United is Victor Osimhen, of Napoli. The Nigeria international has been in outstanding form this term, bagging 14 goals from 16 Serie A outings. And though he won’t come cheap, United have been scouting him ever since his time in France with Lille. An outside candidate to join the Red Devils come the summer is Benjamin Sesko. The Red Bull Salzburg striker has agreed to join RB Leipzig - but United can effectively buy him out of his contract if they present a higher offer.