Yet last week I missed a plane. Breathless, heart pounding, mouth hanging open in dismay, I arrived at the gate to see Flight Closed. The plane was still there as I pleaded with airline staff to let me get on. No chance. I’d flown from London Heathrow to Dallas to catch a connecting flight to Kansas City. Usually in the UK we simply fly in or out and hardly ever connect to a second plane, whereas in the States internal flights are the whopping majority – 91 percent of air travel is domestic. I’m used to missing train connections through no fault of my own. Aren’t we all? Missing a plane connection is worse. I’d assumed that if an airline company sells you a ticket which includes a connecting flight then it knows to allow sufficient time. It doesn’t actively want people to miss planes – or does it? Dallas Fort Worth is America’s second-biggest airport, its terminals connected by a high-speed train loop. Not high-speed enough as it turned out. Because after I’d rechecked my luggage on to Kansas City and gone through immigration and security I only had minutes to make it to the gate via endless walkways and escalators. Usain Bolt would have struggled. After tearing my hair for a while I went to throw myself on the mercy of customer services. You go on a “wait list” for the next available flight. If you don’t have an Advantage Card (for which you have to pay an annual subscription) then you are progressively bumped down the list as the lucky blighters who do turn up to go on standby. I didn’t have an Advantage Card so there was plenty of time to study life at Dallas airport. You know that scene in the film Airplane where the passengers run madly from one departure gate to another? Well it was exactly like that, time and again. Anguished families, octogenarians, toddlers, people on crutches and in wheelchairs, rushing from one departure gate to another, desperately trying to make their connections. Clearly the inevitability of missing connections was a Machiavellian part of the business plan, encouraging you to buy an Advantage Card so that you stand a better chance if you are on standby. So in the end – after a 10-hour flight from London – I spent eight hours at Dallas airport. Not to be recommended. Poor Kate. How utterly sadistic to expect the poor woman to make a tossable pancake in front of the world’s media. As everyone knows – when it comes to pancakes, you always have to discard the first one. Talking to a taxi driver in Kansas City, he asked if I’d been “affected by the Ukraine war”. I first said something about the cost of living and fuel prices, but after a minute the penny dropped. During the Gulf war in 1991 there was a 30 percent fall in American tourists coming to London. They seemed to imagine that after Kuwait, Iraq would turn its attention to London. My taxi driver was actually under the impression the UK was at risk from Russian drone strikes. He wasn’t sure where Ukraine was either. Next to Russia? Near Britain? I was silently sneering at his poor geography. And then I considered that until a few weeks ago I didn’t know that Kansas City was in Missouri. I thought it was in the state of Kansas. And if you’d asked me to identify Missouri on a map I would have been utterly flummoxed. Before poor Nicola Bulley’s body was discovered, Lancashire police let slip that she had “ongoing struggles with the menopause”. Ah yes. Playing the old menopause card. The subtext is that she was a middle-aged woman with raging hormones so anything could have happened to her, and we shouldn’t be surprised. Because obviously the poor dear couldn’t cope. It was the perfect example of misogynistic victim blaming. As I wrote in this column a few weeks ago the current obsession with the menopause will do women no favours. If you are over 40 you will be an object of pity and derision. You will not be offered a job and you will not be offered promotion. Instead you will be patronised and offered crying rooms, time off work and a hot-flush-friendly uniform. And if something very bad happens to you, the police will be checking to see if you’re on HRT rather than making a decent effort at finding you. Oh how we once laughed when we read that the barrister in the 1960 obscenity trial over Lady Chatterley’s Lover (brought against Penguin Books) asked the jury if it was a book that you would “wish your wife or your servants to read”. How quaint! But we’re not laughing now with Roald Dahl’s children’s books being rewritten, softened, rendered toothless, polite and inoffensive. Anything relating to gender, appearance, race, weight, mental health and violence is out. A statement from Puffin at the front of the new edition says: “This book was written many years ago and so we regularly review the language to ensure that it can continue to be enjoyed by all today.” “Review the language”? That’s a cosy way of saying “censor”. Both chilling and terrifying. Naja Nielsen, director of digital on BBC News, has said that from now on “sweaty and dirty” is the dress code at the Beeb. “It is more trustworthy than if we look like we’ve just stepped out of an awards ceremony,” she added. Nonsense. But then I still regret that radio newsreaders no longer have to wear dinner jackets after 8pm as they did in the 1920s and 1930s, by order of Lord Reith. Formal attire did throw the odd problem. Stuart Hibberd (the BBC newsreader who in 1936 told the nation that “The King’s life is moving peacefully towards its close”) once said that the sound engineers had problems with the front of his dress shirt creaking. I don’t imagine that happens now, although sometimes an underwired bra can be surprisingly noisy. The original radio newsreaders could not be seen by the audience and might have been wearing a shower cap and a ra-ra skirt for all anyone knew. But the point of work clothes is that you don’t dress for other people, you dress to put yourself in the right mindset. If you look sloppy, you work sloppy. Reporters in a war zone may be allowed to look a little rugged and windblown. But Clive Myrie still manages to look elegant in his Kyiv kit. Hard to imagine “sweaty and dirty” will ever be part of his repertoire. What would Naja Nielsen make of veteran TV reporter Martin Bell, famous for his white suits worn in most of the world’s conflict areas? He wore them out of superstition. “I associated my survival with the white suit,” he admitted. Clothes matter. Nielsen is trying to make out that they don’t. Her silly directive only proves how much they do.