Most will have done laundry so many times that they barely notice loading and running the washing machine. However, there are certain rules which, if not followed, will damage towels, even if they own one of the best washing machines. Towel experts at home retailer Enchanted Home have shared seven “laundry disasters” that cause households to ruin their towels and how to avoid doing this when cleaning them. They said: “Does it feel like you have to buy a new towel every few months? The reason why you might be going through them so fast is that you’re not washing them correctly. “Yes, there are right and wrong ways to wash a towel. You can’t just wash them like you do all your other clothes. For example, you want to use fabric softener on your clothes, you don’t want to use it for your towels. “It’s the little things that destroy their natural lustre. Here’s how you can stop ruining your perfectly good, clean towels.” Using too much detergent makes towels stiff. It’s also not necessary to use a ton of detergent when cleaning them unless under special circumstances. This is because they don’t really get too much dirt trapped in them. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine The experts said: “The solution for this is to only use half the detergent that you would use for a normal load of laundry. You can also skip out on the detergent entirely and use vinegar to wash them. “If a special circumstance does occur and you have to put in a bunch of detergent, be sure to compensate by changing the wash cycle to one that will give them an extra rinse.” Fabric softener stops towels from being able to absorb water and will leave a waxy build-up on them. The Enchanted Home team suggested that instead of using fabric softener, use dryer balls. They said: “They actually make your towels come out nice and fluffy.” For those who have accidentally used fabric softener and their towels come out with a nasty residue, they can rewash them with vinegar. The pros added: “You can also wash them with baking soda if the softener leaves an odour.” DON'T MISSLift ‘yellow’ toilet seat stains in 10 minutes with ‘amazing’ 90p item [TIPS]65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it [COMMENT]‘Most reliable’ tomatoes to grow for ‘heavy delicious crops’ [EXPERT] Eyeliner and other makeup residue on towels makes them look unsightly and they’re seriously hard to wash out. It is important to avoid using towels to wipe off your makeup. The experts advised: “If a house guest who doesn’t know any better uses your towel to take off their makeup, make sure you use a pre-treatment spray to try and avoid a stain.” The towel gurus noted that towels should be washed in cold water as hot water “will cause them to fade and get scratchy”. They added: “The only time this rule doesn’t apply is with white towels because there is no dye to make them vulnerable to this issue. It’s actually better to wash your white towels in hot water because it can preserve their colour better than bleach.” READ MORE: Make ‘stubborn’ washing machine drawer stains ‘disappear’ with £1 item Towels don’t necessarily need to be washed after every use but they should be washed at least every three days. The experts warned: “If you don’t, they’ll pick up a lot of bacteria and get dingy and gross. It’s best to give them a wash as soon as you notice this happening.” “You can also ruin your towels if you wash them too often. They’ll lose their fluffiness and absorption.” Households should have a couple of sets of towels that they can cycle through. That way, they don’t go through them too quickly. When transferring towels from the washer to the dryer, it is recommended to shake them out first. The experts said: “This not only keeps them fluffy but flattens out any creases so they can dry evenly.” Another reason to shake out these creases is that the dryer could heat them into the towel. Make sure to give towels one last shake before folding them Drying a towel is a little tricky because there is a lot that can be done wrong. For example, if households leave them in the dryer for too long, they will “wreck the fibres and cause them to lose their absorption”. The pros also warned that if they are not dried enough, mildew will build-up on them. They said: “The mildew issue also applies after you get out of the shower. You need to hang the used towel flat so it can dry properly. “You can hang your towels up to dry instead of putting them in a machine, but avoid hanging them two to a hook. If you hang them up two to a hook bacteria can get caught up in the folds and cause mildew.”