Netflix’s Wednesday was wildly successful when it debuted in 2022, surpassing expectations and reaching the streaming giants' top 10 charts. The official Twitter account of the hit show confirmed that the series has been renewed for a second season in January 2023. And according to Wednesday’s Luiz Guzman, who plays Gomez Addams, season two will feature more of the Addams Family dancing, which contributed to making the Netflix series a viral hit last year. Wednesday was a global hit when it premiered, it even made huge waves in the world of social media with its viral dance scene. To fans' excitement, there could be another viral dance trend on the way as star Luis Guzmán has revealed it won’t be the last we will see of The Addams Family busting some moves in the drama series. The star sat down with Screen Rant as he lifted the lid on what fans can expect in the second season of Wednesday Guzman teased what action was in store for the character Gomez Adams and he comes complete with a dancing performance and a sword fight, in Wednesday season two. READ MORE: NCIS LA's Daniela Ruah confirms presenting gig after CBS drama axed When asked about whether fans can expect to see more of his quirky but lovable portrayal of The Addams Family patriarch, Guzmán said “That’s the plan.” Guzmán briefly explained what fans can expect of his character in season two, and it seems it's Gomez’s time to shine as he revealed: “I’m going to dance.” Producers may feel obliged to top the last viral dance scene from season one after its outstanding success, so fans can certainly be on the lookout for it. The success of the original Jenna Ortega dance was unexpected, as fans, especially on the social media platform TikTok, loved the actress’ performance featuring The Cramps’ “Goo Goo Muck”. In Wednesday’s first season, the dance brought many different plot points to the show. It set up a more romantic turn for Wednesday and Tyler’s (Hunter Doohan) relationship, which fans watched grow throughout the season. Another plot was Eugene’s (Moosa Mostafa) attack in the woods, as well as Lucas’ (Iman Marson) interactions with Bianca (Joy Sunday), which later helps the audience see her true colours. A new dance will be hard to top, especially when the last one established so many additional plot points. DON'T MISS:Robin Roberts replaced on GMA after announcing huge career achievementBridgerton to make major changes to sex scenes in new spin-off showThe Blacklist fans baffled as James Spader fails to return to NBC Fans met a majority of the Adams family in the first instalment, including Wednesday's brother Pugsley (Isaac Ordonez), her parents, Uncle Fester (Fred Armisen), and Thing. The series began with Gomez and Morticia (Catherine Zeta-Jones) introducing Wednesday to their alma mater, Nevermore Academy, where fans watched her find her settle in as a student. Wednesday also solved many mysteries over the course of season one, together with clearing Gomez's name of murder and destroying a centuries-old enemy targeting her family. Gomez and Morticia weren't heavily featured in the series, as it mainly focussed on Wednesday’s storyline. But it appears in season two, fans will explore further into the infamous Addams family, learning about Gomez's skills as a dancer and swordsman. As Guzmán revealed another confirmed scene by saying he is “going to have a sword fight”, this won't be the character's first sword rodeo after another climactic battle he had in season one. With Gomez and Morticia potentially becoming more involved in the upcoming storyline, it is possible that the Addams family will want to stay close after Wednesday was targeted by the Gates family due to their hatred of the Addams family, and of all Outcasts. Meaning this could be an indication that the second season of Wednesday will move beyond Nevermore Academy, possibly showing more of the Addams family members and their home life. Wednesday season 1 is currently streaming on Netflix.