ABC’s hit series has been a staple for US TV fans for nearly two decades, with Meredith Grey (played by Ellen Pompeo) as just a handful of characters who have appeared in every season so far. However, Grey’s Anatomy will look a lot different going ahead after Meredith’s last day at Grey Sloan Memorial. Grey’s Anatomy fans have slammed the latest episode of the long-running series as an unsatisfying exit for lead actress Pompeo. The TV star has portrayed Meredith for the past 18 years and has appeared in almost every episode of the drama thus far. Her exit has been telegraphed by ABC for some time, and the heroine previously slipped into a coma due to complications from COVID-19 in season 17. Despite weeks of build-up, thousands of fans couldn’t help getting disappointed by Pompeo’s final appearance and took to Twitter to complain. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Olivia Caridi fumed: “WOW. I have been watching this show since 2005 and THIS is the goodbye to our main character. “Over half of my life! I am speechless. This is the worst episode of TV I’ve ever seen.” @sethsgaIIavich said: “I stayed off my phone for 12 hours to avoid Grey’s Anatomy spoilers but there was nothing to spoil. “That was the worst “exit” episode ever, like this is Meredith Grey, the main character and you made it like any other episode and no surprises I’m so disappointed.” “The absolute worst episode of Grey’s Anatomy,” @midnightstehe said. “Meredith Grey has been there since the beginning and practically raised most of us. She deserved a better farewell. Clearly, the writers didn’t understand her importance.” Nia Langley tweeted: “On a show that‘s had famously good character farewell episodes, tonight’s #Greys episode was the worst farewell I’ve ever seen. “For the TITULAR character at that. Are you joking?! Both Meredith Grey AND Ellen Pompeo deserved so much better. I’m in disbelief.” DON'T MISS:Law and Order fans fuming as NBC drama takes month break [BACKLASH]Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [LATEST]Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes confirms romance with girlfriend Kelsea [INSIGHT] @jwsafetynet added: “I’m not even being dramatic when I say this was easily the worst character exit on Grey’s Anatomy. “She’s the main character and THAT was her exit? I simply can’t keep defending these new seasons.” And @lcvemeredith wrote: “Tonight’s episode of Grey’s Anatomy was genuinely the worst episode of television I’ve ever seen. That wasn’t a farewell, it was a s**t show.” Meredith’s final day at the hospital left her colleagues and friends devastated, not least of which was Nick Marsh (Scott Speedman) who confessed his love on the phone as her flight took off. Her final words on the series happened when she read a book to her children, saying: “The end of my story is not any kind of ever-after, because I’m still alive, I’m still here, and the sun still rises on my life.” Despite her exit, Pompeo is not planning to retire from acting any time soon and recently opened up about her decision to leave for a new project. “It's still Grey's, she's still there in spirit and that's the house that Grey built, so she's always there," Pompeo told ET Online. “She just has to step away for a little bit to do a Hulu show. It's a great company to work for and I'm really, really lucky that they've given me the opportunity to do both, and so I had to take it.” Grey’s Anatomy season 19 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA and is available to stream on Disney+.