The second instalment of The Masked Singer kicked off this week with an “ABBA Night” theme and fans watched on as the contestants performed hits by the legendary 70’s pop group. Last night's show saw Medusa make it through to the next round but fans are convinced that a Black Eyed Peas singer is under the mask. The Masked Singer's ABBA Night featured 70s-style special guests and two more revelations as to who’s behind the infamous masks. Host Nick Cannon and the panel of Ken Jeong, Jenny McCarthy, Nicole Scherzinger and Robin Thicke got into the mood as they opened the show dancing along to ABBA’s hit song Mamma Mia. This week's singers were Night Owl and Rock Lobster who took to the stage to showcase their singing talents, while last week’s winner, Medusa, returned to perform. Medusa launched ABBA night as they gave their take on the pop group's megahit Dancing Queen.  Following the performance, former Bachelor Nick Viall brought one clue to light in the form of an airline ticket to Tokyo, flight number 1996. The singer disguised as Medusa added: "I've taken a tour of the world and I love it. Want to know where I'm from? Take a little look closer." The all-star panel guessed that Medusa could be singers Tove Lo or Lorde, Martin's daughter Apple or his girlfriend Dakota Johnson. To confuse fans even more the first clue package revealed a balance scale, a knight and bishop, a true love heart tattoo, planets and asteroids, and Greek statues. One clue appeared to have stood out for eagled-eyed fans though after a picture of Buckingham Palace was also shown during her clue package. Masked Singer detectives believed this could be referencing Sarah Ferguson, The Duchess of York whose nickname is Fergie, whilst others suggested this could also be a clue to Fergie's famous album The Dutchess. The Official Masked Singer Twitter account also added to the speculation by sharing a framed picture of Coldplay’s Chris Martin with Medusa posing next to it. The Tweet was captioned: It was all yellllooowww... what could this @coldplay clue mean?” referencing Coldplay’s hit song Yellow. Under the Tweet, Masked Singer sleuth @Sddt4486Donna commented: “Coldplay and Fergie played at Super Bowls. Royal clue is Sarah Ferguson aka Fergie.” Another @ChadNykaza added: “Medusa sounds alot like Miss Fergie…” with @midcoinc1 agreeing: “100% Fergie.” @classic32 said: “That is Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas.” whilst another convinced fan @steven5417 echoed: “Zero chance it’s not Fergie. You can hear it with the voice and then the ”first class” ticket was a giveaway.” Putting all clues together fans could be on the right track, especially with last night's clue involving the Tokyo flight that could be a nod to her song Glamorous, which has the lyric: “We flyin’ the first class, up in the sky. Poppin’ champagne".  Despite Medusa making it through to the next stage, their fellow contestants Night Owl and Rock Lobster were unmasked. Rock Lobster turned out to be 67-year-old comedian Howier Mandel who was correctly sniffed out by judge Ken Jeong. Whilst Night Owl was revealed to be singer-songwriter Debbie Gibson, after her performance singing ABBA’s hit song Fernando. The Masked Singer airs Wednesdays at 8pm on Fox in the US.