   Good Morning Britain star Kate Garraway, 55, shared an update about her husband Derek Draper on Instagram this evening with her 1.1 million followers. Derek requires constant medical attention after coronavirus complications left him fighting for his life in 2020.      Derek could be seen sitting up in bed in the family’s London home and smiling at his carer, Jake, who was holding his hand. “Many of you will remember Jake who cared for Derek when he first came out of hospital in April 21 - from the documentary #caringforderek,” Kate wrote. “So you will know what a wonderful healthcare professional he is,” the continued in the picture caption. “But have just found out he’s also an amazing musician - under the name @sencymiller.x,” she added, tagging the carer’s account.     The tag takes you to Jake’s music page, where his new single is pinned. “He’s just released a song called #okukuseku (check it out in his bio),” Kate continued. “Which no surprise is full of love and inspiration to keep going and never give up. “The world of carers never fails to surprise me with their depths of talent, thoughtfulness and motivation #happyfriday all!” she signed off with a heart emoji. (sic)      Derek became the nation’s longest suffering Covid patient after spending 13 months in hospital. He was previously in a coma, and has also since been diagnosed with sepsis and a kidney infection. His beloved wife Kate has been by his side throughout and documented her family’s experience in ITV’s Finding Derek, followed up by its sequel Caring for Derek. Kate and Derek share two children: daughter Darcey, 16, and son William, 13. READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [INSIGHT] John Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa Faulkner [LATEST] Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles [NEWS]      Kate recently emotionally questioned former health secretary Matt Hancock on Good Morning Britain over his recent stint on I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!. The journalist confronted him over his breaking of lockdown guidelines in 2021 when he was caught on CCTV kissing his aide, Gina Coldangelo. The star pointed out that the politician breaking his own rules had angered many members of the public. She went on to tearfully recall how her husband Derek had been unable to see his children at the time because they were following the guidelines.      Kate told Matt: “I suppose the problem is you were the health secretary. “Because at the time it mattered and my husband Derek was in hospital and not able to see his kids and the thousands of other people couldn’t see that they loved because they were following the guidelines.” The mother-of-two said of Matt’s decision to enter the jungle: “You made the decision to go in at a time before you had answered to the inquiry and at a time when people still feel very raw. “Can you explain now, because I am not sure people yet feel comfortable about why you did it.” In response, he said he “gets all of that” and added: “I have to be completely open about what I did, and why I took the decisions that I did so that we can learn as much as possible. I feel really strongly about that."   