Roy Jones Jr isn't ready to hang up his gloves just yet. The 54-year-old boxing legend is set to return to the ring on April 1 at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin against former UFC lightweight champion Anthony Pettis, 36. The eight-round professional boxing match will headline Jorge Masvidal's Gamebred 4 event which also includes clashes between MMA stars Vitor Belfort and Jacare Souza as well as Jose Aldo and Jeremy Stephens.  Jones Jr has not fought in the pro ranks since February 2018 and his last contest, an exhibition bout with Mike Tyson, took place all the way back in November 2020. In contrast, Pettis has been far more active in his mixed martial arts career, competing three times last year.  Announcing the fight to the masses, Masvidal told Ariel Helwani during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour: “I’ve always been a fan of Roy Jones. Always wanted to work with Roy Jones in some capacity. He’s going to be fighting someone that inspired me in my career numerous times. “WEC champion, UFC champion, I think both his wins for the UFC title were finishes. [Pettis] has knockouts and finishes at 145, 155, 170, it’s crazy what this guy has done in his career in MMA. Great striker.  “He agreed to fight the walking, living legend, the pound-for-pound king, one of the best fighters, athletes, I’ve ever seen in combat sports, period, versus Anthony Pettis.” Jones Jr is better known for his coaching than his fighting these days and is the head trainer of Chris Eubank Jr. But with the Brighton boxer on the sidelines following his fourth-round stoppage loss to Liam Smith last month, the former four-weight world champion is able to concentrate on his own training. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua is back as Hearn announces heavyweight comeback for April 1 Usyk has suspicion about Fury and explains how he reversed roles Fury branded 'hardest puncher' days after Paul made YouTuber poo pants Jones Jr always insisted that he would retire on top during his reign of dominance back in the late 90s and early 2000s but has fallen into the same trap that so many icons have over the year. Unable to kick the bug, RJJ continues to compete 20 years past his prime. Speaking about the motivations behind his extended career back in 2017, Jones Jr said: “The whole reason I got to where I was in boxing was because I didn’t give a damn thing about what nobody thought about me. Even fight now, the reason I continue to move forward is because I don’t give a damn what they think about me. “I better get every inch out of it that I can because one day it will be over and my old bones aren’t going to listen to me. I’m not going to be able to duck and dodge and knock people out forever.”