Hydration is a common skincare problem, and Olay has created a product that will provide long-lasting hydration in a lightweight gel. The new Hyaluronic24 + Vitamin B5 collection is an innovative, lightweight, and non-sticky formulation that provides multi-layer hydration for visibly healthier skin from day one. Express.co.uk has spoken to many beauty experts and one of the main skincare concerns women have as they age is a lack of moisture and hydration which results in the skin sagging, and fine lines and wrinkles becoming more obvious. Olay, however, is on a mission to restore hydration and after two weeks of using the Day Gel Cream, 92 percent of women reported long-lasting hydration with some claiming it reduced signs of ageing. Olay’s new product range unlocks the full benefits of Hyaluronic Acid and at the same time strengthens the skin’s natural moisture barrier, which is crucial in maintaining long-term skin hydration. Unlike some Hyaluronic Acid products, Olay Hyaluronic24 + Vitamin B5 goes beyond hydration to provide total moisture management from the very first application. READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eyeliner advice for an ‘instant facelift’ It is crafted with proven ingredients - such as niacinamide and glycerin - instantly locking in moisture, providing long-lasting hydration, and maintaining a healthy moisture barrier. As for when you should start seeing results, Olay claims “from day one skin will look visibly healthier as the collection works to instantly replenish the skin’s natural moisture barrier”. “Within two weeks of use, skin looks smoother and has a healthy glow,” the beauty brand added. Dr Sonia, Clinical Dermatology expert for Olay commented: “The Olay Hyaluronic24 + Vitamin B5 collection is unlike anything else on the market. DON'T MISS...Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school [INSIDER]Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Adam Woodyatt’s ‘weight dropped off’ after giving up popular drink [PICTURES] “It combines hyaluronic acid with powerful ingredients like Vitamin B5, Niacinamide and Glycerin to deliver long-term skin hydration while strengthening the skin’s natural moisture barrier. This is the ultimate thirst trap.” The Day Gel Moisturiser has received 925 reviews online at Boots.com, with an average 4.7 star rating out of five. ChanetelleS wrote: “I love this cream it just skins into my skin so easily and feels great, can really see the difference after using straight away.” BethL added: “This works great and I totally recommend it, I love it a lot.” Jenny shared her experience of using the cream: “Love this B5 gel cream, goes a long way and actually helps wrinkles, my skin looks amazing.” READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil Also in the range is the Day Eye Gel Cream which is “specifically designed for the delicate eye area” to “plump the skin”. The formula “instantly cools and refreshes, delivering an instant boost of hydration”. This product has also received a 4.7 stars out of five with 1146 people leaving a review. CherylH said: “Makes under eye area brighter and smoothed out, really nice fragrance.” DB commented: “The skin under my eyes looks less puffy and the lines seem less defined and noticeable - highly recommend.” Completing the range is the Ultra Hydrating Day Serum which SteveH said is “by far the best face serum I’ve used”. “It smooths fine lines and wrinkles and leaves skin feeling hydrated,” his review said. NatashaF said: “Brilliant serum feel 10x better after using this skin is feeling the best in a long time, I’ve even had compliments on difference in skin.” Olay Hyaluronic Acid 24 + Vitamin B5 range is currently on promotion at Boots.com. The Day Gel Moisturiser 50ml is £19 instead of £38. The Day Eye Gel Cream 15ml is £19 instead of £38. The Ultra Hydrating Day Serum 40ml is £19 instead of £38.