Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has been warned he cannot become lazy after hitting the form of his life. Erik ten Hag says the England forward can never be satisfied and always vow to improve. Rashford scored his 21st goal of the season in Sunday's win over Leeds. United struggled to break their rivals down but it was the 25-year-old who came up with the goods as he so often has this season. Rashford got on the end of a Luke Shaw cross to score a header in successive matches. United's lead was doubled late on through substitute Alejandro Garnacho to keep their slim title chances alive. After scoring just five goals last season, Rashford has hit a purple match this term. Only three players have scored more than him in the Premier League. READ MORE: Arne Slot gives verdict on Schreuder replacing Marsch at Leeds  However, Ten Hag insists any hint of satisfaction from Rashford would lead to the form coming to an end. He says he cannot afford any "laziness" to be brought into his game. Ten Hag said: "I don't know when it will stop but if you are satisfied with it, then it will. And because satisfaction goes to laziness, you have to keep investing every day. "When he keeps the investment and keeps the focus in every game and brings the energy and belief in, he will keep scoring. He has the skills to score with right, with left and with his head. It's about him getting into position." United legend Roy Keane was full of praise for Rashford after his goal at the weekend. The Irishman is delighted to see him performing at the top of his game. DON'T MISSRonaldo proven exactly right by Man Utd moment in massive win over LeedsChelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless responseCasemiro has received punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real Madrid  Keane said on Sky Sports: "Brilliant, brilliant quality. They still hadn’t done much, United, up to this point, lovely switch of play, brilliant first touch by Shaw, lovely delivery and Rashford, love to see that headed goal. "Brilliant from United, real quality. That’s what we wanted to see." United are next in action on Thursday with the first leg of their Europa League tie against Barcelona at the Nou Camp. They face a Barca side who are nine points clear at the top of La Liga. Rashford scored three goals in the group stage of the competition earlier this season. That is despite only starting one of the six matches.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here