  Journalist Jon Snow, 75, is married to distinguished epidemiologist and entrepreneur Precious Lunga, who is 25 years his junior. The star, who is best known for being the longest-running presenter of Channel 4 News, opened up about his marriage in a new interview.       Reflecting on his life two years after leaving Channel 4 News, which he anchored from 1989 to 2021, Jon spoke about his plans to dedicate his retirement time to parenting. The respected journalist has also written a new memoir called The State of Us. Speaking about his wife, whom he married in 2010, Jon described how proud he was of all her incredible accomplishments. “I’m very proud to be married to my wife, I’m proud of her neuro-scientific capacity, her PhD,” he said. READ MORE: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies     “I’m proud of the fact that she is a Zimbabwean and I’m very, very proud of the fact we have a two-year-old boy,” the journalist added in an interview with the Guardian. The article went on to note that there was something “defensive” about the way Jon answered the question. The author, Zoe Williams, suggested it felt “as if he’s answering a question I haven’t posed, like ‘What on earth is a 75-year-old doing with a wife 25 years his junior and a two-year-old son?’” He was then asked whether “he is a different kind of parent this time around” given the generational gap between his first family and his second.      “I’d need notice of that question,” he told the interviewer firmly at the time. Before he was married to Precious, Jon was in a 35-year relationship with human rights lawyer Madeleine Colvin. Despite never marrying, the pair had two daughters together: Leila, 39, and Freya, 35. Jon and Madeleine met working as volunteers at a Soho homeless centre, first dating for seven years until 1979, when he ended the relationship. READ MORE... Madonna shows off 'surgery' results now swelling 'has gone down' [NEWS] John Cleese 'apologises' after Fawlty Towers news sparks upset [NEWS] Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INSIGHT]      Just two weeks later, Jon announced he was engaged to one of his ITN colleagues, TV presenter Anna Ford, but the relationship lasted only four months before he went back to Madeleine. Jon’s Eldest daughter Leila used to run a tea shop in Highgate, North London, while younger daughter Freya is a lawyer specialising in social issues. "I have an incredibly close relationship with them,” Jon told the Guardian back in 2016. "I don’t dare to give any parenting advice because I don’t pretend to be an expert myself.      "However, I do worry that kids these days are too glued to their electronic devices and I worry about the negative issues that come from that, such as cyberbullying, peer pressure and sexting. "We need to go back to basics, reading to children at night, because it’s an invaluable bonding experience and gives them a thirst for learning." Jon and Precious welcomed their son via surrogacy in March 2021 - over three decades after his first child was born. The State of Us by Jon Snow (Transworld, £20) is published on 2 March. To support the Guardian, order your copy for £17.60 at guardianbookshop.com. Delivery charges may apply.   