Kyrie Irving wants out of the Brooklyn Nets after requesting a trade on Friday, leaving the franchise less than a week to secure an agreement with a new team. One team looking to bolster their roster is the Los Angeles Lakers, but may miss out on securing Irving due to his contractual demands. Irving wants to move before Thursday's trade deadline, and unless the Nets are willing to lose him for free in the off-season, they'll have to sort a deal within the next few days. The Nets star is one of the best talents in the league, and raw talent is something that the Lakers are in need of if they are to bless LeBron James with another NBA title. The 38-year-old is desperate to win another Championship, but it looks like the Lakers may even miss out on play-offs once more based on current form. Although James rates Irving highly, this is a deal that may get away from the Lakers. The franchise was to secure a potential two-year deal to match James' contract, but Irving wants a deal that runs four years. The Los Angeles Times received information from an anonymous source that has knowledge of the situation, and claimed that it's unlikely the Lakers will move for Irving. The source stated that Irving is expected to seek a four-year maximum contract, with the Lakers preferring a two-year deal. So it may not be the James-Irving link-up that many Lakers fans were hoping for after hearing the news on Friday. And even James admitted that Irving would significantly boost their Championship hopes. James was asked if Irving is the type of player who could help get the Lakers back in title contention, and he responded: "Obviously. That’s a — what’s the word you use? — ‘duh’ question when you talk about a player that like that." The Lakers have already secured Rui Hachimura in the trade market, but have also seen their star Russell Westbrook heavily linked with a move away. It hasn't been the deal the Lakers were hoping for when Westbrook arrived in 2021, but he remains with the franchise for now. It's been rumoured for some time that Westbrook could be used to negotiate a new trade, although James confirmed that trade talk is not negatively impacting the locker room. "That’s part of the game," James said. "We’ve got, what, one rookie in here. Shouldn’t be an issue. Happens every year. The trade deadline happens every single year."