Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has singled out two priority targets as he looks to improve his defensive ranks in the upcoming summer transfer window in the event he extends his contract with the club, according to reports. The north Londoners are known to be on the lookout for at least one new centre-back, with Clement Lenglet's loan deal set to expire when the campaign draws to a close. Tottenham failed to sign any central defenders in the January window but several high-profile names have been mentioned in connection with the club as of late ahead of the summer months. Conte is yet to commit his long-term future to his current employers, with his existing deal set to expire at the end of the season, but it seems as though he is still planning ahead for next season by identifying his preferred targets at the back.That's according to Ben Jacobs, who told Caught Offside that Bayer Leverkusen defender Piero Hincapie and Wolves ace Max Kilman have been earmarked by Tottenham as two potential targets to pursue when the bidding opens in the summer. Hincapie was originally linked with a move to the Premier League in pre-season but ended up staying at Leverkusen, where he has since registered 23 appearances in all competitions over the course of the current campaign.The Ecuador international remains contracted to Leverkusen until the summer of 2026 as things stand but his arrival would certainly be able to help solve Tottenham's defensive fragilities, with the club having shipped the highest number of goals in the Premier League's top half since the beginning of the season. Kilman, meanwhile, would likely be another shrewd addition for Spurs after excelling at Wolves since breaking into their first-team setup over the last few years. JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle It is said that Conte will be looking to make more 'starter signings' at Tottenham if he finalises an extension to the two-year deal he agreed to in 2021 before the season comes to an end. The club have made plenty of new additions in recent windows but not every player has gone on to start on a regular basis, with the likes of Bryan Gil and Pape Matar Sarr being signed for the future rather than the present.It remains to be seen whether one or both of Hincapie and Kilman will end up joining Tottenham before next season gets underway, although it seems clear that Spurs are looking to add some much-needed quality to their back three as a matter of priority. They were recently urged to push through the signing of a new central defender at the earliest opportunity by former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, who told Football Insider: "Everyone in football knows that defence is hopeless. [Eric] Dier is not a good centre-half. "You buy a good centre-half and that sorts so many problems out. Look at Liverpool when [Virgil] van Dijk went there, it was like it changed overnight. I think Tottenham need good centre-halves. They need to sort that defence out because they are not good enough."Strikers must fancy their chances coming up against the defence. They are not even close to winning anything because they are shipping too many goals. We will see what happens between Conte and Daniel Levy, that is a conversation I would love to hear." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.