Bruno Fernandes has hinted that Marcel Sabitzer may make his Manchester United debut against Crystal Palace on Saturday after revealing the Austrian is fully fit. The 28-year-old was a late signing from Bayern Munich on deadline day as Erik ten Hag moved to bring in cover for the injured Christian Eriksen. United were not expected to be active again in the transfer market after the arrival of Wout Weghorst however the club had their hand forced after Eriksen was ruled out until late April with an ankle injury. The Red Devils moved quickly sealing a deal for Sabitzer within 12 hours with the midfielder joining on loan until the end of the season. Attention has already turned to when he might make his debut and Fernandes has dropped a hint on the situation. The Portugal international suggested that it could be as soon as this weekend when the Red Devils take on Palace in the Premier League given the player has a clean bill of health. "We’re really happy to have him, we think he can help us,” he said after United's 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest in midweek. “Tomorrow I’ll be with him, I’ll talk a little bit with him and see. I think he’s fully fit, he’s been playing, so hopefully, he’ll help us a lot." DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround Fernandes was also keen to talk up the ability of the incoming signing however stressed that he faces a battle to get regular game time given the quality that is already in the squad. "He’s a good player, a really good midfielder,” he explained. "He can shoot from outside of the box, he can score great goals. He’ll give us more options in the midfield while Christian is injured. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer "He’s another one who’ll make it difficult for everyone in the team to have a place. Even for him, he knows he has to push himself to the highest level to be playing for us now and everyone that is starting – for example me, Casemiro and Fred – we know it costs a lot to have a place in the team and we have another one fighting for that position so we have to give our best.” It remains to be seen if Sabitzer will play any part against Palace this weekend with kick-off at Old Trafford at 3pm on Saturday.