Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly has been warned that it would be a “stupid decision” to sell Mason Mount this summer amid a contract standstill between the club and player. The England star has less than 18 months left on his current deal at Stamford Bridge and there have been reports that he could leave at the end of the season, with Liverpool one of the teams interested in the midfielder. The Blues have reportedly paused talks with Mount until the end of the season as they have not been able to reach a breakthrough in negotiations. The 24-year-old is hoping for a pay increase in line with the top earners at the club and several of Boehly’s new signings, though the American owner could sell him in the summer if the two parties cannot agree on a new contract. Former Arsenal and Chelsea midfielder Emmanuel Petit has claimed that Boehly would be wrong to let Mount go as aside from the Englishman’s on-field ability, he also is a positive influence in Graham Potter’s dressing room. “Chelsea should try their best to keep Mount,” Petit told BoyleSports. “I know he’s been linked with some big clubs, but taking away this season, he has been remarkable and he’s grown up with the club. He was developing into a brilliant midfield player, with goals and assists, and I think this year has been a transition year for Chelsea - so don’t put everything in a rubbish bin. “He’s one of the last English players in the dressing room, too, which is very important for the fans. Chelsea should not make a stupid decision to sell Mount, he should stay at Chelsea.” Potter is facing significant pressure at Stamford Bridge, with Chelsea languishing in mid-table. The Blues have won just one game in 2023 following Sunday’s 2-0 defeat to local rivals Tottenham and questions have been raised over whether Potter is the right man to turn the team around. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route Former Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has been mentioned with the job as he and ex-Blues head coach Thomas Tuchel are among the top managers currently out of work. Petit believes that Zidane would not go for the Chelsea gig, however, as a language barrier would need to be overcome. “Zinedine Zidane doesn’t speak English so he’s not the proper choice for Chelsea to replace Potter,” Petit added. “With all due respect to my former teammate. Potter has been there since September, are you really going to fire him? They should stick with him as they still have the chance to win the Champions League. “If you sack Potter, someone who comes to the club straight away will have to adapt and do the right things and fans must understand it will take weeks and weeks. I won’t judge Potter now for the bad results.”