Primary school children in the UK will be shown a short film on the plight of young refugee children. Aardman Animations, the award-winning animation studios behind Wallace and Gromit, has released a four-minute short film about child refugees. The educational and colourful animation is set to be shown at schools to encourage empathy as they welcome refugees to the country.   The project was made together with Save the Children, a charity working to improve the lives of children. The short film was shown to a class of pupils and received a warm welcome. Speaking to the BBC, one child said: “I think it was really good because it's helping other people that are from a different country.” Another added: “It was great because it showed how to introduce people when they move to a new town.” READ MORE: Lukashenko won't help Putin for fear his military would 'switch sides' A third stated: “I really liked the film because at the end everyone got treated nicely.” The video is a colourful, child friendly depiction of a difficult subject often seen in the news as the Ukraine war rages on. The short film starts with a family of four being separated as bombs go off in a once happy home. Once, what is presumed to be a mother and child, arrive at their new home they are met with an environment that looks very different to their home. DON'T MISSChina warns US not to 'meddle' with Taiwan after controversial visit [REVEAL]Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of Tottenham game [INSIGHT]Bernie Ecclestone claims Michael Schumacher is affecting son Mick [UPDATE] Using the creative visuals of shapes and colours, the short film conveys the turbulent emotions experienced. Meanwhile, the short film has also garnered some buzz amongst the older generation, with many taking to social media to express their enthusiasm. One Twitter user wrote: “Aww that new Aardman animation made me cry. “They need to show it in all schools, not just primary age!” The production studio announced the film to their 79 thousand Twitter followers by writing: “To mark the one-year anniversary of the war in Ukraine, we've collaborated with @savechildrenuk on a short film to highlight the experience of refugee children around the world.” 