Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon’s critically acclaimed Apple TV+ series, The Morning Show, became a major hit when it debuted in November 2019. And now it has been revealed the cast have finished filming the third instalment after Jennifer Aniston updated fans on social media. Last week Jennifer Aniston, who plays Alex Levy in the drama series, gave fans a much-awaited update on season three of The Morning show. Aniston posed alongside co-star Reese Witherspoon, producers Kristin Hahn and Lauren Neustadter, on what looks like the set of The Morning Show. Alongside multiple behind-the-scenes snaps, the actress captioned the post: “That’s a wrap on season 3. Love love LOVE this @themorningshow crew, so much more to come.” Fans quickly fled to express their excitement for the upcoming season under the post. A third @nachitojeda commented: “This show is the reason why I pay for AppleTV+” and a fourth @jmatthewjohns agreed: “Can't wait!! One of the very best shows on tv with some of the best actors of all time!” Two days prior to Aniston’s post, co-star Witherspoon had also teased “the last days of shooting” in her own Instagram Sharing another montage of behind-the-scenes pictures the Legally Blonde star captioned her post: “Last days of shooting @themorningshow ! Season 3 is on the WAY!”  At the beginning of 2023 Witherspoon gave fans some insight into the third season’s storyline during an interview with Entertainment Tonight. The Oscar-winner explained: “It’s so good. We obviously added Jon Hamm, which has been so fun. We have all these new cast members who have just upped the game.” She added the upcoming season will include “lots more romance” but didn’t give anything more away as to which characters would be involved in the romance. But her character, Bradley Jackson, was involved in a love triangle in the previous season, so fans speculate her character could be the one in the middle of the romantic drama. Last season Aniston’s character, (Alex Levy), was the centre of a lot of drama after her relationship with a sexual predator was revealed. Once viewers of her daytime news show learned about Alex’s personal life after her divorce, the character faced backlash and things got worse after Alex tested positive for COVID-19 in the season two finale. And just when fans thought it couldn't get much worse for Alex, she had to come to terms with Mitch’s sudden death. Season two took a realistic turn as it mirrored the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, showing how New York City faced lockdowns amid the high numbers of ill patients. The many cliffhangers left fans desperately waiting to find out what would happen to the characters as they adjusted to the “new normal” that 2020 required. Thanks to Witherspoon, fans can expect to see more romantic scenes unfold between the characters in the next season. Although, it has not yet been confirmed when season three of The Morning Show will premier but as filming has finished it could be soon. Seasons 1 and 2 of The Morning Show are now streaming on Apple TV+. Season 3 is due to air sometime in 2023 