Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for the boss of the Government’s energy regulator to step down after failing to stop the forced installation of prepayment meters. In recent weeks, a host of energy companies have been exposed for sending debt agents to install expensive pay-as-you-go energy meters in people's homes who fall behind on their bills. They entered by force after receiving court warrants issued by magistrates. A recent investigation found that 500,000 of these warrants have been issued since July 2021. Mr Brown, who led the country under Labour country between 2007 to 2010, said Ofgem failed “dismally” to protect vulnerable Britons from these forced installations. He took aim at the regulator’s head honcho, Jonathan Brearley, in a scathing attack. The former Prime Minister told The Independent: “At this time of reshuffles, the Ofgem regulator should consider his position for failing on his responsibilities to energy customers subject to the forced installation of prepayment meters. “His official responsibility could not be clearer ... So he and, the now restructured Energy Department, should immediately explain why instead of being on the side of the public, they have failed dismally to properly monitor and expose utility companies and their debt agents who, in the middle of the worst cost of living crisis for fifty years, have been breaking into the homes of impoverished customers.”  “Blood is in the water and loan sharks are circling forcing people into a cocktail of debt. “A record number of families are now so deep in debt that they are turning to the door-step lender, and the pay-day lender standing outside the cut-price stores, the pub and the betting shop.” This comes after a report by The Times found that British Gas had been using a third party, Arvato Financial Solutions, to force-fit energy meters and pursue debts. The meters have to be topped up with credit for energy flow. In 2022, Citizens Advice saw more people unable to afford top-ups their prepayment meter than for the entirety of the previous 10 years combined as the energy crisis saw prices skyrocket. Under current Ofgem rules, suppliers need to offer payment plans that you can afford. And you can ask for emergency credit if you use a prepay meter and can't top up. READ MORE: Inside Britishvolt's collapse as UK's first gigafactory plans fail Since The Times’ investigation, Mr Brearley said he has asked suppliers to review the use of court warrants. He said: “Suppliers need to reassure us that the processes for customers being moved on to PPMs are compliant with all Ofgem rules and, until this is done, we have asked them to pause forced installations.” Earlier this week, Grant Shapps, who is now the Secretary of State for the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, accused Ofgem of “having the wool pulled over their eyes” by taking what the energy company bosses were telling them at face value. He also accused the regulator of not listening to customers. He said: ”I am appalled that vulnerable customers struggling with their energy bills have had their homes invaded and prepayment meters installed when there is a clear duty on suppliers to provide them with support. DON'T MISS Five top UK universities see collapse in European funding after Brexit [REPORT] Major nuclear fusion step forward brings UK closer to limitless energy [REVEAL] Meet the Australian firm reviving UK's first gigafactory dreams [INSIGHT] “They need to refocus their efforts on their consumers, the British public, who are at the receiving end of this abhorrent behaviour. “I’m also concerned the regulator is too easily having the wool pulled over their eyes by taking at face value what energy companies are telling them. They need to also listen to customers to make sure this treatment of vulnerable consumers doesn’t happen again.” An Ofgem spokesperson told Express.co.uk earlier this week: “We have been clear that all suppliers are accountable and responsible for every aspect of their business – including all contractors. “Suppliers’ number one objective is looking after their customers and as British Gas have said themselves, they are shocked by the allegations and not aware of any issues with Arvato before The Times presented its evidence.” Responding to Mr Brown's comments, Ofgem said: "The allegations against British Gas are shocking. Ofgem is focused on protecting vulnerable customers and that's why we acted swiftly to ask all suppliers to pause forced installations of prepayment meters whilst we conduct a deeper review into the issues. We have also launched a formal investigation into British Gas, and we have banned them from installing any more PPMs by force until British Gas's board can assure us that they can protect vulnerable customers."