 Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen agreed a new Brexit deal in Windsor on Monday, February 27. But do you support the deal which is designed to replace the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol? Vote in our poll.  Mr Sunak signed the Windsor Framework which makes a series of changes to the Northern Ireland Protocol to help solve issues surrounding trade and sovereignty. The deal includes the creation of green and red trade routes in the Irish Sea and a Stormont Brake to allow the Northern Ireland Assembly to block any EU law changes. Mr Sunak said at a joint press conference with Ms von der Leyen that Parliament will vote on the “breakthrough” deal at the “appropriate time and that vote will be respected”. He added: “I think it’s important we give everyone the time and space they need to consider the detail of the framework we’ve announced today.” He told BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme on Tuesday: “The framework is what we have agreed with the European Union. It’s an incredibly positive and comprehensive agreement, ensures that we have smooth-flowing trade within the UK internal market … This is not necessarily about me or any one political party. This is about what’s best for the people in communities and businesses in Northern Ireland.” READ MORE: Everything you need to know about the Windsor Agreement Labour Leaders Sir Keir Starmer has said that Mr Sunak’s Brexit deal is not “perfect” but pledged to support it in the Commons vote. He vowed not to “snipe” or “play political games” which could risk the progress of the Windsor Framework. Former Prime Minister Theresa May said: “The best move now is for everybody across this House to support this settlement.” While former Brexit Secretary David Davis wrote in The Independent that the deal was a “formidable achievement”. However, one senior Tory Leaver, Sir Edward Leigh, said the deal was “pretty futile” unless it got the Northern Ireland Assembly up and running again, adding that “it might be downright dangerous”. In a statement on Monday, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, the DUP leader, said: “We welcome the publication of the outcome of the Government’s negotiations with the EU which ends a period of speculation and spin, often from those who know little about Northern Ireland. In broad terms, it is clear that significant progress has been secured across a number of areas whilst also recognising there remain key issues of concern.” He continued: “The party will now assess all these proposed outcomes and arrangements against our seven tests, outlined in our 2022 Assembly election manifesto, to determine whether what has been published meet our tests and whether it respects and restores Northern Ireland’s place within the United Kingdom.” So what do YOU think? Do you support Mr Sunak’s Brexit deal? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.