All eyes will be on Tiger Woods this week and how he fares on his first PGA Tour non-major event since October 2020 - and he will do so alongside Rory McIlroy with the pair becoming close friends in recent years. Both Woods and McIlroy have arguably been the two biggest golf stars of the past two decades with the latter maturing into a spokesperson for the tour. The Northern Irishman has taken on a staunch role in fighting against the controversial LIV Golf series and he's been backed by Woods at every turn. Ahead of the Genesis Invitational, Woods paid credit to "our ambassador, Rory" for leading the way for the PGA in regular meetings and discussions. But that friendship between the pair was established long before the duo paired up to fight the defamation lawsuit handed to them by Patrick Reed's lawyer. It was a rare occurrence for Woods to strike up any friendship on the tour during his heyday with his persona very much being to try and strike fear in all of his competitors. That stance softened later in his career and coincided with McIlroy's rise to superstardom in the early 2010s. Their relationship appeared to blossom when McIlroy left Titleist to join Nike as an ambassador alongside Woods, who had previously been the flagship golf star with the global sports brand.  Instead of being pitted against one another, the duo appeared to hit it off instantly with McIlroy admitting back in 2012 that he and Woods would often give each other stick. McIlroy said: “He always asks me, ‘Seriously, how tall are you?’ I’ll say, ‘5-foot-9.’ ‘Yeah, but without the hair? That’s 5-7, right? “But I give him grief about all sorts – getting old, getting bald. He doesn’t take himself too seriously, certainly not when I’m around. … I’ve been seeing loads of Tiger and I’ve got to know the person.” It was only earlier that year that the pair played together for the first time in an official event in Abu Dhabi. Woods' fitness and personal issues meant that his time on the tour became more limited in the latter years of the 2010s. But McIlroy was one of the first to reach out to Woods after the American icon's horrifying car crash in 2021.  That friendship has stayed true to this day and is seemingly even stronger than ever as the pair launched a new sports and entertainment venture together last year called 'TMRW Sports'. Soon after, it was announced the pair would be heading a new team golf league in partnership with PGA Tour - seemingly in response to the creation of LIV Golf. The announcement came at the same time as a host of improvements to the PGA Tour including elevating the status of a number of tournaments along with increased prize money. McIlroy also played alongside Woods at The Match in December for what was the 47-year-old's first TV appearance since missing the cut at The Open. Now the pair will walk alongside each other once again at the Genesis Invitational with bragging rights up for grabs in the latest chapter of their close friendship.