NCIS Hawaii fans said a tearful goodbye to Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) after she took on a new job on the seas earlier in this series. While fans have received small updates about Lucy, many were thrilled to see the agent make her long-awaited return.   Throughout season one, Lucy and Kate (Tori Anderson) had a rocky relationship but during the finale, they decided to give things another go. However, the two were forced apart again after Lucy revealed she would be leaving the island. During the breakup, she applied for a new role as a special agent afloat and had been offered the position. As a result, Lucy was assigned to a ship and taken away from Hawaii, where she left her loved ones behind for four months. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie   Although she was yet to make an appearance on screen, fans were glad to be treated to an update on the beloved character last month. As Kate told her colleague Jesse (Noah Mills): “She's good, Lucy's even comfortable enough to stand on the flight deck now. “She's been sending me a lot of pictures but turns out the middle of the ocean looks like the middle of the ocean no matter what amazing country you're anchored in.” Although fans were pleased with the update, NCIS Hawaii sent its viewers into a frenzy when Lucy appeared on screens in Monday's episode.     Taking to Twitter, @amybrookheimer wrote: “Ok watching #ncishawaii time to FINALLY get good lucy content again.” A thrilled @liltree tweeted: “LUCY I missed your little face so much #NCISHawaii.” A third fan @KacyShip4Life added: “WOW  a great episode I loved every moment of it!! Lucy back on our screen solving crime, #KACY phone call.” @heartmyunbreak shared: “At first I said I was not ok Lucy leaving, but it looks like shes ok in the ship so I'm now happy. I can wait longer for #kacy reunion.” DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]NCIS recently paid tribute to crew member Fred Tate [INSIGHT]NCIS fans 'creeped out' by serial killer's 'sick' murders in CBS first [INSIGHT]   An excited @Eloisetalkstv stated: “#Kacy phone scene has my heart #NCISHawaii.” As @BLGNature noted: “Yas/ Lucy is back! Lucy being back is great for Ernie. They play well off each other, and I think Lucy adds focus for him.” (sic) Although they were in a long-distance relationship fans were also hopeful the two will eventually reunite in person this season, as the show has yet to be renewed for another season. During their phone call, Lucy expressed her concerns about the lack of workload on the ship.    She shared: “The command investigator is on emergency leave and I’m assuming her caseload too and there’s still nothing to investigate.” Lucy added: “All I’ve done so far is help the security force with a toilet paper prank, investigate someone getting shorted at the ship store and look into the case of the Commander’s missing hat." To which, Kate responded: “I miss you,” before they were interrupted by a medical emergency alarm. Thankfully for fans, they can expect to see Luy back in Hawaii soon, as showrunner Christopher Silber told TV Line viewers can expect a "good deal of action" from her in future episodes.  NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the US and on Disney+ in the UK. 