Max Verstappen has surprisingly failed to commit to whether his new Red Bull vehicle is better than his 2022 Championship-winning car. Verstappen enjoyed an excellent first testing session in Bahrain on Thursday and looks primed for another successful year. The Dutchman topped the timesheet at the end of the first day of pre-season testing. He led both the morning and afternoon sessions and finished with a score of 1m 32.837s. Verstappen roared to a Championship triumph in 2022, winning with far more ease than he did the year before, when a tense battle with Lewis Hamilton went down to the final lap of the year. But the 25-year-old has ominously not committed to saying whether his new car is an improvement on last year. “It’s difficult to tell at the moment,” Verstappen said when asked if it is better. “But the car is running well, and I think that’s the most important.” JUST IN: Max Verstappen's 'biggest strength' named by F1 teammate Sergio Perez The two-times world champion explained that pre-season testing has already felt different this year. Twelve months ago, drivers were forced to adapt to sweeping regulation rules, but that is not the case this year. “[The car is] a bit of an evolution from last year. I think last year was more a time where you were really adapting to the car, really understanding what you had to do,” Verstappen added. “Of course, with all the knowledge from last year, I think it’s already a much easier start for everyone to come back here. It’s nice to see the new car, how it has evolved from last year, how the behaviour is a bit different, and also because of the tyres.” DON'T MISS...Max Verstappen chat at F1 testing is not good news for Lewis HamiltonWhat we learned in F1 pre-season testing as Verstappen goes fastestSergio Perez admits Red Bull have pre-season 'problems' Verstappen is one of the favourites to win the world championship for a third-consecutive year. That is despite Red Bull being hit with a wind tunnel penalty for breaching Formula One’s spending cap. He described the first day of testing as ‘smooth’. Verstappen concluded: “It was good. A lot of laps, so that’s of course what we wanted. [It was] basically a smooth day [with] no issues. “We could really focus on the car, try a few things, to understand also the new tyres for this year. We got loads of running during the day when it was really hot, or kind of hot, and in the evening as well – so a pretty okay day.”