If you fancy treating yourself to some new headphones but don't want to pay premium prices, Sony may have the answer. The Japanese technology giant has just announced the arrival of two new cans which offer some pretty impressive specs without busting the budget. First up there's the WH-CH520 which should be perfect for anyone who wants to listen to music for hours on end without worrying about the battery running flat. Sony is promising that these music makers will keep the songs playing for up to 50 hours without needing a refill - that means you can could listen solidly for two days and still have some power left in the tank! They will also offer improved voice calls thanks to one-touch controls and there are high-quality microphones tucked inside plus noise suppression processing. This basically means the WH-CH520 collects sound and reduces ambient noise so you should be heard even when sitting in a busy cafe. The WH-CH520 will arrive next month in black, blue, white and beige and cost just £60. The only thing they don't feature is Active Noise Cancelling but Sony also has that covered thanks to the launch of the new WH-CH720N. These headphones include that all-important ANC which means you should only hear your music and nothing else. This is all powered by Sony's integrated Processor V1 which helps eliminate external sound. These headphones also get two microphones in each earcup coupled with a Dual Noise Sensor which also helps reduce the distractions around you. Express.co.uk hasn't yet put the WH-CH720N to the test but Sony is renowned for producing some of the best noise-cancelling cans in the business so we expect some big things from these latest headphones. Other features coming to the WH-CH720N include a lightweight design, comfortable synthetic leather and 35 hours of listening time on one charge. They are also out next month and cost £130. Both the WH-CH720N and WH-CH520 inlcude Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE) which produces a high-quality sound exactly as the artist intended and there is Swift Pair and Fast pair for an easy connection to external devices.