Tennis icon John McEnroe enjoys a luxurious lifestyle, and small wonder after amassing a fortune from both his playing and punditry career in the sport. The seven-time Grand Slam champion, who is a cult hero at Wimbledon after winning three times at SW19, has a staggering net worth of £90 million.  And he makes the most of it. After his marriage to Academy Award winner broke down, McEnroe married rock singer Patty Smyth in 1997. The pair live in Manhattan, but have also invested in multiple other houses in America. In 2013, they bought a ranch-style home in Malibu for £2.7 million.Two years later and in 2015, they forked out £17 million for a dream home in Malibu's exclusive Paradise Cove. Not content with that, the couple own around £41.5 million worth of real estate in Los Angeles. Then there is the £4.2 million two-acre estate in Southhampton, New York, and the outspoken pundit has also been the proud owner of a Manhattan art gallery since 1993. The American has had a lifelong passion for art, once paying £35,00 for a portrait of himself painted by Andy Warhol. JUST IN: Alex Corretja explains why Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal aren't friends and don't hang out McEnroe's car collection is also extensive, with his most famous purchase a Ferrari 400i after which the car was opened for auction in 2015. A tribute to Giles Villeneuve, he later sold the vehicle, before it was auctioned off by Catawiki two years ago. But his income isn't restricted to tennis exploits. McEnroe has made the most of his famous fiery temper, having accepted numerous film and television roles since his tennis retirement. He also features in the current Netflix series that goes behind the scenes on the ATP Tour. DON'T MISS:Roger Federer 'in advanced talks' to join BBC Wimbledon coverage in huge tournament boostNovak Djokovic tipped to win three more Grand Slams as Rafael Nadal challenge dismissedStefanos Tsitsipas overwhelmingly backed for Grand Slam glory despite Aus Open heartbreak  He also narrated the 2020 Netflix series 'Never Have I Ever', and has guest-starred on sshows like Frasier, Curb Your Enthusiasm, 30 Rock, and "Saturday Night Live. He also appeared in the Adam Sandler films Mr. Deeds, Anger Management, and You Don't Mess with the Zohan, as well as many others. Wife Smyth also has her own reported net worth of £90 million. The couple have two children, whilst the tennis legend also has custody of the three from his first marriage.