A grandad has slammed his local council for failing to maintain a tree that is "towering" over his home, blocking out the sunlight and making it difficult for his grandson to visit in his wheelchair. Doug Lewis claims he has spent the past three years urging Northumberland Council to cut back an ash tree outside his house. When the 69-year-old moved into the home almost 40 years ago, the tree was small, but it has since grown so large he says that, in summer, he only gets one hour of sunlight a day. Mr Lewis, who lives on Kendal Drive in Cramlington, Northumberland, said the branches even touch his bedroom window when the tree is in leaf. He told Chronicle Live that the tree's roots had also pushed through the path outside his home in previous years, making it difficult for his grandson to visit in his wheelchair. "The main issue is the tree canopy and the lack of light to the property," Mr Lewis said. "When I moved here it was a nice little tree but no one has maintained it over those 40 years so it has just been getting bigger and bigger and now it is just towering over the property. "When you are in the house the branches are nearly touching the bedroom window. "There are no leaves on the tree at the moment but when it is in leaf we have about a one-hour window of sun. "The sun comes around the house at about noon and we started to get a little bit of sunlight in the house but within an hour it goes back behind the tree. "The leaves and branches also make the path look unsightly. "The roots come up through the lawn and the garden and have even pushed up through the tarmac path."  Mr Lewis said that while the council has smoothed over the path when the root appeared three years ago, they have removed it. "He said the tree litters the path with leaves and twigs which also make it a struggle for his grandson to use. "My grandson is disabled and my daughter has got a mobility car with a ramp for his electric wheelchair," he said. "The tree root was pushing the path up making it wobbly. The council didn't remove the tree root they just flattened the path." Mr Lewis is calling on Northumberland Council to cut the tree back significantly. He continued: "There should be a 30 per cent reduction in the tree canopy but we have been told it is a 'priority three' by the council which means there is no time scale for it to be done." He added: "You work all of your life and want to be able to enjoy your retirement but you have this massive tree towering over your property and your life." Northumberland County Council said it has to prioritise work on trees that pose the most risk to the public and said Mr Lewis' tree was a low priority as a result. However, it said it would carry out work on the tree in due course. A council spokeswoman said: "Our risk-based approach to tree works means we must attend first and foremost to trees that represent a current or developing public safety risk. "We are aware of the tree in question and the requests from Mr Lewis. "Works have been identified and these will be carried out according to our schedule of lower-priority works."