Gerard Pique, 36, split from Shakira, 46, after 11 years together in June last year after reports circulated of the footballer's infidelity. The footballer has now publicly discussed his new relationship with Clara Chia, 23, admitting he is like a "puppet" in their romance as she picks all his clothes for him. Gerard went Instagram official with Clara last month, sharing a selfie of the pair, as his ex Shakira released a diss track targeted at the new couple. Speaking to Spanish streamer Ibai Llanos, Gerard made his first public admissions about his new budding romance, even comparing himself to a "puppet". Gerard was asked whether he still kept up with fashion trends since he retired from professional football earlier this season. He replied: "The truth is I go with my girlfriend to the shops and she buys them for me. I'm a puppet." READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits This comes after the couple were filmed shopping on the streets of the Catalan capital together. Gerard has also made an admission about his ex Shakira, revealing she is the most famous person has met outside of his football career. In a YouTube interview, he said: "I would say, Shakira, probably, who was my partner. I'm thinking of Instagram followers and yes, I would say Shakira for that reason. "That's if it's not related to football because I think Cristiano Ronaldo is the person with the most Instagram followers in the world right now." Shakira took the new couple's decision to go public with their new relationship hard, releasing a diss track, which has since topped Spotify's global charts. The Columbian singer shared her feelings in the new track, Shakira Bzrp Music Sessions 53, which was released in January. Shakira issued a thinly-veiled dig over the professional footballer's new love as she quipped: "I'm worth two 22's. You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo. You traded a Rolex for a Casio." In an apparent swipe at the former Manchester United and Barcelona defender, Shakira sang: "A lot of gyms. But work your brain a little bit too." DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [INSIGHT] Olivia Wilde sets record straight as Super Bowl post sparks backlash [INSTAGRAM] NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27 [DEATH] Shakira makes another clear elusion to Clara with the lyrics: "She’s got the name of a good person. Clearly is not how it sounds." Gerard appeared to have responded to those lyrics by announcing Casio will become the sponsor of the King's League. In a now-viral clip, he also turned up to a Kings League event in a Twingo car, sparking more than 155,000 likes in less than 24 hours. Pique explained his sponsorship deal with Casio during a live stream of the King's League, he said: "We have an agreement with Casio," which was followed by laughter. Pique then added: "I'm serious... we have reached an agreement with Casio for the Kings [League], yes, because we have many countdowns and we have many watches... this watch is for life, I'm telling you!" Despite this, Gerard's lawyer recently praised the former couple for showing "great intelligence" in the way they resolved their split. Veteran family lawyer Ramon Tamborero, who represented the ex-footballer in his negotiations with the Colombian artist, insisted: "They have made a great effort for the good of their children, making sure they weren't the protagonists. Both of them have shown great intelligence." Shakira and Gerard share two sons: Milan, ten, and Sasha, eight.