Months of cold, wet weather may have left our gardens looking wild and unkempt. One area of the garden that will definitely require some TLC over the spring is your lawn. Over the winter months, lawns are put to the test, enduring paw prints, footprints, heavy frost, snow, strong winds and heavy rain. After a tough season, our lawns need a little boost in order to remain vibrant, green and healthy for the rest of the year. With this in mind, Fiona Jenkins from MyJobQuote, the UK’s leading trades matching site, has shared the three things lawns need in order to remain "healthy". To keep a lawn healthy, it needs moisture, sunlight, and good drainage, according to Fiona. She continued: "If any of these are missing, the lawn will suffer. Through regular use, your lawn will become compacted. This can lead to poor drainage, which can result in water pooling on the surface." READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home Luckily, improving drainage can be quite "easy". Each spring and autumn, go around your lawn with a rake or fork and aerate it. Make sure to fill in any holes in the lawn with sand to prevent weeds from coming through. Aerating allows stale carbon dioxide to leave, making room for fresh oxygen to go in. As well as drainage and air circulation, aeration helps break up any thatch that has piled up and helps reduce moss. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [UPDATE]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [ANALYSIS] To keep the grass in its best state, it needs food. It's recommended that you fertilise your lawn during the spring, summer and autumn months. Fiona suggested finding a complete fertiliser that contains all of the essential micronutrients as well as potassium, nitrogen, and phosphate. During dry weather, your lawn needs water or the grass could dry out and eventually die. Fiona said: "If you have a hosepipe or a lawn sprinkler, use this early in the evening to avoid scorching the grass. READ MORE: Steps to sow tomato seeds successfully - key temperature Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "If there is a hosepipe ban in place, you will have to water your lawn by hand with a watering can." However, it's worth noting that if a lawn is well-established the top layer of the grass will turn brown and die but the underlying roots will survive. Once it begins to rain again and receives regular water, your lawn will send up fresh blades of grass. If water can't be wasted, resist the temptation to water your lawn and use it elsewhere. It can be hard to know when to start mowing your lawn again after the winter months. Cutting the lawn in the winter can damage the grass blades and cause further damage to the soil underneath. Lawns should never be mown if the ground is wet, soft or frozen. Check your local weather forecast before deciding to mow your lawn or you could risk doing serious damage to your grass.