Manchester United are still reportedly conducting business as usual despite the potential takeover of the club with plans being put in place for the summer transfer window. Talks are currently ongoing over extending the contracts of Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw, David De Gea, Alejandro Garnacho and Diogo Dalot as Erik ten Hag looks to keep a hold of his key players. United were first put on the market in November after the Glazer family announced that it was 'commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives' for the club. This process took a step forward last week with Friday marking the Raine Group’s ‘soft deadline’ for offers with interested parties encouraged to make an informal bid by this date. Just two proposals have been publically confirmed at this stage, the first of which came from British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe and his Ineos group. The second from Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani is perhaps the more eye-catching with the bid likely to have support from the wealthy state of Qatar. However, this has made no difference to the day-to-day work at United according to ESPN with club sources maintaining a stance of ‘business as usual’. Club officials are currently looking ahead to the January transfer window as Ten Hag looks to add to his squad for a stronger tilt at the Premier League title next year. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture The Red Devils are not only working on additions either as the club seeks to keep a hold of their top stars. Talks are currently ongoing over new deals for Rashford, Garnacho, Shaw, De Gea and Dalot with all five out of contract within the next 18 months. However, United are not expected to engage in any lavish spending even if a takeover is completed before the summer. Some within Old Trafford are fearful that the club could soon be in breach of financial fair play regulations hence the need to restrain their expenditure. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat The plan to continue business as usual echoes the comments of Ten Hag with the Dutchman insistent that he and the players will continue to focus on on-field matters despite the takeover talk. "I think for the players, for the staff, for me of course, we are following the news,” he told Sky Sports ahead of United’s fixture with Leicester. “We are curious, about what will happen because we are committed to the club but it has nothing to do with us. "We have to focus on football. That is all that we have to do, we have to perform, we have to get the right results in and don't get distracted from things going around."