Around half a million people are not claiming Carer's Allowance although it could help them make ends meet during the worst cost of living crisis for 40 years. Britons could be eligible for this Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit if they care for someone for at least 35 hours a week. One in eight people provide care for someone else in the UK which works out at 10.6 million people in the UK who are supporting vulnerable elderly friends and relatives who need additional support. However, 500,000 of them aren't aware they could claim extra financial support from the DWP to help with their own living costs. To qualify for Carer's Allowance people will need to be looking after someone for 35 hours a week or more and not earn more than £132 a week. Although it's currently worth £69.70 a week, the exact amount someone receives will depend on other benefits they get. READ MORE: NatWest Digital Regular Saver among best savings accounts with 6% rate Carers don't have to be related to the person or live with them to qualify but if they share caring responsibilities with someone else, only one person can claim. If earnings are sometimes more than the cut-off of £132 a week it might still be worth putting in an application as expenses are also taken into account Expenses can include 50 percent of pension contributions, equipment and travel. All benefits are increasing in April in line with September 2022's inflation figure of 10.1 percent.    How much is Carer's Allowance going up in April? Carer’s Allowance will automatically rise from £69.70 per week to £75.74 from April 2023. This benefit is not included in the list of qualifying benefits for the one-off cost of living payments. Carers could also be entitled to Universal Credit payments from the DWP.  There are some other benefits people can claim once they have qualified for Carer's Allowance such as help with housing payments if they are entitled to Universal Credit. Some Universal Credit claimants also get help towards their council tax bills and up to 50 percent off water bills as well as discounts on shopping and bills at discountforcarers.co.uk  Applicants should go online and fill out the application form on the Gov.uk website. People who aren't eligible for Carer’s Allowance might get the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit so it's worth contacting the DWP to find out. 