Chelsea have been warned that the potential sales of two current stars could see the club lose its "soul”. Todd Boehly and co may look to raise funds following two transfer windows of big spending. The Blues have forked out over £600million since their takeover last year, while breaking the British transfer record on deadline day to sign Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. Fernandez joined Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos as January additions after a summer spending spree, while Christoper Nkunku and Malo Gusto have agreed deals to move to Stamford Bridge ahead of next season. A common complaint has been that Graham Potter’s squad is currently bloated due to the amount of signings, as a summer clear-out could be waiting at the end of the campaign. Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher are two players that have been linked with moves away from the club, and the former’s contract situation is complicating his future at Chelsea. Gallagher was the subject of significant interest in January following Fernandez’s arrival, as teams could return and tempt him away from west London. However, Arsenal icon Paul Merson has warned the Blues against selling two of their Cobham graduates. “I want him [Potter] to stay,” Merson wrote for Sportskeeda. “I'm not sure if he's the one bringing these players in. I'm watching these players and I wonder whether these signings are better than the players they've got. “They are absolutely not. So why are they buying these players? They might very well offload players like Mason Mount and Conor Gallager and profit off their sales because they are academy graduates. And then suddenly, they'll figure out that the club has lost its soul.” Mount’s contract is up at the end of next season and negotiations on a new deal have been paused as the two parties have been unable to find a solution. The England star is looking for a new contract in line with the highest earners at the club, though has recently dropped out of the starting lineup as Potter has preferred a front two of Felix and Kai Havertz. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Liverpool have been mentioned with a move for Mount, as Chelsea will have a decision to make at the end of the season over whether to sanction a sale if a new contract cannot be agreed upon. Gallagher has started just one game since the January window closed and Fernandez was brought to the club, though there was interest from both Everton and Newcastle in January. If the 23-year-old struggles to find consistent game time competing with Fernandez, Mateo Kovacic, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and the returning N’Golo Kante he may consider a summer transfer.