An avid runner and father-of-four has been told he has just days to live after he was diagnosed with cancer, leaving his family to lament that “life is cruel”. Jonathan Nichols, 45, was told on January 21 this year that he had only days to live, having suffered from persisting pains, fatigue and weight loss in the summer of 2021. His family have opened up about the huge toll the news has had on them, though they have applauded Mr Nichols’ determination to continue with his normal life despite the illness.    Mr Nichols’ wife Kimberley and kids are rallying together to make the most of the time they have left together. Speaking of her husband's shock diagnosis, Kimberley, 47, told the Manchester Evening News: “He went in there really positive thinking everything was going to be fine. It was going to be nothing.” Mr Nichols has been diagnosed with chronic myeloid leukaemia, a devastating form of cancer with a high mortality rate. The avid runner, who is from Leeds but now lives in Formby, Merseyside, immediately began treatment when he found out about the cancer, but sadly it only worked at the beginning.    “They tried all lines, but nothing worked,” Ms Nichols said. “They gave him harsh chemotherapy to give him the best chance.” “I knew, I kind of just knew,” Kimberley said, recalling the moment the family were given the news. “I just had that gut feeling. I was in Jonathan’s room and he always had his blinds open. I could see them all meeting and talking. “They all came in together and I knew it wasn’t good news. The consultant bent down on his knees, held his hands and said his condolences.” READ MORE: Chemicals in cosmetics linked to three cancer types in research   She added: “The palliative team rang me and I asked them, ‘Are we still talking weeks?’ “They said it was days and I didn’t tell a soul. I didn’t tell anyone that information.” Five weeks on, Jonathan continues to defy doctors who have been left “mesmerised” by his inspiring positivity. Since his diagnosis, he’s not taken a single day off work as his job as CEO of an academy trust. Ms Nichols said: “When he was having his transplant, he had his laptop open and was doing Zoom calls while attached to chemo. It’s not like he’s saying, ‘Look at me,’ it’s about his love of his job. It’s about doing better for education and every child.” DON'T MISS: Man diagnosed with cancer months after losing partner to disease [REVEAL] Popular diet could raise risk of cardiovascular disease - study  [REPORT] Gran warned by doctors her mouldy house 'could kill her' [REVEAL]   Kimberley and her children Joshua, 28, Joel, 22, Oliver, 13 and Tabatha, eight, are now trying to appreciate every moment they have with their husband and father while he is with them at home. “It’s been horrific,” Ms Nichols said. “If someone were to tell us at the time that it would be days, you’d crave these weeks. But they’ve been really difficult. “We’ll cherish them. We had a fish and chip night and sat in the bedroom together and he managed to do letters for everyone, he’s written birthday cards. “Life has been cruel and every time I feel like we’ve got over a day, the next day gets harder. His one wish was that he always wanted to be at home and not a hospice. “He has two young children and I don’t want their memories of their dad to be that way. I wouldn’t wish this part on anyone to go through.” Jonathan’s son Joshua is now set to run the Manchester Marathon to raise money for the Clatterbridge Cancer Charity, which helped care for Jonathan during his time at the Clatterbridge Cancer centre. To donate, follow the link by clicking here. READ NEXT: Mother fights to get state pension early due to terminal cancerMichael Flatley in cancer update as he makes red carpet returnThe social factor that could be as bad for your health as smokingWoman, 35, hit by bowel cancer shares the 'first' signSterling Hayden battled prostate cancer in the lead up to his death  