Donny Osmond has been in the music industry for over 50 years at this point, and he recently made his debut in Las Vegas in a powerful residency slot. Taking place at Harrah's Las Vegas, the American star created an "energy-filled musical journey" for guests to experience. Now, he's bringing this experience to the UK for the first time in a 12-date UK tour this year, hitting such massive cities as London, Liverpool, Cardiff and more. Tickets come out at the end of the week, but there's a small window for presale tickets - so act fast. Presale tickets for Donny Osmond's UK tour go on sale Wednesday, February 22, 2023, at 10am. This event is a Ticketmaster presale event, so tickets will need to be purchased from the retailer directly here. Fans of Donny Osmond can gain access to these presale tickets by creating an account on Ticketmaster's website and registering their interest on their account. After receiving a presale code or registration, fans will be able to purchase presale tickets once they get through the virtual queue. Tickets for the bigger shows, such as in London, Manchester, and Brighton will run out fast, so if you're looking for tickets to these events, you'll need to plan accordingly. Donny will also be holding an artist presale event on Tuesday, February 21, 2023, at 10am - however these presale tickets will only be available for some venues. Places such as Glasgow and Manchester will have their own artist presale tickets which can be acquired through signing up to Donny Osmond's newsletter. But you'll have to check your preferred venue to see if it is included in the presale list. But - have no fear - if fans miss out on the presale event, the general onsale tickets will be released later this week, as well. Donny Osmond general onsale tickets go on sale Thursday, February 23, 2023, at 10am. Tickets can be purchased from a number of ticketing sites, such as Ticketmaster and See Tickets. However, these will be in high demand, so it is advised to act fast and buy tickets as quickly as possible. In order to avoid disappointment, it is suggested that fans sign up to their chosen ticketing website early and save their credit card details to ensure a faster checkout. Once this has been done, it is imperative to get onto the website early to secure a better spot in the virtual queue. When fans eventually get into the digital line, it is also very important that they do not refresh the web page or open another tab with a queue in, as this could mess up their chances. Donny Osmond will kick off his UK tour on Tuesday, November 28, 2023, at the Hull Bonus Arena. This enormous venue will mark the beginning of his massive 12-date tour that is made up entirely of arenas. On his journey, Donny will be hitting such incredible venues at Nottingham's Motorpoint Arena, Bournemouth's International Centre and Leeds' First Direct Arena. He'll be finishing off the tour - which celebrates six decades in music - at London's legendary Eventim Apollo. Here, Donny will be playing two dates from December 13 to December 14. Speaking about returning to Great Britain, Donny said: "Performing in the UK has always felt like coming home and I'm thrilled to be returning for a tour at the end of this year." Giving a tease of what's to come, he added: "I'm bringing the whole cast from my new Las Vegas production that highlights six decades of entertaining. I can hardly wait to revisit those Osmondmania memories with everyone. The only difference is, they're going to let me land at Heathrow this time." Buy tickets to Donny Osmond's UK tour here.