Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) will be back as the lead detective alongside his sidekick Fred Thursday (Roger Allam). It will be an emotional moment for both the cast and viewers as the final episodes of the ITV detective drama play out. In a new interview, Roger opened up about filming his final scenes and admitted he will miss "working with Shaun" in a moving tribute. Speaking with Ranvir Singh on Lorraine, the actor began: "Of course, I'll miss it. "I'll miss playing the character, I've loved playing Fred. "But most of all, I'll miss meeting with that lovely group of regular characters that we've had over all these years and most of all, working with Shaun." The ITV host chipped in: "Yeah, well, that relationship is the basis of everything, isn't it? READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "How has that changed over 10 years both personally for you two as actors? Also, as your characters have grown?" "Well as actors, I mean, I've never worked with someone on the same programme, over such a length of time," the Fred Thursday star replied. "So we've got to know each other very well, and I think we trust each other."  He added: "We worked together very well as a team." Roger went on to tease fans about how the season finale will end, hinting his character could die. When asked whether there were tears when filming their final scenes, the actor told Ranvir: "Yes there were certainly very close to tears on some last scenes with particular people. "The mystery has always been for the fans, why John Thaw's Morse never mentions a man called Fred Thursday. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'I'll be waiting' as he speaks on series 13 future [INSIGHT]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION] "So, there has to be some kind of explanation of that." "Some sort of final..." Ranvir nodded in agreement as Roger hinted at his fate: "A final parting of the ways, possibly even a death." In another interview, the 69-year-old recalled his "terribly emotional" final moments filming with Shaun. He said: "It’s literally true that this is the parting of the ways for both the characters and the actors.  Let’s say it helped access the emotions of the scene. "Although Shaun and I have seen each other since and we will see each other again, it’s like this when you end the run of a play, you know you will never meet again to do this thing we have done over all of these years. "It’s right, of course, but it’s very sad. I’m filled with admiration for Shaun. He has had the most extraordinary energy and commitment to Endeavour over all of these years." Endeavour airs Sunday on ITV at 8pm. 