Manchester United have been urged to exercise caution before spending a potential £100million fee on Napoli striker Victor Osihmen in the summer, as both the Red Devils and Chelsea have reportedly been keen on the Nigerian. The 24-year-old has 18 goals in 19 Serie A appearances so far this season and has spearheaded an attack that has Napoli 15 points clear at the top of the table. United and Chelsea could both be in the market for a striker in the summer, as Erik ten Hag has just Wout Weghorst and Anthony Martial at his disposal as recognised centre-forwards while the Netherlands ace could return to Burnley at the end of the season. Despite Todd Boehly’s huge spending at Stamford Bridge, they could also add a striker in the summer. Former United striker Dimitar Berbatov has admitted that while he “loves” watching Osimhen for Napoli and rates the striker, he has urged a slight caution over potentially repeating Chelsea’s disappointing summer transfer for Kalidou Koulibaly. The Senegalese defender moved from Naples to Chelsea for £33m but has fallen rapidly down the pecking order under Graham Potter and could even be offloaded in the summer. “Kalidou Koulibaly, who came to the Premier League from the same team, is now down the pecking order at Chelsea and this is how football sometimes works,” Berbatov told Betfred. “He was unbelievable for Napoli, where a lot of major clubs were in for him, but he decided to go to Chelsea. Sometimes when you move to a new league, all of a sudden you can find yourself in a difficult situation. “So coming back to Osimhen, you need to be cautious and know whether it’s the right move for you. Regardless of all that, Osimhen is a great footballer who’s in great form and is scoring lots of goals. You want somebody like this in your team. “This is a player I love to watch. He’s scoring goals for fun now, he’s quick and he’s capable of scoring goals from many different positions on the pitch. When you watch him play, you can see how he’s capable of finding the space and positioning himself in the box.”  Berbatov claimed that while he believes that Osimhen would be a “good fit” for United, he reiterated the need for caution and that his strong performances in Naples do not guarantee that he would be a success at Old Trafford. “He’s a natural goalscorer who’s on fire at the moment,” Berbatov added. “He would be a good fit for Manchester United and I say ‘good fit’ because I don’t want to judge any transfer and say 'He’s going to be a great signing', because in the past we’ve witnessed players come to the Premier League from abroad and be less successful than others expected them to be. "I’m cautious in this way but this is a player that does deserve special attention based on the goals that he’s scoring.”