Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City are all set to be involved in the chase for Brighton midfielder Alexis Mac Allister this summer, according to reports. The Seagulls have made a habit out of buying cheap and selling high, while the Argentina international's stock has gone through the roof in recent months after winning the World Cup with Argentina. Mac Allister landed at the Amex Stadium in 2019 after Brighton forked out a measly £7million to prise him away from Argentinos Juniors. The versatile midfielder had to wait patiently for first-team responsibility, only truly becoming an integral part of the starting XI last season. He is currently in the midst of his best-ever campaign, with seven goals scored in all competitions and a World Cup triumph under his belt. The 24-year-old started all seven matches for Argentina in Qatar as they beat France in a dramatic penalty shootout. The Daily Star claim that Arsenal, Liverpool and Man City will be joined by Chelsea in the race for Mac Allister this summer, with Brighton's £70m valuation poised to be met if a bidding war breaks out. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure The Gunners are still in need of squad depth despite the acquisition of key reinforcements in January. Mac Allister would represent a long-term option in midfield, contrary to 31-year-old Jorginho, and the Argentine could also mount a serious challenge to upset the current starting trio. Liverpool are in desperate need of new midfielders with Jurgen Klopp struggling to get a tune out of his stale side this term. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita are both set to leave on free transfers, which would free up space in the squad for Mac Allister.  City boss Pep Guardiola is currently well-stocked in the middle of the park but that could change, with both Ilkay Gundogan and Bernardo Silva linked with exits. Chelsea, meanwhile, have been ruthlessly gobbling up the continent's best talent since Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital took charge of the boardroom. Mac Allister is contracted to Brighton until 2025 and the Seagulls have the option to trigger a 12-month extension, although they aren't expected to stand in his way if an opportunity to play Champions League football presents itself. "I'm focused on Brighton," the player himself told Sky Sports shortly after the World Cup. "They know how grateful I am and I'm not in any rush to leave. I'm really happy here and I enjoy every day so I will continue to do my best." The Seagulls also have another promising young midfielder in Moises Caicedo, who could follow Mac Allister out the door in the summer after Arsenal and Chelsea had significant bids rejected in January.