Limescale, soap scum and dirt from body oils are some of the main culprits for grime around the shower area. Mildew as well as pink and black mould are also fairly common and can easily be cleaned using natural products and tools. Using natural solutions instead of opting for harsh products can help save you cash and save you from having to breathe in the strong scent of chemicals. Laura Harnett, founder of Seep eco-cleaning products, has explained exclusively to Express.co.uk how to clean your shower head using natural products like white vinegar. Firstly, homeowners need to find out whether their shower head can be removed. If it can be removed, this should be done first and placed in a bucket or sink filled with white vinegar. Just be careful not to lose the rubber washer or it may be impossible to reattach. Or, it could cause leaks when reattached. READ MORE: Home where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years Laura added: “Leave the shower head in vinegar overnight or just for 30 minutes if it’s nickel, gold or brass. “Rinse the shower head with warm water and then scrub with an old toothbrush to remove any mould that’s clinging on. “Vinegar is a natural disinfectant so the shower head will be super hygienic as well as sparkling clean.” Rinse the shower head once again and reattach it. If the shower head cannot be removed, the same method can be used but by placing the shower head inside a plastic bag and filling it with vinegar. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Six ‘quick and easy’ natural remedies to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ [UPDATE]Best washing machine setting for ‘significant’ savings [ANALYSIS] The bag will remain attached to the shower head using either a hair tie or an elastic band. To remove any soap scum and limescale, homeowners can use bicarbonate of soda which is also known as baking soda. The baking ingredient needs to be mixed with water to create a stiff paste. This can then be used with a sponge to gently scrub away the tougher residue. When it’s all removed, flush out the shower system with warm water and rub a cut lemon over the chrome to give it a good shine. READ MORE: ‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you don’t have white vinegar or baking soda at home, they can be found in most supermarkets or online. Wilko Original White Vinegar costs £1.50 for one litre and Dri-Pak Pure White Vinegar costs £2 for 500ml from Ocado. Arm and Hammer Baking Soda costs £3.99 from Amazon, Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda costs £1.19 from Savers and Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75. The tools you choose to clean the shower are just as important as the cleaners used. Over 80 percent of washing-up sponges are made from virgin plastic, which can’t be recycled, totalling a massive 600 million sponges added to landfill every year in the UK. Eco sponges and scourers are made with renewable materials including wood pulp and natural loofah fibres which are highly absorbent, long-lasting and durable. They’re also 100 percent compostable with the sponge able to be placed in a kitchen composter or garden bin when it needs replacing - which is typically monthly. Some natural alternatives to plastic washing-up sponges include Seep’s Eco Sponge With Scourer which cost £9.50 for four, working out at £2.38 per sponge. Composty® 'Pop-Up' Eco Sponges cost £5.99 for six sponges and Zero Waste Club Biodegradable Kitchen Sponges cost £3.15 for two from Ocado.