Christian Pulisic has returned to Chelsea training for the first time since suffering a knee injury in early January. The USMNT star has been sidelined since the start of the year after coming out worse in a challenge with Manchester City's John Stones. Pulisic suffered an injury to his knee to keep him out of action, ruling him out of a possible January move away from Stamford Bridge. Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly's spending spree last month meant Graham Potter has not been left short in his attacking options, with Joao Felix, Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke all arriving. The trio's signings have placed further doubt on Pulisic's future, with the 24-year-old's deal expiring in the summer. Despite the reinforcements, Chelsea's fortunes haven't seen much of an overturn, with just three goals in their nine previous games. JUST IN: Mykhaylo Mudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route Saturday's 1-0 defeat to bottom-of-the-table Southampton was evidently a calling message for further quality in the final third and Pulisic could be set to provide just that. On Wednesday, the winger posted an image of him and Mason Mount posing for a picture out on the Cobham training ground with the caption: "Back outside boyz." The American has contributed to only three goals this season and has found minutes on the field difficult to come by under both Thomas Tuchel and Potter. However, with less than five months remaining of his deal in England, the final stages of the 2022/23 campaign could prove to be telling in Pulisic's next career move. Pulisic has largely flattered to deceive at Chelsea following his £58m ($70m) move from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. The 24-year-old has scored 26 goals in 136 appearances for the Blues, however, 11 of those came in his first season in the Premier League. In an interview with Sporting Post, former Premier League goalkeeper Friedel said of Pulisic’s future: "It goes back to having too many players at Chelsea. Look at who he is up against. "I’m not one of those people who says someone should leave if they’re not playing because I believe you need to fight for your place and prove your worth. "But if there aren’t going to be opportunities, Christian is one of the most important players for USA so we’re going to want him to be playing consistently. "It’s going to be one of those summers where either he is told he is in Chelsea’s plans and they offer him a new deal, or he gets sold. "Looking at things I’m thinking it’s probably the latter and we’ll see him somewhere else which could be good for him to play consistently."