A fresh mystery surrounding the disappearance of Nicola Bulley has emerge over why her beloved cocker spaniel, Willow, was found without a harness after the mother vanished. The search for the missing mother of two continues after she disappeared last Friday near a river in St Michaels on Wyre in Lancashire. Since her disappearance, photos she shared to the Strava app on separate walks have shown her beloved pet wearing its harness on the route even when the spaniel's lead had been removed.  Nicola was logged on to a work call on the walk but had her microphone and camera off when she disappeared. Nicola's phone was found unclocked on a bench near the river, and her dog was also found roaming in the nearby area. Her partner, Paul Ansell, said on Friday that it is like Nicola "vanished into thin air" as the family continues to share their heartbreak. He said: "I don't know how I am coping. I don't want to think about that. I am just focused on the girls. "Every single scenario comes to a brick wall. Every single one of them. "All we are doing is sitting there going round and round and round through each scenario. He went on: "We're never, ever going to lose hope, of course we're not, but it is as though she has vanished into thin air. "It's just insane." Lancashire Police are urging those with information to call 101, quoting log 473 of January 27. They also want anyone who believes they have seen Nicola to call 999. The force has launched a major search operation, warning people not to "speculate or spread false rumours" about the case. They have added that police do not believe any crime has been committed and are treating the incident as a missing person inquiry. Speaking to Sky News on Thursday, Nicola's sister Louise Cunningham said the ongoing ordeal feels like being "stuck in a nightmare." She added: "We're going round and round in circles trying to piece together what could have possibly happened. "It's like she's just vanished into thin air. We just want her home, we need her home, her children need her home. It's absolutely heartbreaking." Nicola's father, Ernie Bulley, was tearful as he described the "pain" the "close-knit family" are feeling. He said: "This has just emptied our lives at the minute, we just feel so empty. "We appreciate everything everyone is doing to find her. The police have been brilliant, the local community has been outstanding. But at the end of the day we just want her back. "We need the public to search their minds for anything they might have seen. The main thing is we want to find Nicola and get her back home. "There are two young children there waiting for their mummy to come back. And if Nicola is out there and she's watching this - come home, contact the police. We just want you back." 