  Ulrika Jonsson, 55, joked she “chose a good trainspotter’s name” for her own son, but argued that there was nothing wrong with the name former Love Island couple Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury, both 23, had given to their first-born child. On Monday, the pair delighted their fans with the news that Molly-Mae had given birth, and went on to share their daughter’s unusual name with the world.      Soon after the birth of their baby girl, the couple announced that they had named her “Bambi”. However, the star was sadly forced to turn off the comments on her Instagram post after people started trolling her for the unique name. Defending Molly-Mae in her latest column, Ulrika wrote: “She is getting trolled for calling the newborn Bambi – but I think, why not? It’s sweet enough. “Although her daughter may not enjoy the name once she gets to school age. Or starts dating. READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles    “Hence, I chose a good trainspotter’s name for my youngest – Malcolm. You can’t argue with that,” she wrote in her article for the Sun. Ulrika also went on to point out how young Bambi was likely going to “help” her mum’s flourishing career on social media. “I suspect Bambi isn’t just any old newborn. She’s going to help make Molly-Mae one of the greatest ‘mumfluencers’ around.” Before giving birth, Molly-Mae admitted that she knew her daughter's name would divide fans.      Speaking in a YouTube video, the PrettyLittleThing Creative Director said: "Yes, we do have a baby girl name picked out, I've had the name picked out since I was a baby girl myself. "It's always been a dream baby girl name and luckily when I met Tommy and I told him the name I've always dreamt of using, he absolutely loved it too. “It's a really really unusual and a different name, I do not know anybody else with the name. "I've not seen any other girls with the name before, it's that different,” she continued. READ MORE... Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [NEWS] Ant's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfit [NEWS] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [INSIGHT]      I think you guys are going to either absolutely love it or hate it - but we love it. "It's super unusual, super different, nobody will guess it because it's not really a name. "It's not made up, it's totally not made up, I can't explain it. It's just not a name that's ever been used before. “It's very very different and rare and you're either going to love it or hate it,” she concluded.      Fans have since speculated over whether Tommy and Molly-Mae have watched the Disney film Bambi, where an animated young buck experiences a lot of heartbreak early in his life. However, the name also has a couple of other meanings outside of the iconic Disney character. For example, the Italian words 'bambino' and 'bambina' mean 'baby boy' and 'baby girl' respectively. In Korean the name also roughly translates to “night rain” and in Arabic, it can mean “pink”.   