The TV and film actor is probably best known for Chicago Fire as Lieutenant Jeff Clarke, a former Marine who becomes a firefighter in the NBC drama’s second season before joining the sister show Chicago Med as a medical student. After his latest appearances in hit shows like Power Book II: Ghost and For All Mankind, Jeff Hephner will be starring alongside Marvel and Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch for a new venture on Netflix. Hephner has been cast in Eric, an upcoming UK crime drama from playwright and screenwriter Abi Morgan. Doctor Strange star Cumberbatch will lead the series as grief-stricken puppeteer Vincent Anderson. When his young son goes missing, Vincent “finds solace through his friendship with the titular character, the monster that lives under his son’s bed.” Hephner has been cast in a main role as politician Richard Castillo. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Castillo is officially described as “a charismatic, affluent politician who works for the Mayor’s Advisory Council on Motion Pictures and Television.” He’ll be joining the already confirmed cast which includes The Walking Dead’s Dan Fogler and Girls and Transparent alum Gaby Hoffmann. Also rounding out the main cast are Ozark’s McKinley Belcher III and Endeavour’s Phoebe Nicholls. Clarke Peters, Ivan Morris Howe, David Denman, Bamar Kane, Adepero Odyue, Alexis Molnar, and Roberta Colindrez have also joined in supporting roles. Eric will be split across six parts and is being produced by UK-based studio Sister. The indie production studio is best known for hit UK series such as The Split, Gangs of London, This Is Going to Hurt and the upcoming Prime Video drama, The Power. Hephner has celebrated the news this week by posting the latest article from Deadline confirming his casting on his Instagram story. The upcoming series promises to be one of Netflix’s most creative outputs yet as a dark and inventive thriller set in 1980s New York. DON'T MISS:You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two [TEASER]Chicago Fire's Carver set for romance after showrunner drops teaser [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Parker demoted as Vance delivers chilling news [VIDEO] An official description reads: “The desperate search of a father when his nine-year-old son disappears one morning on the way to school. “Vincent, one of New York’s leading puppeteers and creator of the hugely popular children’s television show, Good Day Sunshine, struggles to cope with the loss of his son, Edgar (Ivan Morris Howe), becoming increasingly distressed and volatile. “Full of self-loathing and guilt around Edgar’s disappearance, he clings to his son’s drawings of a blue monster puppet, Eric, convinced that if he can get Eric on TV then Edgar will come home. “As Vincent’s progressively destructive behaviour alienates his family, his work colleagues, and the detectives trying to help him, it’s Eric, a delusion of necessity, who becomes his only ally in the pursuit to bring his son home.” In a statement, Morgan said: “The chance to work with Benedict and the creative team at Sister and Netflix, is irresistible. “With Lucy Forbes at the directorial helm, I feel fortunate to be working at a time of such great creativity in our industry. Fingers crossed Eric will be a welcome addition.” Filming for the series is currently underway as of this month and will be shooting in New York and Hungary. Chicago Fire season 15 continues Wednesday, February 11 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.