Former F1 star turned pundit Martin Brundle has used Liverpool FC as an example to explain the problems that Mercedes are experiencing. Seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton will be worried by the theory after his car failed to impress during pre-season testing. Mercedes' new W14 model seemed to lack the same pace at world championship rivals Red Bull and Ferrari during pre-season testing last week in Bahrain. This weekend's opening race of the season will reveal if Mercedes have closed the gap to their competitors after struggling last season. This comes after a period when Hamilton had dominated F1 with six world titles in the last eight years. However, last year the British champion went without a race victory and finished sixth in the driver's championship. Brundle has compared Mercedes' troubles to that of Liverpool who have won the Premier League and Champions League under the reign of manager Jurgen Klopp but have struggled to replicate that same form this season. Talking about the challenges facing Mercedes on Sky Sports pundit Brundle said: "It's odd in a team, look at Liverpool right now for example, with just nuances or a couple of changes of personnel and philosophy or maybe a lack of confidence. READ MORE: Mercedes set to 'eat humble pie' as Lewis Hamilton and George Russell face new challenge   "That's what I'm seeing at Mercedes at the moment. I thought last year they would ace that car really quickly. When we saw it in the paddock a year ago we thought 'nobody is going to see that car for dust' which was wrong. "Clearly they've still got to finesse it and they needed to do it early. They'll need to get in there quickly and sort it." Mercedes technical director Mike Elliott said that the Silver Arrows have upgrades coming to their new W14 car but claims that they will be an “evolution” of their current model and not a 'Plan B'. DON'T MISS:  Fellow Sky Sports pundit Karun Chandhok says that this season is an important one for the Mercedes engineers and the radical 'zeropod' concept which they have stuck with this season. He added: "Designing a race car is an art, it's a creative process with the underpinnings of physics and mathematics but you need the creative juices to flow. "These designers who have come up with a concept at Mercedes have taken a bit of a battering, their drivers weren't happy and their team boss was pretty vocal publicly calling out what a bad car it was. Now they've come up with this car that hasn't hit the ground running. This confidence thing, what happens in 2024? At what stage do they give up on this concept and start from scratch." 