Steve Allen, who usually hosts a radio show from Sunday to Friday, explained his contract with LBC had finished and so after a discussion with the broadcaster, he decided to step down from his presenting role. A spokesperson for the radio station has also issued a statement following Steve's departure. In view of his 62,000 Twitter followers, the broadcaster began: "Some news from me, firstly thanks for all your questions. "My contract with LBC is up shortly and following discussions, I’m stepping down from LBC today. "I’d like to thank you all for listening over the last 44 years it’s been an honour and a privilege." A Global spokesperson went on to say: “Steve Allen’s contract with LBC is up shortly and, following discussions with him, Steve is stepping down from LBC today. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "We thank him for his enormous contribution to commercial radio over the past 44 years, making him one of the longest-serving radio broadcasters in the UK.” Steve's followers were quick to comment on the news, with many wishing him well in the future. Twitter user @Loffree wrote: "I am truly gutted! I love you Steve and in your honour, I'm off to Joe Allen's! "Early mornings will not be the same! #BringBackSteveAllen." Kit Bradshaw penned: "His early morning shows are legendary. Not to everyone’s taste but a broadcaster of undisputed skill and with very loyal listeners. Big shoes to fill!" While user@MrDeltaHotelUK said Steve's departure was the "end of an era". "Really sad news - end of an era. Been listening to Steve for over 20 years," they said. "@LBC Big mistake losing Steve Allen.....your RAJAR figures won't be the same now." DON'T MISS...Outlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline  [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Noah to lose everything as fans 'work out' Samson exit [SPOILERS] David Lloyd went on to write: "There will never be anything quite like the Steve Allen show. "For so many breakfast show presenters on other UK stations, he started their days." (sic) Other fans questioned by the radio host didn't get a "goodbye show". Rob Osbourne quizzed: "Like him or not he has a huge following. And after 44 years of service to @lbc-, he doesn't get a goodbye show!?" (sic) Over the years, Steve has interviewed a host of famous faces. He has invited the likes of Ricky Gervais, Piers Morgan and Jimmy Carr onto his show, In Conversation. LBC is yet to confirm who will replace Steve's 4am slot.