Manchester United head coach Erik ten Hag has refused to comment on the future of Mason Greenwood after the striker's charges of attempted rape, assault and coercive control against first team striker Mason Greenwood were dropped on Thursday. The 21-year-old's future at the club has been left up in the air following the announcement by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). Criminal proceedings have been discontinued by the CPS, but Greenwood will still not be able to train or play for United while the club conducts its own internal investigation. He has been suspended by United for the last 12 months since being arrested and charged in January last year. Ten Hag addressed the topic in his press conference ahead of the Red Devils' clash against Crystal Palace on Saturday at Old Trafford, but the Dutchman stayed tight-lipped about his opinion on whether the England international would return to the club. “I can’t add anything. I refer to the statement of the club," Ten Hag told reporters on Friday. “In this moment, I can’t give comment about the process. I can’t say anything about it, I refer to the statement of the club and at this moment, I can’t add anything.” READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Greenwood charges Ten Hag, who was appointed in June last year, was not in charge of the club when Greenwood was arrested over a year ago. It was his precedessor, Ralf Rangnick, who faced questions from the press at the time. Greenwood faced one count of controlling and coercive behaviour, one count of attempted rape and one count of occasioning actual bodily harm. All three charges related to the same woman but they were dropped following the 'withdrawal of a key witness'. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) claimed that the case had to be stopped due to the witness' withdrawal and 'new material' that came to light, adding: "[There is] no longer a realistic prospect of conviction." Hours later, United released a statement of their own, which read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps." LATEST MAN UTD NEWS:Man Utd must now make bold call on potential Greenwood summer saleThe Glazers 'being kept aware' as Man Utd open Greenwood investigationMan Utd warned Harry Kane has two other 'perfect' transfer options Later on Thursday evening, Greenwood himself issued a short statement, which read: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." Greenwood was accused of 'repeatedly engaging' in coercive behaviour over a period of four years, last appearing court in November when a date for him to stand trial was set for November 23 this year. He spent three nights in custody after being arrested at his home last January. United opted to suspend him but the youngster has continued to receive his £75,000-a-week salary. His name has also remained on United's Premier League squad list for the second half of the season. He is listed as an under-21 player. Greenwood scored 35 goals in 129 matches for United with his performances earning him a solitary England cap in 2020 before his arrest.