Strictly Come Dancing professional Luba Mushtuk hasn't been paired with a celebrity partner for a couple of years, and while she has remained a key part of the BBC competition through the group dances, spin-off shows, and showing support for her co-stars, she admitted during an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk she has "everything crossed" she will be coupled in the next series. Luba has been a fan favourite since she joined Strictly in 2018. Unfortunately, she has been left without a partner since the 2020 series and is hoping this year she can take part in the competition again. "I would love to be partnered," the Russian dancer told Express.co.uk. She continued: "I'd love to. So, everything crossed that next year will be my year. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "And we're going to make the final. I'm putting it out there into the universe." Luba was partnered with athlete James Cracknell in 2019, but the pair were sadly eliminated in the first week. The following year, she competed in the show with Jason Bell. The 33-year-old has been happy to perform as a group dancer on recent shows, but it's clear she's hoping her luck will change this year. Paying tribute to her co-stars, Luba made it clear the Strictly family are a close group. "I do love all of them," she stated. "I am just always really surprised how people don't want to believe that. "But it's true, because we truly are a family - when we say we are strictly family, we are." The dancer explained she stays in touch with former contestants too. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' [LATEST]Tom Jones responds to Delilah ban as singer 'proud' of anthem [INTERIVEW]Kate Garraway slammed as she defends Tom Jones' Delilah [REACTION] "I always see Jason Bell, we always meet for dinners and catch-ups," she remarked. She continued: "Many of them. But of course, with their jobs and our job, it's really hard to meet. "But we do always catch up and see how everyone is doing. "The beauty of the show is I have the opportunity to meet so many interesting people. "As well as so many incredible talents, and it's just a privilege to be able to meet them and get to know them." Many fans were outraged that Luba wasn't a part of the competition for the second year running during the 2022 series. However, the dancer graciously told her fans not to worry as she took to social media after the revelation. She continued to appear as a regular on the Strictly Come Dancing spin-off show, It Takes Two, and starred as a support dancer during the live shows.