Chloe Ferry, 26, said she is "shaking" after ram raiders smashed into her beauty salon and stole her stock of aesthetics last night. The Geordie Shore star shared the news on Instagram today as she raced over to the Newcastle salon to retrieve CCTV footage. The star threatened to "plaster the video all over" her social media pages if the culprits failed to confess. She told how the thieves entered the aesthetics salon through the back door before making off with piles of stock and their salon awards. The TV star spoke from the passenger seat of a car and told her 3.5 million followers: "Absolutely shaking. "Just had a phone call to say someone has actually broken into the salon last night. READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay and Paul McCartney delight fans at Super Bowl "They’ve smashed the back door in, they’ve taken everything, they’ve took the awards that we’ve won. "We’re absolutely fuming, we’re ringing the police now and just to let you know, whoever has done it. “We’ve got a secret camera and we’re going to find out who you are and we’re going to post it all over me social media."(sic) The reality TV star then filmed the back door shutters lying crumpled and battered, with much of the surrounding plaster reduced to a pile of rubble. She told fans: "Is that some sort of sick joke." She continued: "What is wrong with people? They’ve taken all of the stock. "I’m literally in shock. How could anyone do this to anyone. "I’m going to the salon now to check the camera and if you don’t come forward in the next couple hours I’m going to plaster you all over my Instagram." DONT MISS: John Cleese slams critics as fan spots Fawlty Towers reboot 'issue' (photos)Jeremy Clarkson confirms future of Clarkson's Farm after 'axe' claims (NEWS)Carol Vorderman wishes Happy Valentine’s Day to her 'special friends’ (LATEST) Chloe opened CM House of Aesthetics in May 2019 in Newcastle. At the weekend, the star left very little to the imagination as she donned a latex outfit for a saucy new snap. The former Geordie Shore star showed off her curves in the skintight outfit. Chloe was also joined by a group of pals as she headed for a night out on the town over the weekend. She donned the little black dress for the evening alongside her co-workers at CM House Of Aesthetics. Chloe completed her look with strappy black heels as she posed with a group of women, before standing alone for a second snap at the venue. "Salon night out," she captioned the post. "Unreal Chloe," one wrote under the Instagram post. A second agreed: "You all look amazing."