A cabal of sneering, treacherous MP’s from both parties - together with a group of self-interested businessmen - gathered in the Great Hall at the 40-room mansion, Ditchley Park, to try and unravel Brexit. When details of this meeting were leaked - it's rumoured by the Labour Party to try and embarrass the PM although that’s now spectacularly backfired - these Remoaners tried to mitigate their treachery by pretending the meeting was all about making Brexit work better.  Do they think we’re all morons? When you have a secret conference – which it’s looking like the Prime Minister had no clue about - led by arch Remainer and EU lackey Peter Mandelson and Michael Gove who were talking to a room where Remainers far outnumbered Leavers, you know these people aren’t trying to make Brexit work. You know they’re conspiring to smash it. And if they really wanted to make Brexit work why didn’t we know about it? Why wasn’t it announced in the media, and talked about? Why hold it in secret? How dare these people keep treating the British people like we’re stupid? How dare they try to undo a democratic decision made by us back in 2016. It’s precisely this kind of arrogance from the elitist ruling classes that made us want to leave the EU in the first place – their certainty, their conceit that they knew what was good for us better than we did. And they were doing it again this weekend. The deal, when they all got to Ditchley Park, was that what was said there – stays there. I mean how dare they? This all smacks of a dastardly Establishment plot and when you look at the list of people who were there - those suspicions are well founded - Peter Mandelson, Michael Gove, Jo Johnson, Boris’s brother and a rabid Europhile, Douglas Alexander, a former Labour Europe Minister. David Lammy who has likened Brexiteers to Nazis (this is the bloke who’ll be our Foreign Secretary by the way if Labour gets in) Sir Olly Robbins, Theresa May’s hopeless Brexit negotiator and ex-Tory European Minister David Lidington. And over a fine claret, we’re told Peter Mandelson, a political has-been who holds no Shadow or Government job but is clearly lining himself up for a position in the next Labour government, regaled the assembled gang with his vision of a cosier, closer relationship with the EU he worships – and who pays his pension, a pension he can only keep if he doesn’t criticise the EU. All of these people will tell anyone who’ll listen that Brexit hasn’t worked, that it’s been a disaster. But how can anyone say it’s been a disaster when we only left the EU on January 31 2020 and we didn’t leave the trading bloc until January 2021? This means it’s been just two years since we’ve been out on our own during which time there’s been a global pandemic when the economy came to a shuddering halt. There’s a war in Ukraine which brought with it a worldwide energy crisis that has resulted in the current cost of living crisis. Oh, and more than half a million people left the workforce. Two years of conditions like that – how the hell was Brexit expected to be a rip-roaring success? But is two years – especially years like that - really enough time to judge whether Brexit has worked? It should also be pointed out that in the two years, we’ve been out of the single market OECD figures show Britain has grown faster than France, Germany, Italy and Spain. All of which are in the EU. And don’t forget had we still been in the EU during the pandemic tens of thousands more would have died because of the EU’s incompetence in getting, and rolling out, the vaccines. If Brexit isn’t working to its full potential it’s because we’ve got a mouse of a Prime Minister and a useless Government which has failed to capitalise on the benefits of leaving. I mean when do you ever hear Rishi shouting about the benefits of Brexit? He should be out there selling it every day especially because the Remainer Establishment really believe their time is coming with a new Labour Government in 2024. But it is lunacy to imagine our current problems - our crumbling public services, the housing crisis, the energy crisis, the immigration crisis would all be solved if we were back in the single market and the customs union. Those problems have nothing to do with us leaving the EU and they won’t be solved if we allow these Remainers to lead us back in. This week Rishi insisted: “Brexit IS safe with me”. Well, forgive me if I don’t believe that. This Establishment plot to undermine Brexit is happening right under his nose and what the hell’s he doing about it? Nothing! He says he wants to drive growth by seizing the opportunities of Brexit to do things differently. Really? He wants to drive growth and business by imposing some of the highest corporate taxes in the world. How’s that work then? We have a House of Lords where Remainer peers are currently trying to nobble the Government’s Retained EU Law Bill which would remove thousands of EU rules still clogging up the statute books. Rishi looks like a man who’s not in control. He had no idea Gove, his own Levelling Up minister, was going to be at that conference. He had no idea about the conference itself. So why hasn’t he given Gove a public tongue-lashing and said that he had no right or authority to be there? More importantly, why isn’t he telling Gove to tell the British people what was discussed? If it’s about us and our country’s future – we have a right to know. This arrogant Remainer elite has no right to try and determine our future yet they are being allowed to by this weasely government. They’re being allowed – yet again – to try to trash the democratic will of the British people by meeting secretly to decide what’s best for us. Jacob Rees-Mogg got it right when he said: “Brexit won’t be delivered by Remainers meeting in a stately home but by the Government dealing with the Northern Ireland protocol and getting on with free trade agreements.” And he should have added that Brexit will never flourish until our Prime Minister, who seems oblivious to the Remainer plots around him, gets with the programme and literally cuts the political legs out from under those people trying to undermine Brexit, him and the British people.