Arsenal extended their lead at the top of the Premier League with a 1-0 win at Leicester. Gabriel Martinelli scored the only goal of the game straight after half-time with a tidy finish. Express Sport looks at what he learned from the King Power Stadium. Leandro Trossard was drafted into the team in place of Eddie Nketiah. The Belgian will feel unlucky to have had a goal ruled out but impressed in his first appearance as a striker for Arsenal. He also set up Martinelli for Arsenal's goal with a sublime assist. Oleksandr Zinchenko was back at his best after his first goal for the club last week. How he performs has a big impact on the overall level that Arteta's side reach. Gabriel was also solid at the back and helped limit Leicester to few shots at Aaron Ramsdale. READ MORE: Barcelona's Lewandowski 'involved in dressing room argument' after Man Utd loss Martinelli has now scored in successive matches after going eight games without a goal. The Brazilian had received criticism from supporters and pundits for his performances since the turn of the year. It's fair to say he wasn't at his best in the first half at the King Power. But he remained composed when it mattered the most to put Arsenal ahead immediately after half-time. Arsenal need Martinelli back at the level he showed in the first part of the season. He has responded well to being dropped by Arteta for the first time this campaign last week. Arteta has had his fair share of VAR controversy of late. And again there were some contentious decisions today. Leandro Trossard saw a fine goal ruled out following an earlier foul by Ben White on Leicester goalkeeper Danny Ward. Referee Craig Pawson initially didn't see the incident but VAR recommended he reviewed it on the pitchside monitor. White may well have held Ward but to say it was a clear and obvious error and rule out the goal is something Arteta clearly didn't agree with. Minutes later, Bukayo Saka was bundled over by Harry Souttar in the Leicester penalty area but there was no movement from Pawson or VAR despite the England star's protests.  Arsenal showed their class by giving Zinchenko the captain's armband. A year since Russia invaded Ukraine, the defender was handed the responsibility of leading Arteta's side out. It was the first time he has skippered the Gunners since he joined from Manchester City last summer. The Ukraine international captained City shortly after the war began last year. Arsenal tweeted their reasoning for the decision. The statement read: "Zinchenko will wear our captain's armband today, as a mark of respect and love on the first anniversary of the conflict in Ukraine." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here