Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has a few big decisions to make when Leeds United visit Old Trafford on Wednesday night. Casemiro's suspension and Antony's fresh injury have opened the window of opportunity for a duo in two of three potential changes. United are expected to go strong against their long-standing rivals, as has become custom during Ten Hag's reign and a primary reason why the club are the only one left in four competitions in his maiden season. He will guide the Red Devils level on points with reigning champions Manchester City in second with a fourth win in five against Leeds since their 2020 promotion. Express Sport takes a look at how the Dutchman could line up as United host the Whites in a traditional Premier League classic. United have enjoyed high-scoring success against Leeds since their Premier League return, beating them 6-2 and 5-1 in the last two seasons. But De Gea will have been disappointed to be beaten in the routs, and he'll hope to change that on Wednesday. If the Spaniard keeps a clean sheet, only Nick Pope would've kept more in the Premier League this season. READ MORE: Man City won't get kicked out of league as Jordan gives latest verdict Aaron Wan-Bissaka has enjoyed something of a renaissance in Diogo Dalot's prolonged absence since the World Cup. But the Portuguese right-back is Ten Hag's first choice, and now he's returned to full training, he could be introduced back into the starting line-up. The rest of the defence should remain unchanged from Saturday's hard-fought 2-1 win against Crystal Palace. Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez can continue their formidable centre-back partnership, with Luke Shaw lining up on the left. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag first manager quizzed on Man City chargesMan City 'have Pep Guardiola quit belief' amid Premier League rowMan Utd stars 'asking' if they can get Premier League winners medal Casemiro's three-game suspension for his red card against Palace comes as a blow but offers Marcel Sabitzer a chance to make his mark early in his loan stint after a deadline-day move from Bayern Munich. Ten Hag hinted last month that Victor Lindelof originally trained as a defensive midfielder and was an option. Zidane Iqbal has also been in several matchday squads after a laudable pre-season. However, Sabitzer is the obvious Casemiro replacement, and he should start alongside Fred, with Scott McTominay joining Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek on the sidelines. Bruno Fernandes netted a hat-trick when Leeds visited Old Trafford last season, and he'll start again on Wednesday, likely interchanging between an attacking midfield and right-wing role. With whom he'll interchange? Jadon Sancho is in line for his first United start since October after returning to action against Nottingham Forest last week. Speaking to the media on Tuesday, Ten Hag confirmed that Antony had joined the list of injured players ahead of the Leeds game. Alejandro Garnacho, Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga could come in if the Red Devils boss plans to offer a younger member of his squad the chance to make an impact. But Sancho is most likely to take his place on the right, with Marcus Rashford on the left and Wout Weghorst as the striker. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here