The Princess of Wales delighted residents and staff at Oxford House Nursing Home this morning as she paid a visit to the high-quality centre in Slough. Among them, Kate got to meet 109-year-old resident Nora. Sitting down next to her chair, Kate chatted amiably with the elderly resident, who confessed to the royal she likes kidneys and Brussels sprouts. After being shown the card sent to Nora by the late Queen Elizabeth II to mark her 100th birthday, Kate realised she shares the same birthday month as Nora. She told her: "It's your birthday on January 7? It's two days before mine! A fellow Capricorn." While visiting the family-run nursing home, the royal heard more about how staff uses cutting-edge, interactive technology to stimulate and enrich the day-to-day experiences of residents. Kate saw first-hand how an interactive sensory table can be used to this end, as she sat down to play with one of the residents, Jean, interactive football. The instrument was purchased in 2020, at the height of the coronavirus crisis, as a creative response to the pandemic and the restrictions enforced to curb the spread of COVID-19. Kate also heard more about a new interactive wall being used to support residents with dementia, as she also got to know a bit more another resident while sitting by the screen simulating the landscape seen from a train journey in the countryside. During the visit to the nursing home, which provides care for up to 34 people, Her Royal Highness also rolled up her sleeves and joined residents making pancakes to mark Shrove Tuesday. Finally, the visit included a tour of the home's garden, where Kate was joined by staff and volunteers. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face 'challenge' over royal gossip, says commentator Oxford House opened its doors to residents in 1980 and aims at supporting them to live a life as full as possible. While providing a homely environment, it prides itself on offering outstanding levels of care. Oxford House also runs a domiciliary care organisation called Community Care, which offers support to enable people in the local area to reside independently in their own home. This engagement comes as the Princess is understood to be keen to get to know more about the community and initiatives based in Berkshire, which became her family's new main residence in the late summer of 2022, when they relocated to Adelaide Cottage. For today's visit, Kate donned a navy high-neck jumper paired with matching wide-leg trousers and heels. She accessorised her look with a navy handbag and a long Max & Co. camel coat. This solo engagement comes two days after the Princess of Wales joined Prince William at the BAFTAs. Donning a white Alexander McQueen dress paired with a dramatic pair of full-length black opera gloves, Kate sat next to her husband as actress Dame Helen Mirren delivered an emotional tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth II. Dame Helen, who famously took on the role of the late monarch in the biographical film The Queen in 2006, praised Elizabeth II's "loyal support" to the BAFTAs and called her the UK's "leading star".