A senior minister has admitted the Government needs to get on with pushing through the benefits of Brexit because at the moment the UK is stuck with some of the "disbenefits." The comments from Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride came as the Tory party appeared to be on the verge of a civil war over a compromise deal with the EU over the Northern Ireland protocol. Mr Stride told BBC Radio 4's World At One programme that people should not be surprised about the short-term impact of Brexit on trading figures. He said: "If you have a situation where you create friction between yourself and your major trading partners, I think you’ll have to accept that will have an impact.” Asked about the impact of Brexit on investment decisions into Britain, Mr Stride said: “What I think we need to do now is to maximise the benefits and freedoms that we now have given that we’re not part of the European Union. "I think it’s taking a bit of time to move from the disbenefits to the benefits...but we are out there doing trade deals, all sorts of exciting things that we can capitalise on, and the Government is determined to do so.” Mr Stride is a former chairman of the Commons Treasury Select Committee and was a Remainer in 2016. As a result, he has been viewed with suspicion by pro-Brexit Tories in the European Research Group (ERG) and his appointment was regarded as a sign that Rishi Sunak may water down some of the Brexit opportunities.  As a result, his comments will come as a comfort to those who had concerns about Mr Sunak's Government backsliding on the issue. The words also put the focus on newly promoted Business and Trade Secretary Kemi Badenoch who last week announced new deals with Italy, the first post-Brexit bi-lateral agreement with an EU member and Mexico. The main prize being pursued at the moment is membership of the Comprehensive and Progressive Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) which is currently made up of 11 countries and could also see the USA joining. It represents one of the fastest-growing economic groups in the world and is set to outstrip the EU. The groundwork for a deal was put in place by Liz Truss during her tenure as International Trade Secretary. Last week, Ms Badenoch hailed the UK as a "global superpower" in a key trade sector which allows it to reach out to the rest of the world. She told MPs: "To see services trade reaching these heights is a firm reminder of the resilience of our strong services economy and shows significant progress in our race to export over a trillion pounds of British goods and services a year by 2030. “I’ll be using my talks with Mexican politicians and UK businesses operating in Mexico to make the case for a revamped UK-Mexico trade deal which will significantly increase export opportunities, and boost jobs around the UK.” Mr Stride's comments today also came as Rolls Royce announced record investment in the UK, underlining that Brexit Britain is a place major companies want to invest in. But, following revelations that Michael Gove held a secret summit on Brexit recently and leaks about the deal on the Northern Ireland protocol, there are concerns that Mr Sunak's government is trying to move closer to Brussels again. DON'T MISS Brexiteers fear Gove's covert summit could bolster EU army plans [REVEAL]'Fascist' slur against Anderson uncovers the real Tory civil war [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak’s plans to rebuild ties with EU rejected in new poll [REACT] 