Rick Edwards, 44, and his wife Emer Kenny, 33, took to social media on Monday to announce the happy news, sharing the first pictures of their newborn. The broadcaster has been absent from presenting BBC Radio 5 Live as he's taking paternity leave. His co-presenter Rachel Burden broke the news on Twitter that Rick had become a father earlier this month. His wife Emer has since taken to Instagram and shared the first adorable photos of their son. She wrote: "Bit of news... @rickedwards1 and I have had a beautiful baby boy. He is just magic." The post was accompanied by pictures including a snap of the actress planting a kiss on her newborn's forehead. READ MORE: Stacey Dooley addresses Kevin Clifton's three failed marriages Another photo showed Rick cradling his son as he looked admiringly at the baby. The final post was a video of a radio where Rick announced the exciting news to BBC listeners. Radio 5 host Rachel asked him: "What has been going on?" Rick replied: "I'm not workshy. I haven't just been off filming an exciting new television show. Actually, better than that!" He went on: "Emer and I, have had our first baby. He is a beautiful, beautiful, baby boy. I'm really biased but this guy is fantastic, hungry and fantastic. "It's just the three of us hanging out, getting to know each other." Emer also took to her Instagram stories and shared a sweet photo of her baby bump, writing: "Hi there. Bit of news," while cradling her stomach. The couple have been inundated with congratulatory messages on their new arrival. DON'T MISS... Chris Packham suffered 'absolute hell' in childhood[LATEST]Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off'[TV]Jennifer Lopez 'scolds' husband Ben Affleck once again at Super Bowl[US] Nicola Coughlan penned: "Congratulations!!" Ellie Jane Taylor wrote: "Oh Emer!!! Huge congratulations dolly!!! Hope you’re feeling OK xxx." Guvna B commented: "Congrats!" While This Morning's Dermot O'Leary said: "Congrats!" The couple married in 2016 after being introduced through their mutual friend Jessie Cave, the Harry Potter actress. Rick and Emer were engaged seven weeks after meeting, Bustle reports. Speaking about their relationship in the Sunday Times, Emer said: "I was boy-crazy throughout my teenage years and early twenties, and often heartbroken, but when I met Rick I was so calm. I felt more myself with him than I had ever felt before. "We make each other laugh constantly. Even when we're arguing or we're both tired or stressed, we find each other funny. I think that's the key to us. We talk about everything, to the tiniest detail of each other's work, because we just really trust each other's opinion."