Boy George became the fourth contestant to be eliminated from the 2022 season of I’m a Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly revealed that the Culture Club star had revealed the fewest “votes to save” from the public after 18 days in the Australian jungle. The singer, born George Alan O’Dowd, has opened up about his time spent Down Under back in November. The 61-year-old admitted he "doesn't understand" the ITV series as he suggested viewers did not get to see all of him. The Karma Chameleon singer also revealed fans often tell him he should have been crowned King of the Jungle - the coveted title going to Jill Scott, who won the 2023 series. Speaking to Jackie Brambles on her Greatest Hits Radio show, he explained: "I don’t regret doing it, but I don’t necessarily understand the show. READ MORE: Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  "I feel like what went on in there wasn’t shown [on screen]." He went on: "We had such a laugh and there were some amazing conversations, a lot of intimacy but there was quite a limited narrative that went out. "I mean you can’t spend 24 hours with someone and not have a decent conversation - I didn’t just talk about mushrooms!" The singer claimed the programme is, in part, one-dimensional.   Boy George remarked: "I’m not a one-dimensional human being and there was a slightly one-dimensional portrayal but having come out of the jungle the amount of people that have come up to me and said I should have won is hilarious. "I’m like why didn’t you vote for me then!" Express.co.uk has contacted ITV representatives for comment. Boy George’s time on the programme was not without controversy; he was a vocal opposer of Matt Hancock joining the jungle.  In his post-elimination interview, the “Karma Chameleon” star touched on his feelings towards the former health secretary. “Having Matt in here was difficult for a lot of reasons,” he admitted to Ant and Dec, before adding that he ultimately saw Hancock as “just a person” while in the camp. “He is just a person. He mucked in and was really doing a lot to help everyone. Everyone was very kind and thoughtful, helping me eat the right things,” the vegan star said. Meanwhile, Boy George and Culture Club are celebrating their triple platinum album Colour By Numbers’ 40th anniversary with a special one-day-only cinema event for fans.  The band will be streaming a live show from Los Angeles for the first time ever, being made available across the globe including in over 100 British and Irish cinemas. A career-spanning set full of their hits will be played on the big screen and the singer himself could be more excited. Listen to Boy George chat to Jackie Brambles on Greatest Hits Radio at greatesthitsradio.co.uk