Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is the premier benefit payment for disabled people from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Later this year, disabled people who get this support are set to be awarded with even more financial support. This DWP support is reserved for people who require financial help due to having either a long-term health condition or disability. PIP specifically helps people who are of working age as state pensioners are able to get Attendance Allowance instead. The payment is separated into a daily living component and a mobility component, which are paid at either a higher or lower rate depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition. For the daily living component, money is awarded for a claimant's living expenses while the mobility part goes towards travelling costs. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Currently, PIP’s daily living component pays a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate of £92.40. In comparison, the mobility part comes to £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. Recipients are able to claim both components of PIP if they qualify for the living standard and mobility support. Someone claiming both the higher weekly rates of both components would receive £156.90, which would be £627.60 for the month. As it stands, the majority of benefit payments from the DWP are receiving a 10.1 percent boost in April 2023. This is the same rate as the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation for September 2022 which is the metric being used for the state pension’s triple lock. Once this rate increase is introduced, PIP’s higher and lower rate for the daily living component will be £101.75 and £68.10, respectively. In comparison, the mobility component will be £71.05 a week for the higher rate and £26.95 for the lower rate. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Susannah Streeter, a senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, shared why this assistance is welcomed by the majority of people. She explained: “The fact that benefits will rise with inflation in April will come as a huge relief. Those on the lowest incomes still face a struggle to make it through the winter, but this at least gives them hope that things won’t always be so difficult. “A lift in the minimum wage will be another small drop of comfort, but with inflation rising, lower earners are still likely to face huge challenges to cover their rising costs.” The finance expert noted that the Government is continuing some of its cost of living payments from last year to financially assist vulnerable demographics. Those on means-tested benefits and people with disability will be due two cost of living payments worth £900 and £150, respectively. This means that those in receipt of PIP will be able to claim an extra sum of £150 later in the year. On this cost of living support, Ms Streeter added: “More lump sum payments are also very welcome. “The HL Savings and Resilience Barometer looks at how much cash people will have at the end of the month next summer, assuming the usual uprating, and for those on the lowest incomes the picture is bleak. “Among the bottom five deciles – so the lowest-paid half of the country - fewer than one in 100 people will have enough cash left at the end of the month to be considered resilient. “All these measures will help, but it’s still clearly going to be a tough time ahead for millions of people, until the painful rises in prices subside.’’