A former detective has said she believes missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley is in the River Wyre. The police's hypothesis that Nicola Bulley is in the River Wyre has come under scrutiny as voices have emerged claiming that the 45-year-old was not in the icy Lancashire waterway on January 27. Despite extensive searches by police and underwater forensic expert Peter Faulding, there is still no trace of Ms Bulley. While ex-superintendent Philip Flower said "neither the facts nor the evidence" support Lancashire Constabulary’s official theory, another retired Detective Superintendent has come out defending the police’s version of events. Julie Mackay, who spent three decades in policing and solved a 32-year-old cold case, has told The Mirror there are three reasons why she believes that theory is correct. These, according to Ms Mackay, include the facts that Nicola's disappearance was unlikely to be the result of criminal activity given the circumstances and that no fresh evidence had given her cause to believe differently. She added that winter might be making it more difficult to locate the mother-of two. She told the publication: "I still believe she's gone in that river."  Ms Mackay added: "Today, when you look at the last two weeks and review it, nothing has changed." While Ms Bulley still has not been found near the entry point near the bench, the former superintendent says she could still be there. She added: "I think it is good to always have other specialists to try and find new leads or try and support the work that has been done. "They too are 100 per cent that she is not in that area in the river if she has gone in by the bend. "The other bit of speculation is how hard it is to travel over that Wyre. It's not as unusual as you think. If she's then sadly gone over that Wyre it becomes tidal and then the possibility that she's gone out to sea is still quite possible. "On the face of it, I still agree with the police." READ MORE: Something 'wrong' with Nicola case - ex-cops explain 8 possible leads Looking at other potential leads, she says she does not believe the mother of two was the victim of a crime even though there are potential CCTV blind spots where Nicola could have left the area. She said: "I don't think it criminal there would have been a clue along the way." The former superintendent’s comments come after Ms Bulley’s partner, Paul Ansell, expressed concern that someone else might be involved and said he didn't think Nicola was in the river. Speaking to Dan Walker on Channel 5, he said: "Extensive searching, as you’re probably aware, has gone on in that river. The fact that the divers and underwater rescue team and all that were in that river on the day, and thankfully found absolutely nothing, in the part where you would have to presume is her last known location. "Personally, I am 100 per cent convinced it’s not the river, that’s my opinion" he said, before adding: "People don't just vanish into thin air. It's absolutely impossible. So something has happened." DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley's phone may be 'decoy' as partner lays bare new facts [REPORT]Nicola Bulley dive expert's test that dismissed disappearance theory [REPORT]Nicola Bulley dive expert rips '10 minute window' theory apart [REPORT] The 45-year-old mortgage expert disappeared on January 27 while walking Willow, a brown spaniel, along the River Wyre in the small Lancashire community of St Michaels on Wyre. The search was expanded to Morecambe Bay earlier this week, and specialists were seen on a board searching under Shard Bridge, which is seven miles from where Nicola was last seen. Police have maintained their "main working hypothesis" was that she fell in a river but a body has not yet been found. READ NEXT:The day Nicola Bulley simply vanished - in her partner's own wordsNicola Bulley's partner lays bare couple's marriage planSecurity firm patrols Nicola Bulley’s village to deter ‘goons’Diver says how Nicola Bulley's partner is sure she isn't in the riverDan Walker 'heartbroken' over interview with Nicola Bulley's partner