A couple were left "gobsmacked" after they found a hand-written letter from a young King Charles in the loft of their home near Stratford-upon-Avon. It was written by a six-year-old King Charles in March 1955 and urged the Queen Mother to "be better soon". The sweet note, which will be sold at auction, could fetch up to £3,000. Charles signed off the adorable letter with "lots of love" and a number of kisses. The letter had reportedly been "gathering dust" for decades, with the discovery being made during a Christmas break clear-out by the couple. The couple claimed that they had no idea the royal letter existed prior to the discovery. The seller, a 49-year-old farm manager, said: "We finally had the time to look through a big box file that my mother had given to us... My wife said, 'wow, look at that!' We were pretty gobsmacked but we weren't sure whether anyone would be interested in it." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'needs a win' after series of Sussex blunders threaten brand The note had originally belonged to their late grandfather, Roland Stockdale. Mr Stockdale is understood to have been "involved in helping to protect the Queen Mother", with the seller believing that his late grandfather had "probably worked with several royals over time". The paper used for the letter was Buckingham Palace notepaper. A young Charles had showed off his neat handwriting and had also drawn colourful designs when signing off the letter. READ MORE: King Charles in high spirits on solo visit despite Camilla pulling out at last minute King Charles III's letter, as well as a few other royal finds, are going under the hammer on March 7 at Hansons Auctioneers. Altogether they are set to fetch around £4,000. Speaking of the royal finds, auctioneer Charles Hanson claims they are "remarkable", even more so "when you consider the family had no idea they had them". DON'T MISS Everyone is 'fed up' with Sussexes as they went too far, says ex-MP [LATEST]Meghan and Harry speak out on South Park episode but don't deny upset [REPORT]Samantha Markle slams Sussexes over South Park dislike [SPOTLIGHT] Speaking previously to PEOPLE, royal author Gareth Russell claimed that the Queen Mother was "a mother figure" to Charles. He added that this was because the "Queen became Queen when Charles was so young" and that "every time the Queen had to go away, Prince Charles stayed with the Queen Mother". Speaking of their sweet relationship, he said that they "had a great sense of humor, and she always encouraged him", adding that she "absolutely adored" Charles.