Beyond Paradise, the highly-anticipated Death in Paradise spin-off, is making its debut on February 24. Kris Marshall returns as DI Humphrey Goodman as he gets a job at the local police force. Kris and his co-star Sally Bretton spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what to expect. The series is made up of six episodes and the first sees Martha pursue her dream of opening her own restaurant. Humphrey is thrown into the deep end when he investigates an attempted murder case with his new eclectic team. All the while, he and Martha navigate the highs and lows of setting up a new life as a couple. Actress Sally explained how the series will explore what happens next after trying to take the next steps in their relationship. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise welcomes Sex Education and Alan Partridge stars She said: "How do you carry on? What does it mean to be a family? "They got together later so there's a lot riding on it, there's a short time and there's a pressure on that. "All of those things weigh on them and I think that's what they explore. "And the responsibility of being honest with each other and looking after each other." Kris agreed, saying the series explores the "emotional costs" of such a journey. He added: "[It explores] their dreams and how those dreams are achieved or not. "There's a real sense of time because they are not the youngest of couples and they got together later in life as a lot of people do." The star also teased some ghosts from Martha's past would come back to haunt her. DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' Death in Paradise boss details change for Humphrey in spin-off He said: "We go on that journey with them but also I would moot that moving back to somewhere where Martha grew up, she obviously has had her own life there before she ever met Humphrey. "So obviously that comes into play as well, there is a life she had before she met him. "So, sometimes they rear their ugly heads as well." Could one of Martha's previous romances walk back into her life? Or does she have a dark family history which will come to light as the series progresses? Martha's mother Anne (Barbara Flynn) has had a lot of tragedy in her life after losing her husband. Martha's father died which prompted Martha to come down to Shipton Abbott to keep an eye on her mother and be with her. Star Barbara teased a few clashes between Anne and Humphrey, saying: "She finds him rather bewildering and astonishingly… tall. "In a way, in this first series, the relationship between the mother-in-law - if indeed they do marry and stay together - is not totally decided. It’s a discovery, it's nice and really enjoyable."  Beyond Paradise airs on Fridays on BBC One at 8pm