Kelly Brook, 43, regularly dominated newspapers during her Page Three career, with the TV personality now speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about her "naivety". The former model admitted that she needed to get away from the spotlight, and much prefers her "peaceful" life with her husband, Jeremy Parisi. Kelly's modelling career began at 16 when she won a beauty competition, giving her the opportunity to work on a variety of advertising campaigns. Soon after she caught the eye of the editorial team at the Daily Star, which began featuring her as a Page Three girl. She tried her hand at presenting and acting, as well as having high-profile relationships with actors Jason Statham and Billy Zane. Express.co.uk asked Kelly about her early career, and if there was a reason she decided to temporarily disappear from the public eye. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits She said: "When I was really young I was kind of naive to the whole media thing. I think now that I'm older I'm a lot more aware of what I am signing up for. "Now I'm working on the radio and not in people's living rooms every week and not putting myself out there in a conscious way, because I am enjoying that level of privacy. "I'm enjoying not being followed by paparazzi and not being scrutinised. All the time you are dating guys in the public eye, doing TV shows like Celebrity Juice, you're on primetime TV so there is always an element of scrutiny." Kelly then reiterated that she is finally at "peace" with her career and made the "conscious" move to step back. She continued: "I made a conscious choice to move into garden broadcasting and radio as it brought me a lot of peace. "Also my partner isn't really bothered about being in the public eye. He doesn't like having his picture taken when we are on holiday and stuff, so it's good I've moved away!" Kelly married her long-term partner Jeremy in July last year, with the TV personality recently opening up about their Italian nuptials. Speaking on The Secret To podcast with Vicky Pattison, Kelly recalled: "We all got pretty wet. It rained five to ten minutes before we said our vows. We got ushered into this tower and it was like something out of a sitcom. DON'T MISS... Rihanna confirms pregnancy just nine months after son's birth [INSIGHT] Sam Smith 'in furious backstage row at BRITs over set malfunction' [BRITS] Heidi Klum parties the night away in hot pants before posing in towel [PICS]  "There was a woman trying to carry a harp up five flights of stairs in this ancient tower. It haunts me still. "It was like biblical rain, you couldn't see your hand in front of your face. It had not rained in that region for eight months and I don't think it has since.' "I look completely stressed and with straggly hair. Jeremy watches the wedding video all the time but I can't face it yet." Kelly, having been engaged three times before, did share, however, how "magical" the day was. She continued: "From someone who never thought they would get married it was magic — the best thing I have ever done. "We were winging it the whole way. It made it so much fun. And it gave it the essence and authenticity of it being Italian and that is what I really wanted. You can't have the rainbow without the rain." Kelly has partnered with SlimFast and has made a Fakeaway recipes line with them, helping others eat well for 600 calories or less. Speaking about her latest venture, she said: "It is something we wanted to do to celebrate my 1000th day on the SlimFast journey. "We are saying to everyone, look, if you want a takeaway you don't have to reach for those calorific takeaways that you've been used to, this is a much healthier alternative!" Kelly has created a series of new SlimFast Fakeaway recipes so that people can enjoy their favourite tasty menu classics for 600 calories or less. You can enjoy each dish as part of the SlimFast 3.2.1. Plan and still lose or maintain a healthy weight. For more information visit SlimFast's website