Despite being a huge hit since it first premiered in 2009, CBS revealed earlier this year the NCIS spin-off will end after season 14. But it isn't the last fans will see of star Daniela Ruah, who plays Kensi Blye in NCIS LA as she has made an exciting career announcement just weeks after the TV network announced the cancellation. Actress Ruah, who has starred as Kensi Blye since the show first aired in 2009 has lifted fans spirits after she revealed she will be returning to screens with a presenting stint. The star shared the exciting news to her 1.1million Instagram followers explaining she will soon be returning to the small screen as the presenter for the Portuguese version of The Traitors. Via a joint post from Ruah and the TV channel SIC, the pair shared the details of the upcoming show. The post also included a statement from the company's CEO of Entertainment, Daniel Oliveira. Accompanied with a picture of Ruah smiling titled “welcome" in Portuguese, it read: "We are very pleased to have Daniela Ruah with us on this program at SIC. "Daniela has the talent, the energy, the professional experience, and the right resources to adapt to the different narrative records that the format requires at its different stages. "You’re as excited as we are about this program, which is being successfully produced all over the world." The announcement was followed by a statement from the actress herself, which read: "I am very happy to accept this challenge from the SIC to introduce 'The Traitors'. It will be a new experience for me, but above all, I'm excited to be back with the Portuguese audience."  Fans filled the stars’ comment section with appraisal and shared their excitement to see her on the upcoming reality show. User @Ivana_d147 wrote: "Congratulations Danii, I'm super proud of you. I wish the best in this new project and in everything that awaits you in the future.” A second @fillisray echoed: “Daniela I hope whatever you do in the future is successful and you have a wonderful life you deserve it. Thank you for all the wonderful years you bought us with Kensi [love heart emoji].” Another fan @canal.do.quintao added: “Congratulations and wishes of immense success to Daniela.”  The upcoming series is scheduled to premiere in spring and is a spin-off of the original Dutch series, The Traitors. Other channels have adapted the show like the BBC which Claudia Winkleman hosted, as well as the American season which aired on Peacock. The reality competition sees a group of contestants take part in the ultimate game of deception in a bid to win a huge cash prize of around £100,000. 22 strangers are tasked with working out who among them are the traitors before they are "killed" off one by one.  The exciting career announcement comes shortly after CBS revealed that NCIS: LA would be coming to an end following the last episode of season 14, which will premiere in May. Ruah recently broke the silence on the cancellation and told ET: "I'm not sad that it's ending. I think the show has had an amazing, long run, we've told phenomenal stories, the characters have grown and matured on the show in front of everyone. It's bittersweet. "Like, it's time to move on creatively, but it's going to be so hard not to be with this family of people, because they are incredible." The season 14 finale will air on CBS 14 May in the US, and will mark the drama's final ever episode as well as Daniela's last outing as Kensi. Season 14 shows on Sky Max at 10pm and is currently streaming NOW in the UK. 