NS&I has announced today that a new issue of its Green Savings Bonds has been released paying a competitive 4.2 percent gross/AER fixe rate over a three year term. Savers investing in the Green Savings Bonds will be helping to fund vital green projects across the UK as part of the UK Government Green Financing Framework. Ian Ackerley, NS&I chief executive, said: “This is an excellent new opportunity for savers who want to grow their funds over the next three years, at the same time knowing that their investment will make a difference by helping finance the Government’s green projects. “Customers can save while helping to make the world greener, cleaner and more sustainable.” The projects will support a number of environment-friendly initiatives, such as making transport greener, using renewable energy over fossil fuels, preventing pollution, using energy more efficiently, protecting natural resources and adapting to a changing climate. The minimum investment in Green Savings Bonds is £100, with a maximum limit of £100,000 per person for each Issue.   Investors need to be aged 16 or over to purchase the Bonds from NS&I, and the full amount deposited will be held for three years and cannot be withdrawn during this time. As a state-owned savings bank, all money invested in NS&I is passed onto HM Treasury and contributes towards Government spending. The money invested in Green Savings Bonds will also go to HM Treasury and be held in a general account. HM Treasury will then allocate an amount equivalent to the proceeds raised from Green Savings Bonds to its chosen green projects, within two years. The Government will publish details about how the money is being spent and what the environmental benefits are after this has been decided. DON'T MISS:Premium Bonds prize fund rate has been boosted by NS&I [INSIGHT]Lidl's eight simple supermarket swaps could save you £470 a year [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS] As a state-owned savings provider, all money invested in NS&I is passed onto HM Treasury and contributes towards Government spending. The money invested in Green Savings Bonds will also go to the Treasury and will be held in a general account. HM Treasury will then allocate an amount equivalent to the proceeds raised from Green Savings Bonds to its chosen green projects within two years. The Government will publish details about how the money is being spent and what the environmental benefits are after this has been decided.  READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society is paying 4.5% interest on your savings  The fixed 4.2 percent rate is guaranteed for the whole three-year term, and interest is earned daily and added annually on the investment's anniversary, and paid on maturity. After first being announced during the Spring Budget in 2021, the first issue of Green Savings Bonds went on sale on October 22, 2021. The Bonds have since achieved sales of circa £288million as of March 31, 2022. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, commented: “The interest on NS&I’s green savings bond has increased again, as the Government-backed provider attempts to keep up with the savings war in the fixed-rate market. The three-year bond will now pay 4.2 percent interest, a significant leap from the three percent it’s currently paying. “The rate now is a far cry from the paltry 0.65 percent interest paid on the accounts when they were first launched almost 18 months ago." However, she noted: "Customers who bought at launch will be frustrated that they are locked into that deal, with new customers able to get a far higher rate. Someone who put £5,000 into the bonds at launch will be earning just £32.50 a year in interest, compared to the £210 a year that a new customer will be getting now. If they had invested £20,000 that difference in interest jumps to more than £700 a year." While NS&I will rarely be the top rate in the market, it isn’t far off the market-leader for a three-year bond, which is paying 4.45 percent interest. Ms Sutter continued: "Interestingly, the top rate on the market is also a green savings offering: Gatehouse Bank’s Woodland Saver, which plants a tree for every account opened. But savers are still sacrificing returns in order to have the backing of the UK Government, and it will be a personal decision on whether they think the lost interest is worth it.  “Three years is a long period to fix your savings, and savers need to think about what might happen to interest rates during that time. Recent years have shown us it’s impossible to predict the direction of interest rates accurately over such a long period, but with the Bank of England still expected to hike interest rates this year, 2023 could bring further rate rises in the savings market." Ms Suter suggested savers could "hedge their bets" instead and partially invest in a fixed-rate deal, while keeping the rest in the top easy access account to benefit from any future rate rises.” This latest new Issue of Green Savings Bonds comes along with a number of new NS&I rate changes to have taken place this year. Most recently, NS&I brought back its one-year fixed rate Guaranteed Growth Bonds and Guaranteed Income Bonds, increasing interest rates for close to half a million existing customers. The new issues offer savers four percent gross/AER for the one-year fixed rate Guaranteed Growth Bonds and 3.9 percent gross/3.97 percent AER for Guaranteed Income Bonds. These rates are the highest on offer since 2010 when they were respectively 3.2 percent and 3.15 percent gross/3.2 percent AER.  More than 870,000 customers holding NS&I’s Direct Saver, Income Bonds and Direct ISA have also been able to benefit from interest rate increases across all three of these accounts. At the end of January, NS&I boosted the interest paid on Direct Saver and Income Bonds to 2.6 percent, while the interest rate on the Direct ISA was bumped up to 2.15 percent tax-free. January also saw the Premium Bonds prize fund rate leap from three percent to 3.15 percent, which first became effective from the February 2023 prize draw last week. NS&I has also recently increased the interest rate that it pays on its Junior ISA from 2.7 percent tax-free to 3.4 percent tax-free, meaning that 80,000 under 18s will also be benefiting from extra interest on their savings. On the successive increases, Mr Ackerley, commented: "In a fast-changing savings market, we’re committed to making sure our products remain competitive and our customers get a good return on their savings." 