The Queen Consort attended a literacy engagement in the capital and visited Book Aid International, a charity that provides "thousands of libraries, schools, universities, hospitals, refugee camps and prisons around the world" with books to "enrich, improve and change their lives". For today's occasion, Queen Camilla chose a green ensemble and she looked polished in the elegant forest green blazer and matching skirt. The monarch seemed to be wearing a white blouse underneath and finished her look with a pair of black boots. Camilla styled her hair in her usual platinum blow-dry and was all smiles while meeting charity workers and visiting the headquarter in London. While talking to some of the members of the organisation, the royal reportedly joked about people getting "younger and younger". READ MORE: ASDA shopper shares 'life hack' to save you time Camilla also stamped books to be sent to Kigali Public Library, in Rwanda, and signed a letter accompanying the books which read: "To you all at the Kigali Public Library, this comes with my warmest wishes to everyone at Kigali Public Library, whom I so enjoyed meeting last year!" The royal visited the library in Rwanda last year during a trip to the country with Charles for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. For the engagement in London, Camilla rewore one of her favourite outfits, a dark green monotone look she has donned at many official events before. On this occasion, however, she opted for a more simple look and ditched all jewellery, only sporting a pair of pearl drop earrings and a couple of her favourite bracelets from Van Cleef and Arpels.   Daena Borrowman, the PR, social and digital marketing manager at jewellerybox commented on Camilla's go-to bracelets saying: "Queen Camilla is very fond of the brand. In fact, before King Charles’ accession, she already owned a splendid collection. "Her favourite set is Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra collection. "Frequently seen with her blue and gold Alhambra bracelet, the emotional value the jewellery holds to the British Queen is unclear. However, it is very clear she is head over heels for the brand." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert    This is a busy week for Camilla who hosted a reception for the Queen's Own Rifles of Canada at Buckingham Palace yesterday, and she also wore an all-green outfit. The Queen Consort wore a mid-length emerald green coat dress decorated with some black embroidery across the bodice and cuffs. At night, she hosted another reception to celebrate British East and South-East Asian communities at Buckingham Palace with King Charles but this time, she opted for a black velvet dress.  Camilla chose a velvet long "tunic top" designed by Anna Valentine, one of the Queen Consort's favourite designers, and combined it with matching palazzo pants. To accessorise, the monarch donned a gold choker-style necklace that definitely elevated her outfit. 