Tommy Fury’s father John claims that his son has sent several sparring partners to hospital in preparation for his long-awaited grudge match with Jake Paul. The pair square off on February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia after two failed attempts to make it happen. Their first fight date in December 2021 was cancelled when Tommy pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again waved off due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. But ahead of what will be their third shot at staging the contest all of the early signs are looking positive. Both men are preparing hard for the fight and have assured fans it will be going ahead. Tommy has clocked in 100 rounds of sparring for the bout and according to his dad is causing his training partners all types of problems. John claims his son has even sent a few of them to the hospital including one with a hairline fracture in his jaw. Speaking to the Daily Mail, John said: “We've had excellent sparring. People have hit him back too if you know what I am saying. We've had good class kids in the gym. We've had heavyweights in. Cruiserweights in. Light-heavyweights in. We've had them all. “They've all been good, class, young, hungry men. But bring it. He's been handling them very well. There have been a few visits to the hospital for the sparring partners but that's boxing. He's been doing them some damage. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury to be 'underpaid' for Paul fight despite eye-watering payday Fury to make statement of intent before Paul Saudi fight - EXCLUSIVE Tommy Fury is sleeping in a separate room to Molly-Mae - EXCLUSIVE “We've had a hairline fracture in the jaw, and we've had a few knockdowns. We've had a few cold knockouts from Tommy. He's been destroying his sparring partners. You can ask them. He knows who they are. They know whether Tommy is the real deal or not.” One of Tommy’s former sparring partners, ex-Commonwealth champion Lyndon Arthur, heaped high praise on the 23-year-old by claiming that he was the ‘hardest hitter’ he had ever sparred when they shared some rounds together a few years ago. “This was years ago so he’s probably a completely different human being from five, six years ago or whenever it was. He’s good, I tell you what, he’s probably the hardest person I’ve been punched off,” Arthur told BBTV Boxing. “He was [heavy-handed] back then and I don’t think much has changed. “But back then he was definitely one of the hardest I’ve been hit by doing technique. You know when you block the punches and you feel it on your arms, strange power, strange power.”