Princess Eugenie was caught on video playing with two-year-old Posie while on a visit to the Royal National Orthopaedic Hosptail today. The visit had a key link to the royal, as she was diagnosed with scoliosis - an abnormal curvature of the spine - when she was 12 years old. Sharing the sweet video on Twitter, GB News' royal reporter Cameron Walker that the mother-of-one had paid a visit to The Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital NHS Trust on Tuesday. He wrote that the Princess's visit was "part of the campaign to make the ‘Impossible Possible’ for people who face complex orthopaedic conditions." The late Queen's granddaughter met two-year-old Posie at the Prosthetic Rehabilitation Unit. Kneeling down next to the little girl, Eugenie held onto Posie's hand in the children's play area of the unit. READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return and attend King Charles's Coronation Someone in the background can be heard mentioning a "cup of tea", with Eugenie then asking Posie, "shall we make a cup of tea?". The little girl replies with a sweet nod of her head. Still gripping onto Posie's hand, Eugenie helps the two-year-old over to the play kitchen. Earlier this month, Eugenie enjoyed a break to Montecito in the US, close to where her cousin, Prince Harry lives with Meghan Markle and their two children. READ MORE: Princess Kate releases behind the scenes video of how her Shaping Us campaign came alive Eugenie is known for sharing a close bond with Prince Harry. The 32-year-old even appeared in the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix series, Harry and Meghan, which was released in December. Last month, Eugenie shared the happy news that she is expecting a second child with her husband, Jack Brooksbank. The couple, who got married in 2018, already have a two-year-old son called August. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Eugenie, who is the younger daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, is not typically considered a 'working royal'. She currently stands as 11th in the royal line of succession, with elder sister, Princess Beatrice, 9th in line.