  Jonnie Irwin, 49, has taken to Twitter today to share an exciting work update with his 24,100 followers. The A Place in the Sun star has previously claimed he was left heartbroken after being axed from the show, following his devastating terminal cancer diagnosis.      The Escape to the Country star tweeted a link to A Place in the Sun Live: Manchester 2023, which will run March 3-5. “Excited to announce that A place in the Sun Live is coming to Manchester March 3,” he wrote. “They’ve supported me on the website and events through everything and I always love these shows. “Get your tickets here - Look forward to seeing as many of you there as I can.” READ MORE: Christina Hendricks and Kate Moss honour Vivienne Westwood at memorial    Jonnie’s followers took to the comments section to share messages of support, with Richard writing: “Look forward to seeing you there buddy.” “Very best wishes Jonnie, from sunny Cordoba,” Chrisin commented. “Love the programme, hope you're doing ok Jonnie,” Barney penned, while Paula added: “I'm glad to hear they are supporting you.” “Hope things are ok with you Jonnie, miss your face on A Place in the Sun,” wrote Ian.       Last year, Jonnie bravely revealed his terminal cancer diagnosis, sharing that he doesn’t know how long he has left to live. He also described how he was left saddened after his contract wasn't renewed by Channel 4, despite having filmed more than 200 shows for A Place in the Sun. The first warning signs of Jonnie's illness came while he was filming episodes of the hit property programme in August 2020. "Within a week of flying back from filming, I was being given six months to live," he told Hello! magazine. READ MORE... Danniella Westbrook rushed to hospital as she's left with 'no money' [NEWS] Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer [LATEST] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [LATEST]       "I had to go home and tell my wife, who was looking after our babies, that she was on her own pretty much. That was devastating." “The Escape to the County team were brilliant,” he added. "I wanted to work and I needed to work for my own wellbeing and to provide for my family, they couldn't have done more to help me." Speaking to the publication about how he felt when his contract wasn’t renewed with Channel 4, he continued: “I had been with the show for almost two decades, so physiologically, that was a really big blow." A Place in the Sun bosses have since praised Jonnie's bravery for opening up about his cancer diagnosis.      They told Express.co.uk: "We were and remain, extremely saddened by the news of Jonnie's illness. "Our thoughts remain with him and his family at this incredibly difficult time. "We applaud his decision to talk openly about his cancer." You can find information and tickets for A Place in the Sun Live here.    