The San Antonio Spurs have slipped to a 16th successive loss and set an unwanted franchise record during the 2022/23 NBA season. While it has been a disappointing season for iconic head coach Gregg Popovich and his side, it has set the team up in good stead ahead of the 2023 NBA Draft - where French phenom Victor Wembenyama will be available. On Saturday, the Spurs fell 118-102 to the Utah Jazz in what was their 16th defeat in a row. San Antonio originally started the season with five wins and two losses, but they have since slipped to a current record of 14-47. Utah took the lead late in the third quarter and they managed to come out victorious from the game despite the Spurs’ best efforts. The Spurs are now one of the five worst teams in the league in three-pointers attempted, three-pointers scored, free throws attempted, free throws scored, shots taken, opponent's three-pointers attempted and opponent's three-pointers made. “We played really well in the first half, get off my a**”, head coach Popovich said after the result. “Two great quarters, and then it didn't go very well. But what else is new, you've seen it before.” READ MORE: Former Los Angeles Laker star looking to kick-start NBA career Although the Spurs have been extremely poor this season, they may not be granted the number one pick in the upcoming draft due to the lottery system, while they also have the Houston Rockets and the Detroit Pistons to contend with given their 13-46 and 15-46 respective records. Each team has been accused of tanking in order to improve their chances of landing Wembanyama. Tanking is when teams purposely lose in the short term, usually over a season, to obtain higher picks in the NBA Draft which will ultimately help them pick young talents who will lead them to long-term success. NBA commissioner Adam Silver has spoken a number of times on the league’s efforts to minimise tanking as teams attempt to improve their draft lottery position and claim the first pick. Talents like Wembanyama don’t come along often. He leads the French league with averages of 22.2 points, 9.5 rebounds and 3.1 blocks per game, while he was exceptional in the recent domestic All-Star Game, registering 27 points, 12 rebounds and 4 assists and he has even made several international appearances for France. DON'T MISSNBA hopeful Miller 'brought gun' to former teammate before shootingMilwaukee Bucks end Meyers Leonard's NBA exile after anti-Semitic slurMilwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo wrist injury update Wembanyama is the hottest prospect in the 2023 draft class and is considered by many to be the most promising young player since LeBron James entered the NBA 20 years prior in 2003. The 7’4” 19-year-old - who has an eight foot wingspan paired with the shooting ability of a point guard - is the surefire number one pick and teams are reportedly going to battle for the chance to pick him in the NBA draft lottery. His scarcely-believable size means Wembanyama is a fearsome shot-blocker and rim protector while he is essentially unstoppable as a perimeter shooter. Despite his relative inexperience, the center appears to have an intuitive understanding of the game, both on offence and defence.