Ruth was joined by Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch and Janet Street-Porter on the panel for a special Valentine's edition of Loose Women. When discussing whether moving house with your partner caused more friction in the relationship, talk soon turned to the ladies hoarding possessions they had gained throughout the year. Denise was discussing how stressful she finds moving house because of the number of things she keeps over the years. She admitted to throwing out one of her close friend's heirlooms that belonged to her parents and grandparents, claiming she would never throw anything out again. Ruth revealed she had done something similar with Eamonn and asked: "I nearly did that with Eamonn." Taking the opportunity, Coleen joked: "What threw him out?" READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Ruth quipped back: "I tried but he climbed out that skip. No, the same thing, I love looking for the house, that is all very exciting. "But Eamonn is very sentimental, and he hordes and he won't get rid of things. One day when he wasn't there I thought 'Oh these flipping Man United things'. "And put them in the skip, because I love a skip. Fortunately for him, he came home before the skip was taken away and went mad. "Apparently he had collected every programme of every match he has been to at Man United and they will become... "'Why?' That is what I said, 'why?' He goes 'what are you doing with that?' and I said 'oh it's them old Man United magazine things'. "And he was like 'those are my treasured programmes'." Elsewhere in the programme, Coleen came under fire from Ruth after claiming she looked like she had hopped off an Easy Jet flight. After coming back from an advert break, Ruth and Coleen could be seen laughing at one another. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [WATCH]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [INSIGHT] Ruth explained: "Sorry, do you know what she just said to me? Glad you could make it in from EasyJet today. Don't encourage her. I will let it go." Coleen was in hysterics after Ruth lifted the lid on the conversation as she backtracked. She said: "You look lovely." The episode was a Valentine's special where they were joined by Amanda Abbington and her partner Jonathan Goodwin to discuss their whirlwind relationship. Amanda and Jonathan got engaged in Vienna just 30 minutes after meeting one another after their 10 years of friendship online. However, not long after their engagement, their relationship suffered a setback after sustaining life-changing injuries as one of his stunts went wrong. The panel were left emotional after hearing the love story between the couple and the romantic proposal Jonathan had planned. Lifting the lid on when they would like to get married, the pair laughed at one another and admitted they are very "last-minute planners". Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.