 Sally Carman, 41, has been a beloved part of the Coronation Street cast since 2017, but worried fans this week. The star announced on Instagram that she would be off social media for a while, prompting endless questions as fans were concerned for her wellbeing.  In the photo, Sally declared: “Taking a bit of a break from social media for the next few weeks.” Fans were quick to send endless amounts of support and heart emojis, saying they will “miss your posts” and telling her to“have a lovely rest”, while admitting the announcement was "sad" to hear. Markports9 said they “don’t blame you” for taking the break, adding “it’s good to detox”, while Franceliafarrellanderson noted Sally should “Do what's right for you my lovely”. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes at loggerheads with wife Ruth Langsford as she refuses his Belfast move plan  However, not giving her 140,000 followers a reason for her hiatus, fans quickly began theorising why she would be taking a break. Some almost immediately began thinking of worst-case scenarios, as countless commenters questioned her well-being asking: “Hope you are okay?” Others had more long-term concerns, as Andrewjones3866 pointed out: “Make sure you come back, you never came back to Facebook.” A few seemed to believe the actress was giving up social media this year, with Christinem1302 declaring that they were giving up “refined sugar”.     While the star may have given up Facebook for good, Instagram has been Sally’s main touchstone to share the news with her fans. Last year, she announced on the platform that she had finally married her Corrie co-star after their wedding was cancelled multiple times due to the pandemic. Sally and her now-husband Joe Duttine, 52, had previously worked together on Shameless in the early 2000s and reunited when the actress joined the Corrie cast in 2017. Joe has been playing cab boss Tim Metcalfe on the soap for a full decade, but first appeared in a completely different role.  For five months in 2010, Joe played detective sergeant Max Carr, and fans were somewhat annoyed when he returned in a more permanent role three years later. The pair started dating in 2018 and moved in together months before the pandemic and subsequent lockdowns started. The couple got engaged during the first lockdown in 2020 and after almost two years were able to finally tie the knot. Sally celebrated their lavish Salford wedding by posting a passionate snap to Instagram.  The pair wrapped around each other with a sweet kiss as they held glasses of bubbles as Sally simply captioned the post: “We did”. The caption sweetly referenced Sally’s announcement of their engagement, where she posted a snap on Instagram reading: “I did.” Rather than a traditional white dress, Sally opted for a flattering baby blue gown with delicate lace snaking up the bodice and over her sleeves. Following their nuptials, Sally officially became stepmother to Joe’s three children aged 25, 14 and 12.