As cost of living pressures prevail and inflation continues to erode the real-term value of money, Britons have been searching for savings options that offer the highest returns possible. Regular savings accounts have been affording savers some of the highest interest rates seen in decades, but while these fluctuate, keeping an eye on the market is key. Commenting on the current savings market trends, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savings rates rose across the market month-on-month showing positive signs of provider competition. The consecutive Bank of England Base Rate rises, coupled with competition among challenger banks, has led to both the average easy access and notice rates hitting their highest levels in more than 14 years.” She said that the number of accounts overall for savers has also grown, seeing its biggest month-on-month rise since March 2022 with choice now resting at the highest count since November 2022. Ms Springall added: “These are all encouraging signs for the months ahead, particularly as we edge closer to a new tax year.” While there are a number of different savings options available, regular savings accounts offer a particularly effective route to start building up a savings pot. READ MORE: HSBC offers customers 5% savings interest rate  These accounts typically offer higher interest rates and the terms generally encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly. Savers just need to meet certain requirements on the respective accounts and they’ll earn interest on their savings on the basis they make minimal withdrawals and deposit regularly. While there are no savings accounts that beat the UK’s soaring inflation rate, some are offering notably high interest rates. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. Top 10 regular savings accounts with high interest rates Ranking top of the list is first direct’s Regular Saver offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of seven percent on up to £3,600 per year. Interest is calculated daily and paid on maturity of the account exactly one year after opening. Savers can deposit between £25 and £300 per month in multiples of £5. DON'T MISS: Britons face £130,000 shortfall if they retire at 60 [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS] Three key tax allowance to maximise before they expire in April [INSIGHT]    Withdrawals are not permitted throughout the duration of the 12-month term. In the event of this, the account will have to close and interest will be paid up to the closure date at the Savings Account variable rate instead. The savings account is currently only available to Current Account holders, but those who switch banks will be awarded a free £175 if they use the Current Account Switching Service (CASS) and deposit £1,000 within three months of opening. NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver places second with an AER of 6.17 percent. The 6.17 percent interest rate is awarded to savings up to £5,000, after which a 0.65 percent rate will be applied to savings from £5,001 and over. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. Placing third is Royal Bank of Scotland’s Digital Regular Saver, also with an AER of 6.17 percent. READ MORE: Try six point checklist to see how much money you'd save  Like NatWest, the same interest rules apply (6.17 percent paid up to £5,000, then 0.65 percent), interest is applied monthly, and unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. In fourth place is Nationwide BS’ Start to Save (Issue 2) with an AER of five percent. Interest is calculated daily and paid yearly on each anniversary of its opening, and those who regularly save between £25 and £50 per month will also be entered into a £250 prize draw with multiple winners. This is an instant-access savings account, which means people can get access to their money whenever they need it. But, those who do withdraw may need to repay all or some of it back in during the same calendar month to be eligible for the prize draw. Placing fifth is TSB’s Monthly Saver Account with an AER of five percent. Savers can open this account with just £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the 12-month term. A monthly standing order between £25 and £250 must be set up from a TSB current account, and only one payment can be made each month. Withdrawals are permitted instantly without penalties, however, the funds can not be replaced. Hinckley & Rugby BS’ Regular Saver 30 Day Notice Account places sixth with an AER of 4.75 percent. A £10 deposit is required to open the account and up to £500 can be deposited monthly. Subject to a 30-day notice period, unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. However, if two payments are missed, the account will revert to Plain Sailing Easy Access Account. In seventh place is Yorkshire Building Society’s Christmas Regular Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. The account can be opened with £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid on maturity on October 31. Up to £300 can be saved per month but just one withdrawal is permitted throughout the course of the term. Placing eight is Lloyds Bank’s Monthly Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month.  Savers must have a Lloyds Current Account to open it, and interest is paid after 12 months when the term ends and withdrawals are permitted penalty-free. Halifax’s Regular Saver places ninth with an AER of 4.5 percent. Similar to Lloyds Regular Saver, a minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month. The AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. After which, the money will be transferred into an Everyday Saver account.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Withdrawals are not permitted, but the account can be closed before the term ends without charge. Finally, in tenth place is the Bank of Scotland’s Monthly Saver, places ninth with an AER of 4.5 percent. This account is also a 12-month bond and allows savers to deposit £25 to £250 a month. People also must have a Bank of Scotland current account in order to open it. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and after 12 months, the account will change to an Instant Access Savings Account.  