WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gold on BBC Six-part series The Gold is keeping viewers gripped after the show landed on the BBC iPlayer recently and continues to air on Sunday nights on BBC One. The drama mixes fact and fiction in its retelling of the Brink’s-Mat robbery which saw £26million worth of gold stolen from a depot close to Heathrow Airport. Police detective Brian Boyce (played by Hugh Bonneville) and his team of officers were helping to crack the case as they tried to retrieve the stolen gold and bring those responsible to justice. Yes, Boyce is still alive with Downton Abbey actor Bonneville meeting with the real-life figure in preparation for his role in The Gold. Boyce is now in his eighties with actor Bonneville saying the former police officer was “just as alert as you like”. The ex-detective also shared some stories with the actor about his career in the police force and how he ended up working on the Brink’s-Mat robbery case. Bonneville said: “It’s been documented elsewhere that there was a significant amount of corruption in the police throughout the ‘60s, ‘70s and ‘80s – but Boyce was clearly a man who was not going to be corrupted, which is why he was trusted by both the Security Forces and by those high up in the establishment.” READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder Bonneville went on to say: “I often think about characters in terms of their pulse rate and one of the main things I took away from my meeting with him was that he has a slow pulse, a calm pulse. “He’s a man who considers, reflects and he’s a good delegator. “He trusted his team, or needed to trust his team when he couldn’t trust those around him and he kept those he could trust particularly close.” The star, who has also appeared in W1A and Paddington, said there was an “obligation” to portray a real-life person as “accurately or as fairly” as possible. READ MORE: Here's a look at the real-life John Palmer from BBC's The Gold Moreover, meeting with the real-life Boyce added a “different dimension” for Bonneville in his performance. Bonneville said the meeting with Boyce had been beneficial as he’d got “the measure of the way he viewed the world” and how he “operated within his team”. He said he got the sense Boyce was a “fair and considered” man who wouldn’t “speak off the cuff”. The actor explained: “He would think through what he was going to say and what he was going to do. READ MORE: BBC series The Gold features both fictional and real-life figures “Not a man of impulse, I’d say. It was incredibly helpful to get the measure of the man in that regard.” Bonneville said The Gold’s writer Neil Forsyth had created a “brilliant” character in Boyce as a “man who liked to be on the frontline”. “He’s a man who’s prepared to put himself at the front,” Bonneville said. “It’s very nicely etched into the story when his team are on surveillance, the tension is rising and he realises that being in the safety of HQ, behind a desk, is not where he should be.” DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] Bonneville added: “So he heads to Kent to be with his team and of course there he witnesses a major part of the story unfold.” In The Gold, Boyce and his team doggedly follow all the leads they can to catch those behind the heist. While they manage to stop some of the people involved, they are aware others have slipped through the net. Boyce and his team continued to keep going after discovering their work was far from over after sending some of the perpetrators down. The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and is streaming on the BBC iPlayer