Princess Anne, 72, along with her younger brother Prince Edward, 58, stepped out this evening to support King Charles and Queen Camilla's reception to celebrate British East and South-East Asian communities at Buckingham Palace. The Princess Royal wore a beautiful cream blazer and a black and white polka dot skirt for the occasion. She also wore a matching black and white polka dot tie on top of the cream blazer, some black kitten heels and a pair of black gloves for the reception. But it was Princess Anne's jewellery choices that royal fans immediately noticed. To accessorise, the Princess Royal wore her gold ribbon brooch. Fine jewellery experts at UK retailer Steven Stone shared everything fans need to know about the sparkling piece. Maxwell Stone from Steven Stone told Express.co.uk: "Princess Anne has certainly showcased some spectacular looks during her lifetime - and her jewellery choices have been oozing with sentiment.    "The Princess Royal accessorised with a particularly poignant piece - a brooch that's been in her jewellery box for five decades. "Taking the form of a loosely-knotted ribbon, the brooch is made of gold studded with diamonds and was first worn by Anne at Buckingham Palace in February 1969, when she met Colon Frank Borman, who served as commander of the Apollo 8 mission. "A versatile workhorse in Anne's collection, the Princess Royal tends to reserve the piece for daytime wear but has worn it to some significant evening events - including a trip to Washington D.C in November 2014. "She often pairs it with her iconic Grima Pearl earrings - another of her longest-serving pieces of jewellery.   "I'd estimate the brooch to be worth approximately $40,000." This equates to roughly £32,000 in British Sterling. The brooch is made of gold studded with diamonds, and it takes the form of a loosely-knotted ribbon. She generally reserves the piece for daytime wear, though she has chosen it for some significant events, including a trip to Washington, D.C. in November 2014 to open an exhibition about the Magna Carta.  The ribbon brooch also works for more upbeat events, like the annual Royal Ascot races. Anne wore the brooch with a pale blue ensemble at Ascot in June 2016. Interestingly, Princess Anne also wore her Grima Pearl earrings this evening. The late Queen’s love of pearls is something that she’s passed on to her daughter, Princess Anne, who has been wearing this pair of pearl earrings since the 1960s.  Zack Stone from Steven Stone told Express.co.uk: “Designed by Andrew Grima, Princess Anne’s Grima Pearl Earrings constitute gold, pearl, and diamonds in a modern leaf design. "Gifted to her by the Queen and Prince Philip in the late 1960s, the earrings are one of Princess Anne’s longest-serving pieces of jewellery and have huge sentimental value. "Worn frequently at public appearances, the Princess most notably wore them on her first royal tour as an adult, in Australia when she was with her Mother at just 19 years old, to her wedding to Timothy Laurence in 1992 and to Prince Phillip’s funeral in 2021. "The retail price for a pair of earrings like Princess Anne’s would be at the top end of £3,000.”