The Queen of Country Pop, 57, revealed "it was a very dangerous time and very scary". During the midst of the coronavirus pandemic, Shania had not only caught the viral infection, but developed complications too. Her symptoms were "progressively getting worse", which freaked out her husband, Frédéric Thiébaud.  "He spent hours and hours every day on the phone, trying to get an air evacuation co-ordinated," Shania told The Mirror. Describing the ordeal as a "real nightmare" for Frédéric, 53, he eventually was able to sort out an air lift from their home in Lake Geneva, Switzerland. "My vital signs were getting worse… and in the end I had to be air evacuated," Shania confirmed. The That Don't Impress Me Much hitmaker described the helicopter journey as "going to another planet". READ MORE: Smell that? Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs   "It was like science fiction, I felt like I was going to another planet or something," she said. "It all kind of happened in slow motion." Once at the hospital, Shania was put into isolation and started on plasma therapy to treat Covid-related pneumonia. "It took several days to start building up any antibodies at all, so it was a very dangerous time and very scary," she added. Coming out of the other side in better health, Shania said she feels "so grateful".  To express her gratitude, the singer wrote a song about the incident, called Inhale/Exhale, which features on her sixth studio album, Queen Of Me. "It’s a song of ­gratitude and appreciation," she explained. "I was inspired that I still had air in my lungs." She also praised her husband for his unwavering support during her illness. "I thought, 'Wow, if I was living alone in a more isolated scenario, I don’t know what would have happened.' READ MORE: 'I was in complete shock': Bowel cancer patient wasn't too concerned with his symptoms "My heart goes out to people who don’t have that support to help them get the right care." Covid-related pneumonia Dr Dan Brennan verified that Covid can lead to "severe pneumonia in both lungs", which can be "deadly". Pneumonia is a lung infection that causes inflammation in the air sacs, which can fill up with fluid, making it difficult to breathe. The condition could coincide with shortness of breath, a cough, fever, chest pain, chills, and fatigue. Covid-related pneumonia could also lead to: Dr Brennan confirmed the condition might result in a rapid heartbeat, rapid breathing, dizziness, and heavy sweating. Covid can lead to pneumonia if the virus damages the cells and tissues that line the air sacs in the lungs, which can cause tissue to break off and clog the lungs. Furthermore, the walls of the air sacs can thicken, making it difficult to breathe. Anybody experiencing Covid complications are advised to call NHS 111.