Manchester United lock horns with Newcastle in the final of the Carabao Cup on Sunday afternoon. And, ahead of that game, news surrounding the club is coming thick and fast. Express Sport now takes a look at some of the big stories, with Erik ten Hag and Avram Glazer among those featuring. United beat Barcelona 2-1 on Thursday, with goals from Fred and Antony giving them a huge victory at Old Trafford. And Spanish newspaper AS say Robert Lewandowski was involved in an argument following the contest. It’s claimed the Poland international had strong words for Ansu Fati after the winger stopped the veteran from getting to the ball. Fati, for his part, defended himself from criticism. Both players should play a role as Barcelona face off against Almeria in their La Liga showdown on Sunday (5.30pm). Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players United will be missing three players for the match against Newcastle at Wembley. Anthony Martial won’t make the squad, with Ten Hag confirming the forward was still battling to regain full fitness. And United will also be without long-term absentees Donny van de Beek and Christian Eriksen as well. Van de Beek is out until the end of the season, having picked up an injury during a win over Bournemouth last month. Eriksen, meanwhile, is expected back in late April or early May. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Glazer is set to attend the match against Newcastle, according to The Athletic. The American hasn’t been to a game in over six months. But he’s poised to be in attendance in the capital, in what could be one of the last finals of the Glazers’ regime. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to a potential sale. Sheikh Jassim and Sir Jim Ratcliffe have since been confirmed as two bidders interested in seizing power. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking to Football Insider, former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor was full of praise for Alejandro Garnacho. “I’m very excited by him,” he said. “Whenever I see criticism of him, I just think people are forgetting just how young he is. When you’re playing for a club like Man United, it’s easy to get criticism. “He’s bound to be very raw, but he’s learning every game. Even when he came on against Barcelona at Old Trafford, he was very clever. He knew the right time to pass or to take a player on. “Man United will have been desperate to get him tied down. He’s the perfect player to bring on off the bench at the moment. “I think they’ve got a really talented player on their hands with an amazing future ahead of him.” Speaking ahead of the match with Newcastle, Antony admitted he was desperate to win a first trophy with United. "When I came here, I said that Manchester United is a huge club and we’re going to put this club back where it belongs – fighting for and winning trophies,” he said. "We know that it’ll be a tough task, but we’re aware of how big we are as a club and how good we are. "It’ll be a dream come true, in my first season, if we can win a trophy. I hope that I can keep at this so more glory follows." And he added: "I’m really excited. "I was talking to my mates at home about this, it’s going to be my first time there. It’ll be a huge day for me, I can’t wait for this day to come around. "Your first final in your first season is always going to be special."