Frank Skinner, 66, revealed he was “moved” after the “classy” Sophie Wessex wrote to him to clarify their purported incident at the Royal Variety. The comedian claimed Sophie had told him “don’t give up the day job”after he joined comedian David Baddiel to sing Three Lions on stage at the Royal Albert Hall. Speaking on his Absolute Radio show, Frank described Sophie’s subsequent apology letter as “lovely” as he admitted to being “pleased” by the royal’s gesture. He said: “I got a very lovely note this week - unexpected - from someone I’ve talked about on the radio show. “And I’m not going to tell you exactly what was in it, but it was lovely. “And you know when the word classy springs to mind... I was quite moved by it.” READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles The TV presenter went on: “It came from Bagshot Park - it is the home of the Countess of Wessex, who I had a slight incident with at the Royal Variety. “And she wrote to me in order to clarify what had gone on. “It was the most beautiful thing - handwritten and lovely. I was very pleased. “It was a lovely thing, I love her now,” Frank added. Frank and David re-released their 1996 hit while the England team fought for its place in the 2022 World Cup, before performing it at the Royal Variety in December. However, according to Frank, Sophie, who is married to Prince Edward, told him “don't give up your day job” after seeing the performance. Frank added: "I thought, 'This is not how the royal walk thing works'. "And we honestly said, 'Pardon, it’s supposed to be just banal compliments.'" DON'T MISS...Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [UPDATE]The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [GRAMMYS]Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] Frank told the Countess he and David are normally "like comics". However, she replied: “Yeah, but you’re on screen aren’t you, you’re not used to a live crowd.” He claimed he told her he had performed in front of a live audience before but she said: "But you haven't done anywhere the size of this." The radio presenter told the Countess he performed in the London Palladium the previous week. He quipped: "She looked at me like, 'You’re not supposed to be arguing, I don’t think you’re supposed to be arguing with me, you’re supposed to just nod.' "It was like a really awkward thing." However, he claimed Prince Edward chimed in to say: "That's a good review." Reflecting on the encounter with the couple, Frank told listeners: "I think what’s happened is they don’t really do this stuff much, and they’ve (the royals) been reduced in numbers for various reasons, and so they’ve been pulled out to do this.”