Nicola Bulley's neighbour has described her friend as the mum you would hope to be. Charlotte Drake has spoken of the hell she has faced since Ms Bulley, 45, went missing near St Michael's on Wyre almost three weeks ago. Ms Drake said: "It's been hell for us - for everybody. She's touched so many. Her face is everywhere and we're all just asking, 'Where is she?'" She also spoke of the surreal feeling she has experienced since the mortgage adviser, from Inskip, disappeared. Speaking to Sky News, she said: "You're just expecting to see her in the mornings. "It just almost feels at the moment like time is stood still, until we know anything and find anything. "She's the mum you would want to be, she'd do everything for those girls and nothing is ever too much trouble. "She's one of us and that's why it's hit so many of us around here, all the mums. "We've all done this walk and it feels like it could have been any one of us." Along with many well-wishers, Ms Drake has tied a yellow ribbon to a bridge over the River Wyre downstream from where Ms Bulley went missing. READ ABOUT A SIGNIFICANT TEXT NICOLA BULLEY'S FRIEND RECEIVED Messages read, "Hope is the last thing ever lost" and "Nikki, I love you, come home". Others saying "We need you home Nicola", "Praying for your safe return" and "I love you" were found tied to the bridge on Sunday. Ms Drake said: "We can't give up hope because she would never give up, she'd be doing exactly the same as any one of our neighbours." As the search for her continues in its 19th day, police have been searching areas from the river where she vanished to the sea. DON'T MISS: Shamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [LATEST] People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REPORT] What we know about Michigan State University shooter Anthony McRae [REVEALED] The search in Morecambe Bay has continued with officers on horseback having surveyed elevated paths in the village of Knott End-on-Sea on Monday. Police extended the search for her body to the sea on Thursday after detectives said finding her "in the open sea becomes more of a possibility". Meanwhile, officers are still looking for clues near the bench on the riverbank where her phone was found still connected to a work call on the day she disappeared. Lancashire Constabulary believes she fell into the river Wyre "in a 10-minute window" while walking her springer spaniel Willow on her usual morning walk after dropping her daughters - Harriet and Sophia - at school. Ms Bulley had logged into a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. She was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am - the last known sighting - and police traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker at around 9.35am, with Willow nearby. Lancashire Constabulary  says it does not think she came to any harm and had ruled out foul play. A private investigator told Express.co.uk today that he believes Ms Bulley may still be alive. The PI said the reported lack of evidence suggested she may not be dead. It comes as Ms Bulley's partner, Paul Ansell, 44, said he is appalled after the police reportedly failed to respond to his plea to hold a joint press conference. He shared his frustrations with forensic expert Peter Faulding, who is supporting the family and has been involved in the search.