   Andrea McLean, 53, has revealed she would be up for joining the I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! 2023 lineup in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The former Loose Women panellist, who spoke about her experience of menopause as part of the Boots and No7 Menopause Monologues, explained why she would sooner be showered in bugs than hit the dance floor again.      Andrea is no stranger to some serious physical and psychological challenges, taking part in the gruelling Channel 4 show Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins back in 2019. Speaking about entering the jungle, the star admitted that the experience sounded “like fun” but that she had a few conditions. “I would do I’m A Celeb, but I would do it if I was somewhere warm,” she said in reference to the series of recent years, which took place at Gwrych Castle in Wales due to lockdown restrictions. “I’m not doing it in a Welsh castle, because I’ve already done SAS and got medically discharged with hyperthermia and I don’t really want that to happen again! “And I’d have to have therapy for the creepy, buggy things to make me not scared,” she quipped. “But apart from that, I would be up for all the other challenges and stuff - it would be quite fun! READ MORE: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears'      During the interview, Andrea went on to reveal why she “wouldn’t do” Strictly Come Dancing in the future, despite being keen to tough it out in the Australian jungle. “I wouldn’t do Strictly because I was the reserve for Strictly a few years ago and it was a really interesting experience,” she began. The star wouldn’t reveal who she was coupled up with at the time, but confirmed her dance partner was “just lovely”. “You have to do a dance, so that you’re already prepared for if someone gets injured,” Andrea explained. “And once the series starts and everyone’s ok, then you’re not in.       The author then went on to describe her dawning realisation that she would be “terrible” in the competition. “So it was a dress rehearsal practice for what being on Strictly would be like, and I realised… I would be terrible,” she confessed. “I was so scared!” Andrea continued, before putting on her best booming strictly announcer voice. “When we had to do the dress rehearsal day and they said, ‘Dancing the (whatever it was - Vienize Walz?) Andrea McLean!’ I forgot my name, my left foot, my right foot, what my head is for… READ MORE... Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes [NEWS] Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts [INSIGHT]       “I realised I would never want to do this,” the presenter confessed. “So even if they came back and said, ‘Would you come on?’ I would say no. “It was even scarier than doing Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, which is saying something!” she revealed. “I’m a very good dancer once I’ve had a few rum punches and I don’t have to do any organised choreography. “…But other than that? Terrible!” Andrea concluded decisively.      Popular presenter and This Girl Is On Fire founder Andrea was plunged into menopause at 46 after she had to undergo a hysterectomy. The star, who was a fan favourite on Loose Women between 2007 and 2020, has teamed up with Boots, which has recently launched a symbol to help women identify ‘Menopause Friendly’ products and services in collaboration with GenM. Boots and No7 recently launched the Menopause Monologues, where tenured celebs Andrea, Gabby Logan, Anna Richardson, Sally Phillips, Shaparak Khorsandi and Karen Arthur performed a monologue revealing their personal experience, the signs or symptoms that affected them most and their thoughts on what can be done to improve the experience of menopause for all women. Andrea McLean is opening up about her experiences of the menopause as part of the Boots and No7 Menopause Monologues. Boots has products, services and advice to help women take control of over 40 signs and symptoms of the menopause, available on boots.com.   