Motorists will now have to keep track of where they’re driving to avoid hefty fines. Those who drive HGVs especially could fall victim to these fines, with HGV drivers potentially facing a total of £450 per day if all seven Clean Air Zones are entered between Bradford, Birmingham, Bristol, and Bath in a single day, according to experts at Go Car Credit. A vehicle is considered non-compliant if they fail to meet the following minimum emission standards: The zones run for 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with the charge period running from midnight to midnight. READ MORE: Electric car experts warn drivers not to fall for EV charging myths Motorists have until 11:59pm on the sixth day after driving into the zone to pay any charges. Charges are cheaper for non-compliant cars and taxis but more expensive for HGVs, buses and coaches. Outside of London, Clean Air Zones exist in: DON'T MISSSimple car insurance tip allows drivers to save as much as £65 a year [INSIGHT] Vast majority of UK drivers won't buy electric cars due to high costs [REVEAL] DVLA issues urgent driving licence warning to motorists [WARNING] Upcoming Clean Air Zones: Newcastle and Gateshead (charging started from January 30) - non-compliant buses, coaches & HGVs will be charged £50 per day and non-compliant taxis and minibuses will be charged £12.50 per day. From July 2023, non-compliant vans and light goods vehicles will also be charged £12.50 per day. Sheffield's Clean Air Zone will start charging from February 27. The charges will be as follows: £10 for vans and taxis; £50 for HGVs, coaches and buses. LGVs will have a temporary exemption until June 5, 2023. READ MORE: Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers The Greater Manchester Clean Air Zone is still under review. Hayley O’Connor of Go Car Credit said: “If you’re thinking about changing your vehicle, now might be a good time to consider ones which meet Euro 6 and Euro 4 standards to avoid costly charges for entering a CAZs. "Nearly every new car sold since September 2015 should meet these standards.” If the CAZ charges aren’t paid, the current standard penalty charge notice (PCN) is £120, and drivers have up to 28 days to pay. Alternatively, if drivers pay within 14 days of the date of issue of the PCN, it will cost £60. For anyone who might be struggling with costs associated with Clean Air Zones there are grants and schemes available. There are a number of local councils in the UK who are offering support to drivers and businesses. In Bristol, the council is offering grants and loans to help people and businesses that need to replace vehicles that don't meet the zone's emission standards. To get a grant or loan motorists must wait for the authority to contact them after registering their interest. You can read more about the available grants here.