Addressing the new Republican House speaker, Mr Biden said: “Speaker, I don’t want to ruin your reputation, but I look forward to working with you.” Biden’s State of the Union address is being viewed as a blueprint for a potential re-election bid in 2024, which he is expected to announce soon.    Kevin Owen McCarthy is the 55th and current speaker of the United States House of Representatives, who was elected to the post on January 7 this year. Mr Biden recalled his economic policies, including the 2021 infrastructure overhaul that will pour $1tn into fixing roads, bridges, airports, pipes and other capital works across the country. The president said he wanted to “thank my Republican friends who voted for the law, and my Republican friends who voted against it as well … I still get asked to fund the projects in those districts as well". He continued: “But don’t worry. I promised I’d be a president for all Americans.  “We’ll fund these projects, and I’ll see you at the groundbreaking.” During the speech, Mr Biden focussed heavily on the economy. He noted how America recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic quicker than other major markets. He said: “The story of America is a story of progress and resilience … READ MORE: Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school   “We are the only country that has emerged from every crisis stronger than when we entered it. “That is what we are doing again.” He continued: “Two years ago, Covid had shut down our businesses, closed our schools, and robbed us of so much. “Today, Covid no longer controls our lives.” DON'T MISS:David Carrick’s ‘lenient’ prison sentence to be reviewed  [REVEAL]Police makes new arrest on suspicion of affray in Cody Fisher murder  [INSIGHT]Welsh town at epicentre of banned dog trade after two deaths [SPOTLIGHT]  The US President also tried to empathise with Americans as he argued that his policies have improved, despite high inflation and many workers’ generally gloomy views of the economy. He said: “Amid the economic upheaval of the past four decades, too many people have been left behind or treated like they’re invisible. “Maybe that’s you watching at home. You remember the jobs that went away. “And you wonder whether a path even exists anymore for you and your children to get ahead without moving away. “I get it. That’s why we’re building an economy where no one is left behind. Jobs are coming back, pride is coming back because of the choices we made in the last two years. "This is a blue-collar blueprint to rebuild America and make a real difference in your lives.” 