Earthquake rescue efforts have continued to recover survivors from the rubble in Turkey and Syria a week after the initial tremors, but experts have warned the operations will soon turn to "body recovery". February 13 saw another day of emotional discoveries, with children among those scooped from building wreckage after nearly 200 hours. A disaster expert has said survivors will start looking at the long-term while officials look at winding down the rescue operation to focus elsewhere. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ilan Kelman, a Professor of Disasters and Health at University College London (UCL), said earthquake operations would shift to body recovery as officials focus on weeks rather than days. He said: "In terms of weeks, it will be a body recovery operation rather than a rescue operation, as survivors shift into the long-term situation of living day-to-day in a disaster zone (on top of conflict) while trying to rebuild and recover." Professor Kelman's words echo those from UN aid chief Martin Griffiths, who said the rescue operations are "coming to a close" a week following the magnitude 7.8 and 7.5 tremors. While speaking from Aleppo, Syria, he told reporters the organisation would need to help people recover from one of the worst disasters in a century. READ MORE: Inside the Turkish 'ghost towns' where desperate search continues Mr Griffiths said: "The rescue phase - that's dragging live people out from the rubble and finding those who have died in the rubble - that's coming to a close. "And now the humanitarian phase, the urgency of providing shelter, psychosocial care, food, schooling and a sense of future for these people, that's our obligation now." The chances of survival for those trapped in the rubble are rapidly approaching zero. Speaking to Sky News, Eduardo Reinoso Angulo, a professor at the Institute of Engineering at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, said people would almost certainly not survive past the mid-week. He told the network that, by Wednesday, chances are close to zero that those trapped in fallen buildings are still alive. They will have spent nine days buried in freezing sub-zero temperatures without access to food or water. Thousands of survivors, while now freed from the wreckage, are living in similar conditions. Mr Griffiths said the earthquake has proven uniquely destructive, even for Syrians living through the horrors of civil war. He told reporters that it was "striking" how a nation that had "suffered so much these many years" was so profoundly impacted by the disaster. Mr Griffiths said the moment the earthquake hit was "about the worst that these people have experienced". Officials have keenly reminded the international community that, while the rescues are winding down, Syria and Turkey still require aid. Professor Kelman said: "The world will hopefully continue to help by supporting people in reconstructing—and preferably reconstructing in such a way that a similar disaster does not occur again."