Rishi Sunak is pulling strings "behind the scenes" in order to get fighter jets to Ukraine, Health Minister Maria Caulfield has said. It comes just one day after Boris Johnson intervened in the House of Commons to demand the Prime Minister "cut to the chase" and send the aircraft to Kyiv. Speaking in the same debate, Liz Truss said she "could not wait to see fighter jets over Ukraine", in her first Commons intervention since resigning in October. Speaking to GB News about whether or not the UK will send the equipment to Kyiv, Ms Caulfield said "there is lots of work going on behind the scenes on this specific issue". She said the PM has been "very clear he wants to support Ukraine" and is "trying to encourage allies across the western world to support Ukraine with help and support". Ms Caulfield claimed: "We're all singing from the same hymn sheet." Speaking in the House of Commons last night, Mr Johnson said tanks must be sent to Volodymyr Zelensky's forces in the "next few weeks” and not next year. He added: "Let’s cut to the chase and give them the planes too. And if the House was in any doubt about the urgency of supplying our equipment to the Ukrainians, it is becoming ever clearer that China is preparing to arm the Russians". Western allies are currently weighing up whether to step up their involvement in the conflict by sending jets to the warzone, with world leaders meeting in Munich for a global security conference over the weekend. Speaking at the conference, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak lent his support to Ukraine, saying the UK stands "ready to support all allies if they can provide fighter jets to Ukraine now".  He said the UK was already "leading" on training Ukrainian fighter jet pilots, calling for allies to "double down" in support. But there is concern in Westminster that sending fighter jets to the warzone could escalate the conflict. Giving an address in Westminster Hall earlier this month, Mr Zelensky presented Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle with a Ukrainian fighter pilot's helmet as a symbolic gift for what the war effort needed. He added: "In your country, your King (Charles III) is an airforce pilot, in my country airforce pilots are kings." Mr Johnson quickly came out in support of the move, saying "there is no reason" that the aircraft cannot be supplied to Ukraine. 