A suspected Chinese spy balloon shot down over the US was potentially carrying explosives to destroy itself, according to a top General. The Pentagon official, Air Force General Glen D. VanHerck, discussed new details about the mysterious balloon with reporters.  The General said the balloon may have been carrying explosives to destroy itself, weighed thousands of pounds and its payload was the size of a jetliner. It had propellers and a rudder to direct it but mostly relied on wind power to move. The US "took maximum precautions" to prevent the balloon from collecting information as it crossed the nation, according to the General Vanherck, commander of US Northern Command.  He added that as the balloon didn't present a physical threat to the US and Canada, he could not take immediate action shooting it down. The balloon travelled over the Aleutian Islands into mainland Alaska before traversing Canada and entering the US into Montana where the nuclear missile silos are housed. His description of the device followed a briefing by National Security Council spokesman John Kirby, who discussed the decision to shoot down the balloon over South Carolina on Saturday. "Because the president decided they wouldn't shoot it down until he could do so safely, and that meant over water, that afforded us a terrific opportunity to gain a better understanding, to study the capabilities of this balloon," he told reporters.  Biden said he ordered the balloon be shot down on Wednesday, however the military decided to wait citing the risk of falling debris injuring people on the ground. Instead, the device was destroyed just off the coast of Myrtle Beach, SC by an F-22 fighter jet firing a AIM-9X Sidewinder missile to bring it down. General VanHerck said that most of the balloon had been recovered by the military but noted the possibility some of the device could wash ashore. He urged anyone that came across debris from the balloon to stay away and contact authorities. The delay in shooting down the Chinese balloon opened the Biden Administration up to attacks by Republicans who had urged him to take it out of the sky earlier. READ MORE: Single mum 'lovesick' over Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger "SHOOT DOWN THE BALLOON," Trump posted his Truth Social website. Others echoed Trump's call to destroy the balloon. One of Montana's two Congressmen, Republican Ryan Zinke, said it should be shot down. "Shoot. It. Down. The Chinese spy balloon is clear provocation. In Montana we do not bow. We shoot it down. Take the shot," he said in a tweet. However, Biden Administration officials say they have intelligence which suggests that other Chinese balloons entered US Airspace undetected during Donald Trump's presidency and at least one other time under Biden's watch. DON'T MISS:China warns of 'further action' against US after spy balloon shot down [INSIGHT]Calls for Chinese spy balloon to be shot down as explosions heard [REPORT]Video captures chaotic moment Americans use roundabout for first time [VIDEO]  White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan said on Monday that after Biden took office, the US "enhanced our surveillance of our territorial airspace, we enhanced our capacity to be able to detect things that the Trump administration was unable to detect". Speaking at the event hosted by the US Global Leadership Coalition, Sullivan added that as part of those efforts "we were able to go back and look at the historical patterns" and uncover "multiple instances" during the Trump administration in which Chinese surveillance balloons traversed American airspace and territory. Sullivan did not explain what specifically allowed the US to detect and track the latest balloon where the previous administration might not have. Officials have said, without elaborating, that China has flown similar balloons over parts of five continents in recent years. He said the US was "still piecing through" which Chinese officials knew what about the balloon when in Beijing and would not speak publicly yet about US assessments of China's intentions. 