Volodymyr Zelensky was met with roaring applause as he shook hands with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in front of the door of 10 Downing Street. The Ukrainian President travelled to the UK in a Boeing C-17A Globemaster III plane, which touched down at Stansted Airport at around 10.23am. He was greeted on the runway by Mr Sunak. A ring of steel was set up around Mr Zelensky, while Westminster has been placed on high alert for security threats. He travelled across London, surrounded by a fleet of armoured cars. The red carpet was rolled out at 10 Downing Street ahead of Mr Zelensky's arrival. He will use the surprise visit to see Ukrainian troops being trained by the British armed forces. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced plans for the British Armed Forces to train Ukrainian pilots, paving the way for them to be able to fly sophisticated NATO-standard jets. Mr Zelensky is addressing parliament during a speech at nearby Westminster Hall at 1pm before he and Mr Sunak visit Ukrainian troops training in the South West. He started his historic address by paying tribute to Ukraine's military. After receiving a huge round of applause from those present, Mr Zelensky said: "The people of the United Kingdom and their honourable representatives, all the people of England and Scotland, of Wales and Northern Ireland, of all the lands which have been home to brave souls since Europe came into existence. "I have come here and stand before you on behalf of the brave, on behalf of our war heroes who are now in the trenches under enemy artillery fire, on behalf of our air gunners, and every defender of the sky who protects Ukraine against enemy aircraft and missiles, on behalf of our tank men who fight to restore our Ukrainian borders, on behalf of our conscripts who are being trained now including here in Britain. "Thank you, Britain."  Mr Zelensky hailed the "strong British character" that had been shown in response to the invasion of Ukraine from Russia. He told Parliament: "You didn't compromise Ukraine and hence you didn't compromise your ideals and thus you didn't compromise the spirit of these great islands. Thank you very much." The Ukrainian President later said: "We know freedom will win. We know Russia will lose. And we really know that the victory will change the world and this will be a change that the world has long needed. "The United Kingdom is marching with us towards the most, I think, the most important victory of our lifetime. It will be a victory over the very idea of the war. READ MORE: New Tory chairman Greg Hands hints at date of the next election  "After we win together, any aggressor, it doesn't matter big or small, will know what awaits him if he attacks international order. Any aggressor is going to lose." He also added: "Evil is still around today and the battle continues. Yes, we know how it's going to end and how we are going to feel on the day victory comes. Every day we continue to pay with our lives. "Pain and tears for bringing victory closer, with the lives of our people, our heroes, whom we lose in battles, with the lives of our heroes who take life and death risks every day to save as many of our soldiers and civilians as possible." Mr Zelensky and Mr Sunak give a joint press conference later this afternoon, while Buckingham Palace has also said Mr Zelensky will have an audience with King Charles III at the royal residence. Speaking in No 10's White Room ahead of bilateral talks with Mr Sunak, the Ukrainian President earlier said: "Thank you so much Rishi for inviting me and for me great honour to be here in Britain. And thanks to Britain for society first of all for your big support from the first days of the full-scale invasion. DON'T MISSUkraine prepares for 'full-scale offence' in days [LATEST]SNP MP fears his emails were stolen by Russian spies [COMMENTS]Jeremy Hunt warned by MoD he could turn army into ‘cannon fodder’ [REPORT]  "Thank you so much. We are proud really and we have very good relations with Rishi." Mr Zelensky added the two leaders would continue their dialogue which he said was "very important for security of our country and of course the security of the world". Earlier, the Ukrainian President said he is visiting the UK to “personally thank the British people for their support” in their efforts to fight off Russian forces in the war. He posted a statement on his Telegram channel to express his gratitude to the British public and Mr Sunak. The Ukrainian President also shared a photo of the Prime Minister greeting him at Stansted Airport. The Ukrainian leader wrote: "The United Kingdom was one of the first to come to Ukraine's aid. And today I'm in London to personally thank the British people for their support and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak for his leadership." Opening Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons, Mr Sunak told MPs in the House of Commons: "I am delighted that President Zelensky is here in the United Kingdom today.   "It is a testament to the unbreakable friendship between our two countries and I am proud that we are expanding the training for Ukrainian forces to include jet pilots and marines, and ensure that Ukraine has a military able to defend its interests today and into the future." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "This House is honoured to be addressed today by President Zelensky. From the outset of the war he has symbolised the heroism, resolve, and bravery of his people. "The Prime Minister and I joined this House together in 2015. We've lived through important moments in our domestic and international politics. But none of those experiences compares to the pain and suffering of the people of Ukraine. "Does the Prime Minister agree with me that right across this House it is vital that we all continue to stand together in full support of Ukraine?" Mr Sunak responded: "It's something that not only the whole country can be proud of, but the entire House can be proud that we came together to stand by Ukraine when the moment mattered, and that we will continue to stand with them, united, as one Parliament and one United Kingdom." More than 10,000 Ukrainian troops have been trained at bases throughout the UK - some on Challenger 2 tanks that Britain is sending to Ukraine.  Britain is one of the biggest military backers of Ukraine and since the Russian invasion on February 24, 2022, has sent the country more than £2billion worth of weapons and equipment. This is also only his second international trip since the start of the war with Russia. European Union officials have been preparing for a possible visit by Mr Zelensky to Brussels this week to coincide with a summit of the bloc. Mr Sunak earlier said: "President Zelensky's visit to the UK is a testament to his country's courage, determination and fight, and a testament to the unbreakable friendship between our two countries. "Since 2014, the UK has provided vital training to Ukrainian forces, allowing them to defend their country, protect their sovereignty and fight for their territory. "I am proud that today we will expand that training from soldiers to marines and fighter jet pilots, ensuring Ukraine has a military able to defend its interests well into the future.  "It also underlines our commitment to not just provide military equipment for the short term, but a long-term pledge to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Ukraine for years to come." Mr Zelensky addressed the House of Commons in March 2022 - just two weeks after the start of the Russian invasion into his country. He echoed Winston Churchill’s famous "never surrender" speech, vowing that Ukrainians "will fight till the end at sea, in the air. We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost." The plans to expand the UK's training programme to include jet fighter pilots is significant as Mr Zelensky has long been calling for Western nations to supply planes. Britain had initially argued the RAF's F-35 and Typhoon jets take too long for pilots to train on, but this new announcement from Downing Street signals a major shift in that position. Officials said "as part of that long-term capability investment" the UK will work with Ukraine and international allies "to co-ordinate collective support to meet Ukraine's defensive needs".  Over the past year, Mr Zelensky has established a close bond with Boris Johnson, who has been one of Ukraine's most vocal backers. Last month, the former Prime Minister travelled to the Ukrainian capital Kyiv before meeting Mr Zelensky. The Ukrainian President wrote on Telegram: "I welcome Boris Johnson, a true friend of Ukraine, to Kyiv. Boris thanks for your support!" At the time, Mr Sunak's press secretary said he is "always supportive of all colleagues showing that the UK is behind Ukraine and will continue to support them". 