Tottenham head coach Antonio Conte's return to Italy was far from a happy one after watching his injury-ravaged side lose 1-0 to AC Milan at the San Siro. Nearly 12 years to the day since their last visit resulted in a memorable victory inside this stadium, Conte's men were unable to repeat their heroics in the Champions League last-16 first leg. The north London side got off to the worst possible start when Brahim Diaz bundled the ball over the line to give Milan a deserved lead after a fast start following a double save from Fraser Forster. Spurs settled in the game but struggled to truly test Ciprian Tatarusanu in the Milan goal, with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min enduring a quiet game. Milan somehow failed to build on their advantage with Charles de Ketelaere and Mallick Thiaw missing gilt-edged opportunities late on in the second half, with Conte's men fortunate to leave with only a one-goal deficit to overhaul in the second leg in north London. Express Sport look at three errors that Conte made on a disappointing night in Milan for the Premier League side... READ MORE: Antonio Conte admits some Tottenham stars 'collapse' under pressure Much of Conte's rhetoric since he took over at Tottenham has centred around signings and the backing from the board. But is it any wonder there is some resistance from Daniel Levy and co. to put their money behind him when he leaves out his new signings? Conte decided to leave £40million new arrival Pedro Porro on the bench after his nightmare debut against Leicester, while £60m man Richarlison - who scored two thumping headers in the group stage - was left on the bench in favour of Dejan Kulusevski. Even loan signing Arnaut Danjuma was not introduced until the 80th minute from the bench. Unsurprisingly, Milan looked most dangerous when attacking down the right side, where Emerson Royal and Kulusevski struggled to keep track of the excellent lung-busting runs from Theo Hernandez. Ultimately, Conte's snub towards the £100m duo might have left some Spurs fans bemused and with it, he may have alienated the Spurs board in refusing to trust him in the transfer market again. When it works, Conte's 3-4-3 setup is difficult to defend against. However, when facing a team like Milan who are tactically flexible and adept with a three-man backline or 4-3-3, his football can often prove to be stale and predictable. And Conte's lack of a Plan B was evident as his side searched for an equaliser at the San Siro. Spurs usually find some creative inspiration from their frontmen Kane and Son, but the pair were swamped by five defenders and found themselves with no space in the final third. It was no surprise to see Kulusevski withdrawn after an ineffectual display on the right, while wing-backs Ivan Perisic and Emerson Royal struggled to mark their stamp in the game. But instead of forcing the issue by switching to a 4-3-3, or even a 4-4-2, Conte stuck with the same formation and simply changed the personnel. Richarlison replaced Kulusevski, while Danjuma came on for Son and Davies replaced Lenglet. Those substitutions proved to have little effect on the game, but with no change in style or mentality, it is little wonder they lacked inspiration in the final moments. Clement Lenglet was brought in to strengthen the Spurs backline for occasions like this after arriving on loan from Barcelona. But there are some areas of concern for the Frenchman that require drastic improvement after a feeble display in the first half. The 27-year-old was spotted ball-watching as Alexis Saelemakers ran unmarked into the area to try and head home from Hernandez's saved effort, and Diaz eventually succeeded on the third attempt. And there was Lenglet, watching everything unfold near the penalty spot with no Milan players near him, almost hypnotised as the ball twice came back out from Forster's goal. Conte would have been furious with the abysmal nature of the opening goal, and neither Cristian Romero nor Eric Dier covered themselves in glory as the move unfolded. But it is fair to say that after some poor defensive displays against Aston Villa and Arsenal recently, Conte did not learn his lesson in finding a replacement, even with Ben Davies and Davinson Sanchez available.