The incident comes just days after North Korea fired a Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile towards Japanese waters. In response to that incident, the USAF flew some of its bombers alongside Japanese and South Korean jets. Those exercises further prompted Kim Yo-jong to say the allies were "openly showing their dangerous greed". We are barely two months into 2023, yet this is North Korea's third major test of the year. Even before the latest show of force, South Korea and the US had planned joint exercises in March. Alongside China's nuclear weapons, it is believed weapons from North Korea are capable of striking the US mainland. Intercepting missiles from a great distance is believed to be harder than from a short one.Why does this matter? Well, coming off the back of rising China-US tensions - as well as 'balloon-gate' - it is worth remembering how close Beijing is to Pyongyang. It seems inconceivable that, if war erupted over Taiwan, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) would not utilise North Korea to tie down South Korean and US troops in the Korean Peninsula.It is equally possible the CCP would utilise its ally Pakistan to tie down Indian troops in South Asia as well. It is widely believed the CCP's 'string of pearls', or commercial and military facilities running in and around South Asia, is designed to contain New Delhi. India is suspicious that the Chinese-built Gwadar Port in southern Pakistan is designed for military purposes in the event of conflict in Asia. North Korea is also aware that, just as there is growing support for re-militarisation and hosting nuclear weapons in Japan, there is growing support for an independent nuclear deterrent in South Korea. Both Japan and South Korea are 'bomb in the basement' countries. Given their manufacturing prowess, both have the material and means to produce nuclear weapons within months if needed. According to recent polling from the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies, over three-quarters of South Koreans believe their country should develop its own nuclear weapons. For both Japan and South Korea, while the US alliance is still viewed positively, there are ongoing concerns about US commitment in the event of a major war, as well as concerns over US trade policies in recent years.This encourages support for a stronger military and independent nuclear deterrence even though nuclear proliferation is not currently supported by Western allies. That said, it is clear tensions are rising in Asia, while the situation remains fluid. The great tragedy of the Korean Peninsula, of course, is that one people who have been historically united in a common homeland are now divided by politics.Reunification - akin to that witnessed in Germany - would help develop North Korea while helping solve the South's demographic issues, as well as eliminating another security threat in the world. While the income gap between the two Koreas far exceeds that of the two Germanys, the short-term economic pain would be compensated for by the long-term economic and security gains.The immediate issue however remains escalating tensions in the Asia-Pacific, with Pyongyang's sabre-rattling a further warning of what could be on the horizon in the event of a wider conflict in the region.