It was an unspoken faith – and a comfort – that this vast army of men and women existed to keep us safe and deal with the horrors that can befall any of us at any given moment. Today that’s not the case. Today the ranks of those men and women have been infiltrated by a cadre of thugs, criminals and perverts – lawmen who spit on the law! But every bit as dangerous as these criminals in uniform are the incompetents, the ones who when tragedy strikes don’t have the first clue how to deal with it. So let’s talk about Lancashire Police who are currently trying to find missing mum Nicola Bulley, 45, who disappeared from her home in St Michael’s on Wyre more than three weeks ago. If there was a prize for how to cock up an investigation at every turn, Lancs Police would win it hands down. They have turned the hunt for Nicola into a circus, blaming their lack of results on everyone from locals to TikTokers to amateur sleuths – all to divert attention from THEIR own bungling. From the start they decided Nicola had fallen into the river near her home. They said their minds were open to other scenarios but they weren’t, which is why they’ve concentrated their search for her on a particular stretch of river having been told time and time again by experts she isn’t there. And because they did that, vital evidence elsewhere may have been compromised. Their press conferences have been chaotic and spasmodic. They have treated the media as the enemy. In times gone by the media has been given sensitive details in confidence, which would never be reported, but would inform their reporting to help find whoever’s missing. That didn’t happen with Lancs police. Worse, Nicola’s family and her partner Paul Ansell have complained they haven’t been kept informed either. From the start officers have hidden information that should have been made public weeks ago. It wasn’t until this week – three weeks after she went missing – that police announced she was a high-risk, vulnerable person. Until now, they’ve described her as an ordinary, everyday mum who may have been the victim of a tragic accident. In fact, they were asked at the start of February by the media if Nicola suffered from depression and any underlying conditions. The answer was negative. Then came the bombshell – not only was she vulnerable and high-risk, she also had problems with alcohol and the menopause. Talk about bloody judgemental. How dare they release this highly personal, sensitive information. The fact Nicola is vulnerable IS important and should have been released at the start. It might have sent the search in a totally different direction. But how in God’s name does knowing she had problems with HRT and alcohol help find her? And if they really believe it will – why are we just hearing about it now? This is a gross and clumsy invasion of Nicola’s privacy and so staggeringly insensitive that Home Secretary Suella Braverman has demanded an explanation as to why it happened – an explanation we’re told she’s had and isn’t entirely happy with. Then came the second bombshell – that police were called to Nicola’s 17 days before she disappeared because there was concern for her welfare. Why are we just hearing about that now? Police have criticised the public for wild conspiracy theories but who can blame them when the cops are releasing this kind of lurid information which, whether they meant it to or not, makes it sound like because of her drink and drugs problems Nicola may have jumped or fallen into the river. That's why, when this is over, heads must roll. And while I can rail about police incompetence, about the fact that policing today isn’t what it was, never forget at the heart of all this bungling is a family in agony. Imagine their pain, their horror, their confusion. Imagine their frustration at what they must see as missed chances to find Nicola. First they’re led to believe she’d slipped into the river, now they’re being told that may not be the case. And so these broken people have taken matters in their own hands and are publicly begging Nicola to come home. I just pray to God she hears them! Finally the dream of Scottish Independence is dead – abandoned by the woman who in eight years didn’t come close to delivering it. And in her sickeningly, self-serving resignation speech this week, in which she tried to say she was stepping down because she was “tired,” Nicola Sturgeon – this woman we are told isa fantastically powerful politician – literally ditched the country she says she loves, leaving it in a much worse state than when she found it. How the hell did she get away with such blinding incompetence for so long? How could such an incredible country literally crumble on her watch yet she was still revered by many as a god? I’m glad she’s gone because in her rabid obsession for independence she seemed to delight in driving a great big wedge between England and Scotland. She created division and grievance by forever banging on that Scotland was being ignored, overruled, bullied and badly treated by ministers in Westminster. She tried to shift blame for her failures in Scotland – and they were legion – onto Westminster. Everything was always England’s fault – never hers. Even in that speech she still tried to feed Scottish people the lie that independence is just around the corner. No, it isn’t. Because if it was she wouldn’t be going. She’d stay and take credit for it. No, Sturgeon’s going because she knows independence is dead in the water – for the next few years at least. The latest polls say 44 per cent want to leave the UK, 56 per cent want to stay – exactly the same ratio as in the 2014 referendum. So in the eight years she’s been First Minister, she’s achieved nothing. In fact the fight for Indy is going backwards and Sturgeon knew it. She also knew her Gender Recognition Reform Bill was in the toilet largely because she’d lost every ounce of credibility by saying that a double trans rapist was a woman. Nicola Sturgeon jumped before she was pushed and everyone trying to burnish or exaggerate her legacy by saying what a fantastic politician she was needs to remember she failed in everything she set out to do. Woke Warriors now want to ban the word fitness as they say it discriminates against the disabled. Are these numpties seriously saying a disabled person can’t be fit. Tell that to all the supremely fit and so-called “disabled” athletes – the swimmers, the canoeists, the cyclists. Tell it to those who play cricket, ice hockey, powerchair football. The Wokies pretend their aim is to protect the sensitivities of disabled people yet this kind of nonsense just insults and patronises them! A world of celebrity women turned up at Vivienne Westwood’s memorial service this week to pay homage to fashion’s Grand Dame. And they were all channelling Vivienne Westwood. Posh was there, as was Kate Moss, Paloma Faith, even Bianca Jagger. But the woman who best personifies the Queen of Punk was Helena Bonham Carter. She’s always worn Westwood’s clothes with flair, flamboyance and a “stick two fingers up at the world” attitude which Dame Viv would have loved. Westwood once said: “The only reason I’m in fashion is to destroy the word ‘conformity’”. She and Helena have done that with knobs on!