Thursday's Good Morning Britain discussed whether the Crown Jewels should be returned to their geographical origins ahead of the coronation this year. GB News' Emma Webb argued they should remain in the UK, while broadcaster Narinder Kaur pointed out that items had been "stolen" from India and should be returned. As the two women disagreed they began to shout over each other as the conversation heated up, and Ed Balls was forced to intervene. "You've got no right - it's stolen goods!" Narinder cut in as Ed began to give his view. "Hang on, I'm about to support you so give me a second," he responded. Turning to Emma, the host argued: "In this case, the diamond is not going to be in the crown! "It's not even going to be on display at the coronation!" READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' Emma continued to suggest there was no need to return anything to where it had been taken from. Later, Narinda fumed: "The coloniser is Britain, and actually, it's dehumanising Indians around the world because of the history of colonisation!" As the presenters tried to allow Emma a chance to speak, Narinda continued to address her points. "Go on Emma," Ed commented and the guest began: "Narinda, the ruler that you mentioned was also a ruler of Lahore, so is Pakistan going to have it?"  "Because they stole it!" Narinda shouted, to which Emma added: "They took it..." "No, you do not know history!" the guest continued to cut in. "Narinda!" Emma yelled, but the angered guest commented: "End of - end argument is that-" "Let me finish my point, please Narinda!" Emma argued. DON'T MISS... GMB host forced to step in as fiery row breaks out over Crown Jewels [LATEST]EastEnders' Linda Carter faces huge decision over future of iconic pub [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [VIDEO] "Alright, alright," Ed cut in, trying to calm things down between the two guests. Eventually, Emma yelled: "Let me finish!" as the debate took a heated turn. The pair continued to go around in circles and talk over each other. "They stole it from the Persian Empire, the Persian Empire invaded the Mughal Empire..." Emma fumed. "No!" Narinda interrupted once again. "You don't know your history." As Ed chuckled at the chaotic debate, Narinda continued to argue with Emma. "It represents colonisation and bloodshed. Give it back to India, "I don't see why an Indian child from India should have to travel all the way to the UK to look at it!" Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.