Carley Stenson broke down in tears after she was eliminated from Sunday's Dancing on Ice. The former soap star landed in the bottom two and had to face the skate-off alongside The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran. However, the judges decided to vote for Siva, meaning Carley was sent packing. Speaking to Carley and her partner Mark Hanretty, Holly Willoughby asked: “It’s been a tough week for both of you hasn’t it?” Referencing Mark falling ill which resulted in him missing most of their training sessions, Carley replied: “Yeah, it just got harder.” The soap star broke down in tears as Mark explained: “But more than skating, what’s more valuable than being good at skating on Dancing on Ice is being a good human." As she choked back tears, Carley added: “I’m going to miss this man.” READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis Holly said the star looked like she loved every moment of her journey on the show. The 40-year-old replied: “I did, it doesn’t look like it but I did! “I’ve really enjoyed it, this is all a bit of a blur right now but yeah I’ve really enjoyed it, thank you so much, I’ve had a great time.” Phillip Schofield praised the Hollyoaks actress, explaining the show loved having her as part of the line-up. Taking to the ice one final time, the camera panned to Carley’s husband Danny Mac who stood up applauding his wife. Following Carley's elimination, fans took to social media in droves to slam the judges' decision. While some branded it a "fix" others felt the show was "sexist". "What a b****y fix that is, Carley was clearly better, #DOI is so PC these days and the judges are not fit for purpose #DancingOnIce. May not watch next week as my trust for #DancingOnIce is diminishing like mad," Twitter user @PaulJohnLeadbe1 complained. DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS] James Roberts raged: "Oh wow that’s definitely the biggest shock elimination of the whole series of #DancingOnIce I genuinely thought Carley would have broken the all-male winner streak since 2018. "Guess the trophy is Nile or Joey’s then!!! This show is so sexist it’s ridiculous." (sic) Luke went on to say: "Carly was robbed idc. sexist show #DancingOnIce." (sic) While @Henry92589880 fumed: "How did Siva not get sent home against Carley like what! I wasn’t expecting this week's vote off." "I have to disagree with the judge's decisions on this one! I feel like Carley is generally the better skater than Siva," Hayley tweeted. "Sack the b****y judges," @NickWestbyNew said. "Carly is more assured, technically, better, and far more adventurous. Ridiculous." However, Jemima Jane went on to point out: "You can’t win. People moaned to high heaven that the judges favourited Carley. They didn’t skate their best, and in the skate-off Siva was better. Now people are moaning she’s been sent home." (sic) Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.25pm on ITV. 