Most airlines charge fees for passengers who arrive with suitcases that exceed the specified luggage weight allowance, however, there are some clever ways to avoid paying these fees. Katie Keever is a life, style and home blogger who shares hacks and insights on Instagram, TikTok and her namesake blog Keep up with Katie Keever. For holidaymakers who have a tendency to overpack, Katie says she has a handy tip which will "save you" at the airport. In a video shared on her TikTok page @katieekeever, she explained: "[I am] sharing a super easy travel hack that will save you if you're anything like me and your luggage is overweight." She continued: "Always pack a collapsable tote in your checked luggage. This will save you." Katie holds up a structured bag made from soft fabric which means it can be folded down flat. This can then be slipped into your suitcase and barely takes up any space. "If your luggage is overweight, take this out, throw your purse in it and now you have a new personal item," she said. READ MORE:Expats urged to watch out for 'additional fee' before moving abroad "It's extremely lightweight so it's not going to weigh your bag down. Throw in your purse and any weighted items from your checked bag like hair tools, heavy shoes, etcetera. Katie added: "This tote is actually from Amazon. It is super convenient, affordable and it's a pretty bag - I love the details on it." The bag which Katie uses costs £25.48 from Amazon. However, if you do intend on using this hack, it's important to pay attention to how many personal items you are allowed. Most airlines set out a specific amount of hand luggage, with some also listing specific measurements and weight restrictions for these bags to abide by. Before purchasing a collapsible tote, make sure it is no larger than the personal item size your airline allows. DON'T MISSCruise guests share 'essential' items to 'look your best' onboard [COMMENT]‘Wonderful’ Spanish city named Europe’s most romantic destination [INSIGHT]The incredible British destinations that look like overseas [PICTURES] Bags aren't the only hidden luggage items which can save you from excess baggage fees. Former flight attendant Kat Kamalani also recommends using a pillowcase in the same way. In a video shared on her TikTok page, she said: "This tiny hack will save you if you ever have baggage that is overweight while travelling." She continued: "You will always want to carry a pillowcase in your bag because if your bags are overweight you can stuff your pillowcase full of clothes and use it as a pillow on the aircraft. This is seriously a game changer to avoid those fees for overweight bags." easyJet: All passengers are allowed to bring one piece of hand luggage as a carry-on item. There is no limit on the weight of this item but it must fit the measurements 45cm x 36cm x 20cm including handles and wheels. The bags are also required to fit under the seat in front of you. Customers who have booked Up Front or Extra Legroom seats can bring an additional large cabin bag at a maximum size of 56cm x 45cm x 25cm. The cost for checked baggage can range from £6.99 to £45 depending on the size and when you purchase it. Ryanair: Only priority boarding passengers are permitted to take one small bag measuring 40cm x 20cm x 25cm, along with a larger cabin bag measuring 55 x 40 x 20cm. Cabin bags can weigh no more than 10kg. Non-priority passengers may only bring a small bag measuring 40cm x 20cm x 25cm. A 10kg bag can be added for a fee. Adding a checked bag to your flight is possible though can cost between. £25 and £50. British Airways: All customers are permitted to carry one piece of hand luggage and one small item, such as a handbag or laptop, on board. Hand luggage must not exceed 56cm x 45cm x 25cm and the small item must be no bigger than 40cm x 30cm x 15cm. Both items can weigh up to 23kg each. Passengers on certain flights will get on or two pieces of checked luggage free depending on their ticket type and route. Other checked baggage can be added on for between £20 and £65 depending on the route and ticket type. Virgin Atlantic: Customers are permitted to bring hand luggage on board. The size, weight and number of items will vary depending on your ticket type. The number of hold luggage items allowed will vary depending on the cabin and ticket type. Jet2: Jet2 passengers are permitted to carry one piece of hand baggage on board their flight. A maximum weight of 10kg applies and it must be no bigger than 56 x 45 x 25cm. The bag will be checked as hold luggage if it weighs more than 10kg. Hold luggage can be purchased for a cost of £8 to £45 depending on route and booking.