Emmerdale fans have watched helplessly in recent weeks as fan favourite Paddy Dingle (played by Dominic Brunt) has struggled with deepening depression. Ever since discovering his estranged wife Chas (Lucy Pargeter) had an affair with the late Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) his mental health has slowly deteriorated. His storyline culminates in the coming weeks as he contemplates suicide. The shocking scenes, set to air next month, opens the door for a landmark moment in the soap. For the first time in its 50 year history, it will broadcast an episode featuring only the male actors. When Marlon (Mark Charnock) makes the horrifying discovery his beloved friend tried to kill himself he sets up a late-night lock-in at the Emmerdale Woolpack. Unlike most pub lock ins this is not a boozy session and there is only one thing on the agenda - men talking to each other. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness This storyline has been a slow burner as Paddy has gradually descended to the depths of despair over the past several months culminating in the upcoming shocking scenes. After bringing him safely home, Marlon wants to do anything he can to help his friend, whose mental health remains fragile. Marlon actor Charnock explained: ”Despite Paddy being home and safe back in the heart of the village Marlon is finding it hard to get through to him and is worried Paddy will never find the courage to open up and talk. “When Chas and Jimmy both unwittingly give Marlon this idea it’s not long before Marlon is acting on their information and setting up this lock-in. He just hopes it will help.” Statistics show that in the UK today 3 in every 4 suicides are men. Emmerdale have worked closely with Samaritans and male suicide prevention charity Andy’s Man Club on this hard-hitting storyline. It is not the first time the long running soap has tackled a controversial topic. In December they dealt with the difficult subject of euthanasia when Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) ended her own life rather than let her terminal cancer kill her. In real life Dominic, who has played Paddy for 26-years, has a far happier life than his on-screen persona. He is married to Emmerdale co-star Joanne Mitchell and they have two sons. He is also an accomplished director and in 2012 directed and starred in a zombie film called Before Dawn followed by directing Bait in 2014 and Attack of the Adult Babies in 2017 His most recent foray into directing was the film was last year’s Wolf Manor. Emmerdale airs at 7.30PM, weeknights on ITV1. The men only episode will air on Friday 10th March.