Chelsea icon Pat Nevin has urged the club to 'stick it out' under Graham Potter amid a disastrous maiden season as head coach. Potter is under increasing pressure as the poor results keep coming, most recently Saturday's 1-0 defeat to Southampton at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have won just two of their last 14, losing eight, and are slumped 10th in the Premier League, 11 points off the top four. Potter's best hope of maintaining the Blues' Champions League status is likely by winning this season's competition, but Borussia Dortmund will take a 1-0 advantage into next month's second leg. His criticism has been intensified by Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital's frantic expenditure, splashing over £600million in two transfer windows since buying Chelsea from Roman Abramovich last year. But Nevin believes there are two underlying reasons why the Londoners can be positive about their recent woes. In his Daily Mail column, Nevin picked out two reasons why Chelsea should maintain faith in Potter to turn their fortunes around. He wrote: "I try to look for underlying positives and negatives. One positive is that only Newcastle have shipped fewer goals than Chelsea this season. JUST IN: Marcus Rashford comments speaks volumes as Man Utd star fires warning  "And Chelsea are not a dull defensive team. They're playing inventive football, as good as I've seen them play for a while. "For 35 minutes against Borussia Dortmund, they were really, really special. And if they're not giving much away, they don't need to change a huge amount. It feels really close. "If Potter is your perfect candidate, a coach who builds over time while moulding young players, and if you believe in what you're doing, you have to be ballsy and see it out." Nevin also recalled the barren runs of form Arsenal endured in the early stages of Mikel Arteta's tenure before becoming Premier League title challengers this season. DON'T MISS Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute flightGraeme Souness shakes his head amid Hasselbaink clash over Man UtdArsenal deal for Vitor Roque in jeopardy amid Barcelona 'talks' "Remember what Mikel Arteta went through with Arsenal. People said it wasn't working. It was dreadful," Nevin explained. "People also forget Pep Guardiola was battered at Manchester City. It takes a while. You don't turn around a supertanker in a bath." Reports suggest Potter still has the full backing of Chelsea's board ahead of a crunch trip to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. The Blues then host Leeds United before Dortmund visit Stamford Bridge in their Champions League last-16 second leg. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here