Manchester United duo Marcus Rashford and Casemiro have been told by Red Devils legend Andy Cole that they would not have earned a place in the club’s 1999 treble-winning side. The comments echo those that Virgil van Dijk made about Jamie Carragher when asked if he would get in the current Liverpool side, a remark that the Reds icon has recently used against him. Rashford and Casemiro have been central to everything that Erik ten Hag’s side have achieved this season with the Red Devils still competing on four fronts. The Englishman is in the form of his life in front of goal netting 16 in the 17 matches since the World Cup while the former Real Madrid man has been a transformational presence in central midfield, an area that has long been a problem for the team. Naturally, this has led to the duo being compared to some of the club's greatest-ever players as fans debate whether or not they would lineup in the most successful starting elevens of yesteryear. Now, Cole has offered his opinion suggesting that neither player would get into the XI for the treble winning 1999 squad. The 51-year-old was part of the team that won the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup and insisted that the duo still have some way to go before they reach the same level. READ MORE: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment “Marcus Rashford on current form would not make it into the treble starting XI and maybe the bench,” Cole told Best Sports Betting Canada. “In front of Ryan Giggs or David Beckham? Even in this sparkling form, unfortunately not. If you took out Giggs or Beckham, then Rashford would probably get into the team, but our team had so much quality. Rashford would definitely not make it into the treble team. “Casemiro would not make it in front of Roy Keane, Paul Scholes or Nicky Butt. Casemiro is a fantastic player, but would I play him in front of Keane or Scholes? No. He would make the bench. He’s made a massive improvement to Manchester United since he’s joined and I really like the player.” DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat Cole’s comments echo those made by Van Dijk towards Carragher in November last year. The Dutch defender suggested the Reds legend would only be found in the stands if he was part of the current Liverpool squad. His words appear to still hit a nerve with the pundit after he alluded to them following Jurgen Klopp’s side’s 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid on Tuesday. “We keep looking for reasons and excuses but no, it's nowhere near good enough,” he told CBS Sports. “Virgil van Dijk said I wouldn't get in that back four a few months ago. I think I'd take his place at the moment.” Rashford and Casemiro can use the next week to help change Cole’s opinion with crunch clashes against Barcelona and then Newcastle United on the way.