Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher has been proven right after owner John Henry announced the club was not for sale. The former defender thought that might be the case despite reports to the contrary earlier this season. It was reported in November that Fenway Sports Group were willing to sell Liverpool. A statement confirmed they were open to new investment. However, Henry has now revealed a full sale will not be happening. FSG are seeking new investors but there will not be a takeover of the Merseyside club. In December, Carragher made it clear he felt that would be the outcome. He said Liverpool were in need of a major spend this summer but felt FSG needed help from elsewhere in order to provide Jurgen Klopp with the funds he needed. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter this week  Speaking two months ago, Carragher said on Sky Sports: "It’s interesting whether it’s a sale or an investment. I think there’s no doubt that Jurgen Klopp has said to Liverpool’s owners ‘I need £200m-£250m to spend in the summer’. "That sounds like an outrageous figure but that’s what Manchester United and Chelsea spent last summer. So these are the figures that the teams Liverpool are competing with are spending. "I think probably once in Jurgen Klopp’s tenure have Liverpool really gone for it in the transfer market, I think it was just after the first Champions League final game, they bought a lot of players. "And I think it needs that now, I think we’re talking about that type of investment. I don’t think FSG have those funds right now and that’s why they’re looking at investment to come in to help them." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has found new undroppable just in time for Barcelona rematchMan Utd star Garnacho 'agrees new contract' as salary plan confirmedLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight  Henry gave a rare interview to the Boston Sports Journal this week. And the American proved Carragher right in confirming FSG were not interested in a sale yet but have spoken to investors about a financial injection. Henry said: "I know there has been a lot of conversation and quotes about LFC (Liverpool Football Club), but I keep to the facts: we merely formalized an ongoing process. "Will we be in England forever? No. Are we selling LFC? No. Are we talking with investors about LFC? Yes. Will something happen there? I believe so, but it won't be a sale. Have we sold anything in the past 20+ years?"  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here