Lewis Hamilton and Alex Albon are among six drivers scrambling to secure their F1 future in 2023. The Mercedes star’s current deal expires at the end of the year meaning he could play a role in F1 ‘silly season’. Hamilton is expected to stay at Mercedes with an upgraded deal but the movements of the other five could determine F1’s 2024 grid. The seven-time world champion has reiterated his desire to remain in the sport with Mercedes. He recently confirmed a new contract would be a “multi-year” deal which would likely keep him in the team until the end of 2025. Last season, team boss Toto Wolff previously suggested talks would be finalised over the winter. However, Hamilton has recently disclosed negotiations had not yet begun, raising fears that the deal has stalled. The new agreement is likely to be Hamilton’s final driving contract in F1 so the Briton will be pushing for a bumper pay desk. But, he has stressed he would like to stay at Mercedes for the long-term so details of his post-F1 life as an ambassador could well feature in the discussions. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'hungrier' in F1 warning to rivals ahead of car launch The former Red Bull driver joined Williams ahead of last season after a year on the sidelines. He impressed last season with three points finishes while regularly beating team-mate Nicholas Latifi. His task will be harder in 2023 alongside highly-rated youngster Logan Sargeant but the team seems keen to keep the Thai driver on board. Former team boss Jost Capito stressed Williams planned to work with Albon “on a long-term basis”. But he is no longer at the helm, meaning a future is not yet secure. Magnussen was airlifted into the team after the sacking of Mikita Mazepin on the eve of the 2022 season. However, the Dane was one of the stars of the season after securing a shock pole for Haas in Brazil. Team boss Guenther Steiner has claimed the team wanted to have “experience” behind the wheel as they target a move into the midfield, making Magnussen a perfect candidate to sign a new deal. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton contract update will leave fans sweating [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton gives retirement plan with three things on list [ANALYSIS]Mercedes respond after enormous Lewis Hamilton contract claims emerged [COMMENT] The Japanese star admitted he was “surprised” at securing a contract extension in 2021 after accepting he suffered a lot of crashes. However, the youngster’s second season in F1 has yielded fewer points than his first as he struggled to get to grips with the team's package. Tsunoda will also likely struggle against Nyck de Vries who makes his full-time race debut in 2023. The Chinese driver failed to beat experienced team-mate Valtteri Bottas last season but is likely to improve for his second season. Alfa Romeo offered him a one-year extension for 2023 back in September where Zhou accepted there was “pressure” on him to perform. However, he backed himself to handle the heat and to secure a new deal by the end of the year. He said: “I'm always trying to push myself, and I think like this year and I'm able to do the job, why not have more [years] in the future." The F2 star was announced as Williams' second driver for 2023 before he could even drive the car. The 22-year-old needed to finish at least P4 in the F2 championship to qualify for the 40 super licence points needed to be on the grid. Sargeant has become the first full-time American F1 driver since Alexander Rossi back in 2015.