While living costs remain high, Britons are being urged to check they’re claiming all of the financial support they’re entitled to. One group missing out are unpaid carers, who could be given an income boost worth thousands through the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) Carer’s Allowance, if eligible. Louise Yasities, elderly care expert at TakingCare Personal Alarms said: "It can be so challenging for carers who may be looking after an elderly parent or relative, especially during the current cost of living crisis where many are trying to juggle their finances. Ms Yasities continued: "It’s vital that unpaid carers take care of their own wellbeing and seek emotional and financial support where required to help alleviate some of the stresses that come with caring for an elderly loved one, and seeking the right level of support is an important place to start.” People who provide at least 35 hours of care for a person, per week, could currently be paid up to £3,624 a year through Carer’s Allowance - and this rate is expected to rise by 10.1 percent in April. But according to the House of Commons Library Family Resources Survey, around six percent of the UK population (around 4.2 million people) are providing this care ‘informally’, which means they aren’t being paid for it. READ MORE: State pension boost may be available for Britons aged 45 to 70  With inflation rates resting at a significant 10.1 percent in the year to January 2023 and adding significant pressure to household finances, it could be worth people checking if they’d benefit from Carer’s Allowance. Claimants must be 16 or over and spend at least 35 hours a week caring for someone. This help can include: DON'T MISS: Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]Universal Credit payment dates may change over Easter holidays [INSIGHT]Thousands of Universal Credit claimants could see payments cut [EXPLAINED]    The person being cared for must also receive the following means-tested benefits: The claimant must have been in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years, must not be in full-time education, and cannot be studying for 21 hours a week or more. They have to also be living in England, Scotland or Wales and earn £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance, and expenses. READ MORE: Broadband warning as customers may face penalties when switching  The Government website lists expenses to include: Claimants can also be eligible if they live abroad as a member of the armed forces, or are already in or moving to an EEA country or Switzerland. It should be noted that this is a taxable payment and can affect other benefits claimants might already be receiving. How might claiming Carer’s Allowance impact the person being cared for? When a person receives Carer’s Allowance, the person they care for will usually stop receiving the severe disability premium paid with their benefits, as well as the extra amount for severe disability paid with pension credit. It may also stop them from getting reduced council tax. To check the impact that Carer’s Allowance might have on the severe disability payment, claimants are advised to contact whoever pays this benefit, which is usually the person’s local council, Jobcentre Plus, the Pension Service Helpline, or Universal Credit.  Carer’s Allowance is one of the many benefits to see the uplift, equivalent to September 2022’s inflation rate of 10.1 percent. This uplift will see Carer’s Allowance increase from £69.70 a week to £76.75 a week. This would amount to £3,991 a year, which could be equivalent to around £332 a month. People can choose whether they’d like to be paid weekly or monthly and funds are paid directly into the person’s specified account. If people think they are eligible to claim, they can start an application on the Government website here, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. 