Newcastle United plan to provide Bruno Guimaraes with the perfect partner in crime this summer as Eddie Howe shifts his project on Tyneside up a gear. There could be another busy transfer window ahead when the Magpies will hope they are preparing for a return to European football. Newcastle signed Guimaraes last January in a deal worth around £42m, and he has helped revolutionise the side Howe inherited from Steve Bruce. But the Brazilian was sorely missed in Saturday's 1-1 draw with West Ham United at St. James' Park as he served the first game of a three-game suspension. Newcastle will attempt to bolster their midfield further at the end of the season, with Sporting Lisbon's Manuel Ugarte in Howe's sights. According to Record, Newcastle have already approached the Portuguese giants after Ugarte caught their eye this season. Sporting are unwilling to offload the 21-year-old amid manager Ruben Amorim's desire to maintain the core of his squad together for next term. JUST IN: Second throat grab in Manchester United vs Crystal Palace melee missed  But he has a £54m release clause in his contract, and a move would be down to him if Newcastle or another suitor triggered it. Sporting want to 'armour' Ugarte by renewing his contract until 2026 or 2027 with a pay rise, but the club want to increase his release clause to £72m, and he isn't ready to sign unless it remains the same. Ugarte is a defensive midfielder, which would allow Guimaraes to fulfil a more attacking role rather than using his versatility to operate further back. The 25-year-old has previously confirmed he prefers a role with more freedom, which Ugarte would undoubtedly provide. DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'resigned' to fate after Wolves defeatMan Utd stance on appealing Casemiro red card comes to lightMan Utd stars 'make feelings clear' on Mason Greenwood returning He told Globo Esporte: "If I have to choose, I prefer to be a 'segundo volonte' [box-to-box]. It was the role I played at Athletico Paranaense and Lyon. "But I can also play as the most defensive midfielder. Versatility is a big plus, especially if there are only 23 players in the squad. "Playing more than one position is very important. I prefer to play as a 'segundo volonte', but I can play as a number ten and a holding midfielder. "But the player who performs more than one function in modern football is always a little step ahead; more complete." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here