In most homes, radiators are plain white and really not that interesting. But, it’s surprising just what a huge effect painting a radiator a different colour can have on a room. That’s why learning how to paint a radiator can help households to completely transform their living space, even for those who are on a tight budget. The experts at Checkatrade said: “Most radiators take up a sizeable amount of the wall space in a room, as such a little colour can go a long way to enhancing the aesthetics of any home. You can even make the radiator a stunning, unique feature." Households should start by gathering all the tools and materials they will need for the project. This will prevent any urgent dashes to the DIY store after they've started painting. The below tools and materials will be needed to ‘successfully” paint a radiator: Before anything else, households should ensure that the radiator is turned off and has fully cooled down. It may be worth ensuring that no thermostatic timers will activate, and that the radiator won’t become hot whilst painting. The pros warned: “While you’re unlikely to get burned, it may damage paint that hasn’t fully dried.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my oven racks Once the radiator has been turned off and has cooled down, place a dust sheet around the bottom of the radiator to collect any paint drips and protect the surrounding floor area. Secure it in place with masking tape. Next, clean the radiator using soapy water and a cloth to remove any dirt and grease. Allow the radiator to fully dry before continuing. Once dry, use sandpaper to rub down your radiator, creating a smooth surface for painting. Frustratingly, some radiators may become rusty over time. This often happens when the paint is chipped and moisture sets in. DON'T MISS‘Essential’ factor for orchids to produce ‘beautiful blooms’ [EXPERT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS]Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [INSIGHT] The experts said: “Don’t feel disheartened, it is possible to bring your radiator back to life and in turn revitalise the room.” For more substantial rust spots households will need aggressive sandpaper or a metal scraper to achieve a flat surface. The pros noted that all rust needs to be removed before continuing for the “best results”. After, use a dry cloth or even a vacuum cleaner to remove any dust particles completely. The experts said: “Getting dust into your paint mix will give the radiator a rough feel and an uneven finish.” Ensure that the paint container is placed on a steady surface to prevent spills, ideally on a mat to protect the flooring. Follow the paint manufacturer’s instructions with regard to mixing paint prior to use. READ MORE: ‘Easiest’ steps for a ‘even finish’ when painting behind radiators Begin applying the paint initially to the fiddly and tricky parts of the radiator. The DIY pros advised: “Start at the top and then move to the bottom. Finally, fill in the main body of the radiator, again painting from top to bottom. “Try to move the brush in a single motion to avoid any lumps and bumps from forming. Once dried, consider a second coat, if necessary.” The experts have also shared how households can paint radiator covers to avoid any “lumps and bumps”. Radiator covers are a great option to hide unsightly radiators. In addition, they can protect small children and animals from being injured when coming into contact with hot radiators. Firstly, ensure any areas nearby are adequately covered up with dust sheets and/or masking tape as you would when painting the radiator. Next, sand down the cover to remove any old paint and create a “flawless surface” for painting. The pros recommended using a quality gloss paint, varnish or stain like with other fittings, such as doors. The experts instructed: “Start using a small amount first until you know how easily it applies. “Paint around the openings and edges initially, and then the front top to bottom sections on the main area of the radiator. Paint quickly to avoid lumps and bumps which form if the paint dries too quickly.”