Princess Mary was seen yesterday, February 20, at the Ministry of Education and Research's Elite Research Awards. The royal presented some of the awards during the ceremony. Mary looked elegant in a black and white ensemble. To arrive at the event, she wore a black Prada coat she has donned many times in the past. After taking this off once inside, Mary showed off her monochrome look. She donned a long-sleeved black blouse with a Peter Pan collar adorned with rhinestones. This was the Rhinestone Embroidered Crepe Envers Satin Top by Red Valentino. Currently on sale for £208 on Red Valentino's website, the top has slightly puffed out sleeves and narrow cuffs. Mary had tucked it into her black and white midi skirt, which was adorned with buttons. This was the Dolce and Gabbana High Rise Wool Tweed Midi Skirt. The royal has worn it once before - in November last year. It is a tartan skirt which is described on the fashion website Editorialist as: "The decorative buttons at the front of Dolce and Gabbana's white midi skirt display regal-inspired sophistication. "It's knitted in Italy from wool tweed to an A-line silhouette with a high-rise waist and frayed edges. "Wear it with a pussy-bow blouse and leather pumps to channel classic Italian glamour." Mary combined the skirt and blouse combo with a pair of black sheer tights and Jimmy Choo heels. Her shoes were the "Romy 100" Black Suede Pumps. They were elegant and pointy, with a slim heel. Mary also carried a simple leather clutch bag from Danish brand Quidam Bags. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Royal fans were quick to comment on Mary's look and were clearly impressed by her outfit choice. Instagram user Isabel Quintana wrote: "A wonderful repeat outfit. This is so classic and chic. "She always gets the styling right from head to toe. It is always a full cohesive presentation if that makes sense. And she consistently knows the assignment of the event she's attending. "She looks modern yet classic. She has an air of effortless elegance to her that makes it clear that she is wearing the outfit and not that the outfit is wearing her." Instagram user @luxmeagainpreloved wrote: "This beautiful lady is always a style favourite in addition to her work and commitment. I can’t put my finger on her style - it’s chic, stylish, classic, demure, and ladylike without being prudish. "She looks amazing in a pantsuit and her evening wear is always gorgeous. This is almost 100 percent repeat so she got the memo." User @dimasajic added: "Great repeat. I usually can’t find the words to emphasising her style and personality. "Many people have already said the compliments better then I would. I would just emphasise what someone have already said, she consistently knows the assignment of the event she’s attending. And she never try deliberately to overshadow other participants. Inherently graceful lady."