The Brit Awards 2023 is back and for the first time ever, it is being held on a Saturday night. Mo Gilligan has taken the reins as host following Jack Whitehall's presenting stint last year. Throughout the night, a string of famous faces will be gracing the stage to perform including Sam Smith, Lizzo and Lewis Capaldi. However, just minutes into the show, ITV viewers took to social media to complain. Many blasted the format shake-up, while others admitted to not knowing any of the artists that had been nominated. After Harry Styles had opened the show, Mo began: "What a way to kick off the show... Harry Styles, everybody show him some love, please. "Hello, and welcome to The Brit Awards 2023 in association with Mastercard. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ "We're live from the o2 in London and for the first time ever, we're on a Saturday night. "The tables are back in full effect and you never know we're in South London so we might end up in a chicken shop." He continued: "Listen, tonight we have performances from some exceptional musicians. "We've got David Guetta, we have Lewis Capaldi, we have Wet Leg and we have an exceptional performance from Sam Smith." However, taking to Twitter to air their frustrations about the format, Amy wrote: "Felt out of touch with this show for so many years yet still keep watching it for some reason. Just waiting for the controversial bits I think. Being on a Saturday night hasn't made it any better either." "So cringe #BRITs," @MrVicks complained as Megan asked: "What's going on? It's a Saturday #BRITs." "God the Brit Awards is dire this year," user @Gazray shared. While Stevie Essex added: "Bad move by ITV moving the woke fest Brit awards to prime time Saturday night as if us the British public have not suffered enough these last few years." (sic) DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REACTION]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity  [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's JP Hooper to return as co-star speaks out [EXCLUSIVE] Cerys quizzed: "Since when has the brit awards been on a Saturday??" (sic) Spectrum fumed: "Honestly this Brit Awards nonsense is a huge car crash. It could not be more awkward if they tried, no one knows how to speak in front of an audience and Tom Grennan should be ashamed of that comment. What a mess." Richy B shared: "Brit awards…who are all these artists, never heard of them…I’m old." (sic) While Emma added: "The older I get, the less and less names I recognise on the Brit awards. I feel so ancient.." (sic)  However, despite the criticism, some viewers were loving the show and praised Harry's opening performance. Laura beamed: "HARRY OPENED THE SHOW WITH ‘AS IT WAS’ AHHH IT WAS SO MUCH FUN!!! #BRITs." (sic) Emma said: "What a great opening act! Can’t wait to see Harry Styles live again this year." The BRIT Awards is available to watch on the ITV Hub.