NCIS Los Angeles was the first spin-off to come out after the success of the original NCIS drama on CBS. The police procedural has had a loyal fanbase for 14 years, but the time has come to say goodbye to the team of beloved agents as the show has been axed. Nevertheless, the cast must look to the future, with some already revealing what they've got in the pipeline. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.Agent Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) appeared as a recurring character during the first season of NCIS Los Angeles before joining the main cast in series two. Over the years, he has become a fan-favourite among viewers who have loved his sweet, funny nature as well as his blossoming romance with Agent Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah). The colleagues got married in season 10 and started fostering refugee Rosa Reyes (Natalia Del Riego) in season 13, so it's been lovely to see their story develop over the years. However, it is the beginning of the end as last month, CBS revealed that NCIS Los Angeles would conclude for good after season 14. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ While NCIS LA's final series is in the middle of a hiatus, the cast have started talking about their futures away from the show. Among those is Deeks star Eric Christian Olsen who has been revealed as an executive producer on the upcoming reboot of the 1980s legal drama Matlock. The original drama starring Andy Griffith in the lead role as Matlock, ran for nine seasons, first on NBC and later on ABC. In the new series, the main star will be renamed Madeline Matlock and portrayed by Misery actress Kathy Bates. The 74-year-old will also work as executive producer alongside Jennie Snyder Urman, Joanna Klein and NCIS LA's Olsen. Taking to Instagram to share the news, he wrote: "So overwhelmed with excitement to be partnering with these creative superstars. "Jennie, Joanna, Sierra, Bethany, Kathy, Kat, Anna, Meagen, John, our partners at @cbstvstudios and @cbstv LFG!!!!" Fans of the 45-year-old's work were equally thrilled to see what he will be working on next. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REPLACEMENT]NCIS' Gibbs return 'sealed' as long-serving co-star  [THEORY]NCIS LA's LL Cool J hints at Sam Hanna return after series axe [CAST] @Kmacc48 commented: "Can’t tell you how proud and excited I am for you in this new venture. "As sad as I am that NCISLA is finishing, I can’t wait for this next stage." @Johnscottmills agreed: "Congrats buddy. It’s going to be great!" and @Tamis.heroes.ncisla added: "OMG this is HUGE. Congrats to everyone at Cloud Nine. I am really proud of you Eric." Olsen's onscreen wife and sister-in-law Ruah also wrote: "CRUSHING IT! So proud of my brother!" The reboot of Matlock is going to see Madeline Matlock rejoin a prestigious law firm where she uses her "unassuming demeanor and "wily tactics" to win cases and expose corruption. It is one of the first drama pilots to be announced by CBS for the 2023-24 season. The other is Elsbeth, a spin-off of The Good Wife and The Good Fight, starring Carrie Preston as attorney Elsbeth Tascioni. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues on Sunday, February 19, on CBS in the USA.