For golf, read Tiger Woods. For boxing, read Muhammad Ali. For baseball, read Babe Ruth. And for basketball, read Michael Jordan. Athletes who transform a sport are rare, but as the former Chicago Bulls talisman turns 60, his place among the legends of NBA has long been cemented. Six titles, the same number of finals as MVP awards, a string of superb career stats, and two Olympic gold medals to boot, have ensured that. But that doesn't mean that Jordan is universally loved. The Netflix documentary The Last Dance underlined his cut throat approach to success, which often meant confrontation with teammates and rivals. Indeed, the beef between him and fellow icon Charles Barkley continues to rumble on. The pair, once close friends, have not spoken for over a decade. The fallout relates to Barkley's vociferous criticism of Jordan's ownership of the Charlotte Bobcats (now Wizards), who he purchased in 2010 before his work was publicly lamented by TV pundit Barkley two years later. Barkley, himself revered as a player, was duly lambasted by his friend, with Jordan allegedly telling him: "Motherf***er, f*** you, you’re supposed to be my boy'." It was the last interaction they had, with the former Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets star recently claiming he was keen to bury the hatchet. READ NOW: LeBron James 'not happy' as Anthony Davis slammed amid Los Angeles Lakers struggles On the contrary, frosty relations between Jordan and the man many fans believe rival him for the crown of the GOAT of the NBA have seemingly thawed. LeBron James still trails Jordan's total of six NBA titles, having won four with three different franchises. The LA Lakers player now has one record in his possession though, having become the leading scorer in NBA history after scoring his 38,388th career point against Oklahoma City Thunder this month, surpassing Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. And Jordan, who has previously paid tribute to the ability of James, duly sent a respectful message: "Congratulations to LeBron on this incredible achievement," he said. "It’s a testament to his hard work, longevity, and his great skill." DON'T MISS:Ime Udoka 'replaced' as Boston Celtics head coach after league suspensionLeBron James hailed by Tiger Woods as he sends NBA star touching tributeLos Angeles Lakers chief has sly dig at Brooklyn Nets over Kyrie Irving trade failure  Regardless of what he thinks of present and former players, Jordan's current life is by no means confined to the NBA. He continues to own the Hornets, although as of yet has achieved moderate success, with the team having not reached the play-offs since 2016. His famous love of golf still remains, although rumours he had been targeted to sit on the LIV board are yet to come to fruition. And his private life isn't quiet either, having married Cuban-American model Yvette Prieto in 2013, with the couple's identical twin daughters having just turned nine-years-old.