Premier League games will reportedly be shown on a different TV channel from next season following Warner Bros Discovery's buyout of BT Sport. The familiar brand is set to be banished from 2023/24 onwards after the establishment of a new holding company by the American broadcasting giants. Although most Premier League matches in the UK are broadcast by Sky Sports, who have led the division's coverage since its inception in 1992 and will continue to show matches of their own next campaign, BT Sport have also held rights to show matches over the past decade. The branding is set to change, however, after BT Sport was bought out by Warner Bros Discovery in September last year. The American firm has created a new holding company, Warner Bros Discovery Sport, which, according to The Mirror, is set to make the BT Sport brand a thing of the past. Details will reportedly be announced about BT Sport's successor in the near future, with the broadcaster's current deal to show Premier League matches set to run until 2025. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture  A bidding war will then commence, and it remains to be seen whether the new-look company will be as committed to their coverage of English football as they have been over the past decade. In recent years, BT Sport also acquired the rights to show live action from the Champions League, Serie A, Ligue 1, boxing, cricket, WWE and rugby union. The British broadcaster was bought out by Warner Bros Discovery for a whopping £650million last year, with existing BT Sport staff set to leave the current headquarters in Stratford and relocate to new offices in Chiswick, Holborn and other areas of London. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat Warner Bros Discovery also owns Eurosport, who show coverage over two channels in the UK, while BT Sport have five. The buyers are set to merge the two companies together and condense the action into fewer than the seven combined channels currently in operation. BT Sport were part of a major Premier League shake-up back in 2012 as they surprisingly outbid American giants ESPN for Premier League TV rights. It is currently unknown whether supporters will be faced with a subscription price hike from the £29.99-per-month package on offer at present.  BT Sport's punditry team, which includes Robbie Savage, Glenn Hoddle and Steve McManaman, are poised to keep their jobs for the time being as they are tied to the company's Premier League contract which, as mentioned, runs until 2025. Other staff members aren't so lucky, however, as they have supposedly been told to re-apply for their jobs with 50 of 200 facing redundancy. Although a Premier League bidding war is not too far away, the soon-to-be-rebranded broadcaster will continue to show Champions League coverage until at least 2027.