Prince Harry and Meghan Markle need to be seen as "good role models" in order to make more money from their Sussex brand, according to a royal expert. Express.co.uk's royal correspondent Richard Palmer spoke to Pandora Forsyth on this week's Royal Round Up about the couple's next move following defence secretary Ben Wallace's criticism of Harry on LBC on Thursday. Mr Wallace admonished the prince for "boasting" about his kill count during his time serving in Afghanistan, which was published in Harry's memoir Spare. The defence secretary claimed Harry had "let down his comrades", a comment Mr Palmer noted "won't have gone down too well in Montecito". The fallout from Spare continues to dominate headlines surrounding the Sussexes, with the recent South Park episode parodying the couple and their desire for "privacy" adding further fuel to the fire. Mr Palmer said on the Round Up: "How will all of this affect their standing in the US in particular? "Commercially they need to have good brand value and be seen to be good role models to make the money that they need to make. "It all seems to be quite damaging." He also mentioned a poll commissioned by Newsweek on February 19, using data obtained from Redfield & Wilton which found that Harry and Meghan's popularity in the US had plummeted to an "all-time low". READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson issues heartfelt tribute to people of Ukraine Queen Camilla is now more popular in the US than the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, something Mr Palmer described as "astonishing" as the Americans "still really love Diana". He said: "To see Queen Camilla polling marginally better than Harry and Meghan is a sign that the decision to do the Netflix series, but particularly the book, has gone down really badly with the American public." The Newsweek poll showed that Meghan Markle was liked by 27 percent of Americans and disliked by 44 percent, giving her a net rating of -17. DON'T MISS:Meghan & Harry to get 'co-star billing' at Coronation, expert claims [LATEST]Queen's 'dismay' at cuts to Dahl books as she makes plea to authors [REVEAL]Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [SPOTLIGHT] Prince Harry was liked by 32 percent and disliked by 42 percent of those polled, which gave him a net approval rating of -10. Meanwhile Camilla did slightly better, as she was liked by 23 percent and disliked by 23 percent meaning her net approval rating is now on net zero. Harry blasted his stepmother in Spare for "sacrificing" him on the "PR altar" and said that he and William did not want her to marry Charles. He wrote: "In a funny way I even wanted Camilla to be happy. Maybe she'd be less dangerous if she was happy?"