The fatal stabbing of Brianna Ghey in Cheshire has “real echoes” of the murder of 20-year-old Sophie Lancaster 16 years ago, an anti-hate crime activist has said. And Mike Ainsworth believes the senseless tragedy has struck a chord within alternative subcultures - for example Goths - with many taking to social media to point out the obvious similarities. Brianna, 16, died on February 11 after a knife attack in Cultreth Linear Park in Warrington with two teenagers, a boy and girl, both aged 15, subsequently arrested and charged with her murder, with a trial date set for July 10 at Liverpool Crown Court. Cheshire Police initially suggested there was nothing to indicate the killing was a hate crime - but has since confirmed they are now exploring the possibility that it was, in the light of multiple claims that the pupil of Birchwood Community High School had been the victim of transphobic bullying in the past. For Mr Ainsworth, Brianna’s death has uncomfortable parallels with that of Sophie, who was attacked, along with her boyfriend Robert Maltby, 21, in a park in Bacup, Lancashire in August 2007. Both were targeted because they were Goths dressed in alternative clothing, with Sophie dying in hospital 13 days later. In Sophie’s case, five youths were successfully prosecuted, with Ryan Herbert, 16, and Brendan Harris, 15, both receiving life terms for murder and three others, brothers Joseph, 17, and Danny Hulme 15, and Daniel Mallett, 17, receiving shorter sentences for GBH. All have since been released. Mr Ainsworth, a trustee of the Sophie Lancaster Foundation launched by Sophie’s mother Sylvia in her memory, was careful to stress that the investigation into Brianna’s death was still being investigated by police. However, he told Express.co.uk: “There are real echoes of Sophie’s murder - the fact that she was in a park, the fact that it's a young person living her life in way that’s perceived as different, and it's also the way that it sort of echoes out to the wider community.” Although Mr Ainsworth never met Sophie, he said it was obvious she would have been appalled by what had happened to Brianna, explaining: “I think what bears witness to that was the amount of traction on social media that the post which the foundation put out got. “There were a lot of people making that link themselves and feeling that this was an attack on them. “Because that's one of the real differences between hate crime and other crimes, because it echoes across communities in a big way.” One of the key stated aims of the foundation was to challenge prejudice and intolerance towards people from alternative subcultures via group discussions, often in schools, Mr Ainsworth said, acknowledging that such discussions could just as easily focus on attitudes towards sexuality and members of the trans community. He said: “One of the things that you hear with hate crime perpetrators is they can progress at an alarming rate unless that behaviour is stopped “And the irony for me as well is there's a lot of evidence that actually compared to other criminals they are relatively easy to divert from that path.” There was now far less reluctance to report hate crime than there had once been, Mr Ainsworth emphasised. He explained: “Going back to 1993, when the report into the racist murder of Stephen Lawrence was published, we know that about one in six hate crimes were reported to the police. “In other words, five criminal acts where the person was a type because of their race, because of their faith or because of something else were not reported to the police. “By 2015, that figure was one in two, so there was a three-fold increase in trust in policing as a result of what happened.” However, he stressed: “There are a lot of communities that are still lagging behind on that, and I think certainly the trans community and the alternative community might feel somewhat left behind.” Like the police, Mr Ainsworth acknowledged that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death were yet to be established. Nevertheless, he said: “While in general, there is a recognition of the importance of dealing with a crime and flagging it correctly, it is still a constant uphill battle to ensure that.” In the light of the bullying allegations, he added: “I think the flag for hate crime should have immediately been applied to this case if there was anyone, a witness or anyone involved of the family, who said this could be connected, and then seek evidence that disproves it. “It's important to take it that way round, rather than the other way round.” Sylvia Lancaster, who died last year, launched the Foundation in 2009, would be “really disappointed” by the killing of Brianna, Mr Ainsworth said. He explained: “There's a flyer that we put when she was alive, which was basically 10 years on from the murder and what has changed? “I know when you talked about the fact the perpetrators were coming up for parole at the time, that really did disappoint her, and she felt justice hasn't been fully served in that case. “But on the other side she leaves one incredible legacy and the foundation is evidence of that in the work that it does.” For information about the Sophie Lancaster Foundation click here