Kate Middleton had the sweetest response to a nervous fan who wanted to snap a selfie with the Princess of Wales during her royal engagement at Leeds. During her visit, a fan plucked up the courage to ask her if he could take selfie with her on Tuesday.  While the Princess of Wales quickly obliged, the man admitted to her that he was nervous as he fumbled with the apps on his phone. However, Kate immediately comforted him with her humble words. As she left the market to attend another engagement at the University of Leeds, footage posted on Twitter by GB News reporter Cameron Walker, showed a man call out to Kate and politely ask: "Can I get a selfie?" The princess replied yes and added "very quickly" before the man apologised to her, although she insists it is OK.   The man, who was fumbling with his phone, before confiding in Kate that he is very nervous and she tells him: "Please don't worry, it's OK. We all get nervous." The pair then posed for the camera, before he thanked Kate and she said: “Well done, nice to meet you. Take care.” The Princess of Wales has visited Leeds to discuss her campaign around the importance of early years development in children. She met members of the public and stallholders on a tour of the city's Kirkgate market. READ MORE: Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan  The princess then travelled to the University of Leeds to meet students on the Childhood Studies programme. The visit came as Catherine launched the Shaping Us project, described by Palace officials as her "life's work". It aims to increase public awareness of the significance of the first five years of life in terms of the future physical and mental well-being of adults. Explaining the importance of the campaign, the princess said: "Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives." DON'T MISS:England’s teachers among the best paid for fewest hours in Europe [REVEAL]7million children to miss lessons as 500,000 workers stage strike [INSIGHT]Britain and EU set for a breakthrough for hated Brexit deal [SPOTLIGHT] During her visit to West Yorkshire, the princess heard what people thought of the film during a meeting with stallholders and members of the public at Kirkgate market. After the market visit, the princess travelled to the University of Leeds and met students from the Childhood Studies programme, which focuses on a broad approach to early childhood development. 