Giving holidaymakers something to look forward to, easyJet has launched two budget-friendly deals promising savings on package holidays and flights as part of its February Pay Day and March flight sale. Whether you’re looking to soak up the rays from a beachside hotel on the Costa Blanca or want to jet off to Europe or North Africa for as little as £19.99, the orange-tipped airline has you covered. For package holiday deals, customers will need to act fast, with the sale coming to an end on February 28, 2023. For a limited time, easyJet holidays has launched a special code allowing customers to save up to a whopping £200 on their next package holiday. The deal makes up the airline’s February Pay Day sale, which kicked off on February 25, 2023, and runs until February 28, 2023. The deal applies to holidays booked for travel up to and including October 23, 2023. However, a minimum spend does apply in order to enjoy the massive savings. Customers who book a holiday worth £800 will be eligible to receive a discount of £100, while the £200 saving is only applicable to holidaymakers with a minimum spend of £2,000. To bag a saving on your next easyJet package holiday simply enter the code FEBSAVER at checkout. For added protection, all holidays are covered by the travel provider's Protection Promise, which includes a "best price guarantee", a "refund guarantee", the freedom to make changes on your booking up to 28 days before departure and fee-free instalments of your full balance up to 28 days before travel. Customers will also be able to keep their deposit if plans change up to 60 days before travel. There are also plenty of holidays offering an incredible £200 discount. Express.co.uk found a luxury holiday from Manchester to the five-star rated Gloria Serenity Resort in Antalya, Turkey from £1,370 per person for two, including a £479 discount and the opportunity to save a further £200 with the February Pay Day deal. This includes a seven-night stay, a premium all-inclusive package, two hold bags and a private transfer. Search for your ideal destination and travel dates and find the best deal by visiting the easyJet holidays website before 11:00pm on February 28, 2023. easyJet has also launched an alluring flight sale on 10,000 seats booked before the end of March 2023. Take a trip to the 'City of Bridges', with flights to Venice from as little as £19.99 one way from London Gatwick to Venice Marco Polo on select days in March. Or, if you want to take in the incredible views of the Atlantic Ocean, jet off to the Moroccan seaside resort of Agadir for just £22.99 one way from London Gatwick on select days in March. Party animals can even bag a discount on flights to the 'White Island', with one-way tickets to Ibiza available for as little as £20.99 on select days in March. Express.co.uk found these prices per person based on two people flying on the same booking from London Gatwick on selected dates. European destinations include, but are not limited to: Meanwhile, those looking to explore the British Isles can enjoy discounted flights to Belfast, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Inverness and the Isle of Mann. And the sale doesn't just include routes from Gatwick, with low-cost flight options available from: However, customers should note the easyJet sale landing page only offers one-way deals. This means return flights could be much more expensive, so it's important to shop around for the best departure and return offers before jumping at a deal. Find a flight to suit your perfect destination, departure airport and dates of travel on the easyJet website. But be quick, deal ends on March 31, 2023.