Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been filmed celebrating with A-list neighbour Ellen DeGeneres at a star-studded event in the US. Ellen's wife of 14 years Portia de Rossi turned 50 on Tuesday and the couple held a party at their new $70million mansion in Montecito. The occasion was made more memorable as Ellen and Portia surprised guests by renewing their wedding vows in a ceremony officiated by US TV personality Kris Jenner.  Harry and Meghan were reportedly joined at the event by Gwyneth Paltrow, Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom. A video of the ceremony shows Ellen waiting with white flowers for wife Portia to arrive as the pair are serenaded. The couple come together, with Portia in her wedding dress, as Jenner declares: "Welcome to Portia's birthday party and to the newest home of one of my favourite couples." She then pays tribute to them, before recalling the big day in August 2008, which took place at their former home in Beverly Hills. "Today, Portia would like us to witness a renewal of her commitment to Ellen to honour and celebrate their marriage of 14 years," Jenner says. Former actress Portia then tells Ellen she is "magnificient" and the most important person in her life. Finishing off an emotional speech, Portia says "I am so honoured to be your wife" before the couple kiss. The camera then pans around as the crowd of A-list onlookers break into whooping and applause, at which point Harry and Meghan can be seen celebrating. READ MORE: Tucker Carlson blasts Boris Johnson as 'coward' after ex-PM ducks clash with TV host  Ellen tells her wife: "I just adore you, I love you and I would not be on this earth without you. "You save me every day. Thank you for saving me every day." Sharing the video on Twitter, Ellen, 65, wrote: "Portia surprised me at her birthday party by renewing our vows. Thank you Kris Jenner for officiating and Brandi Carlile for performing, and Portia for being the greatest gift to me, even on your birthday." Harry and Meghan's $14million Montecito mansion is a stone's throw from Ellen and Portia's home. DON'T MISS:Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as ex-POTUS prepares to pick off 2024 rivals 'one-by-one' [EXCLUSIVE]US politician, 30, shot dead while driving car outside her home - gunman on the loose [INSIGHT]Drivers sliding down ice layered highways in US after freak weather leaves eight dead [VIDEO]  The celebrity enclave in Santa Barbara County, California, was ravaged by freak weather last month, leading to a a full evacuation. Ellen posted a video on Twitter by a raging river, warning residents to take shelter and stay safe. The Sussexes' have had a busy few months following the release of their Netflix docuseries and Harry's memoir Spare. The Duke, 38, also appeared in a series of high-profile interviews on US TV to promote the book. 