A cyber expert has warned posting social media photos of where you are and what you are doing can lead to a "complete stranger" becoming fixated on you to the point they appear physically in your daily life. Taking a snap on a dog walk, the gym or your favourite cafe, or logging and sharing your latest run or exercise on an app are all ways of "throwing data out there" which can be easily looked up and followed in today's "participation surveillance society", says The Cyber Helpline founder Rory Innes. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Innes said sometimes the victim of online stalking can have no idea they are being followed maliciously in a way that may lead a stalker to eventually place themselves physically into a person's daily routines they have seen shared on the internet. He explained: “As soon as you put that out, people are able to view it, for example if I became obsessed with you, I could just watch everything you post and start tracking in my own time where you and what you’re up to, that’s actually just me using social media, that’s not doing anything illegal. “That is obviously almost impossible to pick up, where it is picked up is when there is direct contact or a pattern of behaviour such as liking, commenting, sharing or it’s turning up at a physical location where you get that exposure to the other person. “What happens in stalking cases is that those individuals, the person being stalked may repeatedly see them, and over the course of dozens of incidents they start to realise that something is wrong. “They see that person at the dog walking spot and then they see them at a café later in the day and then they see them walking past as they go to work." Mr Innes said the people perpetrating online harassment or who become stalkers because of online data were usually from “two camps”. He said: “They are either an ex-partner, a colleague, so someone the person being stalked knows or have physical contact with. “Or the other type is a complete stranger online who has just started that fixation online. “For there to have been a campaign of harassment or stalking up until the point where someone goes missing for example, for it to register legally there would have to have been an impact on that person, they would have to have suffered fear, distress from a campaign of those behaviours. “Legally anyone can monitor and watch what you do online, because that’s the way the system is built, we are in a participation surveillance society, where I share things that you like to look at, that’s not stalking. “Stalking is when there is harassment and an impact on the victim of fear or changes that they have to make to their life to accommodate the stalker." READ MORE: UK escapes recession 'by skin of its teeth' as economy flatlines in last quarter of 2022 Mr Innes said the very nature of social media and trackers is that they allow data to be shared with people you know and people you don’t. He said a stalker may have up to 100 interactions with the person they are fixated on before that person realises anything is wrong. He said: “The whole system that we have for social media, tools and trackers to share data with like-minded people, we know that means almost everyone has this digital footprint online. The big factor is when that becomes a risk is when there is actually a threat. If you look at stalking and harassment, about a third of our 2,000 cases a month are cyber stalking and online harassment. “That is really about an individual becoming obsessed with another individual. That obsession may have built off-line, it may have started online. When you get to a point when you are fixated on an individual then you are looking at the path of least resistance for ‘how can I understand everything about this person? see what they are doing all the time? and how can I interact with them in some way?’ “For most people that online data and online information which is being readily shared by the person they are fixated on is where they get that information. “Often what happens in stalking cases is that there is where the individual will start and then that obsession will build and they’ll feed of some of the data they are getting and it will escalate to a point where they are a danger for person they are fixated on." DON'T MISS: David Davis launches furious tirade as UK fined £2.3bn by EU 3 years after Brexit