The Princess of Wales has been busy in recent days spreading awareness of her new campaign on early development, in partnership with the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. A new video clip was today posted to the organisation's Twitter page, in which Kate explained more about the project. Kate opted for a blue dress and subtle accessories for the video clip. The dress had a tight, navy blue bodice with a round neckline and long sleeves. She also wore gold hoop earrings and minimal make-up. Her brunette locks were in their usual natural-looking waves over her shoulders. READ MORE: William has new 'wingman' after Harry 'incinerated' relationship Kate's earrings, however, stood out while she spoke as they were large and chunky - a little bigger than the usual, more delicate jewels the Princess often wears. The earrings were the Biaritz Squiggle Earrings by Shyla London. The jewels retailed for £74 but are now on sale for £59.20. On the Shyla London website, the earrings' description read: "Handmade and formed of multiple layers of gold vermeil, this Shyla hoop earring style is edgy yet timeless. Wear these Shyla earrings to elevate any look and stand out from the crowd."  Posting the video on its Twitter page, The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood said: "Our early childhood shapes everything from the way we form relationships to the way we cope with stress. "Huge thanks to our Champions for spreading the message! @MrsGiFletcher @Fearnecotton @professorgreen @ugomonye @JaxJones @leahcwilliamson Zara McDermott #ShapingUs." This was Kate's second video promoting her campaign in two days. Yesterday, January 31, she was seen speaking in another video, also posted on social media. In it, she wore a similarly simple outfit of dark green blazer and black top. READ MORE: William has new 'wingman' after Harry 'incinerated' relationship She also wore gold earrings, but they were a little slimmer than the ones she donned today. The Princess completed her look with a gold necklace. The necklace's chain was fine and featured a tiny pendant in the shape of a "C". This seemed to be in reference to her name, Catherine - fitting for a video introducing a campaign that is close to her heart. This doesn't seem to be a necklace Kate has worn before, but personalised jewellery is not a new trend for her. Back in 2021, when Kate announced the launch of The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Development, she once again released a video. In it, she wore a white ribbed top with a gold pendant necklace. On the pendant, the initials of her three children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, were engraved. The necklace was the Gold Diamond Midnight Moon Necklace by Daniella Draper, which currently retails for a huge £1,050. Speaking to People in 2021, Daniella said: "The Princess of Wales is an incredible role model - I look up to her as a young woman and a mother. "Seeing her wearing one of my designs was a very proud moment. Everyone in the workshop thinks it's just amazing. It's good morale. It's a piece that I designed with myself in mind. I wear it every day, as do my mum and sister. It's becoming one of our best sellers and it can be personalised in so many ways."  