There are plenty of reasons which are responsible for turning grout an orange shade. It can be due to the iron in the water, chemicals in soaps, body oils, bleach or mould. To clean grout “effectively” Mrs Hinch fans have shared their top tips on Facebook, after one user was struggling to get her bathroom grout stain-free. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips page, Elenor Evans wrote: “Does anyone have any tips to clean bathroom grout? “In some areas mine has become covered in orange stains. I’ve tried bleach, but it hasn’t worked.” While the cause of orange stains isn’t always mould, Mrs Hinch fans still mostly recommended a mould remover spray - specifically HG Mould Spray. Laura Robers said: “HG mould remover works great, it's amazing can't believe how quickly it works.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout Anna Riley commented: “Same thing happened to mine I used the HG spray for mould it all came out. It’s brilliant.” Michelle Hudd advised: “Spray HG mould spray on the areas of orange grout and use an old toothbrush after a few minutes to lightly scrub the stains away. When I did this, it returned my grout back to pure white.” Lucy Hopper wrote: “HG mould killer is on another level. It’s so much more effective than bleach on grout.” Mary Carter recommended: “HG Mould Spray is great for tough staining on grout as well as tiles." DON'T MISSHouseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [INSIGHT]‘Concerning’ signs your estate agent is not performing well [EXPERT]‘Best’ rule to follow when pruning houseplants - ‘encourage flowering’ [TIPS] Elle Bee added: “I spray HG mould remover and leave for about five minutes, then just rub over it.” Sue Dempsey said: “HG mould remover and a toothbrush.” Barbara Macrae replied: “Yes, HG mould remover 100 percent. I’m a fan.” This HG cleaner is ideal for cleaning tiled walls and grouting in bathrooms and kitchens. For those looking to go down the non-chemical route, some Mrs Hinch fans suggested using baking soda. READ MORE: ‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ The most common natural remedy to clean grout is to use baking soda, by combining it with water to make a paste. Georgia Alman said: “When mixing baking soda with water it creates a whitening paste to remove stubborn stains from the grout.” Janet Gough wrote: “I love using baking soda, much better than all those chemical sprays.” Sammy Haynes commented: “Just did mine with bicarbonate of soda paste. Put it on with an old toothbrush. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The longer you leave it to sit the less effort is needed when scrubbing. Comes up great and no nasty chemicals.” To create the baking soda paste use a two to one ratio of baking soda, or just enough water so that it forms a thick consistency. Use an old toothbrush or scrubbing brush to apply it to the grout and leave it on for a couple of minutes for the paste to loosen the stains. After some time use the brush to gently scrub the grout and use a cloth to wipe away the residue of the paste.