Liverpool are reportedly eyeing up a move for Adrien Rabiot with the Frenchman’s contract at Juventus expiring at the end of the season. Should the Reds decide to pursue their initial interest they will have to negotiate with the player's agent, his mother Veronique. She has a reputation for being difficult to deal with, something Manchester United found to their detriment as they pursued his signature over the summer. Central midfield has been a position of weakness at times for Liverpool this season with Jordan Henderson and Fabinho failing to reach their usual standards while Thiago has struggled with injuries. It appears to be somewhere that Jurgen Klopp would like to improve over the summer with English duo Mason Mount and Jude Bellingham among the players heavily linked with a move to Anfield in six months' time. Now, reports from Italy suggest that Rabiot could be another player within the club’s crosshairs. Gazzetta dello Sport states that Liverpool are one of the clubs to look out for as the French international looks to leave Juventus at the end of the season. Rabiot initially joined the Old Lady on a free transfer from PSG in 2019 and he may now look to utilise this method again to earn a move to the Premier League. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Rabiot has made 154 appearances since joining the club three and a half years ago scoring 12 times and producing eight assists. However, the chances of him extending his stay are ‘increasingly slim’ with European football at the Allianz Stadium looking increasingly unlikely. Juventus currently sit 10 points behind sixth-place Lazio following their 15-point deduction in January. The Old Lady’s struggles have opened the door for Liverpool however it will not be easy to complete a deal for the 27-year-old. The Reds would need to negotiate a deal with his mother Veronique and she comes with a reputation. Manchester United found this to their detriment in the summer. The Red Devils agreed a deal with Juventus for the player but were unable to agree personal terms meaning the proposal fell through.  Italian football journalist Alvise Cagnazzo sent United a warning over Rabiot and his entourage during their initial pursuit of the Frenchman and it may be something Liverpool will want to heed if they decide to solidify their interest. “His entourage has presented unwanted issues,” Cagnazzo wrote in the Daily Mail. “This is in part due to the reputation that has been bestowed upon his mother, Veronique, who has clashed with figures within the game during her son's career. “Veronique represents Rabiot and is said to have clashed with the star's teammates and sporting directors as well as having demanded to meet managers and attend training sessions to ensure her son was being treated and tended to in the right way.”