Robbie Keane believes Jadon Sancho has played his way into Erik ten Hag's starting XI for next weekend's Carabao Cup final against Newcastle. The tricky winger has turned his fortunes around at Old Trafford following a lengthy lay-off and he continued his fine form in Manchester United's 3-0 victory over Leicester. Sancho entered the fray from the bench and grabbed himself another goal to build upon his recent strike in the 2-2 draw with Leeds. The England international has shown an exemplary attitude since being dropped from the side, heading overseas to Holland to take part in his personal training programme. It is clearly paying off for the former Borussia Dortmund man, who in the opinion of ex-Spurs and Liverpool frontman Keane, has played his way into the starting line up next weekend. Keane said on Sky Sports: “It was very good from the manager bringing Sancho on. He played great… I think it was Sancho that changed the game. It helped. READ MORE: Graeme Souness attacks ref that 'never played the game' after ignoring Man Utd red card “He brought a different dynamic to the game. He looks back to himself, he looks sharp. He played his way into the team for the final for next week with that.” If Sancho is to start - just as he did in recent matches at Leeds and Barcelona - it could spell bad news for Alejandro Garnacho. The Argentine started against the Foxes but failed to stake a big claim as to why he should start against Newcastle. Instead, Sancho looks to be fit and firing again after dropping back to the bench against Leicester after two successive starts. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race  Ten Hag was more than happy with Sancho's contribution as he now looks to put his rough spell behind him. "He is in the right direction. He does not know his limits and there's a lot of space for improvement, though already he is at a high level," Ten Hag said after the match. Marcus Rashford also continued his hot-streak by netting a brilliantly-taken brace. The red-hot forward has now struck 24 times in all competitions and Ten Hag puts it down to immaculate service from his team-mates. "The team is putting Rashford in the right positions, especially Bruno [Fernandes], he creates how many passes he gives behind, he crosses in," Ten Hag said of Rashford. "Not only Bruno, but I think he is doing a great job. "We need all players in form, but we have to follow the principles of our way of play and if we do that, we can play very well." Newcastle are facing a series of issues ahead of next weekend's Carabao Cup final after losing goalkeeper Nick Pope to suspension. Joelinton is also a potential fitness doubt after feeling his hamstring in the 2-0 defeat to Liverpool.