Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could be stripped of their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles if a new bill is passed in Parliament. Conservative MP Bob Seely is seeking to present a Private Member’s Bill to the House of Commons to revoke the couple’s titles. The move has been supported by an overwhelming 96 percent of Express.co.uk readers in a new poll. Harry and Meghan were given the Sussex dukedom on their wedding day almost five years ago by Queen Elizabeth II. Despite Monarch’s having the power to bestow such royal titles, they can only be removed in Parliament. The couple chose to step down as senior members of the Firm in 2020 and were stripped of their HRH status but retained their Duke and Duchess titles. Isle of Wight MP Mr Seely has previously slammed Harry and Meghan for attacking important British institutions “as well as trashing his family and monetising his misery for public consumption”. Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti told Fox News earlier this month: “Seely plans to introduce a Private Member's Bill that would allow a vote to amend the 1917 Titles Deprivation Act, which was used to strip the German Royal Family of their UK titles during the First World War. “That level of treachery was seen as cause to remove royal titles back then, so it’s striking that a serving MP now feels so strongly about the actions of Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, that he wants to use the same law to strip them of their titles.” READ MORE: Royal spares that have found success in the shadows In a poll that ran from 9.15am on Monday, February 6, to 1.30pm on Tuesday, February 28, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should a law be passed to strip Harry and Meghan of Sussex titles?” Overall, 21,880 votes were cast, with a staggering 96 percent (20,988 people) answering “yes” in support of Parliament stripping Harry and Meghan of the Sussex dukedom. Whereas four percent (774 people) said “no” a law should not be passed, and a further 118 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed the removal of Harry and Meghan’s royal titles.  Many readers commented in support of the couple losing their Sussex dukedom, with username ProudofGB describing it as a “no-brainer” decision. Username justmy2cents said: “Yes! Let us get the law in place – and it makes perfect sense to have because the Monarch can bestow titles upon a person; but is suddenly not allowed to revoke it! Doesn't make sense – so Yes! let us have the law.” Another, username Naffoff, remarked: “This has to be done in order to save the Firm.” And username truth seeker added: “Yes, without delay.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's rare glimpse into his Montecito mansion with Meghan [INSIGHT]Meghan makes first appearance since Spare in new promo video for brand [LATEST]Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's Coronation [UPDATE] Meanwhile, username JoJo22 said: “Harry has made his choice. King Charles and the rest of the Royal Family are caught between a rock and a hard place...Parliament must protect Great Britain, her people and her reputation. Hurry up before the worldwide damage cannot be overcome. Do it and do it now, please! Other readers argued that Harry and Meghan should have lost their titles when they chose to step back from their royal duties in 2020. Username gemm said: “Yes definitely, they should never have taken them with them when they left. Should be if you leave the UK you leave titles too.” Likewise, username jaque wrote: “Should have been done when he cleared off stateside.” Username ProudofGB agreed, commenting: “The sooner the better! Why on earth is it taking so long! The titles should have been put into abeyance the moment they decided not to come back to the UK!”  Username gillmags said: “Yes…should have been done when they stepped down...better late than never.” However, other readers were wary about a new law being introduced to strip royal titles. Username williamwp said: “It should at least be debated.” Username Quillan commented: “It could lead to the end of the Royal Family. Such a bill could not be limited to just one hortatory member of the Royal Family, it would apply to all. You need to be careful what you wish for.” While username canroyal suggested: “Let him keep the title but have it reverted back to the crown on his death.”