Prince William and Kate Middleton's fairytale wedding at Westminster Abbey happened 12 years ago. The royal couple enchanted the nation as they exchanged vows, though the magical day in royal history was laced with a style scandal later on down the line. The Princess of Wales was every inch a beautiful bride on her wedding day, dressed in a breathtaking lace bridal gown designed by Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen. From its impressive 8.85 foot train to its opulent lace bodice and hidden family tributes stitched into the seams, it's hard to forget the whimsical wedding dress that catapulted Kate into the royal spotlight. Princess Kate's bespoke wedding gown continued to cause a stir five years later, when bridal designer Christine Kendall filed a lawsuit against the British fashion house, citing a breach of copyright. Christine claimed that the Princess of Wales' wedding dress bore a striking resemblance to her own sketches. READ MORE: King Charles has one grandchild who brings out his 'fun' side  She also felt that the royal's bridal gown would not have been what it was without her influence. Initially, this did not spark a huge concern, until Christine alleged the palace had sent a letter of thanks for her designs following an open call for ideas from British designers. The Sunday Times reported that Alexander McQueen was sued by Christine Kendall, though they were left "utterly baffled" by the accusations. The fashion house shared in a statement: "Christine Kendall first approached us, at Alexander McQueen, almost four years ago, when we were clear with her that any suggestion Sarah Burton’s design of the royal wedding dress was copied from her designs was nonsense." The designer of Princess Kate's wedding dress was kept a secret from the public until she arrived at Westminster Abbey on 29 April 2011. Embroiderer Amanda Ewing, who was part of the team that made the gown, opened up about the secrecy surrounding its creation. "We knew who it was for, but it was very secret – we had net curtains up, and cleaners were not allowed into the room and the code on the door was changed." The designer added: "It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity." READ MORE: Princess Kate meets adoring young fan at Shaping Us event  Kate's wedding dress still receives 14,000 average monthly searches, proving its popularity among royal fans. The Prince and Princess of Wales tied the knot at Westminster Abbey on April 29, 2011, with millions of people across the world tuning in to see Kate's gorgeous wedding dress live in action. Kate's dress featured a V-neckline, long sleeves, a fitted Victorian bodice and, in signature McQueen style, padding on the hips. It was covered in handmade lace created by the Royal School of Needlework.  The youngest lace-maker on the team was 19 years old at the time. Images of roses, thistles, daffodils, and shamrocks were placed on both the bodice and skirt using a nineteenth-century technique called Carrick-ma-cross which was also used to make Princess Diana's gown.  Kate also wore an extraordinary Cartier Halo Tiara on her wedding day borrowed from the late Queen. Stooped in royal history, the piece was gifted to Her Majesty as an 18th birthday present by King George VI in the 1930s.