Elon Musk's Twitter cull has continued as 50 employees have been laid off despite a promise to stop cuts. The most recent batch of redundancies is reportedly the eighth time the social media company has axed staff since Musk took the reins of Twitter in late October.  Twitter announced the cuts on Saturday across multiple engineering teams, US-based tech publication Information confirmed. Cuts will stretch across those supporting advertising technology, the main Twitter app and those working on its technical infrastructure. Other redundancies were made last week when Twitter axed employees from its ad sales team. JUST IN: Two dead and 11 seriously injured after pickup truck rams cyclists on busy road Musk started his cost-cutting cutbacks in November when 3,700 people were fired after he acquired the social media platform for $44billion. However, the most recent spate of redundancies appears to have gone against comments made by the Space X founder. The 51-year-old not only claimed layoffs were over but said Twitter was also hiring, the Verge reported in late November.  Musk has been very active on his personal Twitter account in recent days, posting 16 times in the last 24 hours. However, the Tesla CEO's tweets have been more jovial than focused on the direction of the company. Musk said: "Rewatching Step Brothers … so good." The Pretoria-born businessman also appeared to compare US efforts to curb inflation to the Irish Republican Army's campaign of violence during the Troubles.  DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Musk asked his followers: "Which is actually harder, defeating inflation or defeating the British?" It followed an earlier Spider Man meme post which said: "Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) vs Irish Republican Army (IRA)." The Inflation Reduction Act was introduced in 2022 to reduce the consumer price index by cutting the deficit, lowering prescription drug prices and investing into domestic energy production. The federal law was passed by Congress and signed off by President Joe Biden on August 16 last year. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 