The 1980s was a decade punctuated by both excess and recession. The world wide web was still a mere idea, mobile phones had just been invented and were outside of most people’s budgets and home computers were just starting to become a thing. But The Gold star Jack Lowden missed it all as he was born in 1990.  However, he now gets to live through it playing the role of Kenneth Noye in the BBC drama series The Gold. The six-part series tells the story of the infamous 1983 Brink’s-Mat robbery. What started as a typical armed robbery became the biggest heist of the time when the perpetrators stumbled upon £26million in gold bullion. The disposal of the bullion led to a vast international money laundering operation and provided the dirty money that helped fuel the London Docklands property boom. READ MORE: Kate Garraway addresses 'obsession' which 'infuriates' GMB co-star Although the heist was four decades ago, Noye was struck by the settings for the show had barely changed. “What I found surprising, from a location point of view, was how many locations we shot in that don’t need particular dressing,” he said. “I think that just reminds you that even though it’s about 40 years ago, it’s still quite recent and a lot of these places still exist. “But everything seemed a lot more analogue, a lot more grey.”  Lowe’s character doesn’t experience a lot of grey however as Noye lived quite a lavish life. Before getting involved in the Brink's-Mat robbery, he used his building business to cover up his fencing activity and enjoyed all the fruits of his enterprises including flash cars. “I got to drive around in a genuine gold Rolls Royce on my first day of filming,” Noye revealed. “The owner was stood on the corner looking terrified! It was so stately, and comfy. I couldn’t believe the clobber and the gear that those guys were surrounded with.” DON'T MISS: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after errorOutlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storylineClarkson’s Farm's Kaleb Cooper admits he pays himself just 50p Reflecting on the era he said: “1980s London will be forever intoxicating and attractive. “It’s never not fun to dip back into that and the ridiculousness of the time. But also, I think it’s important that people get to see that some of the Docklands came from dodgy money. “And the real horrible underbelly that that period had, a real ugliness that came with all the flamboyance. “I think it’s very important to be reminded of that because there were some pretty horrible things done.”  The real life Noye was a police informant as well as a criminal and in the aftermath of the robbery, he was acquitted in 1985 for the murder of a police officer in the grounds of his home. In 1986 he was convicted of handling stolen goods from the Brink's-Mat robbery, and served eight years in prison of a 14-year sentence. Two years after his release he was sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering Stephen Cameron in a road rage incident while on licence from prison. He is currently back on the streets having been released in license in 2019. The Gold continues on BBC One Sunday nights at 9pm. All episodes are available on the BBC iPlayer.