Emmerdale's Bernice Blackstock (played by Samantha Giles) was left beaming from ear to ear when she gazumped Nicola King's (Nicola Wheeler) offer to secure ownership of The Grange. The former hairdresser will be running the B&B with business partner Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) but fans are sensing a romantic spark between the pair. The Grange had been owned by Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) for years and Bernice faced fierce competition against Nicola and Jimmy King (Nick Miles). A war was waged between Bernice and Nicola, with the latter believing the business was hers after offering Eric the asking price. Nicola called Bernice "snide" for stealing the B&B away from her before their row turned messy. "Oh dear, not so smug now the show is on the other foot, are you?" Bernice added. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "This was my dream, remember, until you gobbled it up like the corporate greedy architect of misery that you are." Nicola replied: "You have never taken responsibility for your actions, it always has to be my fault." When Bernice suggested Nicola had always been jealous of her, she fumed and the women soon started smearing rotten food down each other's faces. "It's rancid, you absolute cow," Bernice fumed at her relative after being covered in out-of-date food.  However, Bernice had the last laugh by the end of the instalment when she and Bob secured ownership of The Grange. Eric decided to give the opportunity to Bernice and Bob as it was her "dream". He offered them an extra day to raise the funds to match her sister's offer. "We've beaten Nicola's offer enough to buy this champagne, and Viv, I think she would have approved," Bob told Bernice.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale viewers ‘work out’ Caleb Milligan’s mystery partner [LATEST]The Masked singer’s Otter’s identity ‘uncovered’ as ex-Emmerdale star [INSIGHT]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson boasts she's up 3 bra sizes and Gorka's happy [PICTURES] Bernice rubbed it in Nicola's face when she announced Eric had accepted her and Bob's offer. Emmerdale viewers were thrilled for Bernice, but some suspect a romance will blossom between Bob and her. Penelope Tweeted: "I see a Bernice and Bob affair coming #emmerdale." Ryan shared: "I hope they don't make Bob and Bernice a couple. They are not compatible #Emmerdale."  Conor said: "Bob and Bernice are gonna get together, aren’t they? #emmerdale." @News4Emmerdale added: "How long before Bob and Bernice happen… #emmerdale? Yvonne commented: "Bernice and Bob owning and running [The Grange] well this has disaster written all over it with a lot of funny moments #Emmerdale." Emmerdale continues on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 