A former "Hustler" cover model has been identified as the person arrested in connection with a shooting at an infamous brothel. Savannah Henderson, known as 'Tiara Tae', allegedly fired shots at Bunny Ranch brothel in the US which once featured in a hit HBO series. The sex worker faces four counts of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon, one count of possessing a controlled substance and one count of discharging a firearm where others may be endangered and obstructing a peace officer, authorities said. She was being held in custody but has been released after paying $86,140 bail.  Deputies responded to a report of a fight between two workers at the Nevada brothel on Monday evening, according to authorities. The 911 caller said they heard gunshots around 9.37pm, and law enforcement heard more when they arrived. No one was injured, but a suspected shooter holed up in a room for about three hours, police said. READ MORE: Shooting at infamous Bunny Ranch brothel where BBC's Louis Theroux interviewed stars A female employee eventually surrendered after a SWAT team and crisis negotiators arrived along with other assisting agencies, the sheriff's office said in a statement. After making bail on Tuesday night, Henderson took to Twitter to invite her followers over to her OnlyFans account where she would give her version of the events. "Spoiler surprise: falsely accused. Lawyer check. Charges dropped,” Henderson tweeted shortly after 10pm local time on Tuesday. “y’all thought you got me lol stay tuned for my OF link with juicy details and info of court I’m free to walk and roam! Hope everyone is having a great week. I’m feeling relief [sic].” DON'T MISSTrump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Biden vows to defend 'every inch of Nato' against Russia [LATEST]China warns US over Taiwan 'meddling' in new Cold War [REPORT] Henderson continued: “I’mma drop an OnlyFans. I’m gonna talk about most of the details on there, but if you wanna know what happened at Dennis Hof’s world famous Moonlight Bunny Ranch, make sure and f—ing subscribe." The sex worker went onto tweet “E-mails sky rocketing, people wanting bookings and meet ups..maybe Dennis was right, all publicity is good publicity the word watching right now what I do next,” referring to the late former owner of the brothel, Dennis Hof. Henderson was the March 2019 cover model for "Hustler" magazine and, according to her website, she was featured by the magazine in 2018 and has appeared in smaller publications. The Moonlite BunnyRanch where Henderson works was owned by Dennis Hof before his death in 2018. READ MORE: Suspected LA bishop killer claims David O'Connell 'owed him money' A month after his death of a heart attack, Hof famously won the race for the Nevada State Assembly, the lower chamber of the Nevada State Legislature. The brothel was put on the map after featuring in HBO’s reality show Cathouse, which ran from 2005 to 2008. The reality show documents the professional lives of the workers at the legal brothel. Moonlite BunnyRanch also made headlines in 2009, when a 22-year-old former Moonlite BunnyRanch worker was gunned down alongside three other people in an Oklahoma City shooting.