The US military intercepted eight Russian aircraft flying near Alaska in two separate incidents this week, the North American Aerospace Defense Command said on Thursday. It comes as anxieties intensify over the US's ability to secure its airspace. The first quartet of Russian aircraft, which included TU-95 BEAR-H bombers and SU-35 fighter jets, approached the Alaska Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) on Monday, followed by the exact same grouping a day later. In both cases, NORAD sent two F-35A fighter jets to intercept the Russian flights, supported by two F-16 fighters, an E-3 Sentry early-warning aircraft and two KC-135 Stratotankers. “NORAD tracks and positively identifies foreign military aircraft that enter the ADIZ,” the command said. “NORAD routinely monitors foreign aircraft movements and as necessary, escorts them from the ADIZ." The agency played down the threat posed by the incidents, stating that the Russian aircraft “remained in international airspace and did not enter American or Canadian sovereign airspace". READ MORE: US fighter jets divert four Russian warplanes flying near Alaska where UFO was shot down “This Russian activity near the North American ADIZ occurs regularly and is not seen as a threat, nor is the activity seen as provocative,” the military command continued. “NORAD had anticipated this Russian activity and, as a result of our planning, was prepared to intercept it.” While the military agency said the events are routine, the timeframe is striking. “Since Russia resumed out of area Long Range Aviation activity in 2007, NORAD has seen a yearly average of approximately six to seven intercepts of Russian military aircraft in the ADIZ,” NORAD said. DON'T MISSDonald Trump is 'own worst enemy', ex-aide says [INSIGHT]Train carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan [LATEST]Man frozen to death in prison walk-in freezer [REPORT] “These numbers have varied each year from as high as 15 to as low as zero.” What's more, US anxiety over its airspace are at an all-time high following a series of incidents. The US military has shot down three UFOs over since it downed a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the South Carolina coast on February 4. President Joe Biden has said the UFOs shot down by the US last week did not appear to be used for spying and instead were "likely" to be linked to private companies. READ MORE: NATO scrambles to intercept Russian jets 'ignoring international air safety rules' However, the administration is still dealing with the ongoing fallout after downing the Chinese balloon, which Beijing insists was just an errant civilian airship. According to the Pentagon, the suspected surveillance device drifted into US airspace north of Alaska's Aleutian Islands on January 28 and loitered over sensitive areas of Montana where nuclear warheads are siloed. It was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance programme that targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared on Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said destruction of the craft was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests." But the balloon's presence over US airspace prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high. A fleet of balloons operates under the direction of the People’s Liberation Army and is used specifically for spying, outfitted with high-tech equipment designed to gather sensitive information from targets across the globe, the US said. Details outlining the program’s capabilities were meant to refute China’s persistent denials that the balloon was used for spying. Beijing responded by saying US accusations about the balloon amount to "information warfare".