Tradition suggests it's not recommended to 'fix' something that's not broken, but then Novak Djokovic has rarely been one to conform. It was therefore understandable much of the tennis community was surprised to learn 'Nole' had split from long-time coach Marian Vajda after the 2021 season, which remains arguably the best of his career to date. Although the break-up was only publicly confirmed in March the following year, Djokovic and Vajda went in different directions after the 2021 ATP Tour Finals in Turin (November 2021). Former Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanisevic was elevated to a more senior role mentoring the Serb, while Vajda started working with Slovak compatriot Alex Molcan in May 2022. But after a year on on from their separation, Vajda has opened up more on the 'difficulty' that came with being cut from Djokovic's staff. He has been candid in the past regarding his belief the world No. 1 wanted a smaller team to focus more on major tournaments, but his latest comments suggest there may have been more to the matter. "The relationship continues well, but it was cut off due to a professional issue. We spent 15 years together. He decided to play fewer tournaments and be with a smaller team, and Goran is number one on the team," he told Spanish daily Olé. "It was a very difficult separation on an emotional level for both, but life goes on and Novak continues to be Novak." READ MORE: Roger Federer sparks theories among tennis fans with ATP yet to confirm Swiss' retirement  After an almost forgettable 2022, Djokovic has started this year in the strongest possible fashion and tied level with Rafael Nadal on 22 Grand Slams apiece after winning the Australian Open. Nadal's injury issues continue to raise suspicions this could be his last season on tour, bringing the all-time major record within reach for his main rival. Djokovic currently isn't displaying any issues with his coaching set-up. His record-extending 10th Australian Open in January was all the more impressive considering it's understood he was treating a hamstring injury for the duration of the competition. "He's stabilizing, he knows how to train, how to get along with Goran," added the 57-year-old, who worked alongside Djokovic for 20 Grand Slam wins prior to their separation. "I'm fine, he's fine. And that's how it has to be." DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz looks to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as he shares comeback expectationsNovak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian Open campaignSerena Williams gives honest view on retirement U-turn as she weighs up return    Djokovic, 35, has in the past referred to Vajda as being like "a second father" and "part of his family". One could surmise it took considerable courage to cut ties with such a crucial member of his team at the peak of his powers, though it's questionable as to whether Vajda would concur with that assessment. While the deep dives into most major tournaments continue for Djokovic, Vajda is no longer guaranteed such success. The veteran trainer went on to admit he does "miss being in those moments," though he can hope more lie in store for rising talent and current charge Molcan.