Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou has already admitted he does not pay any attention to rumours or speculation regarding his future. The Aussie has been tipped by some to replace Jurgen Klopp at Liverpool should his time at the club come to an end prematurely while he is also an option for Leeds after the club sacked Jesse Marsch on Monday. Postecoglou has done an excellent job at Celtic after taking the reins from interim manager John Kennedy in 2021. The club finished 25 points behind Rangers in the season before his arrival but overturned the deficit in the next campaign to pip their fierce rivals to the Scottish Premiership trophy by four points. The Hoops look set to defend their title again this season after building up a healthy lead of nine points at the top of the table. The job Postecoglu has done has not gone unnoticed and as such he has been touted as a potential candidate for roles in the Premier League. However, the 57-year-old has already insisted he pays little attention to speculation with his focus fully on Celtic. “It’s fair to say that speculation around my future has been with me since day one, you know, for different reasons!” he said in September when asked about links with Liverpool. “For me, I don’t worry about that stuff. It doesn’t really enter my brain space. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m “I take on every job I have and every challenge to try and make the football club as successful as it can be and that’s always been my total focus. If I start thinking about the speculation that’s there now and me potentially moving on to I don’t know where then I would have been worried at the start when people were saying that I wouldn’t last too long. “I keep saying to the players, just live in the moment. The present is the most important time because the past, you can’t change and the future, you can’t control.” Postecoglou has been previously linked with roles at Brighton and Leicester but Leeds could now become an option following Marsch’s departure. Yet, former Celtic striker Charlie Nicholas has backed him for the Liverpool job admitting he is concerned about his departure. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning “I am not a Liverpool fan by any stretch of the imagination but I would be concerned about the possible impact managerial change at Anfield could have on Ange Postecoglou,” he wrote in his column for the Scottish Daily Express. “I know Ange is building something special at Celtic but I do think Liverpool would have too much pull for him. If Liverpool were to look for a manager then surely Ange would have to come into the equation. “Look at the job he has done at Celtic and the style of football he plays. Ange is also an experienced and proven manager. I hate to say this because I know a lot of my fellow Celtic fans won’t like me saying this but Ange would be ideal for Liverpool.”