Barcelona winger Raphinha has potentially opened the door to a Manchester United transfer after claiming the Red Devils are among the ‘best teams in the world’. The Brazilian will line up against the Premier League club in Thursday’s Europa League play-off. Raphinha snubbed interest from United and Chelsea in the summer to join the Spanish giants from Leeds. The cash-strapped club beat the Premier League sides to a £65m deal. But having opted to join Barca, Raphinha has endured a tough first six months and has already been linked with a move. It is unclear whether United would reprise their interest, having signed the 26-year-old’s international team-mate Antony. Raphinha has now flirted with a switch to Old Trafford, claiming that the Red Devils are among the best clubs in the world. He likened their recent upheaval to that of his current club. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag confirms double injury boost ahead of Barcelona He said: “I think they are two of the best teams in the world. Barca had a bad time in recent seasons and Manchester did too. All clubs go through difficult times but you have to change your mind to be the best again.” United were desperate to sign a left-footed winger in the summer and having failed to lure Raphinha to Old Trafford, they instead spent £86m on Antony. Neither player has had a completely plain-sailing start to life at their respective new clubs. Raphinha publicly complained about head coach Xavi playing him on the left of attack, rather than his favoured right. "Yes, I spoke with Xavi and told him that I would like to compete where I can contribute to the team, on the right. On the left, I can't contribute much,” he said in November. The former Rennes star has started just 12 of Barca’s 21 La Liga matches this season. He excelled at Leeds, scoring 17 times in 67 appearances across two seasons at Elland Road. Fans of Leeds would no doubt fume if Raphinha moved to United given the two clubs’ fierce rivalry. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'will be sold to Qatar' as sibling rivalry and fears emergeBenni McCarthy caught laughing at two Man Utd players before BarcelonaMan Utd have 'second Qatari party interested' as Liverpool talks fail Meanwhile, United midfielder Fred has revealed that he spoke with Raphinha about their Europa League draw while playing for Brazil at the World Cup. The pair have struck up a close friendship while on international duty. Fred revealed: “We spoke in the national team, we are big friends. So, we are expecting in Barcelona when Raphinha plays that he’s a good player. We played against [him] when he played for Leeds, so we know about this player. “He is so good with the ball, quick, but I say we need to be careful with every player from Barcelona, we know they have a good team. They are trying to build a good team as well [like United], so we can expect a good game and we will try to do our best.”