The payments have been triggered several times this winter with some people receiving three payments, worth a total of £75. People on certain benefits are eligible for the payments as long as they meet certain criteria. The scheme runs from October 2022 to March 2023 and people on these benefits may be eligible if they meet other criteria: READ MORE: 'A shambles!' Pensioner hit by state pension shortfall after National Insurance error State pensioners who receive Pension Credit will normally be eligible for the payment. Receiving a payment will not affect any other benefits a person receives. A claimant may also need to meet one or more of the following additional criteria:  The payments should go out automatically to those who are eligible but if a person believes they are missing a payment, they should contact one of two Government departments. Those who are on Pension Credit can contact the Pension Service if they think they are missing payments. The department can be called on 0800 731 0469. If a person is on one of the other benefits and believes they are missing a payment, they should contact their local Jobcentre Plus. A person can check online if any Cold Weather Payments have been triggered in their area. Residents of England and Wales can find out using a checker tool on the gov.uk website. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw People who live in Northern Ireland can also check online using a similar tool on the NI direct Government website. In using either of the tools, a person will need to input the first part of their postcode, such as SE1. The tool will then say if a payment has been triggered in that area and when. The results will also have information about which local weather station is used to work out if a payment is due in their area. Payments should arrive in people’s bank accounts within 14 working days of when they are triggered. The Cold Weather Payment has been replaced in Scotland with the Winter Heating Payment. This is a one-off £50 payment that goes out to eligible people regardless of the weather conditions, with the eligibility criteria otherwise the same. Information on the Scottish Government website says the payments should be made this month. Receiving Cold Weather Payments or the Winter Heating Payment will not affect a person’s entitlement to other benefits.