Fans of the ITV2 reality dating show will know producers are permitted to meet with islanders every morning and are present when they take time out to speak in the Beach Hut. Now, a source has claimed Love Island bosses had to intervene when islanders weren't interested in talking to a new bombshell. The source claimed producers are "very heavily involved" in the series and spend the "majority of their time watching everything". They added bosses "talk to the islanders through the tannoy". The show insider went on to reveal to The Daily Star, bosses once had to "intervene" when contestants didn't want to speak to a new islander. They claimed the boys "snubbed" a new bombshell as "no one fancied her" and instead they "slated" the newcomer.  Typically when a new contestant arrives it leads to sparks flying as islanders lap up the new potential love interest. In this instance, the source claimed producers had to enter the villa to address the issue and made the islanders return to get to know the new arrival. The issue of editing and producers involvement has unsurprisingly popped up in the past. However, ITV has said the final cut "represents what happens over a 24-hour period". A spokesperson said: “The opinions they have, decisions they make and the relationships formed are completely within the control of the Islanders themselves. “It is always our intention to produce a show that is a fair and accurate representation of life in the villa.” Meanwhile former islander Billy Brown, who entered as bombshell in the summer 2022 series, shared his take on how producers choose the bombshells. He told OK!: “When I got the call about Casa Amor, the producers told me that they’d selected me as a bombshell because I didn’t care about other people’s opinions and I wasn’t worried about making a splash.  They knew that I could chat to anyone and that I had the confidence to stir things up if needed.” This series’ latest bombshell Claudia Fogarty needn’t worry about her reception from the boys as a teaser for Wednesday's instalment reveals at least one of the boys, who is coupled up, has the hots for her. When his heartbeat races over her arrival, Claudia responds: “Sorry… I’m very flattered.” Elsewhere in the episode the results of the latest challenge will be announced after all contestants dressed up in saucy outfits designed to set their pulses racing.  Who had all the right moves and how has it left the others feeling? Blackburn-native and island newcomer Claudia then picks Casey and Tom to head out of the Villa with, and enjoy a date each under a pergola set alongside a stunning sea view. When asked why she picked Tom, Claudia says: “The northern charm, you’re very similar to me and you’ve got very good eye contact, I love that.” But she appears to be keeping her options open as sharing time with Casey and admitted she was ‘drawn to’ him hinting romance could be on the cards. Casey isn’t letting the grass grow as he hinting he’s smitten describing Claudia as the "perfect date". Winter Love Island 2023 continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. 