Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rose to fame thanks to the sharing of her cleaning tricks and tips. Now, Mrs Hinch fans are sharing their own cleaning hacks on Facebook pages made in her honour. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to get rid of, as well as prevent, the limescale that had built up in her toilet bowl. Sara Newton wrote: "Hello! I have just moved in to our new house, and one of the toilets looks like this. "I took the water out (as much as I could) then I have tried bicarb and vinegar, Pink Stuff, elbow grease, Magic Eraser. Can anyone help?" The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans offered a plethora of tips and tricks. Some cleaning methods involved using natural products, while others consisted of using chemical items. Jackie Boath simply wrote: "Pumice stone." Stacey Evans commented: "Spirit of Salt from Homebase. Best thing ever." Danni Hall agreed. She said: "Spirit of salts." Jane Merryfield also recommended this product. Carlote Cabral and Anita Gardiner advised using Black Harpic. Gemma Wealls wrote: "Try denture tablets extra white - leave them overnight or as long as you can." Lisa Brooks said: "We inherited a toilet like this when we moved to our new house. I tried all the above and the only thing that worked was removing the water and using a kettle descaler and leaving it to soak." DON'T MISS:Keep potatoes edible for ‘months’ with new storage advice [GUIDE]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [COMMENT]Chef’s ‘easy’ technique to make the ‘most perfect poached egg’ [VIDEO] Lyn Whittle commented: "Mould and mildew spray or bleach overnight." Sally Byett said: "Definitely Black Harpic - leave it overnight. It will soon be looking good for you." Nicola Ward's advice was a little different. She said: "Full fat Coke." Karen Hurley Hayward agreed. They said: "Full fat Coke, no joke." Lisa Duffy also recommended Coke. She wrote: "Coke and pumice stone. Leave Coke in overnight first." Coca Cola is one of the cheapest methods for the removal of limescale, with supermarkets' own brand Cola costing even less. For example, Tesco's Cola costs just 50p for a two-litre bottle. But Dawn Rayfield's tip was even cheaper than the Coca Cola method. She said: "After all the soaking, rub it with a two pence coin - my son's was worse than this and now not a mark on it. It's amazing." Chelle Clubb advised: "Heard that Oven Cleaner left overnight does the trick." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tracy Mothersdale said: "A friend told me dishwasher tablets." Lindsay Clark wrote: "Black Harpic overnight, but you need to take out a bit more water." Joanna Patterson said: "Astonish tablets! Just pop two in for 20 minutes, then scrub." Martha O'Farrell added: "Put Harpic in your toilet when you go to bed and then flush it in the morning."