Aries For the time being, there seems to be no easy solution to current problems. In addition to having taken on a commitment that is not as straightforward as you initially thought, arguments in the family are causing you to feel tense and anxious. Are you single? Say yes to a new romantic opportunity if it comes your way. Taurus If you really want to expand your interests, be ready to explore something totally different. Whether it is gaining technical skills or volunteer experience abroad, it is time to break free from your own self-imposed limitations. To limit yourself to subjects you already know, you are restricting your own learning experiences. Gemini Encourage others to discuss only what is important. You don’t have time to waste on someone who is avoiding telling the truth. You can sense when people aren’t being honest with you but you don’t want to undermine someone’s authority with your suspicions. Cancer You have been waiting for the right moment to say what’s on your mind but you are starting to realise there is no right moment. If something needs to be said, take a deep breath and say it today. Don’t dwell on the negatives of a work situation. You have a lot to do and no time to entertain unhelpful thoughts. Leo A project or chapter in your life is coming to an end allowing you, if you so desire, to cut cords with the past. The choice is yours. It is the choice, the balancing of pros and cons, of your needs with the needs of those close to you that could be at the heart of your dilemma. Virgo You are in a playful and impulsive mood. This may seem out of character to those who know you well but you aren’t bothered about what anyone thinks. There is no need to gain anyone’s approval for your moods and feelings. You just need to express your more joyful side.    Libra No one will be surprised if you are the first one to turn up at a party or social get-together and the last one to leave. Having fun and lots of it is your main intention when you have decided that you may as well enjoy yourself while you can. If you have work to do, it will still be there tomorrow. Scorpio It may feel as if your recent contribution to a work or voluntary project has gone unnoticed. If other people seem to be getting the credit for your efforts, the smart thing to do would be to make those in charge aware of your accomplishments. Sagittarius You might think that the best answer to getting a job done is to apply yourself even more. This may not be an ideal solution. Instead of making the difference you are hoping to see, if you push yourself too far, you could end up dropping from exhaustion.    Capricorn You have put a good deal of time and effort into a volunteer project or professional job you have taken on. You are starting to see results but your energy is starting to flag and you’re actually wondering how much more you will be able to give to this project. Aquarius A close relationship has been floundering because you simply haven’t been spending a lot of time with each other. Now that you are together, you will find yourself responding to a partner’s needs in a way that feels natural and right. Your sensitivity is the key to open the door to intimacy. Pisces You aren’t in the mood to negotiate. That’s because you sense someone is more intent in getting you to change your mind than to listen to what you have to say. You are tired of having to explain yourself to others and you just want to move forward without further discussion.     