Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has now signed nine players since taking charge of the club back in the summer. And with the Glazers approving each and every one, albeit with some reluctance in some instances, the Americans have shown they’re willing to give the 52-year-old backing. Even at a time where they’re looking to sell the club, the much-maligned owners are finally stepping up. The Glazers have done more damage to United than any other party in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. But, by signing nine players for Ten Hag since the Dutchman’s appointment, they’ve at least taken necessary action following the shambles of last season. Back in the summer, United landed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro, Antony and Martin Dubravka. And, just in January, they’ve now proceeded to reinforce their squad with loan deals for Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer. That makes it nine. A figure that makes for remarkable reading - especially when compared to Ten Hag’s predecessors. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The Glazers don’t really deserve credit, of course. This is long overdue, something each and every manager of United have needed in the years since Ferguson walked off into the sunset. David Moyes got just two signings during his time at the club, after all. Marouane Fellaini was a deadline day panic buy, while United then proceeded to land Juan Mata in January 2014 simply because Chelsea were open to offers. Fellaini and Mata would have their moments for the club but, in truth, neither was of the quality required. Louis van Gaal rocked up as Moyes’ successor in 2014 with Ed Woodward then opting to go down the Galactico route. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria were standout arrivals that year, with Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo, Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera also arriving. And, the following year, United then landed Morgan Schneiderlin, Sergio Romero, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Memphis Depay, Anthony Martial and Matteo Darmian. That number makes 12, and Ten Hag is just three behind that - having been in charge for less than a year. Jose Mourinho came after Van Gaal, with the Portuguese appointed to counter the arrival of Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Paul Pogba, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Eric Bailly, Romelu Lukaku, Nemanja Matic, Victor Lindelof, Alexis Sanchez, Diogo Dalot, Lee Grant and Fred were all recruited by the Portuguese. Again, however, Ten Hag is close to achieving that number of 11 despite the short time since his appointment. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was able to bring in 13 - more than any other boss in the years since Ferguson’s retirement. But it took him two-and-a-half years to reach that total, whereas Ten Hag is a mere four behind with the Dutchman aware there’s still plenty of work to do. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Of course, a club of United’s size and stature shouldn’t necessarily be going for loans. There was always a sense the Glazers were reluctant to spend the big money while the club is on the market. But they’ve still approved United adding more players to their wage bill following the arrivals of Weghorst, Butland and Sabitzer. Imagine, just imagine, what United will be able to give Ten Hag once their takeover goes through.