Carlos Alcaraz made a candid admission about his own level after making his long-awaited return to competition. The world No 2 played his first match in 103 days at this week’s Argentina Open, downing Laslo Djere in three sets, and was harsh on himself as he explained what he “lacked” in his first match since getting injured at the Paris Masters in November. Alcaraz has been sidelined for more than three months, tearing an ab muscle during his Paris Masters match against Holger Rune before picking up a leg injury in his pre-season training. The back-to-back physical issues saw the 19-year-old forced to end his 2022 season early before having to pull out of the Australian Open but he is finally back in action in Buenos Aires. The top seed at this week’s ATP 250, the Spaniard needed two hours to get past world No 57 Laslo Djere 6-2 4-6 6-2 and said afterwards that he was nowhere near his best despite getting the win. “The return to competition is not easy,” the six-time title winner told reporters. “I go to every tournament with the goal of winning it. My first game of the year after four has been a great game, but far from my usual level.” Alcaraz also confessed that he had forgotten how to respond in certain situations after a lack of matches over the last few months. JUST IN: Dominic Thiem backtracks after snubbing Federer for Djokovic and Nadal   “Beyond the blows there have been several moments that I have not known how to manage,” he continued. “And that is given to you by the competition that helps you know how to handle it in certain ways. The rhythm between points is given by having played several games and that is what I lack.” But in good news for fans of the teenage sensation, Alcaraz was still feeling good on the court and knew that everything else would come back with more matches. He added: “I have felt very good. I have played at a good level, but I have a lot of room for improvement. The only way to improve is to play matches. Little by little it will get better.” DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu labelled 'lucky' for Murray influence on next generationAndy Murray takes family to Dubai as Brit prepares for tennis returnEmma Raducanu signs up to new mixed doubles event with familiar face And the world No 2 shared his love for the tournament and Argentina, continuing: “Playing in front of legends like Gabriela Sabatini is a source of pride. I wanted to play this tournament. Even if it becomes 500, it will depend on last year's calendar because it is very close to Australia. I'm loving this experience to see if I can repeat it, but for now I'm feeling comfortable. “Since the first training session I am feeling the love of people everywhere. It's nice that so many kilometres from your home you feel at home, it's spectacular.” 