Greta Thunberg has joined dozens of teenage activists to protest against a wind farm in Norway outside the country's energy ministry. The environmentalist, who for years has protested in favour of green energy, is complaining about "Green Colonialism" as the farm is in reindeer herding land used by an indigenous group. Greta, 20, was joined by the Young Friends of The Earth Norway, and members of the indigenous Sami people who live off reindeer herding and fishing. The group lay outside the Norwegian government building, locked together in a human chain holding up a poster reading "Land Back". Greta was heard shouting: "Indigenous rights, human rights, must go hand-in-hand with climate protection and climate action. "That can't happen at the expense of some people. Then it is not climate justice." She told the broadcaster TV2 the world shouldn't use the "so-called climate transition" as a cover for "colonialism". The group were criticising the government over two wind farms in the Forsen region of Western Norway which are still in use, 16 months after they were ruled to violate Sami human rights under international conventions. In 2021, the Norwegian Supreme Court ruled that the construction permits of 151 turbines, which power roughly 100,000 homes in the region, were invalid. However, the ruling did not explain what would happen next to the turbines. The Sami people are calling for the turbines to be taken down. Don't miss...Putin set to unleash fury as NATO boss says Kyiv will become member [LATEST]Putin warned 'predator will devour predator' over Kremlin coup fears [LATEST]TikToker that filmed Nicola Bulley's body makes donation to family [LATEST] Norway's Oil and Energy Minister Terje Aasland said the government will make a "new decision" on the wind farm but explained he could not provide any details "until we have a sufficient knowledge basis for it." “I fully respect the rights of indigenous peoples," he told the activists outside the ministry. Activist Ella Marie Hætta Isaksen told Aasland, "I can’t stand you sitting here talking the same nonsense." She added: “We cannot start talking about the future until you acknowledge the past and the ongoing violation of human rights that is going on right now."    In the early hours of Monday morning, Norwegian police forced a dozen activists who had been occupying the oil and energy ministry for several days.