Joe Biden's beach home in Rehoboth, Delaware is reportedly being searched for more classified documents. President Biden was previously found to be in possession of files from his tenure as vice president under Barack Obama. Biden's lawyer Robert Bauer reported the President is cooperating with the authorities as the search unravels.       In a message to the press, Mr Bauer said: "Today, with the President's full support and cooperation, the DOJ is conducting a planned search of his home in Rehoboth, Delaware. "Under DOJ's standard procedures, in the interests of operational security and integrity, it sought to do this work without advance public notice, and we agreed to cooperate. "The search today is a further step in a thorough and timely DOJ process we will continue to fully support and facilitate." He added: "We will have further information at the conclusion of today's search." READ MORE: Ex-Clinton aide warns classified document scandal could 'knock' Biden out of 2024 race The search in Biden's Rehoboth home is the third time the FBI agents have searched the property of the US president for classified documents. They previously conducted a search on his Wilmington home, where they discovered a series of files dating back to the Obama administration. The DOJ had also authorised a further search of his Penn Biden Center office after Biden's staff discovered more classified documents in November. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] The Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement is a think tank in Washington, D.C., affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania. According to Biden’s tax returns, the university paid him roughly $900,000 over about two years, starting just after he left office when Donald Trump and Mike Pence took over the White House. His lawyers had finally gotten around to clearing out the office when they came across the classified documents last November. The records were immediately turned over to the Justice Department, but the discovery of records there and at Biden’s home has led to an investigation by a special counsel appointed by Attorney General Merrick Garland. Trump, too, faces a special counsel inquiry related to classified documents. In his case, FBI agents executed a warrant that showed they were investigating possible crimes including the willful retention of national defense information and efforts to obstruct the federal probe. Biden voluntarily allowed the FBI search of his home. Still, Biden is facing blowback not only from across the political aisle but among prominent Democrats too. Democrats have publicly and privately conceded that the stunning developments are at best an unwelcome distraction at an inopportune time that muddies the case against Donald Trump. “No one’s going to say this is helpful,” veteran Democratic strategist James Carville has said publically. “It’s pretty evident that’s not the case.” Several Democratic lawmakers hace also expressed criticism about Biden's handling of classified documents, with Senator Dick Durbin saying the President should be "embarrassed by the situation". Mr Durbin added that while neither Biden nor former President Donald Trump should have had possession of classified documents, “what happened and followed from it is significantly different", in in an interview on CNN.