Tyson Fury grabbed headlines in the lead-up to his brother Tommy’s upcoming clash with Jake Paul by suggesting that he will disown TNT if he loses to the YouTube star on February 26. The Gypsy King even promised to retire Tommy and change his last name if he fails to get his hand raised on fight night. However, former three-time opponent, Derek Chisora has revealed that Tyson isn’t particularly bothered about what happens as long as Tommy is getting paid and isn’t ruling out the possibility of the ex-Love Island star getting knocked out. The pair were in attendance to watch Paul and Tommy square off for the first time at the Artur Beterbiev vs Anthony Yarde event last weekend and got talking at ringside. “We were just talking about family stuff, just hanging out. I told him his brother is going to get knocked out and he goes ‘as long as he’s getting paid’,” Chisora told iFL TV. These comments come after Tyson told Boxing Social: “If Tommy can’t splatter Jake Paul, I’ll retire him from boxing myself. If he can’t beat Jake Paul, forget about boxing. Because he’s got ambitions of being a world champion, never mind beating some YouTube guy." And in a more recent interview with talkSPORT, he went one step further by suggesting that if Tommy doesn't stop Paul then he won't be coming home to England. "It’s going to be fun, and I expect Tommy to chin him. If he doesn’t he can stay in Saudi Arabia," he added. After two failed attempts to make it happen, Jake and Tommy square off later this month in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. The fight will be contested over eight three-minute rounds at a 185lb catchweight limit. MORE BOXING NEWS... Conor Benn breaks silence after drugs test ruling goes in his favour Ngannou worry raised by UFC icon Buffer over Fury fight - EXCLUSIVE Jake Paul and KSI 'avoiding' influencer boxing boogeyman Salt Papi Due to their messy past, UFC veteran Mike Perry has been drafted in as the backup opponent should the fight fail to come to fruition once again. Meanwhile, fans could end up watching the grudge match twice this year with a rematch clause signed into the contract if Tommy beats Jake. The Problem Child comes in as a moderate favourite with the bookies but Tommy doesn’t believe the American is on his level. “I know when it comes down to it, he can’t beat me in a fight,” the Mancunian told BT Sport. “Not through Monday to Sunday, he can’t beat me in a fight. There is no way in the world because even if I never trained for this, my heart alone would get me through a fight with him, not a problem. He’s useless, he’s big, he’s even stiffer than me and I’ve got a load of muscle on me, he can’t move out of the way of a shot, and his boxing fundamentals are awful because every fight is the same.”