  Lucy Fallon, 27, has given birth to her first child with boyfriend Ryan Ledson, the couple has confirmed. The loved up pair initially kept the pregnancy a secret, after the Coronation Street star suffered a tragic miscarriage last March at seven weeks.      However, in September Lucy and Ryan shared the exciting news that they were once again expecting. The former Corrie actress, who played Bethany Platt on the ITV soap, has revealed they have welcomed a baby boy. "Our beautiful boy. 30/01/2023", she wrote of the announcement, along with a white love heart emoji. She also shared a sweet first photo of her newborn, who arrived on 30th January, with OK!. READ MORE: Amanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman split    The picture shows the new mum cradling her little bundle of joy in her arms, and she looks positively glowing. In the snap, the star is sitting next to Ryan on the sofa, who is also grinning from ear to ear. Lucy opted for a white T-shirt and a leopard print midi skirt for the photoshoot, while footballer Ryan wore a black T-shirt and shorts for the monochrome photo. Ryan is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Preston North End.  Lucy’s happy news comes after she previously suffered a heartbreaking miscarriage in March 2022. “It was a traumatising, horrendous time,” she told the same publication at the time. “We went for a scan and they couldn’t see anything, so then we went to the hospital and they thought they could see something, so it was very up and down. "I had pregnancy symptoms and I was feeling really unwell and when they were doing all these scans my symptoms were getting worse and worse and there were no signs I had had a miscarriage, so that made it more of a shock. "We just assumed everything was going to be fine. Then after a week when they’d done the blood tests and other tests I went back and they said that I had miscarried. It was a really strange feeling." READ MORE... Kate Garraway shares rare pic of husband Derek in tribute to carer [NEWS] Mike Tindall admits he will not attend Chris Moyles' birthday bash [NEWS] Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [INSIGHT]    Now, Lucy has shared her joyful new photo to Instagram, with her friends and followers taking to the comments section to send their well wishes. Corrie’s Georgia Taylor wrote: “Gorgeousness!! Congratulations darling xxx.” (sic) Another star from the ITV soap, Helen Flanagan, penned: “So happy for you my beautiful friend.” Co-star Samia Longchambon commented: “Congratulations both of you… Gorgeous news Lucy!”      Yet another Corrie star, Catherine Tyldesley, wrote: “So thrilled for you guys!!! Huge congratulations.” (sic_ While former colleague Mollie Gallagher also penned: “Awww congratulations.” (sic) Jane Danson added: “How amazing- huge congratulations Lucy xx.” (sic) And Emmerdale’s Natalie Anderson commented: “Awwww how beautiful!! Congratulations darling!!” (sic)   