Nina Warhurst, 42, has taken to Twitter to pay an emotional tribute to her grandfather Michael today following his death. The BBC Breakfast star shared a heartwarming picture of herself alongside Michael, who she branded “one of the greatest fortunes of my life”. In the snap, Nina could be seen smiling as she enjoyed a glass of wine while her grandad looked at her lovingly. The presenter praised her grandad’s “wisdom and love” in a tweet shared in view of her 36,400 followers. She said: “A beautiful day to say goodbye to my Grandad Michael Jackson, born 100 years ago. “Salford, to Ireland, to war, where he witnessed the liberation of Bergen Belsen, before raising our Manc rabble. “42 years of his wisdom and love - one of the greatest fortunes of my life.” Nina was soon inundated with condolence messages from fans, as well as other well-known faces. Steph's Packed Lunch host Steph McGovern said: “What a brilliant picture and clearly a cracking man. Sending love.” Louise Woodward-Styles added: “Sleep tight Sir. Sending love to you and the family Nina. What a life he lived and loved.” Winston Smith penned: “As a grandad myself I know that when my grandson looks at me like this, the true meaning of love. My thoughts are with you all Nina.” Martin Orme tweeted: “Sorry for your loss Nina, cherish the precious memories. My thoughts are with you and your family!” The emotional update comes after Nina opened up about her family struggles in a candid social media post last month. The TV star admitted it’s been a “very anxious few months” for her family in an Instagram post, as she gave fans an insight into her personal life. In view of her 15,100 followers, the star posted a pic of herself wearing a charcoal facemask, which she captioned: "It's been a very anxious few months for me and my family. “We are finally coming up for air and last night I had a chance to take stock,” she continued. “I looked around my bedroom. I was wearing a beauty mask, given to me by a colleague who had seen my skin is suffering. “There is the box of Maltesers, posted by a friend after I said I feel too guilty to send myself treats. “There are the microwaveable slippers (you read it right) sent by friends after I complained my feet are always cold. “The are the candles, the bath salts, the pound shop toe heaters, the home made card, the massage voucher, the novel selected to be just the right level of page turn-y, and a phone full of messages ‘just checking in’. “There are so many friends and relatives who gently leaned in to love us over the last few months,” she added. Nina is a mother to two sons with her husband Ted, whom she married back in 2014.