Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is undecided over the future of Folarin Balogun, according to reports. The striker is tearing it up in Ligue 1 this season during a loan spell at Reims. Balogun came through the academy at Arsenal and was a prolific goalscorer through the age groups. He came close to leaving the Gunners in 2021 before putting pen to paper on a new contract just months before his deal expired. He found game time hard to come by last season and spent the second half of the campaign at Middlesbrough. The New York-born star was often played out of position but has featured as a central striker for Reims this term. Balogun is the leading scorer in France's top division, with 14 goals to his name. He is one ahead of Paris Saint-Germain superstar Kylian Mbappe and former Arsenal skipper Alexandre Lacazette. READ MORE: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove Glazers from Man Utd  Balogun is set to return to the Emirates in the summer with his value having rocketed in recent months. But The Sun claims Arteta is unsure of what to do with the 21-year-old. Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah as the two main striker options. Arteta will have to decide if there is space for a third centre-forward in his squad. The report says the Gunners could cash in on Balogun, as there will be plenty of interest in his signature. Reims are claimed to have tried to make the deal permanent in January but Arsenal rejected the proposal. Balogun still has two-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at the Emirates, so there is no rush to sell. But it remains to be seen if he would settle for being a back-up option next season. DON'T MISSMbappe and Messi 'push' for Man City star to join PSG after 'rule breaches'Man Utd team news: Three changes vs Leeds as Ten Hag faces injury dilemmaMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advert  He joined Arsenal at the age of eight and made his senior debut in the Europa League in October 2020. He scored twice in the competition that season but hasn't found the back of the net since in a Gunners shirt. Balogun recently discussed his future at Arsenal and insisted he will be in a better place after his spell at Reims. He told L'Equipe: "Arsenal is my family. For me, the club represents brotherhood and unity. "There, I learned always to push my limits. I remember from training the permanent desire to progress on a technical level. "I think by the time I go back I’ll be in a better place to compete than I was before I left. I realised there were certain things I would struggle with, but I think that’s a good thing. It helps you to manage stuff you’re uncomfortable with which is important."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here