Joe Biden has claimed his classified document debacle is "fundamentally different" to the one facing Donald Trump. The 80-year-old POTUS also suggested there is no comparison to the way he and his predecessor handled the sensitive material. The 46th President made the comment during an interview with ABC host David Muir.  Muir asked: "You called the Trump discovery irresponsible. Is there something irresponsible here though too?" Biden responded: "You know, you’re a good lawyer, but you’re trying to make a comparison." He argued: "There’s degrees of irresponsibility, that are, they can be significant degrees of irresponsibility." The Commander-in-Chief conceded "not everything was gone through as meticulously as it should have" but stressed the situation was not comparable to the one Trump's probe. Biden claimed: "The difference is every single solitary thing I’ve been asked to do, I’ve done voluntarily. "I’ve invited the Justice Department to come into every aspect of any place that I had any control of. There’s no need for search warrants." JUST IN: US demands Europe 'steps up' security after Ukraine as 'we cannot shoulder the burden' He added: "Wherever you want to go, you can go … that was totally different." Explaining how his situation was "fundamentally different", Biden concluded: "There's nothing for me to hide." Biden labelled his predecessor "irresponsible" after more than 300 classified documents were found at his Mar-a-Lago home last summer, including at least 60 branded "top secret". In comparison, at least 20 documents were found by the FBI at Biden's home in Delaware, with others detected at an office in Washington. The 46th POTUS has also been cooperating with the Department of Justice.  Whereas, his predecessor has been accused of obstructing its investigation. Trump was even issued with a subpoena and a search warrant was executed while Biden did not need to receive the same treatment after his lawyers alerted the National Archives about the findings. Despite some significant differences, a recent opinion poll conducted by NBC News found that US voters were equally as concerned about Biden and Trump's classified documents, with 67 percent expressing unease over the debacle. Biden and Trump have established a ferocious political rivalry since the former Blue Hen State Senator defeated the property-tycoon-turned-politician by seven million votes in 2020. The pair could lock horns yet again in 2024, with Trump officially launching his third consecutive White House bid last November. DON'T MISS US makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] The incumbent POTUS has not yet confirmed if he will seek re-election but First Lady Jill Biden gave yet another hint about his ambitions. Speaking in Kenyan capitol Nairobi, the FLOTUS said: "He’s not finished what he’s started and that’s what’s important." The most recent general election polls suggest Biden has an advantage against his Republican rivals. Echelon Insights' survey indicated that Biden has a seven-point lead over former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and opened up a three percent gap over Trump. But Florida's Grand Old Party Governor Ron DeSantis could pose a problem for Biden if he enters the race, with the polling company handing him a three-point lead. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews