Manchester City have broken their silence on allegations of breaching financial rules by the Premier League. The Sky Blues face a host of potential punishments, including points deductions or expulsion from the division, following a four-year investigation into the matter. Shockwaves were sent through English football on Monday when the ruling was confirmed via a lengthy Premier League statement. City are charged with over 100 breaches of financial regulations from 2009/10 to the present day, which could land the Sky Blues with a host of potential punishments. Points deductions, being stripped of titles, limits on spending, transfer bans and even relegation are all thought to be on the table, although it has been reported that authorities are unlikely to consider retrospective action, such as voiding titles won years ago. The matter will now be dealt with by an independent disciplinary commission via a series of private hearings. City stood defiant by releasing a statement of their own around two hours after the initial news broke. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with," it read. "The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner  The Premier League's investigation began in December 2018 after documents leaked by Der Spiegel alleged that City overstated sponsorship income, formed a secret contract to bump up Roberto Mancini's wages and broke rules about approaching young players. Current charges include failing to provide details of Mancini's pay during his time at the club, as well as detail on players' wages from 2010/11 to 2015/16. City ran into similar problems several years ago when UEFA slapped them with a two-year ban from European competition and a £27million fine. The ban was eventually overturned and the fine reduced by the Court of Arbitrarion for Sport (CAS), although under Premier League rules, City won't be able to appeal any sanctions from the current investigation to CAS.  Manager Pep Guardiola has stood firm amid murmurs of financial foul play at City in years gone by, although the uncertainty around the club is only heightened by his previous comments, in which he promised to quit if it turned out he had been lied to. "When they are accused of something I ask them: ‘Tell me about that.’ They explain and I believe them," he said last year. "I said to them: ‘If you lie to me, the day after I am not here. I will be out and I will not be your friend any more. I put my faith in you because I believe you 100 per cent from day one and I defend the club because of that.’" 