There is nothing worse than a beautiful patio being ruined by the sudden growth of weeds and grasses. They can make their way up through cracks, between paving stones and through the gravel. For a cheap and chemical-free way to remove these pesky plants, one woman has taken to social media to shed her top tip. Posting videos and pictures of her before and after results, Susie Thomas took to the Facebook page Gardening UK to share how she managed to get her paving weeds to die and not grow back only using boiling water. She said: “You asked how long it took for the weeds to die back. Last night I took a video at 8:40 or 8:20pm, where I poured some boiling water onto a dandelion weed. “I did an update video this morning but I can’t remember what time it was, it should have it on the video. “You will see that the weed has started to die just by pouring boiling water on the plant. READ MORE: ‘Best location’ to plant hydrangeas in gardens - avoid ‘wrong area’ “As I explained I don’t put weed killers/salt/vinegar because I have a dog and I don’t want to make him ill or worse.” In one of the videos Susie posted it showed her pouring boiling water from a kettle onto her paving weed. The second video filmed the following morning showed the once bright green weed had turned dark brown showing that it had already died. The post attracted interest from fellow garden lovers, one of whom was interested in knowing if the boiling water trick prevents the weeds from growing back. DON'T MISSI used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave [COMMENT]5 ‘common’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ a ‘cheap and tacky’ aesthetic [EXPERT]‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple [TIPS] Ian Price said: “I would be interested to see it in two to four weeks time.” In response to the comments Susie said: “Ian they stay away. It has been a godsend to me doing it this way because I have back/hip and knee problems and the pathway was alway mega overgrown and overwhelming to me. “As you know dandelion seeds fly all over the place (from other gardens and open spaces) and self seed, so if I see anything I just pour boiling water on them. “Strangely enough I haven’t had the same success if dandelion plants are in my borders, but I still pour water on and it does take most of them down. I’ve done my driveway and the front of my house including the road edge.” READ MORE: 3 gardening jobs to do this weekend - plants to prune for more blooms Applying boiling water on weeds is one of the most cost-effective and environmentally friendly methods households can use to keep weeds at bay. Boiling water to kill weeds not only prevents toxic herbicides from entering the soil but can also kill down to the tap root. This can help permanently kill invasive weeds and help with long-term weed control. While the process of applying a hot water treatment on weeds is straightforward, proper application is essential for both your safety and receiving the best results. Start by boiling a large pot or kettle of water. The size of the weeded area should help you determine how much water you’ll need. Once the water is steaming hot and brought to a boil, carefully transfer the water to the weeded area. Slowly pour the boiling water on the weeds on your lawn, driveway cracks, or garden paths carefully avoiding any other desirable plants in the area. Repeat the above steps as necessary. In order to easily reach deep taproots, consider cutting the weeds down a bit, especially if they are growing in large clumps. This will allow more heated water to be used on the roots themselves, giving you a better chance at permanent results. Gardeners need to remember to properly dispose of any weeds they cut down to make sure they don’t grow back.