Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag's heartwarming reaction to Jadon Sancho's equaliser against Leeds United spoke volumes of his delight to have the 22-year-old back. Sancho was one of the few positives on a disappointing night at Old Trafford, where the Red Devils' 13-match winning streak ended on Wednesday. United conceded early in both halves through Wilfied Gnoto and a Raphael Varane own-goal and looked destined for a shock defeat against their managerless rivals. But Ten Hag's introduction of Facundo Pellistri and Sancho on the hour mark came up trumps, inspiring the hosts to a second-half comeback. Marcus Rashford netted his 20th goal of the season to draw one back, directing a Diogo Dalot cross home expertly with his head. And on 70 minutes, Sancho marked his second substitute cameo since returning to contention with an equaliser, showing how much it meant with an emotional celebration. Ten Hag's reaction told a story in itself, with the Dutchman producing a warm smile as he watched Sancho wheel away in delight in front of the Stretford End. JUST IN: Man Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after Leeds draw  The England international hadn't featured for United since October when he returned to action against Nottingham Forest last week. And Ten Hag will hope he can add a new dimension to his attack in the final few months of the season as his side battle on all fronts. After full-time, Sancho took to social media to react to his first goal since a three-month hiatus. He wrote: "I can't tell you how much I've missed this feeling! Team showed great character to stay in the game. We go again on the weekend." Ten Hag branded Sancho 'brilliant' and expressed his delight at his No 25's impact off the bench, suggesting he could thrive in a 'better' team than in his maiden campaign in England. DON'T MISS Man City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparisonMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag let down by four players in Leeds drawMan Utd's transfer flaw exposed in Leeds draw after going two down "I am very happy for him. Of course, also for the team because it is all about that," Ten Hag explained. "But I am happy for him. It will encourage him and will motivate him further on. He is in the right direction. "If he keeps going in this process, works hard, he can do even more, and he can really help us achieve our goals. Everyone is happy for him. We need him. He can contribute, he can create. "I think this team is much better than in his first season. We can play in the opponents' half, dictate the game and create chances." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here