Season 10 of Below Deck is back with a new location, a new boat and a new crew in the new first look at the upcoming season. But things don't appear to be smooth sailing between co-stars Hannah Ferrier and Captain of the St David, Sandy Yawn, following the premiere of the 10th season of the hit Bravo series. And the chief stew isn't holding back her thoughts on Captain Sandy,  following the debut of season 10 this week. After the hit Bravo series' first episode of season 10  aired on Monday, fans questioned Sandy’s interactions with the interior team compared to her time on Below Deck Mediterranean. Fans took to social media to comment on their confusion as to why Captain Sandy wasn’t more critical of the table decor this season, referring to her past criticism of Hannah’s job as a chief stew. The Below Deck ex-chief-stew piped up with a pointed reply: “Because it’s not me.” READ MORE: The Bachelor fans outraged promo clip 'exposes' next bachelorette There have always appeared to be rocky waters between the pair since the captain joined the franchise in season two. Although Hannah and Sandy didn’t always see eye-to-eye about how to run things on the boat, they were able to work together during charter season, in season five. But again their professional relationship hit a turning point when Bosun Malia White reported Ferrier for having Valium and a CBD vape pen in her cabin. The captain had fans divided regarding her decision to fire Hannah, who had been on the show since it first premiered in 2016. After the controversial exit premiered on Bravo, the pair continued to make headlines with their back and forth about the fall-out. At the time, the Australian native revealed that her former boss attempted to make contact with her since her departure. The TV personality told Us Weekly in May 2021: “She sent me a message when I announced my pregnancy and asked for an address to send something and I didn’t respond to it. "I sometimes feel with her, that she’s not honest with herself. Like she says, like, ‘Oh, it wasn’t personal." DON'T MISS:Al Roker called out by TODAY co-star for laughing on airOuter Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes Stranger Things season 5 release: Finn Wolfhard drops new update She added: “It’s kind of funny because Kat had prescription meds that Captain Lee had found out about and she didn’t get fired.” The star went on saying: “There wasn’t a need to fire me for that. It was a hundred percent personal, but I guess whatever helps you sleep at night.” Captain Sandy still defends her decision to fire Ferrier after she was found with prohibited items, claiming it was nothing personal. In September of 2021, she explained to Us: “When the trust level is broken for me as a captain, I’m not taking anybody to sea. People tried to take my licence over the years, really, because of things that happened with the crew.”  The Australian TV personality, who has been open about her struggles with anxiety, threw shade at Sandy when it came to conversations about mental health. In August 2021, the official account for Below Deck posted a clip of the crew discussing the “anxiety and worry” that came with newcomer Delaney Evans. In another swipe at the Captain, Hannah responded to the post, writing: “Hopefully you don’t need medication for that anxiety.” Below Deck Adventure airs on Bravo in the US and is available to stream on Hayu in the UK. 