It says everything about the meteoric rise of Union Berlin that the club's goalless draw with Schalke on Sunday brought a collective groan of disappointment. The German club could have ascended to the summit of the Bundesliga above Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund with a win, but being level on points with two of Germany's most famous clubs will have to do for now for the club dubbed the 'new Leicester City'. While comparisons with the Foxes' Premier League winners in 2015-16 are understandable given their low budget and unexpected success on the pitch so far in the 2022-23 campaign, Union's elevation to the top of German football has been perhaps even more remarkable, considering where the team only rejoined the German football league structure in 1990 after the reunification of Berlin. Union had competed in the lower tiers of German football the second tier of German football until 2019 when they won promotion to the Bundesliga for the first time in the club's history. Three years later, the club secured a fifth-placed finish and consequently qualified for the Europa League. The mastermind behind their rise is head coach Urs Fischer. Having assembled the team on a shoestring budget, Fischer and his key players such as Robin Knoche and Sheraldo Becker took Union to the top of the table after the first 10 games, with a four-point advantage over Bayern. Many expected them to drop off as the season went on, but they remain well in the hunt for the Bundesliga title. But if the players are exceeding expectations, one cannot mention Union Berlin without hailing their 12th man. Behind every historic football institution is a committed and passionate fanbase, where football is more than just a hobby but a way of life. But those who belong to Union Berlin have a different emotional attachment to their club, one that is rarely matched anywhere else in the world. Some clubs are keen to embrace their origins before moving into the modern times, but Union - as the name suggests - are proud to represent their working-class founders. Die Eisernen, which translates to 'The Iron Ones', is an ode to the metalworkers who helped form the club in Kopenick, an area of southeast Berlin formerly part of East Germany. Only 14 years ago, a story circulated that a total of 2,333 fans worked tirelessly to rebuild their club's stadium all by themselves, putting in over 140,000 man hours to complete the project. "I have never seen anything like that. It was a truly astonishing feat by those fans," said Jacob Sweetman, an English-born Berlin resident with close ties to the club, told Sky Sports. Even from a player's perspective, the experience is unique. Julian Ryerson has spoken of how the stands were full hours before the game as fans wanted to see players warm up, while midfielder Rani Khedira - brother of Germany international Sami Khedira - spoke about his first memories of the club. "They shout ‘Fußballgott’ after your name, and you just notice that it really comes from the heart, that they really give everything for this club," he said, as quoted by Khel. "Everyone who works here, they live for the club, they’re true fans and they’re just thankful to be able to work for this club.” The club are no longer just a national phenomenon, they are known all across Europe too after holding Ajax to a draw in the first leg of their last-16 knockout tie. Union fans were in dreamland when it was all but confirmed that former Real Madrid and Sevilla star Isco would be signing for the club on a short-term deal in January, only for the Spain international's move to fall through at the last hurdle. Three years ago, the very mention of the 29-year-old pulling on the red and white shirt would have drawn laughter from some quarters in Germany. But the very prospect of joining Union is now viewed as an attractive one. Indeed, the club broke their transfer record in January to sign Josip Juranovic from Celtic for £7.5million after his impressive displays with Croatia in Qatar. Now they are going after Bayern Munich's run of 10 consecutive title wins in Germany, which would go some way to dispelling the argument that the Bundesliga is merely a plaything for the Bavarians. But don't ask the players about a title challenge. Even when Union sat at the top of the table after 19 games with 39 points, captain Christopher Trimmel refused to get excited about a possible title challenge or even getting back into Europe. "We are enjoying the momentary snapshot but it is still a long, long way," Trimmel said. "We want to keep staying up there in the top spots there but we know we have to keep improving if we want to do that. There are a lot of good teams out there who have championship aspirations. Once we reach that goal (40 points) we will sit down and define new goals. We still have a lot of tough matches ahead of us." German football fans would love nothing more to see Bayern knocked off their perch and Borussia Dortmund or even RB Leipzig could still beat them to the punch. But armed with a vocal army of 22,000 fans every week and the players who embrace what the club is all about, few would begrudge underdogs Union celebrating on the streets of Berlin if they pull off one of the biggest shocks in Bundesliga history to take the crown themselves.