Saturday's BBC Breakfast saw a team of firefighters, who'd been at the centre of the rescue mission in Turkey and Syria, on the BBC sofa to talk about their heart-wrenching experiences. They spoke about saving people trapped in the collapsed buildings following last week's devastating earthquake, and among the team was rescue dog, Vespa, who viewers fell in love with.  "We are now delighted to be joined by three more - well, four more, actually - of the UK team who took part in the rescue effort in Turkey," host Nina Warhurst announced. Sat between two of the guests was Vespa, who had her eyes firmly fixed on the team member who sat opposite her, slowly waving a ball. "We should probably explain," co-host Charlie Stayt realised. "We'll explain the logistics here. "Over here we have a ball and that is why Vespa is absolutely glued to wherever the ball is." READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain As the team recounted their traumatising experience of trying to save people trapped beneath the rubble for days, Vespa provided some light relief. At one point, Charlie asked about the emotional impact on the rescue dogs and whether Vespa displayed signs of being struck by the scale of devastation. "There's different thoughts on that," Neive Darcy explained as the sat next to Vespa. "Dogs are eternally happy and they very much live in the moment.  "Vespa suffered conjunctivitis, and the two other dogs, working in that dust environment. She's been treated for that, she's on drops for that. "I think what was noticed after maybe 40, 45 searches, her tempo was a bit like, 'Oh, we haven't found anyone.' "But the working environment was so stressful where she's placing her paws, she just kept giving everything. "Because dogs work on hope, just like we do, that they're going to find somebody. DON'T MISS... David Jason's Still Open All Hours 'axed' by BBC [LATEST]EastEnders' Eve Unwin terrified for Suki Panesar over Nish [SPOILER]Will Mellor shares hope to start travel series ‘for the working class’ [EXCLUSIVE] "And so they just keep looking for that, and it's maybe a game to them, they're looking for live scents." "And they know when they get live scents, they get that over there," she added, pointing towards the ball. Viewers were impressed with Vespa and the other rescue dogs shown in the footage. Many took to social media to praise the BBC for acknowledging the heroic animals. Twitter user @thecharleslloyd tweeted: "Hurrah for #BBCBreakfast these two heroes are amazing. Thank you #BBCNews for sharing." @ziggy3111 added: "That dog is so cute #BBCBreakfast." @C00k13Pu55 shared: "Meanwhile in Vespa's head - gimme the ball..  gimme the ball.....GIMME THE DAMNED BALL! #BBCBreakfast." @Itt39354118 posted: "Broke my heart watching those rescue dogs #bbcbreakfast." "Shoutout to search and rescue dog Vespa who is super alert on #BBCBreakfast this morning," @mandapen posted. "Shoutout to Colin from the report, too, for sustaining an injured paw and having 8 stitches but getting back into the earthquake site the next day, to help the operations in Turkey." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.