Manchester City's future is plagued with several aspects of uncertainty after the Premier League accused the club of 115 breaches of financial rules. But a continued uncertain factor on the pitch is Bernardo Silva amid ongoing speculation that he is actively seeking to leave England. Silva was heavily linked with a departure ahead of the season as Barcelona pushed for his signature to potentially replace Frenkie de Jong. But a big-money transfer didn't come to fruition, and he is now midway through his sixth season at the Etihad Stadium. Barcelona are reportedly looking to return to the frame, while Benfica have also been touted to attempt to take him back to Lisbon this summer. However, Paris Saint-Germain have emerged as potential frontrunners to add Silva to their world-class attacking options. According to Le10 Sport, PSG are pushing to add the 28-year-old to their ranks, including Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Neymar. JUST IN: Man City won't get kicked out of league as Jordan gives latest verdict  The report claims Mbappe, Silva's team-mate at AS Monaco, and sporting director Luis Campos are keen to lure him to the Parc des Princes at the end of the season. However, with Silva under contract at City until 2025, the Premier League champions are under no pressure to cash in. The Citizens have placed a £70million price tag on the playmaker's head, stressing they won't offload him for anything less. Such a valuation is bound to rule Barcelona out unless they sell big, while Benfica's record transfer was worth less than £40m. PSG are in the brightest financial shape themselves, but Pep Guardiola proved with Joao Cancelo's sudden January exit that he is happy to let go of a player if they aren't fully committed to the cause. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag first manager quizzed on Man City chargesMan City 'have Pep Guardiola quit belief' amid Premier League rowMan Utd stars 'asking' if they can get Premier League winners medal Last summer, Silva admitted uncertainty over his City future, claiming he was unsure what would happen before the deadline, but the club 'knew what he wanted.' He said: "I've always said that I'm happy here, but I have no idea what's going to happen. We'll see, honestly. "My relationship with the club is very honest. I've been open with them and they know what I want. "If I stay, I'll be very happy, and I will always respect this club and give my best. If not, it's football, and we'll just see what happens." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here