Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are said to be "gunning for billionaire status" after reaping the rewards of their many media deals, according to reports. An insider close to the couple claimed they "suddenly have hundreds of millions of dollars at their disposal" and are eager to "cash in" on their heightened publicity. This comes as the pair have hired top celebrity dealmaker Adam Lilling to negotiate more projects for them, after they were introduced by mutual friend Ellen DeGeneres. Last year saw the release of Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary series and Meghan's podcast Archetypes, with Harry's memoir Spare being published in January. According to sources the Sussexes have plans to become "next-level rich". The insider said: "Harry and Meghan know they’re hot stuff right now and are eager to cash in. They’re gunning for billionaire status and willing to go all-out to achieve that. "Their savings are beyond their wildest dreams. They have more money than they know what to do with – which is why they’ve hired someone to help." Since relocating to the US in 2020 the couple have been living in a £12.3million ($15million) mansion in Montecito, California with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. It is thought Mr Lilling will be able to help the Sussexes further their brand in the US, after their successful deals with Netflix, Spotify and Penguin Random House. READ MORE: Everyone is 'fed up' with Sussexes as they went too far, says ex-MP The insider added: "There will be plenty of projects for Adam to negotiate. With new book deals in the pipeline and movie cameos – they're open to anything." US 'PR to the stars' Mayah Riaz told The Mirror: "It would be naive to not expect Harry and Meghan to make a commercial move post their Netflix series and Spare. "The Netflix series was tailored for the American audience and it shows that there is an appetite for the Duke and Duchess in the States." DON'T MISS:Harry chose 'nastiest, dirtiest, cheapest' method to vent frustration  [LATEST]South Park joke about Meghan's relationship with Michelle Obama [SPOTLIGHT]Radio host speaks of 'arrest' fear for trying to leave a Meghan event [REVEAL]  She explained: "Meghan had a career before moving into the Royal Family. "Now that they are not working Royals, should this mean that she should not make a move back into TV? I don't think so. "She may not take a role in a long-running series. However, I absolutely can see her making a cameo." The next Netflix project for the couple will be Heart of Invictus, a series showcasing the stories of competitors in the Invictus Games from across the world, which will be broadcast later this year.