Prince William has said he's "delighted" to become the Royal Patron of the Wales Air Ambulance charity. The news was announced ahead of his visit to the headquarters of the charity with Kate, Princess of Wales this afternoon. It is the first Welsh patronage the Prince has received since becoming the title of Prince of Wales in September. The patronage is fitting as William worked as an air ambulance pilot for the East Anglian Air Ambulance, so has seen first-hand the impact these responders have upon the lives of patients with critical injuries. He took to Twitter to speak of his pride of becoming patron, writing: "Delighted to become Patron of this wonderful charity today!" The Prince of Wales met with emergency workers, volunteers and supporters on Tuesday where he and Kate learned about the charity's recent activities across Wales. In his first actions as the charity's patron, he called on emergency workers to prioritise their mental health, according to a statement by Kensington Palace. As part of their visit, Kate and William also officially opened a new Patient and Family Room that will be used by the Wales Air Ambulance Aftercare Service. READ MORE: Prince William becomes royal patron of Wales Air Ambulance Since its foundation in 2001, the charity has achieved close to 45,000 missions and has been on alert 24 hours a day all year round. Wales Air Ambulance, often dubbed "Flying ED", operates out of four airbases in Caernarfon, Llanelli, Welshpool and Cardiff. Before flying a patient to specialist care, the charity provides advanced critical care, delivers blood transfusion, administers anaesthesia and performs emergency operations at the scene of an incident. DON'T MISS:Kate 'hugely embarrassed' after cheeky moment with William captured [REPORT]Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' [REPORT]William and Charles are 'incredibly close' as pair bond over Harry row [REPORT] Sue Barnes, Chief Executive of the Wales Air Ambulance Charity, said: "It is an immense honour for our charity to welcome His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales as our Royal Patron. This announcement comes not just a day before St David's Day but also the day before our charity celebrates its 22nd birthday. "The Prince has first-hand experience of working in the unique and often challenging air ambulance environment. His work, along with The Princess, in highlighting the need dor mental health support for frontline emergency workers is something that is appreciated and wholeheartedly supported by our charity. "We look forward to our new relationship with The Prince as our charity continues to support a lifesaving service for the people of Wales." Prince William served as a pilot in the East Anglian Air Ambulance from 2015 to 2017. READ NEXT:Harry says William 'suggested Brexit was bulls**t' Prince Harry humiliated as Americans say Prince William is betterRoyal fans spot throwback detail in Kate's new rugby picturesKate and William share new behind-the-scenes pics from Wales v EnglandPrince George's school accepted £2.2m from Putin's childhood friend