In a first look at tonight's Love Island, the Islander who is coupled up with Lana Jenkins receives a mystery text message and immediately tells the housemates what was in store later that evening. However, things quickly take a turn when Kai Fagan issues a stark warning to the boys. Shouting out to his co-stars, Ron read: “Islanders it’s time to get glam hit the red carpet and some popcorn." “It’s movie night #blockbuster #Thrillerinthevilla," he went on to add in a first look of tonight's antics. As the housemates looked around surprised at Ron’s announcement, a stunned Tanya exclaims: “No." Which leads Shaq to ask: “Is there anything you want to tell me?” READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Meanwhile, as the boys get ready for a night of entertainment, fellow Islander Kai warns his fellow housemates to prepare themselves for the night ahead. “Just prepare yourself," he said as the contestants got glammed up for the evening of activities. The girls and boys were then put into groups and are pitted against each other. The evening of entertainment started with a quiz. and each time they got a question right, the winning team could choose an unseen clip from the show so far. Within minutes the girls win the right to pick the first film after answering the first question correctly. The choices include Free Will-Y, The Fast and the Curious, and No Time to Kai. With the girls getting first dibs on the film choice, which clip will they opt for, and which male Islander will be the star? Movie night comes after Love Island fans blasted the controversial segment of the series. DONT MISS: Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [NEWS] Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [NEWS] Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [LATEST] Last year's Movie Night saw contestants showing clips of what occurred when couples were separated. The uncomfortable segment resulted in TV watchdog Ofcom revealing that it was the most complained about TV event of 2022. Fans took to Twitter to comment on the return of Movie Night with many branding the producers as “messy” for including it in 2023’s show. Sharing their thoughts about the upcoming movie night on social media, Twitter user @nessadex tweeted: “Nah the producers are messy, fully waited for Shaq and Tanya to get back together before unleashing Movie Night #loveisland." @daisyr___ added: "This is going to be one messy movie night as everyone has gone rogue this year # I love island." Whilechubbytoesss said: "MOVIE NIGHT!!!! The way my mouth dropped omggg!!! Let’s gooooo #loveisland." (sic) While user @margerinis posted: "The villa is a house of cards and this movie night is the wind #loveisland." Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX