Nuno Espirito Santo has emerged as a new option for Leeds to replace Jesse Marsch, reports claim. The Portuguese is currently the manager of Saudi Arabian club Al-Ittihad after being sacked by Tottenham 15 months ago. Leeds were hoping to secure their new manager quickly after dismissing Marsch on Monday. Chairman Andrea Radrizzani tweeted earlier this week that he was hoping for news on Tuesday evening or Wednesday morning but an appointment does not look to be imminent. West Brom boss Carlos Corberan was a top target for the Elland Road side. But he rejected the opportunity and has since signed a new contract with the Baggies. Rayo Vallecano head coach Andoni Iraola has also been one of the favourites to land the job. But the Spanish side have knocked back Leeds' approach despite their willingness to pay compensation. READ MORE: Tottenham assistant Stellini reveals Conte's heartwarming gesture after return  Radrizzani now has to look elsewhere and the Daily Star claims Nuno is a potential option. The 49-year-old had four years in charge of Wolves, where he got them promoted out of the Championship and consolidated a position in the top flight, before leaving at the end of the 2020/21 season. He replaced Jose Mourinho at Tottenham but despite achieving the club's best start in the Premier League, he was relieved of his duties in November 2021. Nuno became boss of Al-Ittihad last July but is now linked with a move back to England with Leeds. The Star says Feyenoord boss Arne Slot is also an option for the Yorkshire-based club. However, Slot says he has not heard anything from Leeds. He said: "I’ve read the news but I haven’t seen anything on my phone. What will I do when a message comes in from Leeds? Open the message." DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw  Leeds caretaker manager Michael Skubala looks set to remain in charge for this Sunday's match at home to Manchester United. He oversaw the 2-2 draw against the same opponents at Old Trafford on Wednesday. An early Wilfried Gnonto strike and a Raphael Varane own goal put Leeds 2-0 up. However, the Red Devils fought back through Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho to take a point. Leeds sit 16th in the table, with just four wins from their 21 matches so far this season. They haven't won in the league since a 4-3 win over Bournemouth in November.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here