A former US federal judge has warned Samantha Markle against pursuing her legal case against her half-sister Meghan Markle as she could end up paying millions of dollars in legal fees. Samantha has been suing Meghan in a longstanding defamation lawsuit in which she alleges that Meghan "published and disseminated false and malicious lies designed to destroy [her] reputation" and exposed her to "humiliation, shame and hatred on a worldwide scale" in order to paint a false narrative of her childhood. The Duchess of Sussex struck back with a motion to dismiss - a motion filed when someone believes that the complaint is invalid - that has now been pending for a whole year. If Meghan is successful in dismissing the case, Samantha will have to pay her full legal fees, according to former US federal prosecutor Mitchel Epner. Mr Epner, who now practices at the NYC firm Rottenberg Lipman Rich P.C., told Express.co.uk: "If Meghan Markle is successful in dismissing, then under what’s called the anti-SLAPP, she would be in a position to get her legal fees paid for by the plaintiff." He added: "The threat to Samantha Markle that she might end up having to pay Meghan Markle’s legal fees, which given how long this case has gone on, we’re clearly in excess of $100,000. That’s a significant threat to Samantha Markle." The longer the case, the more expensive it will get, he said - potentially reaching millions of dollars. However, if the case goes past the motion to dismiss stage, then the ability of Meghan Markle to get her legal fees from Samantha Markle goes away. READ MORE: Prince Harry's rare glimpse into his Montecito mansion with Meghan "The anti-SLAPP statute only applies if you win on the initial motion to dismiss," he said. Mr Epner, who practised law in this area, believes the case will go in Meghan's favour, as the claims made by Meghan do not appear to be grounds for a defamation lawsuit. He said: "Under US defamation law, the defamatory statement has to be considered in the context in which it was said. You can’t just strip out one phrase - that’s not the way it works." The lawsuit lists statements that Meghan made about Samantha in the Oprah interview, as well as sections of "Finding Freedom," a biography written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, which has a chapter titled "A Problem Like Samantha."  Meghan's lawyers said to make a claim for defamation, Samantha has to allege facts that are provable. Statements that are mere opinions cannot be defamatory. The defence said that everything that has been alleged here is an "opinion". For example, Meghan states that her "only child" statement is a "textbook example of opinion." When it comes to claims in "Finding Freedom," the motion says that Samantha "does not and cannot allege that Meghan actually wrote the book or wrote the complained-of statements". As a result, Mr Epner said, as is common practice for US judges, the judge could wait for Meghan and Samantha to reach a settlement. Florida District Judge Charlene Edwards Honeywell is yet to decide whether a trial will go ahead but said discovery must continue in the meantime. DON'T MISS:Meghan wows in 'classic' Californian look with Princess Diana's watch [REPORT] Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' [REPORT] Prince Harry labelled 'breathtaking narcissist' over apology ultimatum [REPORT] Mr Epner explained it is "unusual" that a judge would allow a motion to dismiss to stay pending for "that long" without taking action. He said: "I think it is possible that the entire case will be dismissed. The best piece of hope that Samantha Markle has is that earlier Meghan Markle had made a motion to stay discovery, meaning not have the case move forward because the case was going to be dismissed. "And the judge said that some parts of this complaint seem like they could be dismissible - not everything is clearly dismissible on its face. "That would give a plaintiff some hope that they’re going to survive the motion to dismiss. Here the judge has ordered the parties to mediation which has to take place by the end of June." His guess is that the judge will - having sat on that motion to dismiss for a year now - "wait until seeing whether or not the parties could come to a solution in mediation." READ NEXT:Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's CoronationMeghan and Harry were forced to 'sack' Archie's nanny after 'incident'Meghan is 'most notably' inspired by an 'elegant' royalPrince Harry's book scuppered one of Meghan's 'biggest ambitions'Meghan raised eyebrows with dress for forgotten engagement shoot