Arsenal have a triple boost in their potential pursuit of Barcelona's Ansu Fati, according to reports. The Gunners are one of a number of teams claimed to be interested in signing the Spain international. Fati was once dubbed the heir to Lionel Messi's throne at Barca. He burst onto the scene as a 16-year-old and immediately showed the world his undoubted potential. However, injury problems have severely restricted his game time in recent seasons. In the last two full campaigns, he made just 25 appearances in all competitions. Fati is back fit and has featured 31 times already this season. However, only nine of them have been as a starter and that is starting to prove a problem. Spanish outlet La Vanguardia says Arsenal and north London rivals Tottenham are interested in Fati. Bayern Munich are also named but the report says their interest is to a lesser extent, while other reports from Germany claim the Bundesliga giants are not in for the 20-year-old. READ MORE: Haaland 'makes request to lawyers' with Man City star planning to jump ship  Bayern being out of the running is the first boost to Arsenal, giving them a clearer run to a possible deal. Secondly, La Vanguardia claims Barca may well need to sell an expensive player this summer. Fati has always been seen as non-transferable and coaching staff at the Nou Camp still see it that way. However, they may not have a say in whether the forward stays or not. Barca's financial situation means they need to raise cash from somewhere. The report claims they will look at off-field sources such as sponsors but the reality is the departure of a player such as Fati will go much further to balancing the books. Barca's stance seems to be softening on a player who has a release clause of £888million (€1billion) in his contract. Arsenal could test their resolve with an offer in the summer. DON'T MISSBilly Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertMan Utd takeover: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove Glazers  Fati is still claimed to want to succeed at Barca. But his lack of minutes, as well as speculation over his future, is said to be affecting him emotionally. And that leads to the third boost for Arsenal. The report claims Fati's representatives are open to a move elsewhere for their client. It is reported that 'anything can happen' if he remains an impact player under Xavi. The Barca boss recently spoke on Fati's future and insisted on patience. Xavi said: "You have to be patient with him, things will work out for him. We trust him a lot. He has a tremendous mentality and he is a club asset. Patience, he needs time, this is not the time to talk about sales." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 