Graeme Souness has warned Declan Rice's potential suitors that he could eventually end up being converted back into a defender. The England international lynchpin is now approaching the final 12 months of his West Ham contract, meaning the Hammers could be forced to cash in on their captain to avoid losing him on a free transfer at the end of the 2023/24 campaign. Arsenal have made Rice one of their top summer transfer targets, while Chelsea remain firm admirers of their former academy player. Manchester United and Manchester City have also shown interest in the past and both clubs cannot be ruled out in the race for Rice's services. However, pundit Souness has warned potential buyers that Rice's future could lie in central defence, as he does not impact the game enough up the other end of the field. Souness claims all central midfielders must be "creative, chip in with goals and have a defensive head at all times," as he referenced in his Daily Mail column. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges But in his view, Rice only does one expertly and that could lead to a positional change later in his career. The former Liverpool captain wrote: "This role is a vital part of any team because in an ideal world, it’s multidimensional. You are creative, you chip in with goals and you’ve got a defensive head at all times. "Even when you’re on the front foot, you are thinking: ‘We are vulnerable if we lose possession.’ If you’ve got all three of those attributes, you’re worth your weight in gold. For me, Rice has just one of them. "Judge him on the defensive aspect alone and you would have to say he’s the best in the country in that position. He’s mobile and athletic. He covers the ground very easily and snuffs out a lot of the danger before it becomes a big problem for West Ham. "It’s when you come to the other two important parts of being a central midfield player that I do think Rice is a bit short. Factor those in and I would have to say he’s not the best in that position. "He doesn’t score enough goals and he’s not terribly creative. He influences games by preventing West Ham conceding, not because of the creative pictures he has in his head as he plays. His numbers - seven goals and ten assists in 188 Premier League games - tells us a lot." ON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Rice's future position is likely to depend on his next manager but as one of the world's top defensive midfielders, it's almost certain that he will be playing at the base of midfield moving forward. At the start of his senior West Ham career, Rice became accustomed to playing in a back-three at the London Stadium before later moving into a midfield role. He has also played at the back for England, although it is clear that his priority position is as a No 6 in the engine room. Rice is almost offended by claims he is better as a central defender, however, something he documented in October 2021 when he stated he has "too much ability" to be playing at the back. "It's laughable," said Rice. "I think you can see in my game I'm never a centre-back. I feel like I've got too much ability to be playing at the back. "I want to be progressive and athletic. I feel like I can do that in a midfield sense. I feel like now I'm not just a holding midfielder anymore. "I was always labelled as one that just sits in front of the back four, I really now want to see myself as a box-to-box player where I can get up and down and start creating things as well as getting back and helping the team as well. There is still a long way to go and I can improve so much. "I feel like as I've progressed and got taller, stronger and better on the ball I've moved into midfield I've built the confidence to play there. Now that is where I feel I influence the game the most. I feel like if I went back to the back I wouldn't have much impact on the game."