A Nigerian trader has alleged that his harrowing journey to the UK was due to his being made the victim of an organ harvesting plot. The 21-year-old from Lagos was allegedly trafficked into the country by a wealthy Nigerian politician to harvest his kidney and donate it to his daughter, a court heard on Tuesday. The man alleges that he was deceived and lured into Britain with the promise of a job but instead was lined up for a kidney transplant. The individual, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was seen crying in footage shown in the Old Bailey on Tuesday as he claimed to have "no papers" at Staines Police Station. Ike Ekweremadu, 60, alongside his wife Beatrice, 56, daughter Sonia, and medical "middleman" Obinna Obeta, 50, are accused of collaborating to arrange or facilitate the young man's visit to Britain with the aim of exploiting him and transplanting his kidney to Sonia. The young man allegedly received coaching before contacting doctors in London and was told to falsely identify himself as Ms Ekerewadu's relative. But when doctors found out he was not a suitable candidate, he rushed out of the hospital and slept rough for three days on the street. The man reportedly told police: "He [Ike Ekweremadu] carried me to hospital to remove my kidneys. The doctor said I was too young but the man said if you do not do it here he would carry me back to Nigeria and do it there." When told he was in Staines, he said: "I don't know anywhere, I don't know where I am. I was sleeping three days outside around, looking for someone to help me, save my life." In his testimony, he told the jury that he initially believed Oberta, the middle man, had been "sent from God" and that he had been brought to the UK to work. Until he learnt the true reason for his visit when he went to the Royal Free Hospital. The young man told the jury: "Nobody told me about kidney transplant," adding he was "shocked" and felt like crying.   The Home Office received his visa application, which stated that he wanted to travel to the UK with his "cousin" Sonia to donate his kidney to Sonia Chinoso Ekweremadu at Royal Free Hospital London "in appreciation for her sacrifices towards me, my family and our community." It added: "I am willing to put my life on the line for her to live and continue her good service to humanity." "Finally, I wish to say that I will be travelling in company with my uncle Obinna Abalgou, he has been a father figure, since I lost my biological father". The alleged victim also told police in a videotaped interview that he was treated like a "slave" at the London house where he was staying. He claimed he was told he had no choice but to proceed with the operation in exchange for 1.2 million naira (around £2,000). He said: "I was afraid because I don't know what they are going to do to me." The Ekweremadus are facing charges of conspiring to traffick a person for organ harvesting in violation of the Modern Slavery Act 2015. Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu and Ike Ekweremadu are charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting. The Ekweremadus, who live in Willesden Green, north-west London, and Obeta, who lives in Southwark, south London, deny the charge. The trial continues.