Orchids can make a great addition to any home aesthetically but they can also improve air quality. There are a plethora of orchid varieties but the most popular type is the phalaenopsis, also known as the moth orchid. While pretty, these houseplants have unique requirements that should be taken into consideration when caring for them. With this in mind, Wendy Rea, expert florist and business manager at Direct2Florist has shared her advice exclusively with Express.co.uk for watering and repotting orchids. Wendy said orchids require a specific amount of water, which can vary depending on the species. She continued: “In general, it's best to water your orchid once a week, making sure the soil is evenly moist but not waterlogged as unlike many other houseplants, they don't like to sit in water and this can also cause the plant to rot. “Water the plant from above with fresh water - you can also do this with contained rainwater - for about 10-15 seconds and then allow the plants to drain for around 10-15 minutes to ensure that the potting mixture is dried out. READ MORE: Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine “Avoid getting too much water on the leaves or flowers, as this can cause damage.” Orchids should be potted in a well-draining potting mix, according to the expert. Well-draining potting mix can be bought from any local gardening centre or hardware store. Wendy has shared her “procedure” for repotting orchids and the signs you need to look out for which signify your orchid needs planting in a new pot. DON'T MISSMethod to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [INSIGHT]5 things to plant in containers now for ‘beautiful’ lasting blooms [UPDATE]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [ANALYSIS] Wendy suggested: “Remove your orchid from its current container and trim the dead roots from the plants to prevent any rot and stimulate new growth. “Add the plant to your pot and cover the roots with your orchid mix before watering. “The same procedure goes for repotting your orchid, in order to keep it healthy, which should be done around once a year. “Telltale signs that your plant needs repotting are that the roots will either have softened too much or are tangled. Avoid over-potting, however, as this can cause root rot.” Pruning your orchid at the correct time will keep your orchid “healthy for years”. Orchids can be pruned by “removing any yellow or brown leaves and cutting back the stem of the orchid to just above a node”. READ MORE: Stop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A node is the small bump on the stem that may contain a new shoot or root. Leave a few inches of stem to allow for new growth. Orchids thrive in bright, indirect sunlight but will dry out if placed in areas bright, direct sunlight or if left next to heat sources like radiators. To check whether your plant is healthy, look at the colour of the leaves for reference. If the leaves are a healthy green colour then your plant is healthy and is receiving the correct amount of sunlight. Orchids need to be placed in an environment with a stable temperature, so it's best to keep them away from windows and radiators. Wendy said: “Orchids thrive in environments with high humidity. You can increase humidity around your orchid by misting it regularly or placing its pot on a tray of water and pebbles, which will create a beautiful table aesthetic.” Orchids require regular fertilising to stay healthy. This needs to be done every two to four weeks during its growing season, which is typically spring and summer.