Police have arrested almost 50 people accused of running a scam to help British expats in Spain - including at least three criminals on the run from the authorities - to obtain post-Brexit residence permits illegally, police have said. Two separate gangs, comprising a total of 47 people operating in Marbella in the south of the country, as well as in the Spanish enclave of Ceuta on the coast of North Africa, were detained yesterday. Police say they were providing Britons with fake documents, such as rental contracts, bank statements and bills, in order to qualify for residency, for which they would pay the equivalent of just over £1,300. A police statement explained: "Both networks, which had no links between them, used the same modus operandi to regularise British nationals, obtaining a profit of around €1,600 per person.” Following the end of the Brexit transition period in 2021, UK citizens no longer have the automatic right to live and work in Spain. However, in accordance with the Withdrawal Agreement, people who were able to demonstrate they were living in the country before the end of 2020 by providing such documents mentioned above could obtain residency more simply than anyone trying to move there after Brexit. So far officials officials have identified 120 residency requests applied for using false documents supplied by the two gangs. At least requests were from "criminals who aimed to hide" in Malaga on the Costa del Sol, which is home to a large British ex-pat community, police said. The investigation was launched in April 2021 after police noticed a surge in residency applications from Britons in Malaga. As a result, three ringleaders of the gang in Marbella, and two in Ceuta, were arrested. Among those arrested were three of the suspected heads of the gang that operated in Marbella, and two of the leaders of the ring from Ceuta. Suspects face charges of membership of a criminal organisation, as well as aiding illegal immigration and document fraud. In late 2021, the British embassy in Madrid issued a warning against UK citizens submitting fraudulent residency applications. A statement explained: “The Spanish authorities have asked us to warn UK Nationals against submitting fraudulent residency applications, either directly or through a third party. “They are particularly on the alert for forged healthcare insurance, padrón certificates and lease contracts, as well as people falsely claiming student status.” Using a Spanish word referring to a private professional agent specialising in dealing with Spanish bureaucracy, the statement added: “Of course, this only applies to a very small minority, but it is useful as a reminder that if you are using a gestor, do make sure they are as reputable as possible. “We recommend using the online database of registered gestores [on our website] or asking for personal recommendations from people you trust. “And if you are submitting your application yourself it is important to provide as much documentation as possible to avoid being turned down for lack of evidence of having moved to Spain before 1 January 2021.” UK nationals make up the fourth-largest foreign community in Spain. As of the start of last year, there were roughly 290,000 Britons legally living in the country at the start of 2022, according to the national statistics office.