Nicola Bulley's sister has shared a poignant tribute after police confirmed the body in the River Wyre was her missing sibling. Louise Cunningham has been at the centre of the “Bring Nikki Back Home” social media campaign and today shared a yellow heart on Facebook in memory of her older sister.    Friends and people from her old school in Essex are urging people to “spread the love for Nikki” and have shared tributes. Ms Bulley's body was discovered in reeds in the River Wyre in Lancashire, less than a mile from where the mum-of-two disappeared on January 27. At the time of her disappearance she was walking her dog Willow along the river in the village of St Michael's upon Wyre. She had just dropped her two daughters, who are aged six and nine, off at their school.   Her friend Emma White wrote: “Team Nikki came together on the 27th of January in the efforts to raise awareness of the missing Nicola Bulley. “24 days of hope and efforts to bring Nikki home we sadly were brought the news that none of us wanted, Nikki had been found sadly in the river. Our hearts are broken, we continue to support the family. “We take a moment to thank every single one of you for the support, messages and for making this group special in keeping things real. “We will continue to spread the love for Nikki. We have a post for posting messages to family and friends.” READ MORE: Rishi Sunak slams airbrushing of Roald Dahl books    Ms Bulley was born in Essex and then moved to Lancashire with her parents and sister in the late 1990s. Mail Online reports that a spokesperson for her former secondary school in Essex, William de Ferrers School in South Woodham, said: “It is with great sadness that we have learned of the passing of former William de Ferrers student, Nicola Bulley. “Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with Nicola's family and friends, many of whom are within our own South Woodham Ferrers community. “We would like to respect the families privacy at this most difficult time.” DON'T MISSTeacher with size Z breasts insists they’re real [PICTURED]Biden enters Ukraine via train for 'historic' meeting [REPORT]Kate Forbes says she would have voted against gay marriage [ANALYSIS]  Ms Bulley's body was found on Sunday by two walkers who contacted police to report what they believed was a body in the water. Yesterday Lancashire Police confirmed that it was the missing 45-year-old. In a statement the police said: "Our thoughts are with [Nicola Bulley's family] at this time as well as with all her loved ones and the wider community. "We recognise the huge impact that Nicola’s disappearance has had on her family and friends, but also on the people of St Michael’s. "We would like to thank all of those who have helped during what has been a hugely complex and highly emotional investigation. "Today’s development is not the outcome any of us would have wanted, but we hope that it can at least start to provide some answers for Nicola’s loved ones, who remain foremost in our thoughts."  