Nigel Farage has let rip at globalist Rejoiners and Michael Gove after reports Mr Gove attended a Brexit summit along with Labour MP David Lammy and other members of Sir Keir Starmer’s Labour cabinet at Ditchely Park in Oxfordshire. On his GB News show, Mr Farage said: “These were the chief globalist Remainers, now Rejoiners, but what the hell was Michael Gove and a couple of other senior retired Conservatives, what in God’s name were they doing there?”  He added: “What we’ve been told is they were trying to deal with the economic failings of Brexit [and] the need to get back into a closer relationship with the European Union.” Mr Farage was joined on his programme by ex-Brexit MEP and London-based businessman, Ben Habib. READ MORE: Brexiteers fear Gove's covert summit could bolster EU army plans  Mr Habib noted he had been sceptical of Mr Gove’s Brexit stance since 2017. He said: “I don’t think Michael Gove is a Brexiteer. The balloon went up for me back in 2017 when he said we can’t leave the EU without a deal.” On the Brexit deal Mr Habib said the people who negotiated the agreement were “clearly incompetent”. He added: “What triggered me was [George] Osborne saying we’d have a massive recession if we voted to leave…we were absolutely fine.” In response to Mr Habib’s comments, Mr Farage said there were those saying Britain was not currently in a strong position. The former leader of UKIP said: “The British economy is flatlining. We have business confidence at the lowest levels I’ve known for decades, the beginning of a brain drain, and a lot of thinktanks suggesting we’re losing several percentage points of our GDP every year as a direct result of Brexit.” Mr Habib, however, disagreed. He said: “It’s completely wrong. They’re conflating issues and attributing to Brexit failed Conservative Party policy for 13 years. “The whole point about Brexit was to create an independent nimble trading nation that is the UK putting British national interests first and unhooking ourselves from the EU.” Mr Habib’s conclusion was that it wasn’t Brexit that had failed, but that Brexit had failed to be delivered in the way it should have been. The argument over the impact of Brexit on Britain continues as the country tries to grow its economy at the same speed as other countries.