 The letter, from "National Action London", read: "Shola you are a constant troublemaker and liar who appears on television frequently. You make a shabby living from criticising and race grifting against ethnic white europeans and our country. We have placed you on our kill list and intent to kill you, your children and your husband. "You have gone too far and it is now time for you to pay the price. You are a filfthy ugly troublemaking n*****. You look like a gorilla and probably smell just like one. What is that thing on your head, it looks like a turd, a big lump of s***. We are looking forward to seeing your blood spill. "You are somebody who should never be allowed to breathe our air and take up space in our country." The letter then goes on to make derogatory and racist comments towards Dr Shola. It later threatens Dr Mos-Shogbamimu and her family again, as the group say they plan to "execute" the media commentator. It continued: "We are notifying you of our intention to kill you and your family. We do not consider this to be murder, you are all filfthy parasitic monkeys. We have guns and knives and are watching your house. "We will be following you as you walk around your area. "It is only a matter of time before you receive your punishment, your execution." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry would 'hopefully fade into obscurity' National Action is listed on the government website as a "neo-Nazi group" that was established in 2013. The description of the group explains: "It has a number of branches across the UK, which conduct provocative street demonstrations and stunts aimed at intimidating local communities. Its activities and propaganda materials are particularly aimed at recruiting young people. "The group is virulently racist, anti-Semitic and homophobic. Its ideology promotes the idea that Britain will inevitably see a violent ‘race war’, which the group claims it will be an active part of. The group rejects democracy, is hostile to the British state and seeks to divide society by implicitly endorsing violence against ethnic minorities and perceived ‘race traitors’. "National Action’s online propaganda material, disseminated via social media, frequently features extremely violent imagery and language. It condones and glorifies those who have used extreme violence for political or ideological ends." DON'T MISS:Two days without my mobile phone made me feel 'extremely lonely' [INSIGHT]Texas street race descends into chaos as spectators ‘set on fire’ [COMMENT]Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after quake [PICTURES]  Dr Mos-Shogbamimu received support in the comment section as people urged her to report the letter to the police. India Willougby, a broadcaster, also claimed she had received a similar letter sent to her accountant. She tweeted: "My accountant just called. He’s received a letter today - hand-delivered - no stamp. Threatening to kill me. Because I’m trans. Full of graphic detail about what they are going to do. Passed on to the police. This is what Brit Media, the GC movement and the Gov have done." Dr Mos-Shogbamimu also said she had received anonymous "phone calls" since receiving the hand-delivered letter.