Gabby Agbonlahor doesn't believe Gary Neville was 'serious' when predicting that Manchester United would finish above Arsenal in the Premier League this season. Neville has garnered criticism from Gunners fans for his reluctance to name them title favourites and further ruffled feathers with the bold United claim. In January, after Arsenal beat Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in the north London derby, Martin Tyler asked whether they would beat Manchester City to their first title since 2004. But Neville went one further with his response, backing his former club to finish higher than Arsenal amid their run of winning form under Erik ten Hag. "No [Arsenal won't win the league]. But I said Leicester wouldn't win the league," Neville told Sky Sports. "They won't win the league. Manchester City will win the league, and I think Man Utd will finish second, and I know that will annoy Arsenal fans!" Arsenal have since defeated United 3-2 at the Emirates Stadium, moving 11 points clear of the Red Devils at the Premier League summit. DON'T MISS: Chelsea new boy Fernandez starts vs Fulham as Aubameyang axed  And Agbonlahor thinks, deep down, Neville 'knows' Mikel Arteta's side will finish ahead of United, despite his bold prediction. Exclusively speaking to Express Sport with Grosvenor Sport, he said: "I think when Gary Neville says things, he's talking like I would if I was talking about Aston Villa against our rivals. "He's saying that tongue-in-cheek for me, and he's not serious. I think he's just looking at it as 'I'm not letting Arsenal win the league'. "He doesn't want to let Arsenal [win the league] because Gary Neville at Manchester United had their battles against the Vieira era at Arsenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  "He will dislike Arsenal, so the thought of Arsenal being ahead of Manchester United is unthinkable for him.  "But deep down, he knows the way Arsenal are playing that, after all, they will finish ahead of Manchester United.  "You know he's a very good pundit, but sometimes it's tongue-in-cheek comments like that which he doesn't really believe."  Arsenal are five points clear of Man City, having played a game less, and are likely United's only hope of preventing their rivals from winning a third successive title - matching their long-standing record. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!