Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy has admitted that he spent two weeks accidentally labelling his team-mates as ‘motherf*****s’ during his time at Celta Vigo as a player. McCarthy has been a key influence behind the scenes at Old Trafford this season following his eyebrow-raising appointment by Erik ten Hag at the start of his tenure. The 45-year-old has predominantly worked with United’s attacking stars, helping to revive the career of Marcus Rashford. And it is the experience of the former South Africa international that may be key in how he can advise the Red Devils’ talented prospects. Speaking in 2017, McCarthy spoke about his three-year stint in Spain and how his unfamiliarity with the language made him a laughing stock of the squad for a matter of weeks. He told FourFourTwo: “My agent persuaded me that Spain was the place with the best teams and the best lifestyle. I should have done more research. I didn’t realise how difficult it would be to learn Spanish, and not a single person spoke English at Celta. “I had to guess what people were saying to me, or what they wanted. I watched TV with my little book full of words and learned Spanish. My team-mates would teach me all the wrong things. They told me that the words for ‘good guy’ were ‘you motherf*****’. So for two weeks I was going up to people all over Vigo and calling them motherf******!” McCarthy struggled for minutes under Victor Fernandez at Celta Vigo, making 66 appearances for the club over the course of four seasons but rarely starting matches. He scored 10 La Liga goals during that time, prompting Porto to acquire his services on loan before making the move permanent in 2002. McCarthy revealed that he believes it was the language barrier that initially prevented him from flourishing at Vigo, but felt that a goal against their fierce rivals ensured that he is fondly remembered by the club. He continued: “The lack of Spanish affected my game because I didn’t know what the manager wanted. I played off instinct and everyone had a go at me because I did the wrong things, but after eight months I could speak Spanish. “Living in Vigo made me grow up. After costing the club so much money, I was under pressure to perform, and I got criticism at the start. I felt pressure for the first time in my life. But things worked out well and the Celta fans took a liking to me. Scoring goals against their rivals Deportivo and celebrating wildly helped a lot.”