 Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, has been branded by his past dating history as fans believe he will only date women of a certain age. However, he is reportedly “really bothered” by this and despite recent speculation involving him and a 19-year-old model, the actor is said to be “very single” at the moment.   The Titanic star has borne the brunt of Hollywood romance jokes as all of his confirmed romances in life have been with women aged 25 and under. The theory gained traction online when Leonardo split with his ex-girlfriend, Camila Morrone, last year just weeks after she turned 25. However, a source close to the star has now told the Daily Mail that Leonardo is simply seeking a “real” and “more mature” relationship. They noted that Leonardo is “not keen on the hype suggesting that he is seeking out these very young women”. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' after Grand Tour host mocks farm produce  The insider branded the speculation “ridiculous”, adding that the Body of Lies star can’t escape his reputation as he ends up “being linked to the youngest beautiful woman” anywhere he goes. They concluded by saying that the actor “wants to ditch this image once and for all”. Most recently the star came under fire for a reported romance between him and 19-year-old model Eden Polani. The online discourse garnered such a following that it prompted sources close to Leo to speak out, with one telling Page Six that there was “zero truth” behind the speculation.    The source explained that the model was simply seated next to Leonardo at a music party with many other guests, adding: “Leo clearly can’t be dating every single person that (he’s) in a room with.” Leonardo started appearing on-screen in his early teens and over the course of a few years went from small roles in television series to lead parts in blockbuster films. Being the dashing hero in films like Titanic and Romeo + Juliet in his early 20s garnered the star Hollywood heartthrob status and made his love life a hot topic among his mass of followers. His first publicised romance was with supermodel Gisele Bundchen, who is six years younger than the actor.  Their relationship blossomed under the public eye for five years before the pair called it quits, and Giselle would go on to marry NFL legend Tom Brady. In 2005, Leonardo, now 30 years old, began dating another supermodel Bar Refaeli who was 20 at the time. Leonardo and Bar also dated for five years, receiving unprecedented media attention during their relationship before an amicable break up just after the model turned 25. Following these two lengthy relationships, Leonardo had a spate of relationships that would only last a year or two with six women aged from 20 to 25.  This series of short relationships also included a brief romance with Gossip Girl star Blake Lively in 2011, who would go on to marry Deadpool actor Ryan Reynolds. Then in 2018, the 43-year-old started dating model Camila Morrone, then 20. The picture-perfect couple seemed to be in it for the long run but just a few weeks after the model turned 25 they announced their split. Following this, Leonardo dated supermodel Gigi Hadid who was 27 at the time, breaking the theory that the actor had an age limit, although the pair were only together for a few months. Express.co.uk has contacted Leonardo DiCaprio's representatives for comment.