Carl Froch has issued a response to Jake Paul after being called out by the YouTube megastar. Should they ever step foot in the ring together, the 45-year-old has vowed to send the American crashing to the canvas. Paul challenged Froch to take on the person he last faced in the boxing ring, UFC icon Anderson Silva. The 25-year-old would have loved to see the fight take place on the undercard of his upcoming and highly anticipated grudge match against Tommy Fury in Saudi Arabia on Sunday night. If Froch were to win, Paul suggested he would like to take on the Cobra, who has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley in 2014. Froch posted a video from the gym on Twitter in response to the social media megastar. "So, Jake Paul has called me out on his social media," Froch said. "Apparently he wants to fight me. Just in case you didn't know, my last fight was at Wembley Stadium in front of 80,000 fans. JUST IN: Floyd Mayweather had 'bloody nose and swolen eye' after being taught lesson in sparring  "I won't be fighting the mixed martial arts legend Anderson Silva on your undercard. I've got too much respect for him. And your punch when you boxed him, did that even land? Very dubious. You've got a job to do against Tommy Fury. If by some miracle you manage to beat Tommy Fury, then I'll listen to you. “I'll have a little chat with you and see what garbage comes out of your mouth. See what you've got to say. But until then, don't talk about me in the same league as you. I'm a four-time world champion. Two WBC titles there. You'll never, ever have one of them. “You're not good enough. You're not a professional fighter. You're a performing clown. That's all you are. So keep my name out of your mouth until you've done something in the game. I think this weekend, your world ends. But if it doesn't, and you are stupid enough to take a fight with me, when this right hand lands on your chin, it will put you into f***ing orbit and knock that stupid barnet off the top of your head." Paul, thinks the former super-middleweight champion is jealous of the money being made. “Carl Froch mad because I made more in one year than he made his whole career,” he tweeted. “You want the payday. I get it. So let’s do this, fight Anderson Silva on my next card and if you get lucky and beat him, then we can step in the ring and you make your career payday. Let me know.” Froch first commented on Paul last October and claimed he would come out of retirement to face The Problem Child and wouldn’t need to train much in order to do so. “Jake Paul can’t fight, he’s pretending, he’s conning people. He’s got his audience; I don’t begrudge him - he’s making money and doing what he’s doing. But he’s not a professional boxer. He knows not to come anywhere near me," he told William Hill. “He’s bigger than me, he’s 14 stone, he’s younger than me, he’s fresher, he thinks he can fight. I wouldn’t even train for this guy; I’d do a little bit of training. I might do the odd little run to get the heart beating, but I’d take Jake Paul to school and hammer him. He knows it, he wouldn’t fight me. No chance.” Froch won the WBC, IBF and WBA super-middleweight titles during the course of his glittering career. He contested 35 fights and lost just two, with 24 of his 33 wins coming via knockout. While claiming he would defeat Jake, Froch insisted he would also take on his elder brother Logan - on the same night. He added: “I’d fight him and his brother on the same night. What they could do is take it in turns, so Jake can do round one, Logan can do round two… So, they’re having a four-minute breather between rounds. It’s never been done, it’s exhibition boxing. I’d take them both on.” 