Aries Know when to speak and when to remain silent. Even if someone asks you for an opinion, if you sense your views will cause an argument, you might prefer to keep them to yourself. A series of text messages will start to feel tense. You can avoid misunderstandings by toning down your own words. Taurus Someone you hardly know will help you put a mistake to rights. When someone tells you to trust them it will turn out you can. A little dash of trust can go a long way now. You will be pleasantly surprised once you find the courage to let down some of your boundaries. Gemini Praise for a job well done will give you a sense of achievement. If you are given a chance to try something you always wanted to do, be sure to grab it. You might seem to become a magnet for strange coincidences and occurrences that elude rational explanation.  Cancer Some serious issues will come to light. It isn’t a good idea to bury your head in the sand. If you put off dealing with these now they could become even more complicated in the future. Take a versatile approach to your day. Versatility will increase your overall productivity. Leo You’re tempted to ask friends and family what they think before making important choices. Instead of turning to others, weigh up the options and make your own choices. Entertain as many possibilities as possible as then you can choose the course that is right for you. Virgo At times you will not know where you are when everything will seem to happen at once. You are starting to wonder where some decisions will lead to. Don’t become too concerned about the instability. For now, all you have to do is practise flexibility.   Libra Start making more time in your life for you instead of giving so much to other people. Remind yourself that your needs are important too. You will not find happiness through joining others in activities they enjoy if it means nothing to you. Focus on your own needs and activities. Scorpio Someone has inflated expectations. This could cause future problems if they are allowed to influence others to support their grand ideas. It will be important for at least one member of your team to recognise the need to keep everyone’s hopes and ideas practical and realistic. Sagittarius If you organise your time early on in order to keep on top of everyday matters, there should be more scope to be able to do your own thing later. Hesitation in the workplace is not recommended. Be assertive. Someone is running a test and you will be asked to participate.   Capricorn A need to discover the truth can turn into an obsession if you allow it to. You are focused on discovering more facts, more details and more information. You want to dig up matters that belong to the past. It might be healthier to bring your thoughts back to the present. Aquarius Set your mind on one goal. Push aside other thoughts and focus on this aim. This will enable you to achieve more than you would by running off in several directions. Don’t rely too much on the words people say. You will get more out of your relationships by using your sixth sense to connect. Pisces There are a number of reasons why you should exercise caution and encourage those around you to do the same. This will counteract the likelihood of mistakes being made through impulsive action. Put thought and care into a situation as it unfolds. Follow safety guidelines.   