Nicola Bulley’s family have grown “frustrated” with the police investigation into her disappearance as detectives hold a press conference today. The mother-of-two has not been seen since she vanished walking her dog Willow by the River Wyre on Friday, January 27. Lancashire Police have been working on the theory the 45-year-old fell into the river but a massive search operation on the waterway down to the sea has so far produced nothing. Ms Bulley’s partner Paul Ansell met with forensic dive expert Peter Faulding by the riverbank to discuss if she was in the water, it’s reported Mr Ansell remains certain she did not drown. Mr Faulding, whose dive team assisted Lancashire Police in their underwater searches, also does not believe the mortgage advisor is in the river. He told Express.co.uk this week he would continue to help Ms Bulley's family's attempt to find her and had spoken to them about possible “deposition”, or burial, sites. The Sun reports Mr Faulding said Mr Ansell is “tearing himself to pieces” as he tries to find answers. He told the paper: “Paul’s just frustrated. Obviously, he’s ripping himself to pieces at the moment. He’s devastated and struggling to get answers. That’s the problem. “Without concrete evidence, there needs to be a search and that includes the surrounding areas, not just the river. That has to be on the first day of the case.” Lancashire Police are due to hold a press conference later this morning to share more information on their search for Ms Bulley that has involved hundreds of lines of enquiry, dive teams, sniffer dogs and helicopters. So far the majority of the search has appeared to concentrate on the river down to where it joins the sea at Fleetwood. But on Monday officers were seen scouring a local caravan park for clues. The police briefing today will take place as speculation about what might have happened to her has continued to grown in the 19 days since she vanished. Ms Bulley disappeared while walking her springer spaniel Willow in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, after she dropped her two daughters - aged six and nine - at school on January 27. At a press conference on February 3 the force first told the public of its "main working hypothesis" that the mortgage adviser fell in the river during a "10-minute window" between 9.10am and 9.20am that day. The force said her disappearance was not being treated as suspicious. READ MORE: Update in Nicola Bulley hunt as 'stained' glove found yards from where she vanished Ms Bulley's body has still not been found and detectives extended the search for her to the sea on February 3, saying finding her there "becomes more of a possibility". A 49-year-old man from Manchester and a 20-year-old woman from Oldham have been arrested on suspicion of malicious communications offences in relation to emails allegedly sent to Wyre Council members. The man has been bailed pending further inquiries until May 12 while the woman remains in custody. On Monday, Wyre Council removed councillors' contact details from its website due to "inappropriate emails and phone calls" about Ms Bulley's disappearance. It said it had temporarily removed contact details for "parish and town council members" after Lancashire Police confirmed its investigation. Meanwhile Ms Bulley's friends and neighbours, including her next-door neighbour and friend Charlotte Drake, have continued to flock to a bridge over the Wyre to lay yellow ribbons with messages which say they still hope she will be found safe and well. Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson and Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith will lead the press conference. DON'T MISS: Girl and boy, both aged 15, charged with murder of 16-year-old Brianna Ghey