An earthquake has taken place off the Norfolk coast, with the 3.7 magnitude tremor in the North Sea. It struck at 7.14am on Sunday, about 56 miles off the British coastline, according to France's Military Applications Division. It was recorded at a depth of 10km - which in earthquake terms is recorded as shallow. Shallow earthquakes are felt more strongly than deeper ones. Reports say homes in coastal areas such as Sea Palling, Happisburgh and Mundlesley may have felt the tremor. On Thursday, a smaller 2.6 magnitude tremor was felt near Chelmsford in Essex at around 5am.  A person in South Woodham Ferrers said that their whole house shook, while another heard the radiators shaking inside their home and it was also described as "sounding like a bomb". One further claimed it "was like an underground train going under our bungalow". A resident said it felt "like a piece of large furniture had fallen over". The earthquake registered a magnitude of 2.6 and a depth of 8km at its epicentre in Bicknacre today at 5.05am. People from Bicknacre, Runwell and South Woodham Ferrers have all reported it as well as further afield. One person shortly after 5am tweeted: "Could it have been an earthquake or was it more likely sonic boom? "I heard a loud boom/bang like noise just before the house shook." Darren, from South Woodham Ferrers told BBC Essex: “It was just after five this morning there was a very loud bang. "It was very strange and my son shot out of bed as well and we were both looking at one another going, 'what was that? "I thought we were getting broken into … and there were a few other neighbours out in the street just wondering their heads, giving it, so we all heard it." It comes as an earthquake was recorded in Chelmsford, Essex four days ago as locals claimed buildings were shaking and rumbling in the middle of the night. The British Geological Society confirmed that a minor quake occurred in the early hours of Thursday morning. The earthquake only registered a magnitude of 2.6 and a depth of 8km at its epicentre in Bicknacre at around 5am. A magnitude of between 2.5 and 5.4 means a quake can be felt but only causes minor damage. Locals in the area said they felt "a massive loud rumbling" and heard an "earthquake sound". One person told Essex Live that it sounded like "fighter jets rumbling across the sky".