Gabby Logan, 49, jokingly blasted her husband, Kenny, 50, as she recounted the time he “wolf-whistled” their son’s girlfriend. The couple also looked back on the moment Kenny told his daughter she had a “hot bod”, marking the beginning of a long-running inside joke in the family. In last week’s episode of her podcast, The MidPoint with Gabby Logan, the former gymnast invited her husband to discuss a variety of topics. During their candid conversation, Gabby sheepishly admitted she was worried Kenny’s outspokenness would get him “cancelled”. She said: “Sometimes you say things differently. “Some of those things we’ve got to be careful about because they will get Kenny cancelled. “But he doesn’t always talk in the way that someone in 2023 should talk.” As Kenny tried to complain, Gabby reminded him: “What about the time Lois, your own daughter, came out of the gym, and you went, ‘hot bod’. “And that has become a family moniker now.” Gabby then continued: “Or the time you wolf-whistled at your son’s girlfriend once on New Year’s Eve.” Kenny retorted: “I said she looked great! I don’t think that’s weird.” Elsewhere in the conversation, Gabby lightly reprimanded her husband after the former rugby player talked about their sex life in a recent interview. Gabby scolded him for telling the press that their “sex life isn’t normal yet” following his battle with prostate cancer. “I’m not going to make this an episode about your prostate,” Gabby began cheekily, to which Kenny replied: “Good, we’re on.” DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INTERVIEW]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [LATEST] The presenter then went on to praise the “amazing reaction” Kenny had gotten after speaking up about his experience with prostate cancer. However, she wasn’t too happy with one particular comment her husband made to the press. “You had a bit of a schoolboy error last week didn’t you,” she asked Kenny in reference to a recent interview he did. The pair agreed that, while it was a “really good interview”, they had hoped the focus of the article would be elsewhere. “The headline read (something like), ‘I’m good but my sex life isn’t normal yet’,” Gabby revealed, eliciting an embarrassed grown from Kenny. “And that didn’t really reflect the article did it?” she continued. Listen to the latest episode of The MidPoint podcast with Gabby Logan on streaming services now.