Unforgotten is returning to ITV with newcomer Jess James taking the role of Detective Chief Inspector. She is played by Sinead Keenan and the star may be recognised from Being Human, Three Families and Doctor Who. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who the actress is married to. The 45-year-old actress was born and raised in Dublin and she is one of three children. She comes from a famous family with her younger brother and sister, Rory and Grainne, also being actors. As a child she thought she wanted to be a lawyer, having fallen in love with the legal drama Matlock. However, she soon realised she would rather play the role of a lawyer, rather than train to be one herself. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Her first acting role was alongside Cillian Murphy in the film Sunburn in 1999. The star is married to her husband Chris McGill, who is director at the DustHouse Theatre production company. The couple tied the knot in 2012 and they have two sons together. Chris is a trained director working in film, theatre and the creative arts industries. His clients include the Royal Shakespeare Company, Royal Opera House and the BBC. His LinkedIn biography adds: "As a freelancer I direct music videos, short films, theatre trailers and EPKs. "I was an exec-producer on the award-winning 'A Summer Hamlet'​, a feature-length documentary with Shakespeare's Globe, London." It was reported Irish actor Andrew Scott was one of the guests in attendance at the couple's wedding. DON'T MISS... Unforgotten's Sinead Keenan insists newcomer 'different' to CassieUnforgotten's Sunny Khan star on 'humbling' reaction to Cassie's exitUnforgotten boss addresses 'profound loss' of Nicola Walker from show Chris appears to be on social media but his Twitter account is set to private. Both he and his wife prefer to keep their relationship out of the media spotlight as Sinead does not appear to be on social media. The actress opened up about her latest role as Cassie Stuart's replacement in Unforgotten and it was a job she was reluctant to take at first. She explained: "My fear was that I didn’t want to be filling a Cassie-shaped hole. "But obviously, Chris Lang has created a completely different character with their own storyline, and it’s great. "So I was very glad to have been wrong, essentially. And the whole team behind Unforgotten is really lovely. "I have not had an experience like that on any set. It was so smooth. "I could not have been made to feel more welcome. Which was really lovely. So I’m very lucky.” Unforgotten airs on ITV on Mondays at 9pm.