Chase customers will soon be able to earn one percent interest on all their current account balances as well as three percent if they open a Chase saver account. People can open multiple accounts and deposit up to £500,000 into savings accounts with no fees from Chase for accessing their money.  The digital bank has also unveiled a new monthly cashback offer for existing customers, meaning customers can earn one percent cashback on all eligible everyday debit card spending for an additional 12 months after the expiry of the initial offer. Shaun Port, managing director for everyday banking at Chase, said: “We’re expanding our rewards programme so our customers can continue to enjoy cashback on their everyday debit card spending. "At a time when everyone wants their money to work harder, the introduction of one percent interest on current accounts adds another way in which customers can be rewarded for banking with Chase.” Customers receive cashback on groceries, meals, flights and holidays. They can also earn cashback when they spend abroad, with no fees from Chase and a 'competitive' exchange rate. READ MORE: NatWest Digital Regular Saver among best savings accounts with 6% rate  Customers will need to pay in £500 to their Chase current account each month to qualify for cashback in the following month. Cashback will be capped at £15 per month adding up to £180 a year and the new offer will come into effect for existing customers from April 2023. However, those who are due to come to the end of their initial one percent cashback offer at the end of February or in March can continue to earn this cashback until the end of March, so they can seamlessly take advantage of the new offer. New customers joining Chase will continue to enjoy its introductory 12-month one percent cashback offer on eligible everyday debit card spending, without needing to deposit into their Chase account.  DON'T MISS:State pension warning as triple lock 'likely to be revised' at Budget [WARNING]Four words would let Jeremy Hunt boost pensions, save NHS and cut tax [INSIGHT]State pensioners can claim extra £370 a month [UPDATE]   JP Morgan’s Chase account was launched as a smartphone app-based bank in 2021, and now has more than 56 million customers across the US and the UK. Those who have a current account with Chase can open the easy-access saver with no minimum deposit.  Chase also pays five percent on its round-up account which is used for small change round-ups. On its website, it states: "Choose to round up your spending, and we'll make the spare change go further with a five percent AER variable interest boost on your round-up pot.We'll pay your interest monthly, and it's yours to use whenever you like."  Chase is not the only bank to increase its interest rates for savers recently. Marcus by Goldman Sachs is also increasing the interest rate on its online savings account and cash ISA to reflect the recent Bank of England base rate rise. The savings provider is upping the interest rate on both its Online Savings Account and Cash ISA from 2.50 percent AER to 2.80 percent AER which includes a 12-month fixed-rate bonus of 0.25 percent. The bank is also increasing the rate of its One Year Fixed Rate Saver from 3.00 percent AER to 3.50 percent AER for new customers who open an account on or after February 15, 2023.  