  Presenter Gabby Logan, 49, has admitted she felt “naive” after having difficulties conceiving with husband Kenny Logan, 50. The pair share two children, but Gabby has admitted she initially imagined having four during a chat with Giovanna Fletcher, 38, on the Happy Mum Happy Baby podcast.      Gabby’s younger brother Jordan was born when she was 13 years old, which she described as “putting her off” getting pregnant any time soon. However, when she married the love of her life Kenny in her late 20s, the pair were both keen to start a family relatively quickly. Unfortunately for the couple, things weren’t all smooth sailing, as Gabby explained on the podcast. “I thought I'd have more children, I always thought I'd have four children,” she reflected. READ MORE: Jennie Bond puts on ageless display in jaw-dropping swimsuit snap      “Just the other night I said to Kenny, when we were talking about our empty house and the future, that we should have had more children.” She went on to suggest that, while it might not be classed as a regret due to it being “out of her control in many ways”, Gabby admitted she’s often left thinking: “How did that happen?” “I think I know how it happened, because when you have twins as your firstborn, you think life's going to get back to normal and it never does,” the former gymnast continued. “I mean, that's the same with everybody, but we were waiting for that day where we felt: ‘Everything's under control now. Now we can have another baby.’      The star went on to reflect on how “nothing ever gets back to normal”, lamenting that “we should have just gone for it straight away”. “We were naively thinking that our old life of being more, I suppose, hedonistic and selfish was somehow going to come back.” While Gabby’s friends all seemed to be having babies with ease, it wasn’t so simple for her and Kenny. After over a year of trying, the athlete started to think “what am I doing wrong?” before finally consulting a doctor. READ MORE... Dan Walker's biggest Valentine’s Day mistake with rarely seen wife [NEWS] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [NEWS] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [INSIGHT]       On 28 July 2005, after undergoing IVF treatment, Gabby finally gave birth to twins, son Reuben and daughter Lois. Gabby and Kenny have been through a lot in the past year, after the ex Scottish rugby union player was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February, 2022. The TV presenter revealed that watching her husband battle prostate cancer was “horrible” during a chat with Steven Bartlett on his podcast A Diary of a CEO. Gabby recalled the tough times the couple shared when he was treated for the disease and broke down when she described what it was like when Kenny was first given the devastating diagnosis.      She said: “He was really upset as you can imagine and I just thought, 'Right no, this is going to be absolutely fine, what are we going to do? What are the answers here?'" Thankfully he made a full recovery after treatment and having his prostate removed, and he was given the all clear by the doctor. Listen to the full chat with Gabby Logan on the Happy Mum Happy Baby podcast.   