Sarah Ferguson took to Instagram to share the news that her book club would have a brand new series in 2023. She wore one of her signature military jackets but some royal fans were left disappointed. Fergie took to Instagram just before Valentine's Day to announce the exciting news. She was pictured holding Emma Denny’s One Night In Hartswood wearing a two-tone military blazer from The Extreme Collection. This is currently retailed at €504 (around £446) down from €720 (around £637) but is unfortunately out of stock. It is described as a "hybrid garment that would be half inspired by military style blazers and half inspired by traditional tailoring". READ MORE: Meghan Markle: Why clothes may not 'look as good as they could'  The official website continued: "It is a garment that can transform your mood and make you feel your very best." The blazer had lots going on, with one side a deep blue-black and the other teal. It was embellished with some gold swirling patterns typical of military-style jackets. It was fastened together at the centre with a gold button. One side of the blazer also boasted a number of decorative buttons. The collar was a pop of red and was also decorated with some regal gold embellishments. Fergie paired this fabulous jacket with what appears to be a black polo-neck jumper. This made for a very cool fusion of funky and simple styles. In keeping with the patterns on the blazer, the Duchess opted for gold jewellery - a thin gold bangle on one wrist and gold watch on the other. She also donned a pair of gold earrings, petite hollowed-out discs. Her signature red locks were worn down in loose curls. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes She looked au natural with very little makeup, just a touch of blush and nude lipstick, sans mascara. But despite the cool look, many royal fashion fans were less than impressed by Sarah Ferguson's latest look. Many took to Instagram to critique the royal's choice of blazer. Royal fan@vlboswell asked: "OMG. Why does she keep wearing these hideous jackets!?" @kristinolsen0605 added: "I’m ready for her to be done with this blazer." @wilbursmithmy suggested that Fergie could get some style inspiration from her daughters Beatrice and Eugenie. She commented: "She could use some new blazers but not military style though... should get some fashion tips from her daughters." @birdnerd327 added: "I think this is my least favourite of these blazers that she has." A few Fergie fans, however, supported the Duchess' bold style statement. @kelly9.glenn said: "The jackets which Sarah has from The Extreme Collection are cute and she looks adorable in them." @fifi_loves_the_waleses added: "I loooooove this jacket! Maybe because my dad is military and love military outfits."