The Ministry of Justice (MoJ) wants to build two "mega jails" just four miles from the chef's £6 million home, it has been said. The television star and his family face having their lives "turned upside down" by the proposals. If successful, the prison could hold as many as 3,430 male inmates on the site of a former RAF airbase at Wethersfield. The 800-acre site would house Category B and Category C prisons. The MoJ has now launched a consultation, which has seemingly already been met with stiff opposition. Locals in the nearby village have criticised the plans, claiming it as being "almost the worst place you could find a prison". READ MORE: Debbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hair Jamie moved to a house in the area five years ago with his wife Jools and their five children. The Grade One listed property and impressive gardens are often featured in his TV shows. According to the MailOnline, the 47-year-old is said to have been made aware of the plans, but has not made a comment publicly. Some have suggested this may be due to his work with former prisoners at his Fifteen restaurants. Residents first heard of the proposals 17-months ago when the MoJ sent out letters. These stressed no firm plans had been drawn up and no planning applications have been submitted. The MoJ is said to be concentrating on getting the green light to build new prisons next to exsisting ones in Lancashire, Buckinghamshire and Leicestershire. Alan MacKenzie, who chairs Stop Wethersfield Airfield Prison (SWAP), told the publication "there is no doubt" the prisons will have a "major effect" on Jamie. DON'T MISSAmanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumblesAmanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman splitClose Encounters and A Christmas Story actress Melinda Dillon dies "It will turn life upside down for everyone, including him," he stated. "I doubt that he is going to be very happy about it." Alan continued: "It means there is going to be traffic chaos if the prisons happen, both during the construction period and when they are up and running. "... It is also possible that his [Jamie's] home is in the line of sight of the prisons as the site is on a 300ft high plateau so he may have to put up with looking at them." He claimed members of the SWAP group had talked to Jools about the plans. He added: "Jamie will be aware as I am sure Jools will have mentioned it to him, but someone like him has got to be careful of his public profile." A spokesperson for the MoJ told the Telegraph: "We recognise residents are seeking clarity and while no decision has been made, we will continue to consult and update them as our prison-building plans develop." Jamie Oliver's representatives declined to comment when approached by Express.co.uk.