Lionel Messi will reportedly beat Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland to win the FIFA The Best award on Monday. FIFA are allegedly set to ‘remind’ L’Equipe and France Football that the World Cup winner was not a contender for the Ballon d’Or in October. Messi was not even nominated for the Ballon d’Or, which was won by Real Madrid and France striker Karim Benzema. That is despite the iconic forward enjoying a much better season with Paris Saint-Germain. The 35-year-old was then the star of Argentina’s World Cup-winning team. He is now reportedly set to have his latest triumph recognised by FIFA at their The Best awards. Messi will apparently be handed FIFA’s The Best Men’s Player award on Monday, beating the likes of Mbappe and Haaland. It will be just the second time the former Barcelona star has won the prize, having scooped it in 2019. JUST IN: Arsenal's three best players as Martinelli hits back vs Leicester According to Argentinian journalist Francesc Aguilar, FIFA want to ‘remind’ Ballon d’Or organisers L’Equipe and France Football that they failed to even nominate Messi for their own award last year. To stick the boot in further, The Best awards are being held in Paris. The seven-times Ballon d’Or winner has enjoyed a remarkable 12 months. Having initially struggled in France following his emotional exit from Barcelona, Messi has shone for the Parisians in 2022-23. Under Christophe Galtier, Messi has scored 16 goals and provided 14 assists in just 27 appearances across all competitions. He scored a stunning 95th-minute free-kick in PSG’s last-gasp 4-3 win over Lille last weekend. Messi’s latest award will partially recognise his huge contribution to Argentina’s World Cup win in December. The veteran struck seven goals in Qatar, including two in the thrilling final against France. DON'T MISS...Liverpool have staggering Premier League problem before Palace clashMason Greenwood 'to become a dad' amid Man Utd exileMan Utd may have Carabao Cup final advantage over Newcastle Despite his excellent form, Messi’s future remains in doubt. He has a contract with PSG that expires in the summer and despite the Ligue 1 giants being keen for him to extend, Messi could end up choosing to depart. David Beckham’s MLS side Inter Miami are keen to sign Messi and former Barcelona team-mate Sergio Busquets. "I’m not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets," head coach and former Manchester United man Phil Neville said last week. "We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organisation. For MLS, it would be a game-changer."