Everton boss Sean Dyche laid the blame at Jordan Pickford's feet for the error that helped Liverpool claim victory in the Merseyside derby at Anfield. The goalkeeper was at fault for Mohamed Salah's opening goal and it proved to be crucial as the Reds ran out deserved winners after a 2-0 win at Anfield, condemning Dyche to his first defeat since taking charge. Everton came into the game with some confidence off the back of their 1-0 win over Arsenal last time out, but Dyche's men looked ill-equipped to match a resurgent Liverpool side at Anfield. And the Toffees did themselves no favours whatsoever by leaving the door open for Liverpool to score twice from counter-attacks, with Pickford the man to blame for the opener. The England stopper had little to do in the opening period of the game but was far too eager to rush off his line and intervene when Darwin Nunez crossed for Salah, who ended up stroking the ball home into the empty net with Pickford caught in no man's land. Dyche was left disappointed by the incident and admitted that Pickford's error was a "big moment" in the game that ultimately cost his side. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp explains antics after Everton win - 'I didn't want to' "The game wasn't defined in one moment but it was a big moment obviously," Dyche told Sky Sports. "We had just calmed the game down. They were on top a little bit without opening us up too many times. "The shape was decent, they hadn't opened us up too many times with the ball. But then you cause trouble at the set piece, you want that to be part of your game. Disappointed with the counter and it was misread for Jordan [Pickford] and that was the story of the first half." The result leaves Everton still in the relegation zone and one point from safety after their 12th defeat of the campaign. But the 51-year-old boss is confident they can turn things around with some help from their fans ahead of their crucial fixture with Leeds at Goodison Park on Saturday. DON'T MISSThree free agents to help Everton survive as Isco move ruled outRoy Keane proven spot on about Dele Alli as Everton ace flops on loanLiverpool hero Carragher weighs in on prospect of Klopp quitting club  "There is more to come, I'm sure of that but we have got to play as well. The next step is to play and be brave with the ball," he added. "We have given a lot of information to the players and it is a lot for them to take in "There is work to be done. Last week we beat Arsenal and I wasn't jumping for joy. No lack of effort or work ethic, it's still tough coming here but they [Liverpool] are a great side. "The home crowd were amazing [at Goodison Park] and we need our fans to do that for us away from home. We want bravery at home and away from home from our fans and their energy. The margins were tight."