King Charles III was reportedly left "mortified" after he suffered a fashion faux pas while out with Camilla. The King and Queen Consort visited the Brick Lane Mosque in East London, when a photographer snapped the moment the royals removed their shoes to enter the place of worship. However, while removing his shoe, a hole was visible on Charles' right sock. Karren Brady addressed the fashion blunder in her latest column as she urged Camilla to purchase Charles a "multi-pack" of socks. Writing in her latest column for The Sun, she said: "I've always loved the fact that, despite growing up in palaces and surrounded by riches, Charles has been the King of Thrift. "He has worn the same Barbour jacket for years and refuses to be a follower of fashion, so he can bring out the same outfits time and time again." READ MORE: Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off' The Apprentice star went on to say when the royal took off his shoes, a hole was clearly visible, as she urged him to do better in public. "It is commendable that he is keeping up with his frugal habits during a cost of living crisis but I really hope he sees fit to invest in a new pair before the Coronation," she continued.  Meanwhile, it has been reported that the royals are "fully expecting" Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to attend the Coronation of King Charles III.  A source close to the family said that some royals had been "spitting feathers" about some of the allegations levelled by Prince Harry his memoir, but that they are still expecting the Sussexes to travel over for the occasion in May. The source said: "Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that. "And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss… and that’s the weather." Invitations for the coronation are expected to be sent out shortly, the Daily Mail reports. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex says he's homeless and cheated with an older woman[LATEST]Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos[PICTURES]Ageless Salma Hayek dons busty leather corset and fishnets at Brits[AWARDS] The day of the coronation, May 6, coincides with the birthday of Harry and Meghan's son Archie, who is due to turn four. A source told the Mail: "From what I know of Harry and Meghan, they will both want to spend some time with their son on his birthday." The palace has revealed new details on plans for events that will take place over the coronation weekend from Saturday May 6 to Monday May 8. The coronation of the King and Queen Consort will take place at Westminster Abbey on the morning of Saturday 6, conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. According to the palace, it will be “a solemn religious service, as well as an occasion for celebration and pageantry”. The service will “reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry”. Sunday will see “global music icons and contemporary stars” descend on Windsor Castle for the coronation concert which will be broadcast live on the BBC. A ballot has opened for 10,000 free tickets for a star-studded concert at Windsor Castle to mark the King's coronation.