Sunday night saw the remaining seven Dancing on Ice contestants try and impress the judging panel with their routines for week six of the ITV show. Although before Coronation Street’s Mollie Gallagher took to the ice, the show cut to a fake news announcement.  Viewers of the ITV show were taken aback when the competition seemed to be halted by a breaking news bulletin. The news announcement saw newsreader Lucrezia Millarini, who also took part in the long-running series two years ago, inform audiences of “supernatural sightings”. Although the routine was part of soap star Mollie and her professional partner Sylvain Longchambon's Ghostbusters routine, many fans believed the interruption was real. Cutting into the middle of the show, Lucrezia appeared on screen and said: "We interrupt this programme with news of a sudden rise in supernatural sightings. READ MORE:Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain   “The cause of the outbreak is currently unknown but we're assured experts have arrived to deal with the issue.” Despite the skit being part of their performance, viewers initially thought the news segment was real following the latest development in the search for Nicola Bulley. Over the weekend, a body was discovered close to where the mum-of-two vanished over three weeks ago. It wasn’t long before viewers took to social media to slam the show as many called the skit insensitive.   Bruschetta_Boy fumed: “That was a bit stupid #dancingonice. Having a newsflash at this moment in time. Thought it was about Nicola Bulley," TVjunkiew**re commented: “I thought that ITV news interruption was about Nicola Bulley." Kathygirl14 added: “Utterly tasteless spoof of news flash with what went down with Nicola bully today. Absolute trash producing by that show tonight” Dawn_Ashlea tweeted: “Having that breaking news segment was a little insensitive with what’s happening at the moment with Nicola Bulley.”  DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans 'work out' Jacob Hay's return [REACTION] Call The Midwife's Megan Cusack pays tribute to 'welcoming' co-stars [VIDEO] Coronation Street's Alya Nazir and Ryan Connor set to reunite [SPOILER]   AlanTrotter14 said: “Not sure the #dancingonice  #NewsFlash was the best decision as we all wait to hear if the body was Nicola Bulley." With DavidMackayy tweeting: “I do agree tho, the newsflash at the start of that may have been meant in a humorous way however given how things are in Ukraine and the awful announcement about Nicola Bulley, it is in very poor taste #dancingonice." Since January 27, a huge search operation was enforced following Nicola’s disappearance. On Sunday afternoon, a body had been found in the River Wyre, a mile away from where Nicola was last seen.    Lancashire Constabulary released a statement and confirmed a formal identification is yet to be carried out. 