Manchester United owners the Glazers are set to receive offers for a takeover this month, but it's reported that the Ricketts family won't be among those coming forward with an approach. Chelsea's takeover last year sparked mass interest from some of the world's richest billionaires with the Ricketts family among those who made an attempt to take the reigns at Stamford Bridge. They made the final four shortlisted bids, but ultimately withdrew from the process as Todd Boehly and his consortium were chosen as the club's new owners. Just a few months later and there's another chance for a multi-billion pound takeover in the Premier League with United up for sale. The Glazers confirmed back in November that they were open to a sale of the club. Their statement read: "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” The announcement has sparked mass interest from all corners of the world from the Middle East to US-led consortiums.  British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe remains the only one to publicly declare an interest in a takeover at United. But The Telegraph claim that US bidders 'and a mystery Arabic investment group are seen as leading the running'. A potential takeover from Dubai has reportedly been 'dismissed' but a Qatar-linked investment group is said to be on the cards. The report adds that 'several' US-financier led consortiums have already made private commitments to entering the bidding process. But it's said that the Ricketts family will not be among those trying to buy the Old Trafford outfit. Their bid for Chelsea last year sparked huge controversy and fan backlash with a #notoricketts campaign trending on social media.  A number of Chelsea fans even protested against the Ricketts' bid before their game against Brentford in April last year. The Ricketts family had partnered with US billionairs Ken Griffin and Dan Gilbert in their attempt to buy Chelsea. But they announced soon after the fan protest that they would be withdrawing from the process. Their statement in April 2022 read: “The Ricketts-Griffin-Gilbert Group has decided, after careful consideration, not to submit a final bid for Chelsea FC. "In the process of finalising their proposal, it became increasingly clear that certain issues could not be addressed given the unusual dynamics around the sales process. We have great admiration for Chelsea and its fans, and we wish the new owners well.”