The ITV series, which first began back in 2021, is the most recent adaptation of H. E. Bates' novel however has recently seen a fall in ratings. The setback comes after Sabrina Barlett, who played eldest Larkin child Mariette quit, after rumours of ongoing issues with her and other members of the cast. Sabrina announced her departure from the show in February 2022, allegedly complaining about her co-star, which reportedly caused a “massive problem” for ITV bosses. A source claimed to The Sun: "The ratings for series two were disappointingly low and cast disagreements on set have been an ongoing problem for the production team. "Sabrina’s issue with Tok and her decision to leave was a massive problem for the bosses. But there have also been other disagreements.” Another source told the Daily Mail: “What happened was really sad for everyone involved in the show. Sabrina was a much-loved and popular member of the cast. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ “It left ITV with a massive quandary – they wanted both of their stars but that simply couldn’t be the case. “There was a lot of talk around the television industry about this, and bosses at the station do not want to be tarnished in any way. "It is not fair for the cast, particularly Bradley, to be caught up in any of it either.” Express.co.uk has contacted ITV and Bradley Walsh's representatives for comment. After Sabrina's exit, she was replaced by actress Joelle Rae, however as the script was rewritten their characters did not feature as prominently. Instead, Ms Bartlett’s on-screen sister Lydia Page, who played Primrose, and Barney Walsh, who portrayed PC Harness, were brought to the forefront of the plot. Sabrina's departure isn't the only reason for the show to be taken off air as the comedy lost nearly two million viewers when it returned for a second series in 2022. Only 2.9 million people tuned in for the second series opening episode, compared to 4.8 million for the remake’s pilot episode in 2021. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty caught moving away from BBC Breakfast co-star  [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's identity as Chloe star drops clue [WATCH] Bradley previously touched on the drop in ratings and insisted they were "absolutely fine" and "fantastic". Appearing on This Morning back in January, he explained the non-arrival of a third series was his fault as he "doesn’t have time to do that." "It’s down to me, I don’t have time to do that. It’s not anything else. We’re trying to get a special." Fans of the show were left devastated that the show would not be returning for a new series and took to Twitter to express their sadness. Tony Gardner, who played Alec Norman on the show, wrote: "Thanks for watching #thelarkins. Made lots of memories and new friends. Can't ask for any more than that." @kipper_78 replied to Tony: "Gutted, I really liked The Larkins. Just genuinely nice telly." Gavin Owen commented: "Pity that they've axed the Larkins I thought it was one of the best shows ITV have put on in ages. #thelarkins #bradleywalsh #itv." Annie Mayhew added: "Oh no not another one of my favourites! I'll have nothing to watch on the telly box soon." The Larkins series 1&2 is available to watch on ITVX.