A Reddit channel has caused outrage after a person admitted smoking a joint next to a pregnant woman at a concert. Posting in the Reddit channel 'AmIthehole', user Vegetable_River_255 described the moment they lit up and the altercation that followed, posing the question: "Am I an a***hole here?" The user said: "Yesterday I went out to see a concert. The band I was seeing has a very heavy drug scene associated with it. I was in an assigned seat section and made small talk with the couple next to me while waiting. "About 10 minutes into the first set I light up a joint, and about 5 minutes after the husband complains to me about his wife being pregnant. I told them both it’s a show. You came here, you can choose to leave. "He tried to cause a scene but nothing happened since I just ignored them both and danced." Vegetable_River_255 added: "I told my roommates this earlier today and they said I was being an asshole for smoking next to the pregnant lady. "Am I an a***hole here?" READ MORE: Greene 'attacked by insane woman and screamed at by her adult son' in restaurant The Reddit community overwhelmingly responded "yes" to the question, decrying the user's irresponsible actions. WaywardPrincess1025 posted: "YES you are an ahole. You shouldn’t be smoking in your seat like that. People do it all the time and guess what? They’re aholes just like you." They added: "Double you're an a**hole for doing it next to a pregnant woman. However, if I were her, I would have left or called security to move you. Her and her baby’s health is more important than the concert." Reddit user Accomplished-Yam6553 posed the question back: "Imagine sharing your cancer puffs with a non consenting pregnant woman and asking if you're an a**hole?" DON'T MISSWhite House hints promise at new trade deal [LATEST]Ghislaine Maxwell to appeal conviction [REPORT]Prince Harry humiliated over as Americans deliver blow in poll [INSIGHT] Second hand marijuana smoke can be harmful to a baby’s health. The chemicals in marijuana (in particular, tetrahydrocannabinol or THC) pass through a mother's system to their baby and may harm their baby’s development. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention cites research published Pediatric Research that indicates secondhand marijuana smoke contains many of the same toxic and cancer-causing chemicals found in tobacco smoke. THC, the psychoactive or mind-altering compound in marijuana, may also be passed to infants through secondhand smoke. Today, support for marijuana legalization increasingly extends across the political aisle, with some Republicans starting to back the idea. State legislatures are grappling with if and how to legalise the drug, while several marijuana-related bills – including those aiming to decriminalise it on the federal level – have been introduced in Congress. The House passed a marijuana decriminalisation bill on April 1, 2022 and months later, several senators – including Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer – introduced the Cannabis Administration and Opportunity Act, which would federally decriminalise weed, as reported by Marijuana Moment. The bill’s future in the Senate is uncertain. The move to relax punishment on marijuana use was given a significant boost on October 7, 2022, when President Joe Biden said he will issue pardons to everyone convicted of the federal crime of simple marijuana possession, while calling for governors to make similar moves for convictions under state laws. The proclamation will apply to about 6,500 Americans, but a senior White House official clarified to reporters that no one is currently behind bars for simple possession of marijuana. Legalising marijuana remains contentious, however. Opponents say marijuana poses a public health and safety risk, and some are morally against legalisation. Proponents, however, argue that it is not as dangerous as alcohol abuse and point to evidence that it has medicinal benefits, such as stress and pain relief.