Never before seen rare pictures of Michael Schumacher have been released on the new series of Netflix Drive to Survive. The snap features in an episode centred around son Mick’s F1 future as he battles to keep his Haas seat. But in a shock twist, the baby on Michael’s lap is actually double world champion Max Verstappen. The Dutchman’s father Jos was team-mates with Schumacher at Benetton back in 1995 and the pair established a close bond. Footage also shows a young Max meeting Schumacher at a Grand Prix after the F1 icon moved to Ferrari. Verstappen admits he enjoyed a close relationship with the Schumacher family as he praised Mick’s rise. In a clip recorded last season, Verstappen said: “We used to go on holidays when we were little. The two families. The memories will always stay with me. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone claims Michael Schumacher is affecting son Mick “For both of us to now be in Formula One I think is amazing and also for Michael he is a very proud dad for sure.” In a resurfaced clip, the two fathers spoke about the chances of Mick and Max one day racing in F1. The pair were asked if they would encourage their sons to enter the grid or find another profession. Schumacher laughed: “I think this could be the first time we have some argument, if our two would be racing each other." Verstappen added: “Very similar age, so for sure they will compete with each other.” However, the two youngsters' F1 careers have taken different paths with Verstappen securing two titles as Schumacher finds himself off the grid. DON'T MISSMichael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle [INSIGHT]Lance Stroll in awkward moment with Alonso after Schumacher admission [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [COMMENT] The 23-year-old German was axed by American squad Haas last season after failing to impress team bosses. Almost a decade has passed since Schumacher Sr suffered a brain injury in a skiing accident in December 2013. Schumacher was transported to Grenoble hospital for emergency treatment before returning home to Switzerland to recuperate. His condition has remained mostly under wraps but Mick did let slip some information about his relationship with his father in the 'Schumacher' documentary last season. He said: “I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. “I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent."