Speculation has been rife about King Charles' Coronation in May, and it has been announced the monarch has selected 12 new pieces of music to mark the occasion. Sunday's BBC Breakfast saw historian Kate Williams explaining what the public can expect from the milestone event, and when asked if Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would be attending, she seemed confident they would and said the King would be making a "mistake" not to invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The music is aimed at showcasing talent from across the UK and the Commonwealth. All will be performed at Westminster Abbey on May 6 as the King's official reign begins. BBC Breakfast hosts Nina Warhurst and Roger Johnson were joined via video by Kate, who talked about speculation regarding Meghan and Harry. As she discussed the guest list and how many were likely to attend, she remarked: "It's going to be more like the amount that we see for royal weddings and, of course, more likely the amount that we saw for the Queen's funeral. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain "And I think it will be a not dissimilar guest list to what we saw on the sad days of the Queen's passing. "[There will be] many world leaders, foreign royals, and foreign royal families from all over the world. "And also a lot of people who have been important to the King's reign." Kate elaborated: "People who have given service, I think we'll see a very similar amount of NHS heroes and heroes from the services, heroes from the Covid pandemic, and certainly, there are a lot of potential invites." "And very quickly Kate, yes or no, do we think that Harry and Meghan will be there?" Nina couldn't help but ask. "I think they are definitely invited, I expect they will definitely come," Kate replied confidently. The expert continued: "I think the King would be making a mistake if he didn't invite them, because if he doesn't that's going to be all the conversation. "Not about the Coronation, so I think they will definitely be invited and hopefully they'll be able to come." DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree in tears ahead of final party [VIDEO]ITV fear Holly Willoughby will quit This Morning role [LATEST]Vera's Brenda Blethyn feared 'I was done for' filming series [INTERVIEW] It comes as rifts within the Royal Family are at an all-time high following the release of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, last month. The royal made some shocking claims and provided in-depth recollections from his life, which have continued to make headlines. One heavily debated recollection in Spare was that of a"physical assault" by Prince William on Harry. Detailing an alleged incident that took place in 2019, Harry explained his brother had called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive".  Harry alleged the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". He also claimed the altercation left him with a visible injury on his back due to him falling onto a dog's bowl and breaking it. At the time, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were living in Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace. Details of the altercation led to debates about whether Harry should be sharing such details with the public. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.