Taiwan's armed forces have responded to an alleged Chinese spy balloon incursion on its territory today, local media has reported. A report from local outlet United Daily News revealed the army found the remnants of a "mainland air balloon" in the Dongyin Defense Area, in the East China Sea, today. Preliminary findings from army officials suggested the remnant came from an instrument used for meteorological detection. Army Command said regional officials discovered an "unidentified object" falling through the air. After searching the shooting range, they found the balloon's remnants, UDN added. Images from a video posted to TikTok show a polystyrene package with a label attached to the front. The package listed three components contained inside. READ MORE: China humiliated as spy balloon may have accidentally ended up in US The translated words included "Taiyuan First Radio Factory Co., Ltd.", "GTS13 digital radiosonde" and "meteorological instrument". The army command in Douyin reportedly possesses similar air balloon detection component The military has responded by strengthening its presence in the Dongyin area. The army has strengthened camp patrols while using "intelligence surveillance and investigation methods" to "grasp the surrounding dynamics". The discovery means Taiwan has become the second country to report finding a Chinese balloon on its territory. The US followed and shot down a balloon confirmed as originating from the nation earlier this month. Officials announced the object contained spy equipment, despite Chinese officials claiming it was a civilian meteorological device that blew off course. US Air Force (USAF) jets have since intercepted and shot down four more unidentified objects found over North American airspace. China has returned the accusations, alleging that American devices were discovered in its own territory. Beijing has claimed - without offering evidence - that high-altitude balloons from the US flew over Tibet and Xinjiang. During a briefing on Wednesday, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said balloons illegally flew "at least 10 times over China’s territorial airspace". US officials have denied the accusations, with Wendy Sherman, the deputy secretary of state, stating: "That is absolutely not true. There are no US government balloons over China."