Leanne Battersby (played by Jane Danson) and Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) are going through a rough patch at the moment after the Coronation Street couple found their family in danger following Nick's involvement with villain Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths). As Nick moved out of the family home per his young son Sam Blakeman's (Jude Riordan) request, he seemed to find a comforting shoulder to cry on soon after, and fans have predicted the next affair plot in the ITV soap. Leanne and Nick have faced their fair share of heartache, but this time they found themselves in danger because of Nick's dodgy plans. Nick had been blackmailed by Damon to run drugs through his restaurant, and thanks to this, Sam and others were held at gunpoint. Leanne has been furious with her partner ever since she found out, and Sam even told his dad he'd feel safer without him in the house. The schoolboy was especially hurt once he realised his dad knew Damon was the brother of Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor) who shot and killed his mother in 2021. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’    As Leanne agreed, a heartbroken Nick moved out, and has been left upset by the ordeal. While at work, lawyer Diana "Dee-Dee" Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) noticed he seemed down and tried to cheer him up. "Tell me to keep this out, but are you okay? Not that bad, is it?" She asked.  The Weatherfield resident continued: "If you want some perspective..." "I adore perspective," Nick joked before Dee-Dee added: "At least you haven't been stood up by a drug dealer!" She added: "I'm a solicitor, I am meant to be a good judge of character. "You know, I thought he had something," to which Nick offered: "Probably 10 grams of coke in his undies." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale fans plead for soap to 'write out horror character' [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow guest in tears over 'rare as you can get' plates [LATEST]Love Island couple on verge of split as pair face dumping from villa [VIDEO] Laughing, she explained: "I thought he had a twinkle, you know. I thought we had a spark." "Twinkle and spark, sounds like you're lighting a fire," Nick replied as the two continued to joke around. Fans were quick to assume the two would soon embark on the next soap affair. Twitter user @bridie_gray asked: "So are Nick and DeeDee the ones going to be having the affair? #Corrie." @TaniaNevin penned: "#nick and #DeeDee going to have an affair #corrie." (sic) @DavidBoink quipped: "DeeDee could defend Nick by saying him and Leanne were on a break. I'm sure Leanne would be very understanding. #Corrie." "#Corrie Dee Dee and Nick! I’m calling it!" @GeorgiaBowring posted. @Brentmatthews added: "Oh Nick is going to have a bit of the Bailey girl I think. @itvcorrie #corrie #coronationstreet." Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.