Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy was left with egg on his face in the talkSPORT studio as the pundit was called out for disagreeing with his own comments in a newspaper column. Murphy previously wrote that Tottenham were no closer to giving their star man Harry Kane what he “deserves” - meaning trophies - but he disagreed with his previously made point when it was read back to him before he was informed that he was arguing against himself. Murphy, alongside Jim White and Simon Jordan, were discussing Kane’s future as the England captain has less than 18 months left on his Spurs contract and has been linked with moves to both Manchester United and Bayern Munich. As the trio mulled over a potential summer transfer for the 29-year-old who may seek trophies to add to his multiple individual accolades, the subject was turned to Murphy’s opinion. Host White asked Murphy: “Do you still feel that Tottenham are no closer to delivering what you say he needs, what he deserves and that’s trophies. So no closer?” Murphy replied: “I don’t understand what he ‘deserves’ I don’t get that,” before White interrupted by informing Murphy that he wrote that in his column and left Murphy embarrassed as there was a long pause in the studio as he initially denied writing that Kane deserved to win trophies. White then read out the extract from Murphy’s column: “Tottenham are no closer to giving what Kane deserves, trophies,” as Murphy was speechless before White added: “Hello… it’s your column!” After an awkward pause, Murphy responded: “No, fair enough if I put it but I don’t think him individually necessarily deserves to win trophies,” before former Crystal Palace chairman Jordan took a jab at Murphy, joking that he does not write his own column: “These bloody ghostwriters!”  Murphy had called on Kane to leave Spurs for Bayern Munich in his column before their 1-0 win over Manchester City. “That [trophies] is what you work so hard for and unfortunately Spurs are no nearer giving Kane what he deserves as a world-class striker,” Murphy wrote in the Daily Mail last week. “He turns 30 this summer, it’s getting to that now-or-never stage but it shows how good his form is that one of the biggest clubs in Europe are still interested. “If Bayern Munich come calling for Harry Kane this summer, he should go. It would be hugely sad if a player of his quality finished without winning a trophy. It’s something he himself would regret after retirement. "When I reflect on my career, the best memories are those at Liverpool winning something; the joy at the final whistle, celebrating with team-mates and supporters, the parties and parades afterwards.”