Former political advisor Ivanka Trump posted sweet snaps with her family for Valentine's Day. The daughter of billionaire Donald Trump celebrated with her whole family with a beach dinner. She initially posted a tribute to her husband, with a sweet picture. Ivanka wrote: "13 years, 3 kids, countless adventures and so much love and joy! Endlessly grateful for my sweet Valentine! I love you so much Jared!" She shared an image of the pair sitting on two horses, leaning in to kiss one another. Later, she revealed how they spent Valentine's Day, including her whole family in the celebration of love. Ivanka, Jared, and their three children had dinner together on a beach. Ivanka captioned the post: "Spending Valentine’s Day with the sweetest Valentines." She posted pictures of the whole family together, the two parents' arms around their children Arabella Rose, Joseph Frederick, and Theodore James. Ivanka also posted a sweet image of herself with her arms around her husband. The gorgeous dinner likely took place on the beach by the couple's Florida home. The adorable setup featured a low table, with a white tablecloth. The table was decorated with red roses and pink and white flowers, with places set for five. The family sat on cushions on the floor, set up on a large rug.  READ MORE: 'Absolutely stunning': 'Gorgeous' Ivanka Trump wears dress with very special meaning A bottle of Champagne sat in an ice bucket made of bamboo. A lot of fans were happy to see the family celebrating Valentine's Day together. One wrote: "A role model family to inspire. Mazel Tov!" Another said: "How dreamy. They (the kiddos) will never forget. Good job mom and dad….good job. Happy Valentine’s Day." Some posted their criticisms of the luxurious dinner, however. One wrote: "I wished I had the money that I could do this for my family." "Wonderful to see how others are lavishing in expensive Oceanside dinners and showing it all off on social media," another said. "You could have just enjoyed it with your family and without making it public." One wrote: "I don’t think it’s a good idea to spend Valentine's in this time while most of the people on this earth are sad because of the earthquake in Syria and Turkey." DON'T MISS'I'm worried about Ivanka': Fans 'concerned' about Trump's daughter [PICTURES] Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family [POLITICS] Ivanka Trump shares healthy routine to slim [INSIGHT] Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner married in 2009, after beginning their relationship in 2005. The couple briefly split, reportedly due to his parent's objections. However, they got back together and married after Ivanka converted to Judaism. They married in a Jewish ceremony. Now, Ivanka observes Jewish traditions, including eating a kosher diet and observing the Sabbath. She said in 2015: "We're pretty observant... It's been such a great life decision for me... I really find that with Judaism, it creates an amazing blueprint for family connectivity. From Friday to Saturday, we don't do anything but hang out with one another. We don't make phone calls." Ivanka was recently proclaimed a "country goddess" by fans after she posted a picture in a cowgirl outfit. The heiress wore a pair of slow-slung hip-hugging black flares with a black vest. Getting in the Western spirit she added a silver and turquoise concho belt and boots. She posted the mirror selfie, with the simple caption of two emojis wearing cowboy hats.