Deirdre Doherty, an LA interior designer who describes herself as an “energetic homemaker” has said on her Tiktok account @ddidesigns that it is better to use dryer balls in the dryer for your clothes. Her “hot tip” is that dryer sheets are “out” as dryer balls have become more popular    Dryer balls are an eco-friendly alternative to both dryer sheets and liquid fabric softeners and come in a variety of materials, but the most popular is wool balls. On TikTok, Deirdre has said dryer balls are “super easy” to get, as they are available at Trader Joe's as well as a lot of laundry isles in supermarkets. Deirdre said: “They help tumble your clothes and they make your clothes dry faster. So they’re super duper eco and they get rid of static, I’m just a super big fan.” Dryer balls are meant to prevent clothes from clumping together and let warm air flow about them more easily, which will make clothes dry faster. They also help soften the fabric in clothes, as the dryer balls are will continue to agitate against the fibres in clothes when they are in the dryer, so clothes should be soft to the touch. The best thing about dryer balls is that they are reusable, although manufacturers advise replacing them if they begin to unravel, some companies have said they can last for up to 1,000 laundry loads.  READ MORE: Mum's 'genius' tip to stop 'grim marks on your clean laundry' However, on TikTok some commenters on Deirdre’s page have pointed out some downsides to dryer balls. Some users have complained that dryer balls are no help against static, and one user said: “I had six in my dryer and they don’t help with static at all.” Deidre said the dryer balls had worked against static for herself, so results may be varied. Another user said while she “loved” her own dryer balls, they are unscented and that she missed the smell of clean clothes. Some commenters had some helpful tips for those considering switching to dryer balls For those who want their clothes to be scented, one user wrote: “Tip! Put a drop of essential oil on [dryer balls] and they will have your clothes smelling good all day.” Many people in the comments recommended lavender essential oils, but some essential oils such as tea tree oil can be poisonous to pets so be cautious if making the change. Some users said that dryer balls are worth it as they are better than dryer sheets, as one user wrote: “Dryer sheets are bad for your clothes, especially if you have kids. makes clothing more flammable and less water absorbing.”  DON'T MISS:I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts [INSIGHT]‘Instantly’ whiten bed sheets in ‘one wash’ using supermarket item [REVEAL]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [REPORT] There are various methods you can use to help your laundry dry faster in the washing machine, and they mostly involve making the washing machine more efficient. Cleaning the machine is essential to this. Follow these steps: Clean the lint screen This helps air flow efficiently around the machine, therefore making dryers much better and helping clothes dry faster. To clean it, simply remove the lint from the lint screen after every wash and dry. Make sure you clean it thoroughly every six months. Don't overload it Overloading the dry is a surefire way to prevent it from working properly because the hot air can't get in and around the clothes to dry them. The fewer the items, the quicker they dry. Clean the vents It's important to clean the vents in your tumble dryer. Whether you have an interior or exterior vent, follow expert instructions to clean it thoroughly and always unplug your dryer from the power beforehand.