In recent weeks, the soon-to-be former SNP leader saw her popularity plummet from 20-point highs in 2020 to single-digit lows. The First Minister went from the trailblazing female leader of Scotland’s most consequential party to a humbled shadow of herself, choking back sobs during her resignation speech. I would be lying if I said Sturgeon leaving office didn’t thrill me. Her leadership has been divisive, incompetent and wholly unaccountable. However, the greatest irony is what brought Ms Sturgeon’s fall from grace. How did a woman who led her party to win the popular vote in three general elections become such a toxic public figure overnight? Surprisingly, it wasn’t the fact that Scotland has consistently recorded the highest drug deaths in Europe since 2018. Or even that, under her leadership, the country has run up one of the largest budget deficits in the developed world. Or that Scotland’s NHS prefers spending on “Progress Pride” badges for staff rather than tending to its crumbling healthcare system. In fact it was the SNP leader’s submission to gender ideology. Sturgeon committed herself to championing new self-ID laws and the rights of a trans-identifying rapist like Adam Graham, AKA Isla Bryson. So how did the leader of a country grappling with a cost-of-living crisis, a struggling school system, and an increasingly ineffective NHS think it best to prioritise the alleged woes of Scotland’s tiny 32,000 trans-identifying population? In pursuing this, Sturgeon set herself on a collision course not only with established UK law, but also completely ignored the will of the Scottish people, the majority of whom are not comfortable with Sturgeon’s radical gender ideology. According to recent polling, just 29 per cent of Scots supported the Gender Recognition Reform (GRR) Bill – with 54 per cent opposing it entirely. Even among SNP supporters, 42 per cent opposed the reforms and 42 per cent were in favour of them. Yet despite this, Sturgeon chose to plough on. The climax of this lunacy came during her recent interview with ITV, where she struggled to explain her policy on the rights of trans-identifying prisoners. In the uncomfortable exchange, she was forced to recognise that there are indeed circumstances in which trans-women are not actually women. And in doing so, she unwittingly highlighted the real-world implications of self-ID laws and radical gender ideology more broadly. For example, how do politicians reconcile the demands of trans-identifying prisoners with the concerns of biological women? And to what extent does refusing to tackle these issues head-on constitute a failure on the part of our politicians to protect society’s most vulnerable? The answer couldn’t be more self-evident. Nonetheless, many analysts see the implosion of the SNP as a blessing to Starmer’s Labour Party. After all, the last time Labour won a landslide at a general election was with significant support from Scotland. But the same issue that brought down Sturgeon could equally be Keir Starmer’s undoing. Not long ago, the horrid treatment of Labour MP Rosie Duffield at the hands of her colleagues – for reiterating the need to protect women’s spaces – once again highlighted the party’s weakness on this issue. The irony wasn’t lost on the fact it was male MPs in the party who were shouting down a woman for standing up for the rights of women. It was even less surprising that Starmer was nowhere to be found following the hostile exchange in the Commons. There are questions mounting over what a Labour government would mean for women. To add insult to injury, his smugness over the European Court of Human Rights clearing his party on anti-Semitism issues begs the question as to why the party can’t get to grips with its “woman” problem. Can it be trusted when its leader can’t define what half the population is? And make no mistake – this is clearly a women’s issue. There is a reason why we don’t see similar outrage over trans-men (ie biological women) in men’s sports, prisons or shelters. Men don’t have to worry about trans-men in their spaces because they pose no real threat. It would be almost impossible to imagine a scenario where a trans-man would beat biological men at elite-level sports. Our politicians have wilfully ignored this grim reality, which has led to the downfall of Scotland’s most pivotal political figure of the 21st century.