In just over 100 days at the helm in Downing Street for Mr Sunak it feels like everyone of them he has had the shadow of his predecessor obscuring any limelight he may enjoy. So it was today even as the British political establishment came together in unity to support the Ukraine cause. The Ukrainian President came to the UK - making only his second departure from his country since war began almost a year ago - with the specific aim of getting Britain's support for fighter jets. His cheerleader in chief on the international stage was, of course, Boris Johnson. It was no accident that he singled out the former Prime Minister standing near the front of the crowd in Westminster Hall today for "doing the impossible" and bringing together the international coaliton against Russia and Vladimir Putin. While he repeatedly said "thank you Rishi", it was clear the love in with this latest resident of Downing Street just does not have the same piquance of his orginal ally. But on a day when Mr Sunak must have thought he could not fail to get good press, Mr Johnson dropped his verbal bomb. "There is no reason," he insisted "why Ukraine cannot be supplied with fighter jets." The scene for the afternoon press conference was set and it was going to be uncomfortable for Mr Sunak. Repeatedly the current Prime Minister was asked why he would not send fighter jets to Ukraine. He began to reach desperately for excuses. There was more than a hint that it was European allies at fault -- "we have treaties which mean we have to get their agreement....President Zelensky is going to Europe on his way home to talk about this." Remember it was Britain who led the way with tanks and Germany who held theirs back. But then again the tanks happened after an intervention from...you guessed it...Boris Johnson. Sunak kept trying to put words into the President's mouth with Zelensky looking blankly on as he said repeatedly: "I think the President will tell you..." Then there was Sunak's "it takes more than two years to train...this is complicated equipment." This is what brought the moment of awkwardness as Zelensky politely told him he can send pilots over with two and a half years experience. "Maybe we can accelerate that part," said Sunak. READ MORE: UK could send fighter jets to Ukraine as Zelensky visits Number 10 While Mr Sunak had more than hinted he is looking at the fighter jets issue he was obviously not ready to do what Mr Zelensky was demanding. The Ukrainian President had even brought a pilot's helmet as a gift in a as subtle as an artillery barrage message over what he wanted. The proverbial open goal was there for Mr Johnson to score a political hit against the man whose resignation forced him out. He duly rolled the ball into the back of the net. It left Mr Sunak have a more frustrating day than he had perhaps envisaged and again acted as a reminder to Tory MPs that there is an alternative in case they want to change Prime Minister for a third time in less than a year. DON'T MISS Zelensky's gift to Parliament was a message to the world for war aid [INSIGHT] POLL – Should Rishi Sunak call a general election before next summer? [REACT] Sunak's under the radar appointment has Rejoiners spitting feathers [REVEAL] But this has been a never ending problem for the Prime Minister in his short tenure so far. Wherever Mr Sunak goes (or doesn't go) there is Mr Johnson hobnobbing with the great and the good being feited as Mr Prime Minister and making pronouncements on policy. It was true in Egypt for COP27, then at Davos in Switzerland for the World Economic Forum and then Mr Johnson managed to get to Ukraine before Sunak. But it was perhaps even truer today in London with the arrival of the international hero of the hour. Even in rushing to the airport to make sure he was the one on the tarmac to welcome Zelensky, some were wondering if Mr Sunak was trying to get their before Boris Johnson. Mr Johnson himself was seen running to Parliament to get his place in Westminster Hall to view the Ukraine President's joint speech to the two Houses of Parliament. The Prime Minister must be thinking that his focus should be to beat Labour but everywhere he turns he has to cope with the shadow of his predecessor. 