Rishi Sunak reiterated that "there isn't a deal" with the EU to fix issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol, but said there is "an understanding of what needs to be done". Speaking to reporters after his speech to the Munich security conference, the Prime Minister said: "There are real issues that need resolving. The way that the protocol has been implemented, it's causing very real challenges for families, for people, for businesses on the ground. Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has expressed his hope for a positive outcome to negotiations between the UK and EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol. Mr Varadkar had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council, Ursula von der Leyen, on Saturday ahead of her meeting with Rishi Sunak. An Irish Government spokesperson said Ms von der Leyen briefed the Taoiseach on the negotiations. The spokesperson said the Taoiseach expressed his strong wish to see a "positive outcome that provides a new foundation for relations between the EU and the UK". The statement continued: "Most importantly, he hoped for an agreement that can pave the way for restoration of the institutions under the Good Friday Agreement.  "They agreed to stay in close touch in coming days as matters progress." But ahead of his trip to Germany, Mr Sunak stressed that "there's more work to do" as he vowed to continue "intensely" negotiating with the EU. He said: "We have not got a deal yet. "That's why both the Foreign Secretary and I, but also the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, will continue talking to the European Union to try and find solutions to protect Northern Ireland's place in our internal market and the Belfast Good Friday Agreement, resolve the practical issues and address the democratic deficit." The term "democratic deficit" is used by Northern Ireland unionists to describe the application of EU rules in the region without local politicians having an influence on them. Mr Sunak said he had "positive conversations" with the five main Stormont parties in Belfast on Friday. However, he was warned by the DUP leader that his proposed deal did not go far enough. READ MORE: Sunak says there is still 'work to do' to reach Brexit deal on NI  Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said it appeared "real progress" had been made in negotiations, but reportedly added that Mr Sunak's proposal "currently falls short of what would be acceptable" to the party. The Prime Minister is likely to push EU leaders for further concessions on the oversight role of the European Court of Justice, but this could prove a major stumbling block. Any compromise over the court's jurisdiction could fail to persuade the DUP and Eurosceptic Conservative MPs in the European Research Group (ERG) to accept the deal. A potential intervention by Boris Johnson, who negotiated the protocol as part of his Brexit deal, raised fears of a Tory rebellion when the changes are put to a vote in Parliament. But an ally of the former prime minister guided away from the prospect. ERG deputy chairman David Jones told The Times there had been no dialogue with No10. "If the situation remains that Northern Ireland is automatically absorbing a large quantity of EU law without input from elected representatives and is still subject to the European Court of Justice it won't resolve the difficulties," he said. DON'T MISS:Biden warned to stay away as Hoey warns Good Friday Agreement in peril [INSIGHT]Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers with more questions [ANALYSIS]If Rishi delivers on migrants he is back in the game [COMMENT] The UK and the EU have been engaged in substantive negotiations over the workings of the protocol, which was included in the Withdrawal Agreement to ensure the free movement of goods across the Irish land border after Brexit. The protocol instead created economic barriers on trade being shipped from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. It has proven to be deeply unpopular with unionists, who claim it has weakened Northern Ireland's place within the UK, and the DUP has used a Stormont veto to collapse the powersharing institutions in protest at the arrangements. Sir Jeffrey said any deal had to meet the seven tests set out by his party - the key condition for restoring an executive at Stormont. The Prime Minister is also expected to meet German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and other European leaders at the Munich summit. The UK and the EU have been engaged in substantive negotiations over the workings of the protocol, which was included in the Withdrawal Agreement to ensure the free movement of goods across the Irish land border after Brexit.