Long before fame and fortune, JK Rowling was working on her first Harry Potter in the Portuguese home she shared with her first husband Jorge Arantes. The author had married the TV reporter in 1992 after a whirlwind romance bonding over Jane Austen. The couple shared a daughter, Jessica, together before Rowling left a year later describing their marriage as “very violent and very controlling.” In the new podcast The Witch Trials of JK Rowling, the author claimed that Arantes – who has confessed that on one occasion he “slapped her very hard” – held her manuscript of Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone “hostage” so she wouldn’t leave him. The 57-year-old shared: “He was searching my handbag every time I came home and I didn’t have a key to my own front door. had to act as though I wasn’t leaving him and I don’t think I’m a very good actor…That’s a terrible way to live. He knew what that manuscript meant to me because at a point he took the manuscript and hid it. That was his hostage.” Rowling continued: “When I realised I was definitely going to go, I would take a few pages of the manuscript into work each day… just a few pages so he wouldn’t realise. “Gradually, in a cupboard in the staff room, bit by bit, a photocopied manuscript grew and grew because I suspected…he would burn it. The only thing I prioritised beyond that was my daughter but at that point, she was still inside me as safe as she could be.” Arantes has since responded to this, telling Daily Mail: “I don't know why she is saying what she is now, maybe she is delirious from three years of Covid lockdown. I was surprised when I read about this. I deny it. It doesn't make any sense. Why would I do something like that? Maybe you should ask her.” Meanwhile, the 54-year-old who still lives in Portugal claims he helped her write Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone. READ MORE: JK Rowling addresses 'ruining her legacy' over transgender row Arantes added: “When she was writing the book, I was participating in it, she was reading it out to me, and I was reading it to her. The first book was fascinating; the writing was wonderful, and I always liked it because we shared a passion for literature, and especially literature for children. The project was for seven books, and I was very involved with the first one and she knows that. She started writing it when we were together.” The first husband of Rowling reportedly now lives a solitary life in Porto, where he first met his ex-wife.