American flight attendant Cici shared her "top hotel security tips from a flight attendant" on her TikTok channel. The crew member explained that safety is the most important thing for her when she stays in a hotel for work or leisure, and revealed that she always follows a security routine after she checks in. The flight attendant recommended travellers always "follow these tips when checking into your hotel room". According to the travel expert, it is essential to "always count the number of doors to the exit stairwell". This is in case there is a fire and "it is too dark or smokey" for hotel guests to see where the exits are. Being prepared and familiarising with the security and evacuation maps that are often displayed on the corridors is key to staying safe in case of an emergency. READ MORE: Millions of Britons may avoid Spain holidays if tourist tax is imposed  The flight attendant also advised travellers to make sure the door is fully shut whenever they leave their room. "I see doors not fully shut all the time walking through the hallway," she said. In fact, hotel doors are usually heavy but they normally need a final push the close properly. When going out, British tourists should be extra careful, especially in a foreign country, and carrying safety devices like a safety alarm is recommended. The flight attendant explained that she uses "a personal safety alarm like the Birdie". Birdie is a personal safety alarm "made for women".  This colourful device has "a loud alarm and flashing strobe light designed to deter an attack" and can be purchased online for less than £20. "I bought one for all the women in my life," Cici said. The flight attendant continued: "If someone knocks at the room and says they are housekeeping, but you didn't order anything, call the front desk. "This could also be room service, security or anything you weren't expecting." Travellers should never open the door if they are not expecting someone or haven't requested anything from the front desk. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' Finally, "for added protection at night", the flight attendant recommended "using these door safety alarms, if someone opens the door, it will set it off". "Always bring two door wedges or door stop alarms just in case you have an adjoining room and they weren't able to accommodate your room request." Door-stop alarms can be found on Amazon for just £6 with some people saying it is "an alarm that would wake up the dead". "Honestly, this thing is loud! Purchased for our daughter to take abroad for her first school ski trip," he explained in an Amazon review. The flight attendant added that ideally, hotel guests should request the room they want in advance which should be one without "an adjoining room". Adjoining rooms, which are hotel rooms that have a door that connects with the room next door, can sometimes be dangerous as if the guests forget to lock the door from their side, people could easily access from the other room. A traveller said on TikTok: "Adjoining rooms scare me" and another one recommended always placing furniture in front of that door. TikTok user @j_piper commented: "Life-saving tips! Thank you, I'll do the same thing!"