The Half Moon Bay murder suspect has pleaded not guilty after seven people were killed in a shooting. Chunli Zhao, 66, personally told the San Mateo County hall he is not guilty of the crimes at 1.30pm local time (9.30pm GMT). After issuing the plea via an interpreter, the court said the next case hearing will be on May 3. Chunli appeared in court wearing a red jumpsuit behind partially opened plexiglass windows with a Mandarin-speaking court-appointed interpreter standing beside him. He spoke only three times, answering in the affirmative when a Mandarin translator relayed several questions from the judge about his understanding of his rights and his not-guilty plea. Chunli is charged with seven counts of first-degree murder with special circumstances and one count of attempted murder after he allegedly shot and killed seven co-workers at two mushroom farms on January 23. One other person was shot in the shooting but survived. According to Courthouse News, defence attorneys were helping block Chunli from sight of the pool cameras in the courtroom. A judge denied their request to keep cameras out of the courtroom last week. In an interview with NBC Bay Area, the 66-year-old admitted to carrying out the shootings. However, he said he endured years of co-workers' bullying and claimed that he wasn't in his right mind that day. The shooting followed a dispute over a $100 Chunli was told he had to pay to repair farm equipment after he was involved in a collision that involved a bulldozer and a forklift, NBC Bay Area reported. Moments before opening fire, Chunli vented his frustrations at the supervisor and a co-worker whom he blamed for a collision between his forklift and a bulldozer, prosecutors allege. After the confrontation, he allegedly shot the supervisor and the coworker, along with the co-worker’s wife and two others at the farm. Prosecutors suspect Chunli continued his shooting spree at Concord Farms, another mushroom farm across town, where investigators say he killed a former assistant manager whom he felt wronged by, as well as another couple. The San Mateo County Coroner’s Office identified six of the seven Half Moon Bay fatalities as Yetao Bing, 43, Qizhong Cheng, 66, Marciano Martinez Jimenez, 50, Jingzhi Lu, 64, Zhishen Liu, 73, and Aixiang Zhang, 74.