Epsom College headteacher Emma Pattison and her husband hosted a “last supper” with friends in the hours before their deaths. Mrs Pattison, her seven-year-old daughter Lettie, and her husband George were all found dead at their home on the grounds of the private school in Surrey.  They had all been shot and a firearm, which is licensed to George Pattison, was found at the property. Surrey Police believe Mr Pattison, 39, shot his wife and daughter before turning the gun on himself. A friend has spoken about the couple’s dinner party which was held on Saturday night and says nothing seemed “unusual”, just hours before the suspected murder-suicide. They said: "It was quite an intimate affair and literally turned out to be their last supper. “Nothing unusual happened. There were no arguments, no indication he would go on to do something so horrific a short time later."  Moments before Mrs Pattison was shot, she is said to have called her sister Deborah Kirk. It is understood that her sister rushed to the home after receiving the distress call, but by the time she got there all three of the family were dead. After joining Epsom College, as its first female headteacher, Mrs Pattison recorded a podcast with students where she spoke about how her new role had seen big changes for her family. In the podcast, which has since been deleted, she said: "In terms of transition it’s been a really big change for my family. “We’ve moved house - we’ve bought a dog." READ MORE: Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit  She added: "I’ve got a new job, my husband has got a new job, that wasn’t meant to happen but it did and my daughter has started a new school so there’s been a lot of change for us as a family. "I am absolutely loving my time here so far. It's been very busy but absolutely wonderful. The college has been so supportive and everyone has been very, very welcoming." It has emerged that in May 2016, Mr Pattison had called police saying his wife had slapped him around the face. He then called the police again, asked them not to visit, and said he had overreacted. DON'T MISSFirefighters call off strikes after reaching eleventh-hour pay deal [REVEALED]Former MP found guilty of making £20,000 in fraudulent expenses claims [REPORT]Sunak nightmare as poll shows SNP would overtake Tories in election [ANALYSIS]   Police did visit and Mrs Pattison was arrested on suspicion of common assault. She was questioned and later released without charge. The Daily Mirror reports that the police were told the couple was suffering from marriage problems at the time. Officers heard that Mrs Pattison's job as a deputy headteacher of an independent school in Leatherhead had caused issues. Surrey Police had also visited the Pattison’s home in Epsom three days before the killings after Mr Pattison notified them of a change of address in relation to his shotgun licence. The Force has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct because of the short period of time between their visit and the three deaths. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.  