Manchester United are though to the final of the Carabao Cup after battling their way past Nottingham Forest. The Red Devils won 2-0 courtesy of goals from Anthony Martial and Fred, meaning they’ll now face Newcastle in the final. Express Sport now takes a look at the team that should start that game later in the month, especially after the arrivals of Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer.  Nobody is ousting David De Gea from the United starting XI anytime soon. The Red Devils strengthened their goalkeeping department in January, bringing in Butland following Martin Dubravka’s return to Newcastle. But neither Butland or Tom Heaton will start against Newcastle, providing De Gea stays fit. The United star will always face scrutiny and his distribution, admittedly, isn’t up to scratch. Yet De Gea deserves to be the club’s No 1 and, when the game comes along, will be hoping to win the trophy for the second time since his arrival in 2011. Diogo Dalot has struggled with injuries in recent times, giving Aaron Wan-Bissaka a chance to save his Old Trafford career in the process. But the Red Devils are far better with the Portugal international, whose prowess going forward gives them the edge. Luke Shaw’s experience will likely see him start the game at left-back. He fell behind Tyrell Malacia earlier in the season but, since then, hasn’t put a foot wrong. And Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez are a formidable centre-back partnership these days, meaning they’d be likely to get the nod over Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof. On transfer deadline day, United revealed Christian Eriksen would be sidelined with injury until late April or early May. And they then moved to land Marcel Sabitzer, with the midfielder arriving from Bayern Munich on loan. Sabitzer is poised to partner up with Casemiro and, if United can get him back to his RB Leipzig best, they’ll be onto a winner. Playing ahead of the pair should then go Bruno Fernandes. The United star suffered last term, like many of his team-mates, but is now back to his best - and the Red Devils are all the better for it. Another player United signed in January was Wout Weghorst. And though he’s still adjusting to life in his new surroundings, there’s a feeling he’s offering a new dimension to Erik ten Hag’s attack. Anthony Martial is good on his day but, given his season so far, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see him pick up another injury before the final against Newcastle. On the right will go Antony, who has shown some positive signs of improvement in recent times. And Marcus Rashford owns the left flank these days, having netted 18 goals across all competitions for the club this term.