 Every UK adult can invest from £1 to £20,000 in either a cash or stocks and shares Isa, and take all their returns free of income tax and capital gains tax for life. The deadline for using this year's Isa allowance expires at midnight on April 5, 2023. If you fail to use it by then it is gone for good (although you do get a new one next tax year). Savers can choose between a low-risk cash Isa and a riskier stocks and shares Isa, and seven in 10 investors typically play safe with cash. Many will be wary of shares after last year's crash, but new figures confirm that stock markets are still hugely rewarding if you invest for the long term. While equities can be volatile in the short run, over the longer term they beat almost every rival asset class, and in particular cash. Advisers say you should never invest in shares for less than five years, to give your money time to recover from a market correction. But the real rewards are measured in decades, according to asset manager Standard Life. Its analysis shows that somebody who invested £1,000 in the FTSE All-Share Index on December 31, 1985, would have had £20,000 by the end of last year. If they had invested £10,000 they would have a cool £200,000. That is an increase of 1,900 percent over the 37-year period, roughly the equivalent of a typical working lifetime. It works out as an average total return of 8.45 percent a year before charges, thrashing every savings account albeit with added risk.   If somebody had deposited £10,000 in an average savings account paying just two percent a year since 1985, they would have just £20,807 today. The value of their cash holdings would have fallen in real terms after inflation, because £10,000 in 1985 is the equivalent of £27,287 today. The FTSE All-Share gives you exposure to both the FTSE 100 and FTSE 250, plus several hundred more UK companies, giving exposure to the large majority of UK shares in one fell swoop. It is easy and cheap to invest in, through a low-cost index tracking fund such as iShares UK Equity Index Fund or HSBC FTSE All Share Index. These funds have no upfront charges and ongoing annual management fees of just 0.21 percent and 0.06 percent respectively. The FTSE All-Share climbed 1.81 percent over the last 12 months, despite the global crash, and is up 4.85 percent so far in 2023. Over the longer run its return is astonishing. Stock market investors have had a bumpy ride, including the Black Monday crash in 1987, the tech stock meltdown in 2000, as well as the financial crisis, Covid pandemic and last year’s Ukraine war and inflation shock. While money invested in shares is at risk and you could get back less money than you pay in, investors should shrug off the multiple ups and downs over time, said Jenny Holt, managing director of customer savings and investments at Standard Life. READ MORE: 'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's risky     “It's unsettling to see your pension or Isa fall because of market turbulence, so do not focus on the short-term but consider your longer-term investment goals.” Past performance is no guide to the future but Standard Life's figures do highlight how shares can recover from downturns to grow over the longer term. Holt has five tips to help investors last the course. Think long term. History has shown that over 10 years or more, markets usually rise in value. So do not worry too much about short-term falls. Stay calm. If you panic and sell after a crash you will lock in your losses and miss out on the eventual recovery. You effectively lose twice. Diversify. It makes sense to spread your money across different countries, markets and sectors. Do not just invest in shares but also bonds, cash, property and gold, to even out your returns in good times and bad. Know your attitude to risk. You may want to take a more cautious as you get older as you have less time to recover from a crash. Seek advice if need be. Investing can seem complex so consider paying for expert advice. Find-an-adviser search website Unbiased.co.uk can help you find an investment expert in your area. 