Another pensioner has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he no longer qualifies for the Warm Home Discount after the government changed the criteria, at a time when millions of people are struggling to get by during the cost of living crisis. Peter is 66 in April and can't understand why he is no longer eligible for the discount which he was depending on to pay his energy bills. Changes to the Warm Home Discount (WHD) were made last year but the effects are only being felt now as vulnerable Britons on low incomes are discovering they won't receive it this year. The changes made by the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) mean that some people who live in smaller properties, or those that are classed as more energy efficient, won't receive the discount this year even if they rely on benefits. Readers have been writing to Express.co.uk, criticising the changes which many think are unfair. One reader, Peter, told Express.co.uk:  "I live in a park home and have received the WHD for a number of years. "I completed the form on line as usual and at the end was simply told I didn't qualify and that the decision is final. I'm deeply angry and frustrated."  He's not the only one losing out this winter - 69-year-old Pamela from Tyne and Wear also told Express.co.uk she can only afford to put her heating on for half an hour a day after losing the Warm Home Discount. The pensioner was counting on the payment of £150 to pay her energy bills which have more than doubled during the last year. Pamela told Express.co.uk: "People who have received it in the past are no longer getting it, so how is that right?" "I've had to cut back on heating, limiting myself to maybe a half-hour burst when it gets really cold. I've also bought a low wattage electric heater, which I've worked out costs about 19 pence an hour to run. It takes the edge off." DON'T MISSState pension age set to rise - how it compares across the world [INSIGHT]State pension petition for payment rise due Government response [ALERT]Do you support the state pension age rise being brought forward? POLL [UPDATE]  Express.co.uk has also spoken to Robert Galloway from Hull who has lost the discount despite suffering with Multiple Scerosis -  a condition which can deteriorate when it gets cold. He said he was "depending on the money" because he's received it every other year but can't afford to have his heating on as much this year, even though the cold is affecting his health. Express.co.uk has contacted the Government department responsible for the Warm Home Discount, asking for comment. According to BEIS, three million households will receive the Warm Home Discount this year, compared to around 2.2 million in previous years.  The discount is given to households on means-tested benefits who live in homes that BEIS has estimated are a "relatively high cost to heat". If people live in a property classed as more energy efficient, they won't receive the discount this year even if they rely on benefits. The BEIS uses data on the type, size and age of the property, taken from the Valuation Office Agency, to estimate whether a property is a high cost to heat. People can check if they are eligible for the Warm Home Discount by using the eligibility checker on the GOV.UK website. Express.co.uk is running a poll to find out what people think about the changes to the criteria. One website user, @L65 said: "I have COPD, am on a low income and have received the WHD for several years as keeping warm is vital with this health problem. Not this year when I need it the most due to the increase in costs. Many will struggle to keep warm due to these changes. Another reader @Anniemclego wrote: "My parents worked hard all their lives to buy their own home and never claimed a penny other than their state pension. "Now that they’re elderly and need the extra money they aren’t eligible for anything because they both have a very small work pension." So what do you think? Should the Government U-turn on changes to the Warm Home Discount criteria? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 