Former international development secretary Justine Greening says she decided to be open about her same-sex relationship while she was in the post as “you can’t be at your best if you can’t be yourself”. The politician announced her relationship with partner Tess via Twitter in June 2016, the same day Pride events supporting gay and lesbian rights took place across the world. The message said: “Today’s a good day to say I’m in a happy same-sex relationship”. In an interview with Gloria De Piero for GB News, Conservative Ms Greening admitted to having been scared to talk about her private life. She said: “There were personal interviews as a Cabinet minister I just didn’t do because I thought, ‘What am I going to say if they ask about my relationship?’" “I couldn’t ever lie. That would have been untenable for me." “So I tended to not do any of that stuff. I thought, ‘This is ridiculous’.” She added: “I think it’s really important for people to be themselves at work.” While nervous before sending the message, she was inspired by Cabinet colleague David Mundell, then Scottish secretary, who came out earlier the same year. Ms Greening, 53, said: “At that moment, when I was done with the Tweet but hadn’t pressed submit, I just remember thinking that somehow my life’s going to change." “But I thought, based on everyone else I had listened to – people like David Mundell who was a really great mate of mine in Cabinet – it would change for the better." “Before you do that, you’re not sure. And really, none of us should have to go through any of that." “But I think while we’re on that journey, then I’m part of how we can normalise things and make people realise it really isn’t such a big deal.”    She received support from fellow Tories and Labour MPs such as Yvette Cooper. “I got this flood of lovely responses from Parliament – I remember Yvette Cooper coming up to me – and from Cabinet colleagues and from the wider world.” She continued: “I just met someone who I fell in love with and it was as simple as that. You just have to follow how you feel and be happy. “I think that’s the most important thing in life. You put a lot of your time into work, into things that you might care about. But fundamentally – you should be doing things that make you happy.” ● Listen to the full interview on Gloria Meets, GB News, today, 6pm