People across the UK are being told to expect colder temperatures over the next few weeks, with some potentially seeing the mercury dip below zero. The Met Office is also predicting that the “Beast from the East” could make a return next week, prompting fuel warnings from experts. In colder temperatures, condensation occurs when water vapour comes in contact with a hot surface. This can sometimes occur in the fuel tank, as any space not filled up with fuel will be taken up by air containing water vapour, potentially increasing the number of breakdowns seen on roads. Dr Dan Clarke, Global Head of Science and Technology at SulNOx Group Plc, warned of potential E10 fuel issues if motorists are driving in the cold weather. He said: “The main problem is that the additional bio-ethanol content in E10 prefers to mix with water as opposed to petrol. READ MORE: Driving law changes to deal with conflict 'largely been to no avail' “Where there is sufficient of both, it leaves the petrol and combines with the water to form a separate layer at the bottom of the fuel tank. “The fuel line then draws from this watery alcohol mixture which is pumped directly into the engine.” He acknowledged that petrol or diesel are very unlikely to freeze in the temperatures typically experienced in the UK. But, water condensation left in the empty fuel lines can easily freeze and prevent fuel from reaching the engine. DON'T MISSElderly drivers taking mandatory fitness tests may reduce car crashes [SHOCKING]Electric car demand falls as drivers stick with petrol and diesel [INSIGHT]Clever supermarket fuel-saving tips will slash consumption rates [HELPFUL] Mr Clarke added: “The introduction of E10 in the UK is likely to have more of an impact on motorists than it has had in other countries which generally have a warmer climate. “Preventing this separate watery alcohol phase from forming is the key to removing the problems associated with E10.” E10 fuel was originally introduced to forecourts in September 2021 and replaced E5 as the standard grade of unleaded petrol in England, Scotland and Wales. Northern Ireland followed suit when the fuel was launched in November 2022. READ MORE: 'Hard to tell' if supermarkets are cutting petrol and diesel prices It is seen as a “greener” fuel compared to E5, given that it is blended with up to 10 percent renewable ethanol and made of materials such as sugars and waste wood. There were concerns over the number of cars which were incompatible with the petrol, although the Government reassured drivers that E5 would still be available at most forecourts. Ben Richardson, CEO of SulNOx Group Plc, added: “Although the rollout of E10 is a step forward towards decarbonisation, the issues with the alcohol combining with water is effectively like producing vodka in the fuel tank.” The RAC is also warning that drivers could see “engine hesitation” in colder temperatures if there is an issue with the fuel system, or even if they are low on petrol. If the car is running very low on petrol or diesel, it could have disturbed some sediment in the tank and sucked it past the fuel filter. This could cause a small blockage, which is why drivers are urged to keep their fuel tanks above half full in the colder months. They also warn that car fuel systems can become contaminated with water, and with the cold weather, it can freeze, preventing the engine from running altogether. The issue is most acute in the fuel lines, which feed the individual injectors. These are very narrow and can be blocked by tiny ice particles, starving the engine of fuel.