Manchester City appear to be facing an uncertain future after they were charged by the Premier League with numerous breaches of financial rules on Monday after a lengthy investigation that spanned a period of four years. German outlet Der Spiegel published leaked emails back in 2018 which suggested that City owner Sheikh Mansour had inflated the club's commercial figures in an attempt to get around Financial Fair Play restrictions. City continued to deny the notion of any breaches of financial rules, but the publication of the leaked emails sparked a four-year investigation from the Premier League which has resulted in an unprecedented number of accusations being levelled against the defending champions. It has been claimed by talkSPORT that City could face a points deduction or even relegation if they are found guilty of at least 50 per cent of the charges, which would see them return to the Championship for the first time in over 20 years.They last played in England's second tier in the 2001/02 campaign, at the end of which they earned promotion as league winners by taking 99 points from their 46 matches. A number of well-known faces shone for City over the course of that season, with many going on to enjoy successful careers in coaching and management after the end of their playing days.Nicky Weaver was City's first-choice goalkeeper the last time they played in the Championship and has since held a number of different roles but is currently the academy goalkeeping coach at Sheffield United. Fellow stopper Carlo Nash has also gone into coaching in the lower leagues with Oldham Athletic, Salford City and Port Vale, where he remains after joining their ranks at the start of this season. JUST IN: Leeds board have five candidates to replace Jesse Marsch Stuart Pearce made 38 appearances for City in their title-winning Championship season and has enjoyed a decent career in coaching and management with spells at England under-21s, Nottingham Forest and most recently West Ham United. He also managed Great Britain at the Olympics in 2012 but currently finds himself out of work after leaving the Hammers last year.A number of other prominent City players have opted to pursue coaching roles, including the likes of Gerard Wiekens, Eyal Berkovic, Paulo Wanchope, Danny Granville, Darren Huckerby and Jon Macken. Shaun Goater, who finished the 2001/02 campaign as City's top scorer with 32 goals in all competitions, has stayed at the Etihad Stadium as a youth coach while Kevin Horlock managed Needham Market to the FA Cup third round earlier this season before they were knocked out by League One side Burton Albion. Others have gone into punditry since hanging up their boots, with Richard Dunne plying his new trade on BT Sport after joining the network to cover Champions League matches back in 2016. Ali Benarbia also opted to venture into broadcasting and is a presenter on Al Jazeera, while Shaun Wright-Phillips has been running the rule over games for Premier League Productions in recent years.Niclas Jensen decided to take an unusual path when he called time on his playing career back in 2009, with the Dane embarking on a new journey as a football agent. Alfie Haaland has also played a huge role in shaping the fortunes of his son Erling and was an instrumental figure in negotiating the latter's move to City from Borussia Dortmund over the summer. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. However, a number of other players in City's most recent Championship side have led quiet lives away from the spotlight in the years since retiring from professional football. It remains to be seen whether the club will be forced to return to the second tier if the allegations against them are proven to be true in due course, although such a punishment is widely considered to be extreme at this stage of proceedings.City released an official statement on Monday in which they vehemently denied the charges levelled by the Premier League at the end of their four-year investigation into the matter. It read: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with."The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.