The lawn will start to grow again when the soil temperature reaches above 6C, and although the UK is still experiencing cold weather, it’s important to prepare the lawn now for the new season. Jack Sutcliffe, founder of Power Sheds, has shared five common lawn mistakes to avoid when caring for your grass this year. One mistake gardeners make is not raking their lawn, and this is a job which should be done throughout the year, even in winter. Not removing debris and leaves can block out light and prevent moisture getting to the lawn, causing a dry and patchy lawn. Ideally, gardeners should be raking their lawns once or twice a week, depending on how much build up there is. The expert explained: “Trees are almost bare in winter, with many leaves falling onto your lawn. It can be an easy common mistake to forget about keeping your garden tidy during the colder season, but you should rake as many leaves off as possible. READ MORE: Six front door paint shades to ‘avoid’ - colours ‘overused’ “A layer of leaves will keep your grass from getting the sunlight it needs to warm up and dry out – leading to a patchy lawn come spring.” The lawn should be fed at certain times of the year, and a specific amount should be used, referring to the packet instructions. When feeding the lawn, it’s important not to feed it too much as it could harm the lawn, causing yellow and brown patches or even killing the grass. While mowing the lawn in February is fine if it needs a haircut, gardeners should avoid cutting the lawn too short when the weather is cold. DON'T MISS:‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p [COMMENT]Five leftover foods you can grow for ‘free’ this spring [INSIGHT]Five ‘stylish’ features to bring the ‘wow’ factor to your kitchen [EXPLAINER] The expert recommended setting the cutting height higher than when it is used in summer months to avoid scalping the lawn, which can lead to lots of problems. The gardening pro said: “Be careful not to trim your grass too short to keep your lawn looking healthy throughout winter. “Grass growth slows during colder months, so it’s recommended you adjust your mower’s blades accordingly for proper grass care. “While you don’t need to mow your lawn as regularly, you should continue to do so every three to five weeks.” READ MORE: ‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ The lawn needs water in order to survive, just like all plants in the garden. Despite the grass going dormant during the winter months, it still needs water to prevent them from dying. Luckily, the weather during winter months can keep the lawn moist, but gardeners should water their grass if the weather is dry. The expert added: “There’s a common misunderstanding that homeowners don’t need to water their plants during the winter due to shedding leaves or rainfall. “This isn’t the case, your lawn, plants and shrubs still need water, or they will become dehydrated. Continue watering your lawn throughout winter to keep it healthy throughout the harsh weather.” The expert explained: “Limiting foot traffic on your lawn during winter is important because your grass will need time to rest and heal after the summer. “One common mistake people make during winter is they believe it’s best to stay off your lawn completely. “Frost is the only time you should keep everyone off your lawn because it makes the grass fragile and brittle.” Walking on a frosty lawn can break the blades of grass which can cause stunted growth as well as a patchy lawn, which may not always be visible until spring.