Over the winter months, plants can become damaged from frost, snow and cold weather. Common signs of frost damage on plants include black scorching and brown patches on leaves. Frost damage happens most commonly on new and young growth. To start with, patches appear on the edges of the leaves but it soon spreads to the whole leaf. Lawns, potted and bedded plants are also vulnerable to damage, however, plants in beds have more protection and insulation from the earth. With cooler temperatures, ice and snow on the horizon, gardeners are likely looking for ways to protect their gardens from ice and cold weather. Luckily, lawn care experts from Hayter, a premium lawnmower brand, have shared three ways to keep your garden protected against frost during the winter months. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace Gardeners should keep a close eye on the weather forecast as winter presses on. On nights when frost is forecast, it may be worth moving your potted plants inside where they’ll be "less susceptible" to damage. If you don't have a shed, greenhouse, cold frame or an outbuilding, consider putting them in a conservatory or porch area temporarily to protect them. Potted plants do not enjoy the same insulation and protection as in-ground plants, and are therefore "particularly vulnerable to frost damage". The experts added: "Try not to place your plants anywhere too hot straight away, as the temperature change can do more damage than good – move your plants to a garage, shed or greenhouse for best results." DON'T MISSBanish algae from patios and paving without ‘scrubbing’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [UPDATE]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [ANALYSIS] It can help to add a physical layer of protection to vegetable patches, and there are a few ways this can be done. Covering your garden plants or shrubs with fleece is a "great way" to protect them from frost damage. Simply make a dome-like structure around the plant in question with some horticultural fleece and peg it into the ground with stakes to create a tent-like covering. READ MORE: Get dahlias, hardy annuals, colour and plants ‘for free' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Using a cold frame is another great way to ensure your plants grow and thrive while protecting them from frost. A cold frame is a transparent-roofed outdoor frame that is built close to the ground and used to protect plants from extreme weather. Cold frames are useful because plants can still benefit from sunlight while they are guarded against heavy winds and frost damage. DIY cold frames can be made from recycled materials like old pallets and fencing. Another way to protect potted plants is to wrap the pots in bubble wrap. Using this technique traps warm air around the plants. When it's frosty, the water inside plant cells can freeze. Bubble wrap, while unusual, creates a layer of insulation that protects the plant's roots from freezing and then thawing. If you are struggling to protect your plants each year from frost and cold weather, it may be worth investing in hardier plants that can cope with freezing weather. Some examples include foxgloves, crab apples, snowdrops, primroses and holly.