A body has been found by police searching for a 39-year-old missing mother-of-three who has not been seen since before Christmas 2022 as a man was arrested on suspicion of murder. Sarah Albone, who was officially reported as a missing person on February 21, had not been seen since before Christmas 2022.   Her family shared a picture of the missing mum, who was also known as Sarah Smith, as concerns grew that she'd not been sen for months. However, on Saturday, police found the body of a woman in Sarah’s back garden at her Biggleswade home in Winston Crescent. Formal identification has yet to take place. Authorities said that a man in his 30s was arrested on suspicion of murder on the day the body was found and he remains in custody.    The missing mum has been described by several neighbours as a “lovely girl” who was “full of beans”, reports claim. Her sister Nikita Clayson, 29, refused to speak about the incident on Tuesday from the steps of her £195,000 semi-detached house in Haynes. Sarah's ex-husband, Stephen Albone, also declined to comment. Detective Chief Inspector Iain Moor from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit said: “We have specialist officers working to support Sarah’s family and we would continue to ask that people respect their privacy at this very distressing time.    “We have a dedicated team of detectives working hard to establish the facts around this case and are particularly keen to speak to anyone who has seen Sarah over the past few months to establish exactly what happened to her. “We have had a really good response so far from the community in Biggleswade, however I would urge people not to speculate about what happened or share assumptions or rumours, particularly on social media. “If you do have information, no matter how small, it could prove vital to supporting our efforts and we again would ask you to come forward and report it.” People possessing information have been urged to contact Bedfordshire Police by calling 101 or to use the online reporting centre quoting Operation Pasteur. People can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.  