Liverpool and Manchester City are both reportedly interested in Bundesliga sensation Daichi Kamada however they could face competition from Newcastle United and Tottenham. The Eintracht Frankfurt star has been one of the standout players in German football over the last 12 months and is attracting attention from across Europe. Kamada is a key player for Frankfurt and has been integral to much of the success they have enjoyed in the past years. The Eagles won the Europa League in 2022 and have continued their form this season as they challenge at the top of the Bundesliga. They will face Napoli in the Champions League round of 16 as they impress in Europe’s premier competition. The Japanese international has been on fire, netting 13 times in 26 games in all competitions and his performances have caught the eye of some of the Premier League’s biggest clubs. He is out of contract at the end of the season and would be available for nothing. 90min reports that Liverpool and Man City would like to add him to their ranks over the summer with Tottenham and Newcastle also keen. He has also attracted attention from Barcelona, PSG and Borussia Dortmund with his versatility a major strength. He primarily plays as an attacking midfielder but he is also capable of filling in across the frontline. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal Kamada has previously caught the eye while playing in England which may help him adapt to the Premier League if he does arrive over the summer. He scored a double at the Emirates in 2019 as Frankfurt claimed a surprise win over Unai Emery’s side in the Europa League group stages. Thierry Henry is one of his biggest admirers and the Frenchman believes he will always be amongst the goals. “I like the way he thinks. I like the way he plays,” he told CBS. “Not really strong, he doesn’t jump too high and he’s not really fast but what he does very well is that he always appears in the box. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges “He can’t run past people. So what he does is he lays it off, then make sure he follows and makes it inside the box. He stays alive every single time. I really like Kamada. He’s a very good player. He will find a way to score.” It remains to be seen whether or not Kamada will make a move to the Premier League in the summer with the battle for his signature set to be intense.