Liam Gallagher had a hip operation earlier this week. The Oasis star spoke out on going under the knife in view of his 3.6 million Twitter followers. The 50-year-old quipped "Riverdance here I come" as he recovered at home following the major procedure. However fans of the star worried his famous "swagger" may be no more, but Liam was having none of it. He also replied to the suggestion he was "getting old", posting about his "comeback being real". It comes amid rumours of an Oasis reunion with his brother Noel Gallagher, 55. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman highlights pert rear in skin-tight cut-out dress Giving a health update, Liam commented: "Morning Rastas so I had my Hip operation last wk. "All went well and RESPEK to all the doctors n nurses who looked after me."(sic) The singer continued: "Big shout out to the A team for getting us home safe n sound you know who you are. "And Florence guru I love and adore you Riverdance here I come LG x." He went on to share a link about Riverdance on the micro-blogging site, after his earlier quip. One user soon asked him about his trademark walk, and Liam seemingly couldn't resist replying. "I hope the operation hasn’t affected your swagger," they stated. The star joked: "I’m getting my physio to study old videos of my walk so we don’t miss a trick the comeback is real." DON'T MISSAmanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumblesRachel Stevens inundated with support as she moves out of family homeSusanna Reid breaks silence after 'confronting' GMB staff over errors Another person told him: "Getting old now lad," but Liam tweeted: "No way man I’m half new." Some were much more complimentary, with one message reading: "You look good for 50." "I’m happy," Liam replied to them, before discussing how his recovery was going. A fourth posted: "Nice one LG does this mean you’re gonna go back jogging. Does it hurt like f*** mate," to which the Mancunian agreed. His health woes come just weeks after Noel reportedly wouldn't rule out an Oasis reunion. According to The Sun, the guitarist told a DJ pal: "Well, you should never say never… "It would take an extraordinary set of circumstances but that’s not to say those won’t ever come about." The brothers are said to have grown closer amid the breakdown of Noel’s marriage to Sara MacDonald.