Researchers have announced that a man was cured of HIV after receiving stem cell treatment over a decade ago. The 53-year-old man from Germany has now become the third person ever to be declared clear of HIV, the virus that has killed 40 million people since its outbreak in 1981. Globally, 1.5 million people became newly infected with the virus in 2021, while approximately 650,000 died from AIDS-related illnesses. In this latest breakthrough, the patient was declared "cured" of the virus, about a decade after he underwent a procedure that replaced his bone marrow cells with HIV-resistant stem cells from a donor. Researchers noted that the man, who wished to remain anonymous and is only known as the Dusseldorf Patient, went four years without receiving anti-retroviral therapy (ART) while suffering no relapse. This is a treatment that is widely given to HIV patients in many countries and is designed to suppress the virus to undetectable levels and it cannot be spread to other people if taken regularly. However, this does not eliminate HIV from the body, but rather the immune system keeps the virus locked up in reservoirs, and if an individual stops taking ART the virus can begin replicating and spreading again. In a true cure, like what was observed with the Dusseldorf Patient, the stem cell treatment eliminates the reservoir of the virus, according to Nature.  To date, two other patients in Berlin and London have been cured of the virus after receiving stem cell treatments. Ravindra Gupta, a microbiologist at the University of Cambridge, UK, who led the team that treated the London Patient, said that the latest study “cements the fact that CCR5 is the most tractable target for achieving a cure right now”. All three of the patients were given this transplant because they had also developed acute blood disorders after being diagnosed with HIV, with the Dusseldorf Patient developing leukaemia in the months after starting ART. The 53-year-old, who was diagnosed with HIV in 2008 and received his transplant in 2013, said: "I still remember very well the sentence of my family doctor: ‘Don’t take it so hard. We will experience together that HIV can be cured.' READ MORE: Miracle lamb with six legs given lifeline after being born 'healthy'  "At the time, I dismissed the statement as an alibi. Today, I am all the more proud of my worldwide team of doctors who succeeded in curing me of HIV – and at the same time, of course, of leukaemia.’" To celebrate the 10th anniversary of his transplant, the Dusseldorf Patient said that he celebrated it with his donor "as a guest of honour". Dr Bjorn-Erik Ole Jensen of Dusseldorf University Hospital said: "Following our intensive research, we can now confirm that it is fundamentally possible to prevent the replication of HIV on a sustainable basis by combining two key methods. "On the one hand, we have the extensive depletion of the virus reservoir in long-lived immune cells, and on the other hand, the transfer of HIV resistance from the donor immune system to the recipient, ensuring that the virus has no chance to spread again. DON'T MISS: UK firms face ‘cliff edge’ when Government support drops, experts warn [REVEAL] UK handed untapped 'highest energy' goldmine to swerve blackouts [SPOTLIGHT]Russia to launch ‘rescue ship’ to space after leak strands astronauts [REPORT]  "Further research is now needed into how this can be made possible outside the narrow set of framework conditions we have described." A stem cell or bone marrow transplant replaces damaged blood cells with healthy ones. It can be used to treat conditions affecting the blood cells, such as leukaemia and lymphoma. This transplant is used are used to treat conditions in which the bone marrow is damaged and is no longer able to produce healthy blood cells. Due to the significant risk of complications due to infections, stem cells treatments are only carried out where the patients have other life-threatening diseases. While stem cell therapy is unlikely to become widely available soon, the researchers feel optimistic that their findings will help future studies looking into HIV cures. 