Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) came face to face when the serial killer broke into the sergeant's house. The duo had a dramatic showdown before Tommy poured petrol all over himself and set his body alight. Catherine did her best to put the flames out, but it was too late, as she discovered Tommy had died from his injuries. Happy Valley viewers were left divided over the ending, and there were many unanswered questions. Many fans were left gutted as they wanted to know why Poppy Hepworth (Bonnie Stott) still wore her coat inside. Things took an unexpected turn when Catherine faced Tommy in the kitchen as he admitted: "I don't hate you anymore." It seemed the villain had taken a U-turn after realising his son, Ryan (Rhys Connah) was happy and that was because of the way the officer had brought him up. "I hated you. I hated you for not telling me I had a boy," Tommy shouted. "But last night I had a glimpse at what a nice life he has had and I don't hate you anymore. I forgive you and I am sorry that I didn't treat Becky any better." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "You forgive me?" Cathering fired back. "You delinquent f**k. You have no idea what you did to Becky. And you forgive me?" "I loved her," the killer insisted. "I loved her, she made me feel normal! "And then she didn't want to know me and that's when I got cross and that was because of you." Tommy proceeded to douse himself in petrol, as he told Catherine: "If you taser me it won't work, petrol doesn't conduct electricity but you might well spark me off, but then oh yeah, you might get done. "But believe it or not, I don't want you to get done you daft b***h. "I want you to be here, with Ryan, so I'll do it myself. "I have already taken a load of pills anyway, I am not going back to prison." As the series came to a close, Catherine exposed Faisal (Amit Shah) after finding out where the diazepam had come from. And as the officer paid a visit to her daughter's grave, she received a text to say Tommy had died. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [THEORY]BBC backlash as fans blast Michael McIntyre over 'fake' surprise [VIDEO] However, following the showdown between Tommy and Catherine, fans still had many questions unanswered. Taking to Twitter, many viewers wanted to know why Poppy never took off her coat. Roxy asked: "But why did the little girl wear her coat all the time!? So many unanswered questions." Amy said: "I still don't get why the little girl wouldn't take her coat off?" While Lucy Cross tweeted: "What a final episode. Absolutely brilliant. But what about poppy’s coat?!" Emma Jennings wrote: "#HappyValley wow what an ending.. #SarahLancashire is amazing. Although we never did find out why Poppy never took off that flipping coat!" "Well, I loved #HappyValley. Catherine solving Joanna’s murder as she walked out the door was totally on point. Old-fashioned copper," Karen Berry praised before adding: "Would have liked a resolution to Poppy not taking her coat off if I’m being picky but there you go. Ryan saw through TLR at last." (sic) "We still don't know why Poppy didn't ever take her coat off or why Neil had such a high-pitched voice #HappyValley #HappyValleyFinale," Fran complained. Happy Valley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.