Meghan Markle "will use the excuse" of looking after Archie and Lilibet to turn down the invite to King Charles's Coronation and avoid any awkward backlash from the British public, insiders claim. Sources close to the Royal Family told The Times that Meghan looks set to "use the excuse of looking after Archie and Lilibet, and Archie’s birthday" to avoid the ceremony. It is understood that Meghan does not want any awkward confrontation over recent tensions between the Sussexes and the Royal Family, as well as a potential backlash from the British public. The source said: “She will use the excuse of looking after Archie and Lilibet, and Archie’s birthday. But no-one really knows." Archie turns four on May 6 this year, the same day as the King's Coronation. They added that many within the royal household believe that Harry will attend the coronation, even without Meghan by his side. This echoes a new poll for the MailOnline which found support for Charles inviting the Sussexes to the ceremony, with 47 percent in favour and 36 percent opposed. JUST IN: Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK  The Redfield & Wilton Strategies survey suggested people would like to see Harry at the event, although the margin was only 38 percent to 36 percent. Far fewer were keen on Meghan's appearance, with 43 percent saying she should stay home against 33 percent backing her attendance. The poll also suggested Brits don't want to see Prince Andrew attend, with just 26 percent agreeing with him being there. Also in The Times report, the Duke of Sussex remains adamant that King Charles and his brother the Prince of Wales should issue a private apology before he considers attending the coronation.  Harry said in an interview with ITV to promote his memoir Spare that the “ball is in their court”. Tensions have been running high between the two sides since the publication of Harry's memoir Spare, and a series of TV interviews to publicise the book. In response, a source close to the royal family told The Times that "there is no sense that an apology is owed". DON'T MISS: Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK [LIVE BLOG]Sick Nicola Bulley ghouls publish books about mum's death [REACTION]New maps show wall of snow covering length of UK [FORECAST]  They said: “They aren’t going to apologise because they don’t recognise Harry’s version of events.” The invitations to the 2,000 guests for Coronation will be sent out in two weeks' time. Omid Scobie, a reporter with links to the Sussexes, claimed that “no one knows their plans right now — the couple has yet to be invited and can’t make a decision, nor any form of itinerary until that happens". Meanwhile, Harry has announced an 'intimate' livestream with the public to promote his book, according to his publisher. The Duke of Sussex will appear at the virtual event hosted by his book’s publisher, Penguin Random House, next Saturday, March 4 5pm GMT, to "discuss living with loss and the importance of personal healing". 