Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have no doubt had access to some finest cuisine in the world, but nothing beats some home-grown veggies. What is Prince Louis' favourite vegetable? Growing fruit and veg is a great way for families with young children to bond. Back in 2019, Kate Middleton spoke to baking legend Mary Berry about her family's love of harvesting their own veggies - and a certain Prince's favourite one. In conversation with Mary, Kate revealed: "We grow our own vegetables, we've got carrots, beans, beetroot's a massive favourite, Louis absolutely loves beetroot." She joked that little Princess Charlotte "obviously loves her Charlotte potatoes". READ MORE: Tom Kerridge shares best cheap ingredient - 'works really well'  Prince Louis would have been less than two years old when Kate made this revelation about the royal's sophisticated tastebuds. And it's probable that years on the Wales family are still growing their own nutritious veggies for Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four. While it's important for growing kiddies - and adults - to consume lots of fresh fruit and vegetables, Kate also told Mary that the family are partial to a treat meal. When asked by Mary Berry if she ever cooks with the children, Kate told the culinary legend that she "really enjoys it".  The Princess suggested that cooking with your kids can be a fundamental part of their child development. She stressed the importance of allowing them to "be creative and as independent as possible with it". What delicious 'fakeaway' dinner do George, Charlotte and Louis like to whip up with their mum and dad? Kate said that one of the last meals they made as a family was pizza using Mary Berry's pizza dough recipe. READ MORE: Sunshine Cake: Make Mary Berry's delightful dessert - recipe  Kate shared that the fun dinner went down a treat - the children "absolutely loved it". The Wales family are a big fan of Mary Berry, and it looks like the national treasure has had a particularly huge impact on little Prince Louis. "Mary" was actually one of Louis' very first words, Kate explained, "because right at his height are all my cooking books in the kitchen bookshelf". "And children are really fascinated by faces, and your faces are all over your cooking books and he would say, 'That's Mary Berry', so he would definitely recognise you if he saw you today." On a visit to Great Ormond Street Hospital in 2018, Kate got chatting to four-year-old Rafael Chana who was waiting for a heart transplant. Kate told the young boy that Princess Charlotte - who would have been a similar age at the time - shared one of his favourite foods. When Rafael told Kate that he was a big pasta fan, Kate revealed that her daughter "also loves pasta". The royal particularly enjoys cooking up cheesy pasta with her young ones.