Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are likely to "make a commercial move" into TV as there is "appetite for the Duke and Duchess" in the US, according to a celebrity PR expert. This comes as the couple have reportedly hired Ellen DeGeneres' broker Adam Lilling, previously named one of the Top Dealmakers in Hollywood. Mr Lilling, who has previously worked with Nicole Kidman, said in the past that he is focused on creating "profit opportunities". 'PR to the stars' Mayah Riaz told The Mirror: "It would be naive to not expect Harry and Meghan to make a commercial move post their Netflix series and Spare. "The Netflix series was tailored for the American audience and it shows that there is an appetite for the Duke and Duchess in the States." She explained: "Meghan had a career before moving into the Royal Family. "Now that they are not working Royals, should this mean that she should not make a move back into TV? I don't think so." When asked what she thought Meghan might start working on next, Ms Riaz answered: "She may not take a role in a long-running series. However, I absolutely can see her making a cameo. READ MORE: Royals must warmly welcome Harry and Meghan (they'll be bamboozled!  "I think the majority of the public in the UK will hate them making any sort of commercial moves. "But what do they expect? They need to work, their security bill runs into the millions and they, rightly so, are not taking a penny from UK taxpayers.  "However, they very much know who their audience is and they are catering for a non-UK audience - we saw that from the Netflix series." DON'T MISS:Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern [LATEST]Eugenie 'broke ranks' by joining Harry for Super Bowl Event [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan 'undecided' over attending King Charles's Coronation [SPOTLIGHT] The PR expert added that Harry and Meghan's brand had not been "harmed" following their revelations about life in the Royal Family. She said: "Netflix was an indicator of something more. People may not have liked it, but they did watch it and it was the highest-viewed Netflix series. Harry's book was the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever. "If they have hired Adam Lilling, then I believe that is a smart move and from a PR point, I fully expected them to have that sort of support. They are not catering for the UK market." 