The Spanish press have criticised Alejandro Garnacho after the Manchester United star mocked Pedri following his side’s 2-1 win over Barcelona on Thursday night. The Argentine couldn’t resist mimicking the Spain international following the contest at Old Trafford. However, publications in Europe have now condemned the 18-year-old for his actions. Manchester United fell behind against Barcelona in the 18th minute, with Robert Lewandowski converting a penalty to break the deadlock. However, goals from Fred and Antony then transformed the fixture with the Red Devils proceeding to book their place in the Europa League round of 16. At full time, Garnacho angered many Barcelona fans by copying Pedri’s famous celebration. The teenager mimicked a pair of binoculars, as the Spain international often does. And, now, the Spanish press have slammed the teenager for his actions. Sport say the message was ‘provocative’, with Garnacho also saying the ‘big team goes to the next round’ to rub salt into Barcelona wounds. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And Mundo Deportivo don’t hold back, with their assessment the most-brutal of them all. They said the gesture was ’in very poor taste’, while also pointing out Garnacho ‘hasn’t been in elite football for very long’. They also say the controversy is something that potentially suits the United star, too. Mundo point out that, earlier in the season, Garnacho dubbed Cristiano Ronaldo the ‘best of all time’ - despite training with Lionel Messi. United aren’t expected to come down too hard on the teenager for his actions after the game. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit However, Erik ten Hag would perhaps be wise to have a word with the youngster to ensure he doesn’t make the headlines for all the wrong reasons in the future. To potentially explain Garnacho’s actions, it’s worth looking back at his younger years. The player grew up supporting Real Madrid, even if he actually was developed at Atletico Madrid. Ten Hag, meanwhile, opened up on what he told the players at half time against Barcelona to spark such a magnificent turnaround. “I emphasised the belief," said the Dutchman. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It was too flat first half. We had our spare man, Casemiro we didn’t use enough. “Aaron Wan-Bissaka had a lot of space on the right side, we didn’t use enough. “I think in the pressing we could be more brave. So that is what we emphasised. "The second was to make the sub with Antony who brought more speed in the play and who brings belief on the pitch." As for Xavi, the Barcelona boss bemoaned his side’s failure to match United with their intensity. "United were very intense in that second half," the Spaniard told a post-match press conference. "They are in very good form at the moment and are very good at home. “It is those fine details that made all the difference."