Customers visiting Starbucks branches in Italy can enjoy a selection of olive oil-infused coffees from today as part of the new "Oleato" range. Three drinks have landed on the menu as part of the debut though they are not yet available in the UK. Here's what you can expect from the Italian-inspired range when it arrives. Starbucks is known for its flavoured frappuccinos and various holiday-themed drinks but the latest additions to the menu are a little different. The Oleato range includes a caffè latte, iced shaken espresso, and a golden foam cold brew. In Milan, an Oleato iced cortado, Oleato "deconstructed", and a golden foam espresso martini is also available to customers. A spokesperson said: "The line of coffee beverages brings together the unexpected – Starbucks arabica coffee deliciously infused with a spoonful of Partanna cold pressed, extra virgin olive oil. The result is velvety smooth, delicately sweet, and lush coffee that uplifts each cup with an extraordinary new flavour and texture. Speaking about the new menu items, the premier roaster and retailer's Chief executive, Howard Schultz explained that the unique idea stemmed from a personal habit of his which is to enjoy a daily spoon of olive oil. READ MORE: Meghan's gesture was 'so much different' in early days says expert Howard said that he adopted the popular Italian custom while travelling in Sicily last year and started adding the oil to his morning coffee. The Starbucks executive was surprised by the "unexpected, velvety, buttery flavour that enhanced the coffee", adding that it "lingers beautifully on the palate". While the unusual flavour combination sounds odd, Howard noted that "the proof is in the cup". Southern California will be next in line to try the Oleato range in the spring, while the UK, Japan and the Middle East will have to wait until later in 2023. DON'T MISS...Stewardess on luxury yacht asked to go to America and bring coffee [INSIGHT]‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ [REVEAL]Drinking decaf can reduce caffeine withdrawal symptoms, study finds [ANALYSIS] Only time will tell how customers will respond to the new drinks, though Howard has shared his excitement about the launch. He said: "In over 40 years, I can't remember a moment in time where I've been more excited, more enthused that demonstrates the pride, the quality, the passion, the heritage and the craft of what Starbucks can do." It's not just coffee that customers can get their hands on either. CNBC reported that Starbucks is also unveiling an Oleato espresso martini, which will be available in select locations in Italy, as well as Seattle and New York. READ MORE: 'Critical steps' you should never miss when cooking a fry-up The Oleato was named using the Italian word for "with oil" and is expected to be "a market-maker", according to the coffee roaster's Chief Executive. While the drinks are exclusively available in Italy for now, coffee lovers have taken to Twitter to share their reactions to the news. One user named Stephanie Rader @stephanieRade18 wrote: "I’m an Italian my mother was the first American born in this country in my family. I’ve been drinking espresso all my life and not from Starbucks. Olive oil has flavours, it does not mean oily espresso (although in their case it might)." Another commented: "Cream in your coffee? Sure. Sugar? Please. Olive oil? Say what, now?"  Though some people were concerned about the taste, others pointed out that the cost of coffee could increase with the new ingredient. One user named Karl Wells @karl_wells tweeted: "Starbucks plans to offer coffee containing a tsp. of olive oil. They say it's transformational. It's not. Medicinal - maybe. Who wants the pungent smell of an olive oil slick in their nose at 7am? It looks more like soup than a cup of java. + Olive oil coffee will cost more."  To offset inflation, Starbucks revealed that they had already raised prices by around five percent, though Howard noted that he does not expect any more increases. Current prices in the UK start at £2 for a small Starbucks coffee and go up to £5 for a large Frappuccino.