Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A financial upset forces you to make last-minute changes to a cherished plan. Don't panic; a bigger and better opportunity will emerge. On the 5th, the Full Moon finds you moving away from a hobby or person that you've outgrown. Give yourself permission to move on to greener pastures. A professional talk will go extremely well on the 10th; you could be offered a raise, promotion, or a high-powered job on this transformational day. The New Moon on the 20th is perfect for taking a well-deserved break from work and personal responsibility. Reward yourself with a nap, spa treatment, or lavish gift. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Inconsistent behaviour will undermine your career progress on the 4th. If you make a promise, stick to it, even at the risk of taking a temporary financial hit. The Full Moon on the 5th prompts you to walk away from a domestic problem that is draining your energy. Find a living situation that allows more freedom. Working with a respected expert will inspire a creative project on the 10th. Friendship could quickly turn to romance on the 15th; trust your intuition in this matter. It won't steer you wrong. Do your best to satisfy your employer's demands on the 16th; you'll be richly rewarded for going beyond the call of duty. Gemini (May22/June21) Unexpected developments will throw a monkey wrench in travel plans on the 4th. Instead of getting upset at this change of events, assume that the revised plan will be even better than the original. The Full Moon on the 5th brings in surprising communication about a test or application. Remember that whenever one door closes, another opens. The 10th is an ideal time to apply for a loan, grant, or scholarship; don't be daunted by lots of paperwork. A creative project or proposal will get an enthusiastic reception on the 15th; seize this incredible opportunity to showcase your artistic talent. Cancer (June22/July23) A friend's instability wreaks havoc with your finances on the 4th. It's time to stop bailing out this troublemaker; let them accept the consequences of their actions. The Full Moon on the 5th makes you yearn for more money; it's time to develop a prosperity consciousness. Cultivate a sense of abundance instead of dwelling on feelings of loss. A conversation with a business or romantic partner will change things for the better on the 10th. Get straight to the point, and don't be afraid to address sensitive subjects. Sharing your expertise on the 15th will be richly rewarding. Don't be surprised if someone expresses romantic interest in you on this magical day. Leo (July24/Aug23) Tension between your personal and professional lives will rear its ugly head on the 4th. Have a blunt conversation with your romantic partner or best friend about your priorities now; you can't afford to neglect your job. On the 5th, the Full Moon finds you breaking away from a restrictive professional role. Give yourself permission to pursue a job that allows you to flourish and grow. A flirtatious conversation makes you glow with happiness on the 11th; it's fun to joke with someone who understands your sense of humour. On the 16th, a romantic interest will try to rain on your parade; remain stubbornly optimistic. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Don't pay attention to a teacher with restrictive beliefs on the 4th. You're smart enough to develop a winning philosophy of your own. The Full Moon on the 5th forces you to come to terms with a nagging fear. Instead of sticking to a dull but familiar situation, venture into new territory. Someone will express romantic interest in you on the 10th; it's nice to be appreciated for your distinctive allure. A heartfelt declaration on the 15th could prompt you to embark on a relationship, make a romantic commitment, or renew sacred vows. Work responsibilities will drain your energy on the 16th; take frequent breaks and get lots of sleep once this busy day is over.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Focusing on debts can cause them to expand on the 4th. If you're having trouble making ends meet, make a list of all the blessings you enjoy, both material and spiritual. What you focus on will expand, including finances. On the 5th, the Full Moon causes a rift in your social circle. Walking away from a manipulative person will cause you to breathe a massive sigh of relief. Negotiating a mortgage or lease is favoured for the 10th when your powers of persuasion will be powerful. Pursue a job that speaks to your heart on the 15th; your chances of landing a position that feeds your soul are very strong. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A close partnership causes strife with your home life on the 4th. It's time to decide whether this relationship is worth disturbing your inner peace and personal space. The Full Moon on the 5th prompts you to walk away from a work situation that makes you miserable. You're making bold strides for the sake of your own happiness; give yourself a handsome reward for this bravery. Learning a specialised skill on the 10th will dramatically improve your earning potential; be patient and allow yourself to make mistakes. The 15th will be a blissfully romantic day for you; get ready to fall head over heels in love. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Anxious thoughts take a toll on your health on the 4th. Take this opportunity to release a stressful situation, even if it means taking a temporary financial loss. The Full Moon on the 5th illuminates some beliefs that have been working against you. Instead of obeying conventional wisdom, adopt a liberating philosophy. Limiting attitudes aren't helpful for a free spirit like you. An exciting financial opportunity is yours for the asking on the 10th. Don't be afraid to ask for more money than is originally offered; you have more power than you realise. Wonderful news about a dream home or family matter will reach your ears on the 15th; it's time to celebrate. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Don't overextend yourself financially on the 4th. Buying a loved one a lavish gift won't secure their affection; impress them by spending quality time together. On the 5th, the Full Moon will cause you to end an emotional or financial association that feels suffocating. Advancing your financial and emotional interests is strongly favoured for the 10th when people will be impressed by your intelligence and charisma. The 16th is one of the best days of the year to increase your fees, ask for a pay rise, or interview for a lucrative job. The New Moon on the 20th will pave the way for a lovely pleasure trip. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Beware of imposing your will on a relative or close friend on the 4th. By showing respect for a person's free will, you'll forge a path to a better relationship. The Full Moon on the 5th triggers an intense talk about a business or romantic alliance. You may decide it's time to go your separate ways. Connecting with an audience should become much easier on the 11th; this is a good time to go on a job interview, first date, or audition. Finding your dream job is a distinct possibility on the 15th; contrary to popular belief, you don't have to be miserable to earn a fortune. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Beware of blurting out secrets on the 4th, as you want to maintain an important person's trust. On the 5th, the Full Moon finds you wrapping up a job that has been getting on your nerves. It will be a real relief to move on to greener pastures, even if you don't have any more work in the pipelines. The best way to find a fresh work opportunity is to network, especially on the 10th. Attending a party or social gathering on this day could be very profitable for you. The 15th will be an especially romantic day, as your natural good looks will be strongly emphasised. Prepare to turn heads wherever you go.