A husband killed his wife by stabbing her 68 times after setting up cameras to expose her affair, a court has heard. Harry Turner is accused of murdering Sally Turner at her home in Durham on June 22 last year.    The case was highlighted by Queen Camilla when she made a speech about “a global pandemic of violence against women” in November 2022, at Buckingham Palace.   Teesside Crown Court has heard the couple had encouraged each other to have sex with other people.   But the accused still tried to expose his wife’s affair and told a friend he had set up cameras to catch them in the act.   And the court heard he handed over a phone to a friend which he claimed contained evidence that his wife was cheating on him.   The 54-year-old denies murder but admits manslaughter on the grounds he had a loss of control. The Crown has not accepted his plea. The court heard the pair met in 2016 and were married a year later.    Mail Online reports they both had a child from previous relationships. Sally and Turner also had legal responsibility for Sally's two grandchildren, the children of her daughter. Prosecutor Mark McKone told the court the couple were having marital difficulties and were living at separate addresses at the time of Sally’s death.   He said she had been having an affair with a taxi driver who would often take one of her grandchildren to school.   The court heard Sally told Turner he would never see the grandchildren again.   Mr McKone said: “The marriage was breaking down and both sides blamed the other for the breakdown.   “Harry Turner correctly believed Sally was having an affair and would check her phone."   He added: “The infidelity is complicated by messages from Harry and Sally appearing to show or encourage each other to have sex with other people. “Sally had started a relationship with a taxi driver who took one of the grandchildren to school.   “She required a special taxi as she had disabilities.”   On the day of his wife’s death, a neighbour saw him in the garden of Sally’s property and they said he was walking calmly around.   In a witness statement, the neighbour said she heard a “very loud scream” which lasted around five or six seconds.   This was then followed by another scream, which was similarly loud.   She said Sally's daughter then arrived in a taxi and found her mother’s body inside the home.     A bent kitchen knife was found on worktop and another kitchen knife was found under Sally's leg.   Her husband was found outside an Iceland store nearby and was arrested. He was covered in dried blood. The jury heard that Turner had told one of his work colleagues that his wife was having an affair and that he’d set up cameras to catch her. They also were told that he later took time off work due to stress and depression. He is also alleged to have handed over a phone to a woman and told her it contained evidence of his wife’s affair.   Turner is said to have smelled “of alcohol” when he did this.   Jurors heard that his friend felt “sympathy” for him so agreed to hold on to the phone, which he later collected.   The trial continues. 