Jamie Carragher pointed the finger at Chelsea's lack of goalscoring prowess when quizzed on what went wrong for the Blues in their Champions League defeat at the hands of Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday night. Karim Adeyemi's second-half strike proved to be the winner for the German outfit, who were inferior to the Blues for large parts of the contest but managed to convert one of their two shots on target to claim the spoils and take a narrow advantage into next month's second-leg clash at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea enjoyed the lion's share of possession and chances at the Westfalenstadion but were left wanting in terms of an end product, with none of their 21 attempts on goal finding the back of the net. Carragher insisted in no uncertain terms after the final whistle that their inability to score is causing no shortage of problems for Graham Potter, who dealt with a similar issue during his time at Brighton and Hove Albion and has been struggling to get to grips with chance conversion since moving to Stamford Bridge."It's massive," Carragher told CBS Sports when asked if Chelsea's lack of bite in attack was their biggest worry against Dortmund, "For the manager they've got, they brought him in from Brighton who had a huge problem with scoring goals as well. They played great football but didn't have the quality in the final third."You look at Chelsea and you look at Graham Potter and you think okay, can he get the team playing the way he did at Brighton? They have the quality, they have the funds to go into the transfer market. JUST IN: Odegaard and Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash "But when you actually think of the money Chelsea have spent, not just in this window but in the August window as well, and to think you're playing a full season without a recognised top quality centre-forward, it's just baffling when you think it's like £600million being spent and you don't have someone at the top end of the pitch who can score a goal."Chelsea's massive problem this season has been scoring goals. I think they've scored just maybe more than a goal a game in the Premier League and that's nowhere near enough for a club the size of Chelsea. Also, the revenue that's been spent on that team, that's a massive problem." It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to iron out their attacking issues over the coming weeks as the pressure continues to build on Potter after a less-than-impressive start to his tenure in west London. However, he insisted in his post-match interview on Wednesday that he is staying positive after being encouraged by the dominance shown by the Blues against Dortmund despite coming away from the fixture empty-handed."Training as a group has been fantastic so the spirit's there in the team," said Potter. "It's just we need a little bit of luck and to carry on the performance level that we had tonight. We need to try to keep improving."We were pushing at the time [of the goal] and were the better team so to concede in that manner is what we're disappointed in but the players are honest. They know they can do better than that. We'll probably focus on the positive, which was that the performance was another step forward for us." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.