Lloyds Banking Group’s CEO spoke to Sky News yesterday about the impact of rising interest rates on peoples’ mortgages. Charlie Nunn confirmed a “mortgage shock” was awaiting 200,000 of its home loan customers. The banking group, which includes Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland and Scottish Widows, is among the largest in the UK. While appearing on Ian King Live, Mr Nunn shared 10 percent of its mortgage customers were due to exit a fixed-rate deal in 2023. He explained: “Where we're really focused on as a bank is looking at those customers that are going to have an increase in their mortgage payments which is going to increase their interest they pay as a percentage of their income. "There's less than one percent of our customers that we think are going to have a mortgage interest shock like that and what we've been doing is quietly reaching out to them READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance “There’s about 200,000 we have been reaching out to and that’s where really focus, on those customers who are going to have that increase which could make it difficult for them to make ends meet.” The chief executive reiterated the banking group was actively speaking to affected households to address issues around affordability as interest rates rise. Yesterday, Lloyds Banking Group revealed a provision of £1.5billion in 2022, with £500million of it in the final quarter, for bad loans coming ahead. Lloyds is concerned defaults on payments may increase as a result of higher interest rates in the UK. These higher rates have come about due to the Bank of England’s decision to hike the base rate to address inflation and the wider cost of living crisis. As it stands, the base rate is at four percent but is expected to go up even more which means another interest rate increase is on the horizon. The latest inflation figures show the rate at 10.1 percent, which is high, but lower than in previous months. Experts have warned if inflation continues around the level it is currently, mortgage holders should expect more interest rate rises in the future.  READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The banking group shared that the increase in interest rates assisted in making profits almost double in the last quarter of 2022. Danni Hewson, AJ Bell’s financial analyst, previously warned as many as 1.4 million Britons could be in for a “mortgage interest shock” this year. The finance expert said: “According to ONS figures more than 1.4 million people have a fixed rate mortgage which will be up for renewal over the next year. “Whilst rates have fallen since the mini-Budget threw a grenade into the works, those people will find that whatever choice they make their monthly payments will be substantially higher. “The question many homeowners have been asking is whether they should hold off re-fixing until rates come down and instead go for a variable rate or a tracker mortgage. “Every situation will be different, so the best course of action will be to talk to a broker to get the right advice for you. “With thousands of pounds a year being added onto a typical mortgage, there will be some who are finding their home has become unaffordable. “It is important to remember that whilst these may cost more in the long term, they could provide a lifeline during the current cost of living crisis.”