The dog that killed a four-year-old girl in Milton Keynes yesterday was a family pet, police said. The girl has not yet been formally identified but has been named in reports as Alice Stones. Thames Valley Police said officers were called to a house in Broadlands, Netherfield, Milton Keynes, by the ambulance service just after 5pm on Tuesday. In an update this afternoon, Superintendent Marc Tarbit said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the girl who has died in this extremely tragic incident. “Our police officers remain at the scene of this extremely tragic incident, which has shocked the whole city. If anyone wants to speak to our officers, please feel free to approach them with any questions or concerns that you may have. “Our investigation continues at pace and we conducting a number of ongoing enquiries. However, if any members of the public have any information that can support our investigation, please visit our website or call 101, quoting reference 1546 (31/1). "I can confirm that the dog was a family pet and was put down by police on the scene yesterday evening. "No arrests have been made at this time." “There has been widespread speculation about the incident which is not helpful and is distressing for the family, who have asked for their privacy to be respected at this difficult time. “We will provide further updates when we are in a position to do so.”     Officers are now trying to establish the breed of the dog. Thames Valley Police said it was a "tragic, isolated incident". The end-of-terrace home remained taped off today, with a forensic tent by the back garden and a uniformed officer and marked police van at the front of the property. Alice's heartbroken grandfather, who lives less than a mile down the road, today paid tribute to the little girl. He said: “We’re just trying to come to terms with what has happened. It’s horrendous.” READ MORE: Girl, four, dies after being savaged by dog in her back garden  Speaking after yesterday's fatal attack, one neighbour told The Sun: “We heard desperate screams last night. I heard ‘she’s dead! She’s dead!' It sounded like [her mum] Louise shouting. They were piercing screams. “They’ll stay with me forever. It was a nightmare. I’m heartbroken. They will haunt me. It’s horrendous. "Alice goes to school with my children. It’s so upsetting. The police rushed here very quickly. I could not believe it. "There is a dog there, it’s a big brown dog. I’ve only seen it at the house.” DON'T MISSPigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [PICTURED]New law may see THOUSANDS losing ability to vote at next election [ANALYSIS]BMW driver jailed for killing boys while speeding at 57mph in bus lane [REPORT]   Another local said: “It’s an absolute tragedy. Alice was so sweet. She was an angel. I’m heartbroken. "She and her mum were very close. I feel so sorry for them. It’s devastating. "My heart goes out to her family. There were never any problems involving dogs. It’s so shocking.”   