The former Canadian residence of the Duchess of Sussex was put up for sale when Meghan Markle relocated to London to be nearer to Prince Harry. This gave her fans a better view of the property she formerly owned. Meghan lived in the three-bedroom, two-bathroom house on Yarmouth Road in the Seaton Village neighbourhood for a while, primarily when Suits was being filmed. The studio, which is owned by Canadian fashion stylist Elizabeth Cabral, rented the house on her behalf. On her former Instagram account, where she often posted about her two dogs, royal fans could view images of how she decorated her previous residence. Harry used to stay at the house when he paid a visit to Meghan at the start of their relationship. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey' When Meghan had filming commitments in the city, it has been said that the Prince would pay make two secret visits to her residence in Toronto twice a month. The house was listed for $1,395,000, or around £1,061,867, when Meghan decided to put it up for sale. What is the interior like? The estate agents describe the open-plan home as "luxe" and point out that it has a cinema room, a high-end kitchen-diner, and a garden. From old pictures on Meghan's Instagram, fans could get glimpses into how she styled her property.  Her bedroom was styled in white, just like the rest of the house, with traditional all-white bedding and a big birdcage-shaped mirror on the wall. There was a wooden dresser in Meghan's room, which she topped with two more fashion books, a vase of flowers, and Dipytique candles. Each of Meghan's cabinets and bookcases was tastefully decorated with flower vases, candles, and books. Meghan had a whole shelf devoted to showing her incredible collection of shoes, which included creations by Sarah Flint, Christian Louboutin, and Miu Miu. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex dons £735 dress - but fans claim shoes are 'tacky' White bedding and a soft blanket were used in the guest room, which was also designed in muted tones. Over the bed in this room was an estimated £520 watercolour painting by New York-based artist and illustrator Jay Fariss. The modest backyard of Meghan's residence was furnished in monochromatic pieces as well. The former Suits actress liked to unwind outside on a cushioned metal love seat that had black and white striped upholstery. A central wooden decking area with a seating area and a Barbeque was another feature of the garden. Meghan's prior residence had wooden floors throughout and a red-striped rug in front of a white-painted staircase. The door opened directly into the living and dining area. A cream corner sofa that served as Meghan's dogs' ideal bed also divided the living room from the dining area, giving the space a cosy atmosphere. In order to bring some colour to the otherwise bland décor, Meghan put throws and cushions on the sofa and placed bouquets of flowers and plants throughout the space. The actress added cosy cushions, a grey-striped throw, and a cuddly-looking faux fur footstool to the living area, which also had a variety of pictures and artwork on the walls.