Ministers have summoned supermarket chiefs for talks this Mondy over vegetable shortages plaguing retailers across the nation. All the major supermarkets are expected to attend the meeting with Food Minister Mark Spencer. The intervention followed suggestions that shortages of some fresh produce could last for up to four weeks Mr Spencer said: “I know families expect the fresh produce they need to be on the shelves when they go for their weekly shop. "That is why I am calling in supermarket chiefs to get shelves stocked again and to outline how we can avoid a repeat of this.” Bad weather in Spain and North Africa has led to empty fruit and vegetable shelves in British stores, and retailers rationing available stock. Tomatoes, leeks, cucumbers, lettuces and raspberries are among the produce missing from shops. Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Aldi were among the chains which imposed limits on the number of certain fresh items customers could buy last week. Former Environment Secretary George Eustice insisted there was "nothing much" the government could have done to prevent empty shelves in supermarkets. Mr Eustice said he expected the problems to last around "three-to-four-weeks" while blaming a "cocktail of weather events" for the problems. He warned that food prices were always closely linked to energy prices, which spiked because of the war in Ukraine. He also said there was "not much different the government could have done in recent months" and "there's nothing they can do immediately" to avoid the problems affecting supply chains. Mr Eustice said supermarkets have to "work to get it right" to ensure the disruption to supplies of some vegetables are restored. Andrew Opie, director of food and sustainability at the British Retail Consortium, which represents UK supermarkets, said: “Difficult weather conditions in the south of Europe and northern Africa have disrupted the harvest for some fruit and vegetables including tomatoes and peppers. “While disruption is expected to last a few weeks, supermarkets are adept at managing supply chain issues and are working with farmers to ensure that customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce. “In the meantime, some stores are introducing temporary limits on the number of products customers can buy to ensure availability for everyone." Many supermarkets have also run out of turnips, a day after people were urged to eat them instead of tomatoes. Environment Secretary Therese Coffey last week suggested turnips as a solution to the shortages of salad crops. The National Farmers’ Union (NFU) deputy president Tom Bradshaw said a reliance on imports has left the UK vulnerable to “shock weather events”. Soaring energy bills exacerbated by the war in Ukraine have also put off some UK vegetable growers, he added. He said the UK has now “hit a tipping point” and needs to “take command of the food we produce” amid “volatility around the world” caused by the war in Europe and climate change.