Whether you're struggling to find the time to get away for a few days or simply can't afford it, it doesn't mean you have to miss out on exploring some of Europe's finest destinations. According to one travel blogger, all you need is a single day to spare to visit some nearby travel gems outside of the UK. In a recent video on her Instagram page, seasoned traveller Emma Denley (@dens_destinations) shared her top picks in Europe for those looking to spend just 24 hours abroad. She wrote: "One of the best things about Europe is how quick and easy it is to get between countries! "if you can't get much time off work or are just looking for something fun and different to do, why don't you visit another European city for the day?" Having visited all four of her recommended destinations, the London-based travel enthusiast even shared her favourite sights to add to your itinerary. READ MORE: World's best destination for LGBTQ+ tourists named  Known as one of the main cities in Italy, this urban spot has no shortage of exhibitions and museums to explore by day and plenty of pubs, bars and clubs open at night. With attractions of all kinds on offer, Emma suggested paying Milan a visit even just for 12 hours to get a taste of the culture and beautiful sights. To plan your own journey to the Italian city (which takes around one hour and 55 minutes by plane) the travel expert recommended departing London between 7:05am and 10am, with a return between 9:10pm and 10:15pm. Emma estimated that flights at these times cost around £23. Based on current Google flight comparisons for all London airports to all Milan airports, you could recreate this very trip on Wednesday, March 1 if you book with Ryanair - where prices start from just £20.  Emma's second recommendation for a one-day trip was Brussels, Belgium - a city known for being the unofficial capital of the EU. Along with claims to have the "best chocolate and beer on earth" based on traveller reviews, and for its beautiful architecture, this short-haul destination is not one to miss. While it was more expensive than Milan, the travel blogger managed to get flights for around £87 with a 7:05am-9:20am departure from London. The recommended return journey was earlier though, leaving Brussels at around 6pm. Based on current Google comparisons for the Eurostar, prices now start at around £89 for the same round trip in early March. READ MORE: The most welcoming holiday destination in the world is in the UK Paris is not a cheap city to stay in, costing around £700 for a standard two-night, three-day stay in the French capital. However, you can visit it for just one day, as recommended by Emma, for around £75. The estimated travel cost to this world-renowned city was based on a London-Paris departure time of between 8:10am and 10:30am, with a return journey between 9:25pm and 9:40pm. Based on current Google flight price comparisons, a round trip on March 1 would start at £62 if you fly with easyJet, or around £69 for a Saturday trip with Spanish airline Vueling later in the month. Another popular tourist spot for Britons, Amsterdam also made it into the travel expert European city round-up. She shared that for around £73, you can visit the Dutch destination if you get an early departure from London between 6:35am and 9am. With a return journey between 9:05pm and 9:15pm, you can enjoy a long day exploring the capital. If the famous canal and rich history of Amsterdam do take your fancy, you can get there in just over one hour by plane. According to current Google flight price comparisons, a round trip on March 1 can be purchased with easyJet for around £78. However, going later in the month could be cheaper, with prices starting at £64 on March 22. The Eurostar is also a possibility, though this tends to be more expensive than most flight options.