 CBS' long-running procedural drama NCIS returned to screens with another intense criminal case. However, this time fans took to social media disturbed by the serial killer’s weapon of choice during season 20's latest instalment.   The skilled team of agents got to work after the medical examiner, Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) inspected the decapitated head of a missing man. Palmer was blown away to see such a clean cut while Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) got to work finding the victim’s social media. She discovered the Louisville salesman had a pacemaker which allowed the agents to track down the rest of his body. With Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Alden Parker (Gary Cole) on the case, the two were led to a mysterious barn. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie  As they searched the premises, they were shocked to find the man’s headless corpse beside a guillotine. While this explained why his head was cut with such precision, fans were disturbed as they took to social media with disgust. Twitter user @Thomasrogers_1 tweeted: “My gosh that head is so freaky.” A second viewer @aclarkcountry added: “That severed head sure is creepy!”      @JBraxt29 fumed: “This dirtbag they're after is sick! I mean, they've gone after the worst of the worst before, but a serial killer with a penchant for guillotines and IEDs?!” A disturbed @littleswiftvera added to the shocked reactions, as they remarked: “That head is creepy.” A fourth fan stated: “My gosh that head is so freaky.” DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Lost star Tania Raymonde returns to NCIS after 18 years [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii star Alex Tarrant is married to a New Zealand actress [INSIGHT]  While @elongatedbean stated: “Not only did the delivery bot contain a severed head, but also a BOMB?! This case is already becoming quite bizarre.” As Torres and Parker continued to search the barn they uncovered two more executed bodies without their heads. With a serial killer on the loose, they soon realised all three victims had heterochromia or different colour eyes. Vance (Rocky Carroll) learned people in 18th-century France, with heterochromia were believed to be possessed and often executed by guillotine.  The agents then remembered Lieutenant Renee Harlan (Christy St John) was pregnant and her husband had different coloured eyes. When Torres and Parker arrived at the house, the couple were missing and the house was in disarray. Thankfully they were able to link the crimes to Sam Novak (Andrew Elvis Miller) who they learned had a stopwatch set with a three-hour timer. Alongside the clock was a photo of the missing couple chained near a pipe bomb, thankfully the team were able to manipulate the murderer into revealing where the couple were being held.  NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the US and on Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 