Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could be set to copy Donald Trump and invoke the fifth amendment - which gives an individual the right to refuse to answer any questions and state "no comment" - if they have to give testimony in Samantha Markle's lawsuit against the Duchess, a leading lawyer has told Express.co.uk. Meghan's estranged half-sister Samatha is currently suing the former actress over claims the Duchess made "demonstrably false and malicious statements" about her during her bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. Earlier this month, a Florida judge refused a stay of discovery in the defamation lawsuit, which means both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be forced to testify, or in American legal terms, give depositions. A deposition is effectively a video interview that sees the person asked a series of questions under oath. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Nathaniel Mack, a lawyer who has conducted hundreds of depositions throughout a 20-year career, said that depositions can "can be seen as a form of torture", especially for "high-profile individuals", like the couple. He said: “Depositions can be seen as a form of torture, especially for high-profile individuals who may be asked to disclose private information.They can also be a test of one’s will and stamina. “High-profile cases involving Governor Cuomo and President Trump involved nine and 11-hour depositions." READ MORE: King Charles urged to apologise over ‘utterly improper’ comment over sacked Aussie PM  Speaking of the Sussexes, Mr Mack said that their "testimony will more than likely be limited in scope and reveal few new details" and will be "more of a procession than anything else.” He explained that the Markle lawsuit is currently in the discovery stage, which allows both sides to request evidence and information in preparation for the trial. The judge's ruling means that Samatha’s lawyers will question the Meghan and Harry before July if the case continues. Samantha launched the lawsuit last year seeking £62,000 ($75,000) in damages over Meghan's claims in the Oprah interview and in the couple's unofficial 2020 biography, Finding Freedom. READ MORE: 'Divisive' Meghan Markle risks damaging 'Sussex brand' if she lashes out at South Park She wants her half-sister to admit she lied about their relationship and upbringing to sell a "rags-to-royalty" narrative. She also alleges that Meghan lied about being an "only child," as well as the last time they saw each other Mr Mack said: “Samantha must substantiate the claims in her pleadings by meeting the burden of proof set forth under United States Federal Law.“If the case survives dismissal, it will be fascinating to see what type of evidence the plaintiff can introduce to support her claims."    DON'T MISS Edward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding [ANALYSIS]King and Queen seen after Coronation tipped to snub Harry and Meghan [REPORT]Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims [INSIGHT] So far, the Duchess's legal team have cited her freedom of speech as guaranteed under the First Amendment as a defence to Samantha's criticism of Meghan's comments. They insisted her rights to "criticise" or "voice opinions" are "fundamental rights granted by the First Amendment." Samantha's lawyers have presented the court with nearly 40 questions that they want to be answered. A mediator has also been appointed in the case. This has been presented in hope of resolving the suit without a trial.  