“I never thought it was possible to win a Grand Slam,” a fresh-faced Roger Federer told BBC’s Sue Barker on Centre Court as he achieved his tennis dream in 2003. Winning speeches became second nature to Federer on Grand Slam final Sundays during his illustrious career, but none could compare to the raw emotion of an overwhelmed 21-year-old reacting to his first Wimbledon title 20 years ago. The charming Swiss star was fourth seed heading into Wimbledon so was among the contenders, but wasn’t fancied as the winner at SW19. He had announced himself on the global stage with a famous victory over the legendary Pete Sampras at Wimbledon 2001, but had failed to make a meaningful run at a Grand Slam thereafter. That all changed, however, when he arrived at the All England Club two years later, as he introduced fans to the glorious tennis that would see him dominate Centre Court for a decade. Federer dropped just one set en route to the final before storming to a straight sets triumph over Australian Mark Philippoussis in the biggest match of his fledgling career. READ MORE: Roger Federer 'in advanced talks' to join BBC Wimbledon coverage  He had suffered a back injury earlier in the tournament that threatened his tilt at his first Grand Slam, but somehow recovered to beat Spain’s Feliciano Lopez before cruising to the title. But what has lived long in the memory for fans, as well as Federer’s sublime standards of tennis throughout that special fortnight, was how he charmed the crowd with such a poignant winners’ speech. Federer made his first real connection with adoring spectators on Centre Court when he struggled to hold things together in his post-match interview. "Thank You, no it's an absolute dream for me coming true, and I was always joking around when I was a boy you know, 'I'm gonna win this', now I have it," Federer said. DON'T MISSSue Barker didn't want to do 'a Federer' after quitting Wimbledon roleFederer Wimbledon return addressed by board member Henman - EXCLUSIVEFederer ruled out of GOAT race vs Nadal and Djokovic by Thiem  "It's such a nice trophy and I am just so happy the way I played, and I never thought it was possible to win a Grand Slam. I think, maybe, the best two matches of my career and kept it going in the final. It's just incredible right now." And Federer then broke down in tears as he lifted the Wimbledon trophy after thanking his home support. "A lot of people came from Basel and home, and it's so nice to share this moment and thanks to everybody, it's great,” he added. Federer eventually went on to claim five successive Wimbledon crowns and ended his career with eight titles at his favourite tournament. But if he thought that it was far-fetched that he would one day win just one Grand Slam with his virtuoso talent, the 20 major crowns he eventually accumulated must surely have been beyond his wildest dreams.