Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes hinted that a new contract extension for the seven-time champion is close at the team's launch on Wednesday. Last year, the Briton stressed he was after a new “multi-year” deal with the Silver Arrows. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff also suggested an agreement would be signed over the winter but no fresh details had emerged. There were even fears talks had stalled after Hamilton admitted negotiations had not begun last month. However, the pair appear to have finally started mapping out the future after the covers came off the Mercedes W14. When pushed on Hamilton’s new deal, Wolff said: “We’ve done a few of these contracts in the past and they change little so it’s not usually complex apart from the obvious terms. “We’ve had a first chat but I don’t want to commit to any timeline because it’s not important for him and for us – it runs a full year and we’ll find the right time.” READ MORE: Michael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle  The Austrian denied talks were “dragging on” and insisted the relationship would continue. He added: “We’ve always found good solutions that reflect his value for the team and for the sport, and on the other side, I think Mercedes is the place he wants to be. “These things have never been a contentious point. Within us, it was no problem to sort things out over the winter before actually going racing, because it was always clear they were going to do that. It’s almost not like a first priority in sitting down, because this is going to be a journey that will continue.” Mercedes recently denied reports that Hamilton was set to sign an eye-watering £62million-a-year deal. His current contract sees him pocket around £40m with Hamilton certain to eye a pay boost on what could be his last racing deal in the sport. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tables Red Bull copycat theory after defiant statement [INSIGHT]F1 fans spot peculiar aspect of Hamilton and Russell's new Mercedes  [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff explains what Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want' from contract [COMMENT] But, Wolff has previously accepted that his next negotiation could outline Hamilton’s post-F1 career in the form of ambassadorial roles. After unveiling the new car at Silverstone, Hamilton doubled down on previous claims he would like to stay at Mercedes forever. The Mercedes title-winner also hit back at suggestions the German manufacturer needed to show race-winning potential before he put pen to paper on an agreement. He explained: “For the team, no, I don’t feel like I need them to prove [anything] to me. I think we’ve proved time and time again over the years that we have strength in depth. “We still have all these incredibly talented individuals within the team. As I said, you don’t lose that ability. We’re continuing to try to improve our processes, we’re continuing to try to be smarter in how we approach things, and with our communication. “I think there’s the best harmony within the team that I’ve seen in all these years. We’ve got a real, fresh young group of engineers and people that have just come into the team over the past year as well, so it’s an exciting time for the team, and I don’t plan on being anywhere else.”