Experts from BestHeating have shared their best hacks for saving money on household bills - collectively, these could help Britons save up to £555. Jess Steele, heating technology expert at the radiator specialist website has unveiled her most useful tips and tricks. One of the best things Britons can do to save money on energy bills is turn the heating down by one degree. This could help households save up to £80. Jess recommended: “Try putting the thermostat down by one °Celsius to see how you feel and, if you’re fine, the heating was set too high. “Many of us are guilty of putting the heating on too high and most are happy with a setting around 18C, so doing this can save an estimated £80 or up to 10 percent on a gas bill.” Another simple task households can do is install eco-lights. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving This could save a family around £30 in bills, according to Jess. She said: “Lights with LED or CFL bulbs can save the average household an estimated £3 per bulb per year. “So, in a three-bedroomed property with two bathrooms that is as much as £30 without even using less electricity.” Replacing all the bulbs in your home to LED could even reduce your carbon dioxide emissions by up to 40kg a year. A quick and simple job to save money on energy bills is to bleed your radiators which will improve efficiency as this releases air that is trapped inside. This could save a household up to £130. Jess said: “A tell-tale sign a radiator needs bleeding is cold spots around the top of the appliance, which means hot water isn’t able to fill all of the radiator, making it less effective and wasting money in the process. “More economical and new radiators can save as much as 10 percent on heating bills. “There are lots of easy to follow guides online if you are struggling with bleeding a radiator.” READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ Households could check and replace loft and wall insulation, saving them up to £200. “A quarter of the heat lost from a home is through poorly insulated roof spaces so this should be the first place you look when trying to improve the efficiency of your house,” Jess explained. The recommended depth of loft insulation is between 220mm to 270mm, which has more than doubled in the last few years. If your house is old it may have just 100mm depth, “so change this to the recommended amount to save as much as £200 on energy bills”, Jess recommended. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another more obvious tip is to only heat the room you are using. This could save a household up to £115. “Heating an unused space is adding needless money to energy bills, so ensure radiators are turned off in rooms that are not in use, such as the bedroom every morning when you leave for work,” Jess said. “Doing this will make your boiler work more efficiently, allowing the room you are in to warm up faster and saving as much as £115 if your heating is used daily. Don’t turn off any radiators in the room the thermostat is in or else it will affect the temperature of the rest of your home.” Jess added: “Bills are constantly rising so it is essential to do all we can to keep our energy bills as low as possible. There are plenty of ways to make small savings such as ensuring appliances are turned off instead of being placed in standby and purchasing draught excluders for just a few pounds to keep a room heated for longer. “Whilst your bills continue to rise, making small changes to cut back on the amount of inefficient energy being used will have a strong impact, potentially saving hundreds in the process which can be used elsewhere.”