A headteacher in Colchester has described the situation as "an absolute tragedy" after being forced to lay off staff due to energy bills that have risen by more than 300 percent. St John's Green Primary School in Colchester has been struggling to keep up with rising energy costs, with bills expected to quadruple next year. For now, the school's energy bills stand at £36,000. But the eye-watering energy costs are predicted to rise by £119,000 to £155,000 next year, leaving the headteacher no choice but to make cuts in staff. Simon Billings, headteacher said "with huge regret and a heavy heart" that "it is an absolute tragedy and a horrible situation for our school to be in – it will have ramifications across every department." He told the Daily Gazette: "We have always been conscious of the fact our funding is to provide education to our students but now I have less staff and I cannot provide the same services. "Even having prudent financial management does not matter when you are facing these types of rising bills. Something has to give." Due to the school's lack of government funding, salary hikes for teachers and support personnel have also eaten into the school's budget, costing a total of £100,000. This means that the school will now be £219,000 worse off even without taking inflation into account. The government pledged to offer a share of £500million to schools and colleges in England to help them "save on bills and manage energy consumption". However, the governors of St John's Green claim that Downing Street has not provided any more assistance. If it had, they said, they might not be in this predicament. Mr Billings understands how "cross" and "angry" many teachers are due to the lack of funding that has brought about our current circumstances. READ MORE: Angry locals gather outside school after ‘racially aggravated’ attack He said: "But, as it stands, I cannot make the situation better and there will be no easy way to mitigate the situation for our children, the staff of the school and our parents. "I can only say we have a dedicated and committed school team and the school will continue to ensure we give our utmost to our children." It follows a teacher’s strike in England on February 1 when schools were forced to close or partially close. The National Education Union (NEU) has announced more dates for strikes across Britain, with the next one scheduled for February 14 in all schools in Wales. In Scotland, teachers went on strike in two local authorities per day until February 6. Most teachers in Northern Ireland will walk out for half a day on 21 February. DON'T MISS:Schoolgirl stamped on and beaten in horror attack [REPORT]Fortnite update patch notes - Geralt, Slurp Juice and School of Llama [REPORT]Father of kidnapped Missouri children says they are 'still in shock [REPORT] According to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), teacher pay in England decreased by an average of 11 percent between 2010 and 2022. In 2022, most state-school teachers in Wales and England saw a 5 percent raise. Many teachers in Northern Ireland accepted the 3.2 percent offer for the years 2021–2022 and 2022–2023. A recent offer of up to 6.85 percent increase was turned down by teachers in Scotland. Unions say inflation means the pay increases are cuts. They want schools to get extra money to ensure pay rises do not come from existing budgets. The government has already promised to contribute an additional £2 billion in school financing, according to Education Secretary Gillian Keegan, "which would bring real-terms expenditure on schools to its highest level." READ NEXT:Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughterKate tells kids to 'talk about your feelings' in touching meetingPrince George left 'annoyed' by lesson on environment Gary Glitter's neighbours now scared to make school runVideo shows nine-year-old girl beaten by two boys on school bus