Jon Snow, 75, has reflected on his life two years after leaving Channel 4 News, which he anchored from 1989 to 2021. While promoting his memoir, Jon discussed his interviews with former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, claiming "there was something going on" between them, but it would be "too strong" to say it was sexual. Jon spoke to Margaret in 1989, recalling the experience in an interview with The Guardian, while promoting his book, The State of Us. He said: "Thatcher was a joy. She was a gift. She was a sparring partner and a flirt. "It would be too strong to say there was something sexual in it, but there was something going on." Jon further claimed that in their conversations, it wasn't like talking to the Prime Minister. READ MORE: Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice He concluded: "Everybody talks about Maggie Thatcher as being a rigid thing. She wasn’t." This is not the first time Jon has spoken about these "flirtatious" interviews with the late Prime Minister, before her death in 2013. He previously described his time with Margaret as a "pseudo-sexual experience", as he recalled their "fun" conversations. Jon said to The Big Issue in 2021: "She enjoyed being a woman and I enjoyed being a man. "It was flirtatious. She sought to prevail and I found it funny because I knew what she was up to. "I may not have agreed with her politically but she was happy to be interviewed by me. "She had conviction. And she was unapologetic about it." Jon announced that he would be stepping back from Channel 4 News after 32 years in 2021, with a heartfelt statement. DON'T MISS... Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube [HOLLYWOOD] Brian Cox urges co-star to 'smoke marijuana' instead of method acting [OPINION] Ryan Reynolds has very own Haaland at Wrexham after Puskas contender [INSIGHT] It read: "After three incredible decades on Channel 4 News, it is time to move on. "I am excited by the many things I want to accomplish but I have to say I have enjoyed every minute of my time with the programme. "It has brought me adventure, as well as sorrow in some of the stories that I have had to report and also joy in reporting others, but above all, it has brought me a community in working with the most fantastic group of people who are bound in intellect, humour and understanding. "Together, we have forged a wonderful service. I feel proud to have contributed to Channel 4 News let alone to have anchored the programme for the last 32 years. "I’m looking forward to new adventures and new challenges." This comes after Jon admitted in an interview with the Radio Times that he "isn't quite" getting as much work as he had expected to since he finished on Channel 4. Jon said: "Everything is tickety-boo, except there isn't quite as much work as I'd like. I'm on the lookout for more." The news broadcaster has his hands full after he and his wife, Precious Lunga, 47, welcomed their son in March 2021 via surrogate.