Vladimir Putin has been hit by another huge blow with his forces losing more than 1,000 troops a day, who have been badly held back in the war with Ukraine by low-quality equipment, according to Western sources. There are widespread reports of Russians rebelling against Putin's war plans, with poorly-trained troops sent straight into battle to replace the killed and wounded. A Western official said: "Russian casualty rates are around 175,000 to 200,000 across the campaign, with the Wagner Group bearing the brunt recently due to the human wave tactics. "We are not expecting any significant changes on the battlefield in the coming days. Missile strikes have petered out to small numbers due to a shortage of supplies. "The Russian offensive has been at an enormous cost and they have struggled to break through. We expect Ukraine, supported by the West, to build momentum through the spring and summer." The official added: "While Russia is not in danger of running out of equipment, it has quantity rather than quality. "Ukraine has been effective at holding back Russia and depleting Russian forces. That is why it has held onto places such as Bakhmut, where the Russians have committed significant resources. "Eventually Ukraine may be required to make a reasoned decision to withdraw but Bakhmut would not represent a significant loss.' On Tuesday, officials revealed around 97 percent of Putin's armed forces have already been mobilised since the conflict began nearly a year ago. Coupled with the huge losses on the battlefield, it has led to suggestions the Russian President may be forced to mobilise hundreds of thousands more reservists and retired troops. READ MORE: Putin's claims that sanctions have had little impact fact-checked He has been widely-expected to make an announcement on this in his State of the Nation speech, but this never materialised, instead using much of it to lambast Ukraine and the West. In September, around 300,000 Russians were mobilised as part of an initial recruitment drive to boost Russia's battle efforts in Ukraine. But the move was branded a disaster by many experts, with thousands of Russians seen rushing for the borders in fear they would be drafted into a war they were increasingly opposing. During his State of the Nation speech on Tuesday, Putin blamed the West for starting the war in Ukraine and claimed Russia responded with force "in order to stop it". DON'T MISSHistory at a 'turning point' as Putin's message 'loses power' [INTERVIEW]Biden informed Putin of his visit to Ukraine ahead of time [LATEST]Putin sends Xi record amounts of oil after EU blow [REPORT] In a speech lasting nearly two hours, the Russian President also claimed Ukraine was in talks with the West about weapons before Russia invaded its neighbour on 24 February last year. Furthermore, Putin also announced Russia would be suspending its participation in a key nuclear treaty with the US which limits the two sides' strategic nuclear arsenals. He said during his speech to the nation: "I would like to repeat, they started the war and we used force in order to stop it." Hours later, US President Joe Biden hit back at Putin and Russia in an impassioned speech of his own during a trip to the Polish capital of Warsaw. "When Russia invaded it wasn't just Ukraine being tested, the whole world faced a test for the ages. All democracies were being tested. "The questions we faced were as simple as they were profound. Would we respond or would we look the other way? Would we be strong or would we be weak?" One year later we know the answer. "We did respond, we would be strong, we would be united, and the world would not look the other way." Mr Biden added: "President Putin ordered his tanks to roll into Ukraine, he thought we would roll over. He was wrong. The Ukrainian people were too brave. America, Europe, a coalition of nations from the Atlantic to the Pacific, we were too unified. "Democracy was too strong. Instead of the easy victory he perceived and predicted, Putin left with burnt-out tanks and Russia's forces in disarray."