A British national has died in Ukraine, the government said. The identity of the person is not yet known, but their family has been informed.    A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "We are supporting the family of a British national who died in Ukraine, and are in contact with the local authorities." The UK Government continues to advise against all travel to Ukraine, amid the ongoing invasion by Russia. Since the war began in February last year, numerous individuals have travelled from the UK - with some taking part in fighting against Russian forces while others engage in volunteering and aid work. The dead person is a man, according to the BBC, but further details remain unconfirmed.  It is not yet known what the Brit was doing in the war-torn country.   This person is the eighth Brit to die in Ukraine since the war began. Today's announcement about the latest Briton to die comes around five weeks after the deaths of British humanitarian aid workers Andrew Bagshaw, 48, and Christopher Parry, 28. The family of Mr Bagshaw said the two men were killed when they attempted to rescue an elderly woman from the besieged city of Soledar and their car was hit by a shell in early January. In a statement released by the UK Foreign Office in January, the family of Mr Parry said his “selfless determination in helping the old, young, and disadvantaged” had made them “extremely proud”. READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' They added: “We never imagined we would be saying goodbye to Chris when he had such a full life ahead of him. He was a caring son, fantastic brother, a best friend to so many, and a loving partner to Olga.” Before heading to Ukraine, Mr Parry had been working as a running coach. The family estimate he may have saved over 400 lives plus those of abandoned animals. The first Briton to die in the conflict was father-of-three Scott Sibley, from Immingham, Lincolnshire, who was killed in a drone attack on April 22 last year. He was 36 when a drone dropped mortar shells on his regiment in Mykolaiv, southern Ukraine. At his inquest in November, senior coroner Darren Salter ruled today that the Army veteran, described by his family as a “protector” with a “good heart”, was “killed while on active service for the Ukrainian army”, and described the events leading up to his death. DON'T MISSShamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [ANALYSIS]People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REVEALED]School where teen was beaten before suicide is plagued by bullying [REPORT]  The second Briton to be killed was an ex-British Army soldier who saved the lives of members of his foreign regiment in Ukraine by teaching them how to use anti-tank weaponry they were able to use moments after he was fatally shot. Twenty-four-year-old Jordan Gatley was shot in the head by a Russian sniper on a tank while volunteering for the Ukrainian armed forces on June 10. 