Nicola Bulley's family has shared a heartbreaking plea direct to the missing mum, saying her girls want a cuddle. In a statement issued through Lancashire Constabulary, the family described the missing mortgage adviser as a wonderful daugther, sister, partner and mum. They also called for an end to the speculation and rumours about her private life. The message came after Lancashire Constabulary revealed on Wednesday (February 15) that Ms Bulley, 45, had been suffering from "some significant issues" with alcohol in the past which had resurfaced. Ms Bulley's family issued a direct plea for her to return home, saying: "Your girls want a cuddle." The statement read: "Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister, partner and mother and is missed dearly - we all need you back in our lives. "Nikki, we hope you are reading this and know that we love you so much and your girls want a cuddle. We all need you home. "You can reach out to us, or you can contact MissingPeople.org.uk. Don't be scared, we all love you so very much." Ms Bulley vanished after dropping off her daughters at school on January 27 in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. She was last seen at 9.10am walking her usual route with her springer spaniel, Willow, along the banks of the River Wyre. READ ABOUT A SIGNIFICANT TEXT SENT TO NICOLA BULLEY'S FRIEND Her phone was found just over 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank with her dog running loose. The mobile was still connected to a work call. Senior officers said on Wednesday that Ms Bulley was "vulnerable" and had been classed by police as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner, Paul Ansell, reported her disappearance. After Lancashire Constabulary revealed Ms Bulley's issues with alcohol "brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause", the force was strongly condemned by MPs and campaign groups. Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, wrote on Twitter: "I am deeply uncomfortable with the police releasing Nicola Bulley's so-called 'vulnerabilities' on menopause and alcohol. DON'T MISS: Expert 'changes mind' about Nicola Bulley theory after new information [REPORT] Woman laughs and walks away as dog attacks walkers in park [REVEALED] Woke university brands phrase 'Christian name’ offensive [LATEST]  Silkie Carlo, director of privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch, tweeted: "Lancashire Police broadcasting missing Nicola Bulley's health issues and hormone status to the world is a serious invasion of her privacy with no obvious benefits for the investigation. "A shocking decision when the police's treatment of women is rightly in the spotlight. "It's not at all clear how the police are justifying this disclosure, which seems to be aimed at shoring up public support for Lancashire Police's own forgone conclusions. "The ramifications of this invasion of medical privacy could be really serious, including for Nicola's safety." Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper stopped short of criticising the police decision, but admitted she had concerns about the release of such details, describing it as "very unusual". In their message, Ms Bulley's family said: "We, as a family, believe the public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki and more about speculation and rumours into her and Paul's private life. "As a family, we were aware beforehand that Lancashire Police, last night, released a statement with some personal details about our Nikki. "Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop." The statement continued: "The police know the truth about Nikki and now the public need to focus on finding her." The family said side effects of the perimenopause Ms Bulley suffered included brain fog. Their statement continued: "Due to the perimenopause Nikki suffered with significant side effects such as brain fog, restless sleep and was taking HRT to help but this was giving her intense headaches which caused Nikki to stop taking the HRT thinking that may have helped her but only ended up causing this crisis. "The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life. Despite what some media outlets and individuals are suggesting, we are being updated daily and receive support from our family liaison officers." Anybody who has seen Nicola, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 473 of January 27. For immediate sightings call 999.