Britons can now apply online to get the £400 Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding (EBSS AF). This includes people who live in a care home or a park home, or those who get their energy through a commercial contract or who are off-grid. The support is intended to make sure those without a direct relationship with an energy supplier get the same level of support as others have had. Some 900,000 households in England, Scotland and Wales will be able to apply for the funding via an online portal on the gov.uk website or using the helpline. Successful applicants will receive the funds directly into their bank account. Those who have a direct relationship with an energy provider have received a similar £400 discount in monthly instalments, with the final instalment in March. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike  Government ministers have urged people to apply for the help and to be wary of scams where fraudsters may pretend to be the Government in a bid to get people to hand over details. Minister at the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, Amanda Solloway, said: “Today I’m urging everyone who couldn’t get their EBSS [Energy Bills Support Scheme] discounts in the regular way to apply via our secure channels. “If you don’t have a direct contract with an electricity supplier, it’s essential you submit your application as soon as possible. The sooner you do, the sooner help can get to you.” People who need additional help when applying for support may want to ask for help from a family member or friend. Once a person’s application has been processed and verified, their details will be shared with their relevant local authority in England, Scotland and Wales, who will send out the support as one payment. Local authorities may ask for more information to help their verification process but only after an application has been filed through the portal or using the helpline. The precise date when an eligible household will get the funds depends on when they applied and when the payment is processed. Many Britons will soon be able to apply for a separate £200 payment through the Alternative Fuel Payment Alternative Fund, with the portal going live on March 6. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released This application will be available for those who use energy sources such as heating oil, biomass and liquefied petroleum gas, but who can’t get the £200 payment through their supplier automatically. Some 15 percent of the nearly two million people who use these sources to heat their home will need to apply through a similar portal on the gov.uk website. Average energy bills for a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales are increasing from £2,500 a year to £3,000 in April, as the cap set by the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee increases. Britons face several other bills hike in April, as broadband and mobiles go up, while council tax in England is increasing by five percent in many areas. More Government support is on the way with the new tax year in April, as a £900 cost of living payment is going out to people on certain means-tested benefits, including Universal Credit and Pension Credit. The money will be paid in three instalments of around £300 with the first payment arriving in spring 2023. Many benefit payments are also increasing by 10.1 percent and the state pension is also increasing by 10.1 percent. This means the full basic state pension is increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is going up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week.