Last year, Unforgotten fans were left gutted when Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker) was killed off from the ITV series. Bosses later confirmed that Sinéad Keenan would replace Nicola and would work alongside Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) as DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James. Ahead of season five, ITV has given fans an insight into Jessie's arrival in first-look pictures. At the end of season four, DCI Cassie Stewart was taken to the hospital after she was involved in a car crash. Despite doctors explaining she would make a full recovery, it was later revealed that she had a serious brain injury which meant she wouldn’t wake up and her life support was turned off. The season ended with Sunny laying flowers by Cassie's grave which read: "Mother, daughter, copper." However, in official pictures released by ITV, Jess looks like she is making herself at home as she solves her first crime. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star The images show Jess and Sunny solving their first investigation together, although, the new detective looks a tad confused in doing so. Speaking about taking on the new role, Sinéad said: “I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team." “I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!” The release date of season five hasn't been confirmed just yet, but bosses have revealed what viewers can expect from DCI James' arrival. The new series opens with the clock ticking down to Jess' first day in her new job with an unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life. It quickly becomes clear to the detective that she has big shoes to fill as Cassie's replacement, the question is, has she got what it takes to succeed? Jess' first case is the discovery of human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith, London. But how long have they been there and is this a murder dating back to the 1930s or has the body been disposed of in more recent times? DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice's Darren Harriott dealt crushing blow hours before show [NEWS]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION] The ITV drama will also see the return of DS Murray Boulting (Jordan Long) and DC Fran Lingley (Carolina Main). Georgia Mackenzie will also be reprising her role as pathologist Dr Leanne Balcombe, Michelle Bonnard as Sunny’s partner, and Sal and Pippa Nixon as DC Kaz Willets. Earlier this month, show bosses teased a return date for the ITV series on Twitter. Taking to its official Twitter account, they penned: "Here's some good news to start 2023... #Unforgotten is returning to ITV soon! Keep an eye on our pages for more details." Fans were thrilled by the news, with many hoping the series lives up to expectations following Nicola's departure. Nikki replied: "Really looking forward to this...it'll be so strange without Nicola - but it'll still be excellent." Abby wrote: "Love that show, hope it stands up without Nicola Walker this season." While Julie C added: "Can’t wait but will miss Cassie." Unforgotten is set to air later this year on ITV.