Limescale occurs in hard water areas and can build up around taps, in the toilet as well as around plug holes. Keeping limescale at bay is a time-consuming chore, but one which needs to be done regularly to ensure appliances and the home continue to work correctly. Mrs Hinch fans have shared top tips on how to remove limescale from toilets with ease. Posting anonymously on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one user wrote: “I’ve moved into a new house and my toilet is covered in limescale. I’ve tried various products but they don’t seem to be working, any tips?” When hard water evaporates, calcium and magnesium combine to form limescale which is often recognised by its chalky substance. However, when occurring in the toilet, it can appear as red or even dark brown if left for long periods of time. More than 50 comments were left on the post from Mrs Hinch fans sharing their advice, including a product which contains no bleach. READ MORE: Six foods to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ to prevent stunted growth Arlene Mcintyre commented: “Use Harpic Power Plus, leave it overnight. It will take a while but it does work.” Clarissa Reynolds replied: “Harpic Power Plus is by far the best. Use it three to four times a day until the limescale is gone.” Harpic Power Plus Toilet cleaner is widely available in supermarkets as well as in retailers like Home Bargains and Wilko. The description on Wilko’s website reads: “Cleans above and even below the waterline. Changes colour as it works, leaving your toilet disinfected and completely clean.” DON'T MISS:‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [COMMENT]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home [EXPERT] It is currently on offer for £1.25 at Wilko, but often retails at around £1.75 in the majority of retailers. The product also helps to kill germs and bacteria, crucial when cleaning the toilet area. Lisa Napleton said: “Harpic Power Plus is better than bleach, give it a go, I love the stuff.” The cleaning product has a unique power cleaning formula, claiming to be “10 times better than bleach”. READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots The user replied a few days later writing: “I’ve scrubbed a bit and it started to melt away.” According to the experts at Checkatrade, one of the most overlooked places in the house when it comes to cleaning is the toilet seat. However, it’s one of the most important areas to keep clean since bacteria can build up over time. The Checkatrade experts said: “The easy way to clean your toilet seat and lid is to simply wipe the toilet seat and lid down with disinfectant wipes. “Spray the hinge with a bathroom cleaner and use an old toothbrush to scrub the awkward areas.” Sometimes a toilet seat may need a thorough clean and Britons can use washing up liquid and bleach to do so. Mix one part bleach to 20 parts water, apply the solution to the seat and scrub light with a soft plastic brush. The experts recommended leaving the bleach and water mix sit for a few minutes before rinsing with clean water and drying.