A mom who killed her son but shooting him nine times swore at the judge as she was sentenced to life. Julissa Thaler was convicted of the first-degree murder of Eli Hart, who prosecutors said was shot nine times while sitting in a booster seat. On Thursday, Julissa was asked she wanted to make any remarks before she was sentenced over her crimes. "I’m innocent," she snapped back. “F*** you all. You’re garbage." “Ms. Thaler, I don’t know if that’s appropriate here,” Hennepin County District Judge Jay Quam said of the outburst. “Sorry, I told you what somebody else can’t,” the 29-year-old mom responded. The judge responded by saying the worst thing for a parent is to lose their child, but it is worse when a parent loses their child to something like cancer or an accident. "What I can’t imagine, nobody can imagine, is when the person that takes the child is the one that brought that child in," the judge said. “Nothing I do would bring justice to this situation. Nothing I do would relieve any of the pain that you caused by doing that.” Throughout the judge’s remarks, Julissa sat back in her chair with her head resting on her hand, looking down at the floor. She apparently gave the judge and gallery the middle finger while being escorted out of the courtroom. READ MORE: Memphis Police officers involved in Nichols' death plead 'not guilty' Upon her arrest Julissa was charged with first- and second-degree murder, and yesterday she was sentenced to life in prison without parole. Eli was sat in a booster seat in the back seat of Julissa gray Chevy Impala when she fired nine times into his body, reloading the weapon between rounds. Orono police first made contact with the 29-year-old after reports of someone driving without a tire and a smashed back windshield on May 19, 2022. During the traffic stop, officers found Julissa with pieces of flesh on her body and blood in her car. She claimed the blood was from a tampon and the flesh was from a deer she had picked up from a butcher, according to documents obtained by KMSP at the time. After 30 minutes, police drove Julissa home, and only afterward was Eli’s body discovered in the trunk of the car alongside a shotgun, the suspected murder weapon. Jurors took just two hours to convict her of first-degree murder. A motive for the killing wasn't given, although the court heard how Julissa went and bought the weapon less than a week after Eli's dad Tory Hart filed for custody. She'd lost custody of the youngster twice prior to his murder after battling drink and drug addiction. Julissa also suffered depression, mood disorder and borderline personality disorder. After her arrest, she was found to have searched online for terms including “how much blood can a six year old lose?” Julissa was also found to have searched “payment for life insurance if child dies”, “how to commit crime and blame child” and “what length am I allowed to saw off a shotgun barrel?” Tory has filed a $75,000 wrongful death lawsuit against Dakota County Social Services for letting Eli return to the clutches of the mother who'd later murder him. Eli’s stepmom Josephine Josephson said in her victim impact statement: ‘The pain is so deep you can't breathe. “You can't explain the loss of your only son... then to have lost him in such a horrible way, you just can't explain how that changes your life. “We have been sentenced to a lifetime of this pain, confusion, grief, sorrow and trauma. A lifetime without Eli.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews