As comic book movies begin exploring the multiverse, actors playing the same superheroes and villains are able to co-exist across franchises or sometimes even with the same movies. We saw three Peter Parkers in Marvel’s Spider-Man: No Way Home, while Jared Leto played the Joker in Suicide Squad and Joaquin Phoenix did the same in his own Oscar-winning solo movie. And now it’s Batman’s turn. This summer, The Flash features both Michael Keaton and Ben Affleck reprising the Dark Knight. However, beyond that, there are two new Batman movies that have been announced by DC Studios. Firstly, Robert Pattinson is returning as Bruce Wayne in The Batman – Part II, written and directed by Matt Reeves once again. On top of this, Gunn is heading up the DCU, which has its own shared universe that is not set in either reality portrayed in The Flash and The Batman movies. The Brave and the Bold is another upcoming Batman movie that will introduce the DCU's Dark Knight. Gunn teased it will also feature Bruce Wayne’s son Damian, who is also Robin and “a little son of a b****”. The film is inspired by Grant Morrison’s Batman comic run which introduced the superhero to his murderous son raised by assassins he never knew existed. The filmmaker added: “It’s a very strange father-and-son story.” Alongside a new Batman, DC Studios will also be casting a new Superman. READ MORE: Diane McBain, Batman actress and Elvis Presley's co-star, dies at 81 The DCU’s first phase is called Chapter 1: Gods and Monsters and stretches across Warner Bros movies and HBO Max TV shows, which will be live-action and animated. This will all be kicked off by Superman: Legacy, which is set for release on July 11, 2025. The yet-to-be-cast new Man of Steel will star in a movie that is not an origin story and is written by Gunn, who may also direct the project. Before the rebooted franchise begins, the following DC Extended Universe films are to be released: Shazam! Fury of the Gods (March 17), The Flash (June 16), Blue Beetle (Aug 18) and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom (Dec 25). SOURCE