Nicola Bulley's family is preparing her funeral as coroners are set to release the late mum-of-two's body. Ms Bulley's body was recovered from the River Wyre earlier this week after police received a tip-off from a member of the public. An inquest on Wednesday at Preston Coroner’s Court heard that a dental surgeon was able to make a formal identification using her dental records. Andrew Ian Edwards had examined the 45-year-old's records after police obtained them from her dental surgery. The short hearing lasted around five minutes and saw senior coroner Dr James Adeley conclude he was "satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made". Members of Ms Bulley's family, including her husband Paul Ansell, were made aware of the hearing, but they did not attend. They can now make funeral preparations after coroners said they would release her body. Members of the public have helped contribute by raising a five-figure sum for her devastated loved ones. A campaign set up on GoFundMe by close friends of the Ansell family has collected nearly £20,000 for the service. With 858 donations, organisers blew past their £10,000 goal within a day after the launch. The campaign has raised £18,055 for the Ansells so far, with new donations coming every minute. Organisers said they wanted to "help the family through this awful time". They said they hoped the funds would “give the family one less worry" and help Ms Bulley's husband and her two young girls "now and into the future". They added: “The beautiful Nicola Bulley was the most amazing person you could have ever met, a heart made of gold, that shined through in everything she did. "Her kindness knew no bounds and her legacy will live on through her beautiful little girls and Paul.” The majority of people donated anonymously but left heartfelt messages for the family. One donor said the mum's disappearance "touched our country", with another adding her "heart breaks" for her bereaved loved ones. A donor named A E Chadwick wrote: "Our promise to you Nikki is that we will help Paul, Lou, the grandparents and all of your family and friends to love, cherish and support in the raising of your little girls." They added: "Your legacy will always live on through them."