Cooking influencer Gourmet Gab took to TikTok to share an unusual egg recipe which caught her attention. The recipe is a twist on both poached and scrambled eggs and was originally shared by chef and owner of San Francisco restaurant Daniel Patterson. The chef’s recipe combines techniques used to make poached and scrambled eggs together, to make a “light and fluffy” dish perfect for topping toast with. Gab shared a video of her testing the recipe with her audience of 27.5K followers. She said: “There are poached eggs and scrambled eggs but what about poached scrambled eggs? I have been eager to try this recipe from Daniel Patterson where you pour two beaten eggs into a whirlpool and then cover for 20 seconds and strain.” The recipe uses the beaten eggs aspect associated with making scrambled eggs but then cooks them in a similar way to how one would cook a poached egg. According to the chef, this method can benefit the texture of the eggs. In 2006, Daniel shared the recipe with The New York Times Magazine, explaining: “These are the quickest and fluffiest of scrambled eggs, made with an exceedingly forgiving technique.” READ MORE: 'Tastiest' dairy-free recipe for 'golden' Yorkshire puddings The recipe can be easily amended to taste. Depending on how you plan to dress the eggs up, you can add salt to the water for extra flavour. In her video, Gab is audibly excited by the results of her eggs. After testing the recipe, the cooking influencer said: “I was so worried the eggs were going to be a disaster straining but they really held together and plated beautifully. “I was also expecting the eggs to taste really bland and watery but the extra virgin olive oil really brings that richness. “The eggs were insanely light and fluffy and the whole process was so fast from start to finish. Side note.” DON'T MISSPrawn cracker trick is a 'game-changer' for Chinese takeouts [VIDEO]Spiced parsnip soup recipe to enjoy 'sweetness' of in-season veg [RECIPE]'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [EXPLAINER] This recipe is made to serve two but you can scale up your ingredients depending on how many people you are serving. Ingredients For this recipe you will need: Method To begin, crack each egg into a mesh sieve and let the thin white drain away. Transfer the remaining yolk and white into a small bowl and beat the eggs for 20 seconds. Next, set a medium saucepan filled with about four inches of water over moderate heat. When the water is at a low boil, add a few large pinches of salt, then stir in a clockwise direction to create a whirlpool. Pour the eggs into the moving water, cover the pot and count to 20. Turn off the heat and uncover the pot. At this stage, the eggs should be elating on the surface in ribbons. Place a strainer in the sink and then, while holding back the eggs with a spoon, pour off most of the water over a strainer. Gently slide the eggs into the strainer and press them lightly to expel any excess liquid. Make sure to release any trapped water. You can drain your eggs on a paper towel too. Scoop the eggs into bowls and drizzle with olive oil, then season with salt and black pepper.