Gruesome photographs capture the horrific injuries a mother sustained in what she called a "beast-like" attack by a man and woman in a bar. Jade Kremner says she has been left "scarred for life" after being bitten, punched, kicked and strangled during the terrifying eight-minute ordeal.  The 33-year-old woman said she was jumped on from behind in a bar in Oldham, Greater Manchester, in the early hours of Sunday morning. She was rushed to hospital with a bump on her head, a 10cm gash on her thigh and swelling of her throat. Speaking from her home near Oldham, Jade said: "It's just horrific because of the scars and the wounds that she has left on my body. "It could have been my arteries and I could have been dead."  Jade claims the woman grabbed her by the "'root of her hair" and then dragged her to the floor. She alleges the attack then continued for a further eight minutes with her fingers being bitten and hair ripped out. Jade claims her sister was also attacked and punched in the side and back of the head by a man as she attempted to break the pair apart. Jade, a single mum, said the man then punched her in the head and she has been left with injuries including swelling to her neck from being strangled. She also has numerous cuts on her bottom and thighs and says medics also found two shards of glass in her foot. Jade said: "My windpipe was shutting and closing and that's when I thought 'Jesus, I need to try and escape.' "But I couldn't escape because she was physically on top of me. "I thought I was going to physically die because I was struggling for my breath." The mum of two immediately left the bar and reported the attack to police, who told her she needed immediate medical attention. When she arrived home, she was sent to A&E in an ambulance where doctors gave her a full body X-Ray, CT scan and a tetanus jab. Jade said: "Even the doctor said he can't believe this has happened to me. "Although the care was brilliant from the nurses, I didn't physically get seen until I had been there for six hours. "At this point, all the wounds where I had been attacked and were open, were not starting to close and heal. "I was really, really tired and my whole body was going really, really cold. "But they did keep checking on me, especially with my BMI. "Even the nurses said that what has happened is absolutely vile - I could have been dead." Jade has had to tell her identical twin daughters Ocean and Rosabella, seven, about the attack which sahe says has made them frightened to leave the house. She said: "They keep telling me that they don't want to go to school next Monday after half term because they don't want anyone to hurt me. "It's left a massive impact on me and my children." Jade added: "They are even saying now, at the age of seven, that when they become older that they won't go out on a night out. "They already are saying they don't want to go out clubbing and want to stay in with me because they are scared of people hurting others." A Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said: "We can confirm GMP were made aware of an incident on Market Street, Royton at around 2am on Sunday 12 February 2023. "An investigation is now underway into wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. "No arrests have been made at this time." The bar, called JLR Cafè has been approached for comment on the incident.