Martha Stewart's facialist has detailed just how the business mogul maintains her unbelievably youthful face in her 80s. The businesswoman, known for her infamous stint in federal prison, has fans baffled by her fresh-faced beauty. Last week she shared a series of selfies in which she looked smooth and fresh, and claimed to have used no filters on her skin whatsoever, a fact that left internet users in awe. She claimed great facials from Mario Badescu were part of her anti-aging routine. Now Martha's facialist Carmela Barabas at Mario Badescu has disclosed some of the businesswoman's anti-aging secrets. She claims Martha enjoys a range of treatments at her salon, including the "European Facial", which involves steaming, massage, and masks. She also treats Martha with vitamin C and the "Q10 Eye Treatment". "Q10" is the coenzyme Q10, which helps to support the production of collagen in the skin and fights signs of aging like fine lines and wrinkles. It is found in a number of beauty products including Nivea's Q10 range, including the Q10 Energy Healthy Glow Day Cream. Martha uses the brand's Super Collagen Mask "which restores skin texture and skin elasticity". The mask costs $18, relatively cheap compared to many luxury skincare brands. READ MORE: 'People think I'm in my 20s': Mum, 40, shares her genius, homemade anti-aging tricks This is one of the masks Martha starts her day with, the millionaire claiming she wears a face mask for 30 minutes every morning before washing her face and starting her day. Then she uses various different creams and serums and never forgets to apply sunscreen, putting it on just before she goes out. Martha also uses the Herbal Hydrating Serum from the brand. Retaining moisture in the skin is key to keeping it healthy and looking its best. Carmela shared her absolutely essential skincare "rules" to help anyone maintain skin as youthful as Martha's. She told British Vogue: DON'T MISS'I'm 48 but I look like I'm in my 30s - there's a formula' [EXPERT] 62-year-old who 'looks 40' shares her anti-aging 'secrets' [REAL LIFE] 'These amazing products can reverse premature ageing' [REVIEW] Martha Stewart is 81 years old. The businesswoman, born in Jersey City, looks fantastic for her age. She swears by eating well to maintain good looks. The business mogul has a green juice daily to boost her skin. She told Harper's Bazaar: "My green juice is really special to me. I think it's the secret of good skin, it's the secret of good, healthy hair." In it, she puts cucumbers, parsley, mint, ginger, orange, celery, and pineapple. She also likes to spend time outdoors and exercise to maintain her vitality. She wrote on her website: "I love practicing yoga to keep my muscles long, limber, and flexible and I also work out at least three times a week with my trainer, Mary Tedesco, who shows up bright and early at the farm."