 Billie Eilish, 21, bore the brunt of a prankster call that reportedly claimed the singer may be in trouble and saw police rushing to her Los Angeles home on Wednesday. The false alarm, however, comes after a far more serious incident at her parents’ home that has now resulted in a five-year restraining order being taken out.   On Wednesday afternoon, Billie’s home was surrounded by police cars and officers, according to TMZ. A prank call had reportedly been made claiming the singer could be in danger and triggering an unnecessary wellness check at her home. The police spoke to members of Billie’s team and left the premises after determining that everything was fine. The worrying incident comes barely a week after the singer was awarded a five-year restraining order, protecting her parents’ home from a man she claims has broken in. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster showcases natural beauty as her youngest child with Rod Stewart turns 12  A judge granted the restraining order on February 10 against Christopher Anderson, 39, providing protection for the singer as well as her brother Finneas O'Connell and her parents. Billie had originally received a temporary restraining order last month according to TMZ, after her dad claimed Christopher had broken into her childhood home and professed his love for the singer. The family had reportedly called the police to their home multiple times in December and early January due to Christopher’s presence. The new permanent restraining order requires the fan to stay 100 yards away from the singer, her family, her parent’s home and bars him from contacting her on social media.     In legal documents obtained by PA, Billie noted that the incident had caused her “substantial anxiety fear, and emotional distress" over her safety and that of her family. The singer stated in the documents: "Regrettably, this is not the first time an unknown individual has attempted to contact my family and me. “Specifically by stalking us outside my family's home and by making professions of love to and threats of violence against me.” Unfortunately, Billie is not the only celebrity that has fallen victim to calls inciting unnecessary police and emergency response at their homes.  In January, pop star Britney Spears deleted her Instagram, which sparked widespread concern in her fanbase for her wellbeing. This prompted worried fans to call emergency services to conduct a wellness check at the star’s home. Once again, responders confirmed everything was okay at the premises before departing. Later that week the Toxic singer pleaded with fans on Twitter saying: “As everyone knows the police were called to my house based on some prank phone calls.  “I love and adore my fans but this time things went a little too far and my privacy was invaded.” “This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied once the incident made it to the news and being portrayed once again in a poor and unfair light by the media. “During this time in my life, I truly hope the public and my fans who I care so much about can respect my privacy moving forward.” Express.co.uk has contacted Billie Eilish’s representatives for comment.