As usual, the BBC Breakfast hosts went through the morning papers with Nina Warhurst particularly interested in an article about sleep. She explained a good night's sleep could help increase life expectancy but Charlie Stayt wasn't impressed when she suggested he would live longer than she would. Nina began: "A quick look at inside the papers this morning. I mean, I think we're snookered here Charlie. "A good snooze, five sleep tips for a longer life. These are the tips to help you live longer. "If you can fulfil these habits, life expectancy is 4.7 years longer for men and 2.4 for.. Oh, he's writing down the numbers, 2.4 years for women." Charlie cut in: "I'm waiting for the tips." READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence "Between seven and eight hours of kip per night," Nina listed as Charlie began writing down the tips. "You have to have not had difficulty falling asleep more than twice in the week. "Not take medication and feel well-rested more than five days a week. "I do not tick any of those boxes so my life expectancy is about the next three years." Charlie questioned: "But not taking any medication is not a choice if you are on medication. You have to take medication." Nina agreed: "True," before clarifying: "To sleep. Sorry, it's medication to sleep. Not using sleep medication." "Ah I see," Charlie replied. "So what have you learned from that." Nina quizzed: "How many of those do you tick?" DON'T MISS...Here's a look at the finale to BBC horror series Red Rose [INSIGHT]Danny Dyer says he 'smelt of a***' filming final EastEnders scenes [INTERVIEW]Jeremy Vine rages as cyclists blamed for accidents [LATEST] After Charlie asked for the tips to be repeated as he'd become confused over the medication point, he explained he fulfilled all of the criteria. "You're going to live a lot longer than I would Charlie," Nina confirmed. Her BBC co-star was left stunned as he replied: "Well, I'm not sure if that's true actually. "I don't think we need to go there do we? I don't think we need to discuss." "No, let's move on shall we," Nina agreed. Charlie continued: "Let's hope we both live a long time, that would be nice wouldn't it?" "Deal," Nina said as she held out her hand but Charlie avoided shaking it and instead turned back to viewers. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.