Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has delivered a terrifying prediction last night, warning Britain will be at war “by the end of this decade”. Mr Wallace told The Sun: “Conflict is coming by the end of this decade… whether it is a cold war or hot, war is coming.”   According to the former army captain, the world is “definitely more dangerous, more unstable and more insecure”. He said: “We just have to recognise that in order to deter you just have to be ready, you have to be equipped and you have to stand with your friends and your allies.” As the anniversary of Putin’s invasion nears, Mr Wallace is battling with the Treasury for additional funding for the Ministry of Defence. “The world is more dangerous, more anxious and more insecure… we need a greater proportion of the public spend on defence,” he said during a visit to Bovington Camp in Dorset.  Britain must “be ready for whatever could happen” next in the conflict in eastern Europe, according to Mr Wallace. The MP for Wyre and Preston North, who served in Northern Ireland, said: “The Chancellor said last year ‘the PM and I recognise that defence will need more money’”. “Freedom isn’t free”, Mr Wallace said, throwing down the gauntlet to Chancellor Jeremy Hunt. On a visit to the Dorset camp where Ukrainians are being trained to operate and maintain the Challenger 2 tank, Mr Wallace addressed the troops. “Five days before the invasion last year, I went to Moscow to see my Russian counterpart Sergei Shoigu”, Mr Wallace said. “He said they would not invade and Ukraine would not fight. Well, he lied on the first, and you proved him wrong on the second.” READ MORE: Brexit can boost Ukraine's NATO bid says ambassador “We are not in for a period, we are in it until you defeat Russia and Ukrainians can go home. “Britain’s message to Russia is we are not giving up and we are not going away.” Following President Zelensky’s recent surprise visit to Britain, Rishi Sunak pledged to step up the delivery of “lethal aid” to Kyiv. No10 assured that Britain will “upskill a further 20,000 Ukrainian soldiers” in 2023, on top of the 10,000 troops trained under Operation Interflex so far. However, the UK’s NATO partners have recently expressed concern that Britain is depleting its own military capability in order to supply President Zelensky. DON'T MISSGerman girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [VIDEO]Putin lashes out at Church of England over gender-neutral God [INSIGHT]Brexit deal on brink as DUP say 'we have potential to resolve issues'[ANALYSIS]  French parliamentarian Thomas Gassilloud told the Telegraph that France, due to reasons of “strategic solidarity”, had a vested interest in the strength of the British military. Mr Gassilloud said: “We want the British to have a strong army. When you have this type of debate it clearly is a source of concern. I have well understood that there is a political context to this regarding the defence budget and if this debate comes now it’s because everyone wants to weigh in on this debate.” The MP continued: “One of our criteria for giving away equipment is the condition of not weakening the French military. For example, last week we pledged more Caesar howitzers but these came directly from industry to the Ukrainians and were not taken from army stock. “I think that all the equipment sent by the British to Ukraine appears to have been taken from army stock. We pay careful attention this is not the case.” 