Liam Gallagher, 50, logged onto Twitter on Monday to share an update with fans as he continued to recover from a huge medical procedure. The Oasis star has spoken out on his health in view of his 3.6 million followers after undergoing a hip operation last week. Liam wrote: “Just booked a skiing holiday nxt Wk can’t wait.” (sic) Fan page Sup3r_son1c responded: “You're in a tweeting mood today, huh? Woke up in a good mood :)” Liam then explained: “I am my fingers and hands are the only things I can use properly at the moment so im showing off c’mon you f******.” (sic) Fans of the legendary musician appeared relieved as they replied to his tweet sending their well-wishes. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance Lostinmusic72 said: “It’s nice to have you back. Keep on tweeting.” JimKnig21900529 tweeted: “Love it rest up be smashing it again soon.” Amatwit65 added: “Good luck with your recovery!” Juliebirch1210 enquired: “Hope your healing well liam?? All this talk on an Oasis Reunion is it for real??” (sic) On Sunday, Liam took to the social media platform to announce he had undergone an operation earlier in the week. He joked: “Riverdance here I come" as he recovered at home following the major procedure. However fans of the star worried his famous "swagger" may be no more, but Liam did not agree. Giving a health update, Liam commented: "Morning Rastas so I had my Hip operation last wk. DON'T MISS...Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE]Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] "All went well and RESPEK to all the doctors n nurses who looked after me."(sic) The singer continued: "Big shout out to the A team for getting us home safe n sound you know who you are. "And Florence guru I love and adore you Riverdance here I come LG x." He went on to share a link about Riverdance on the micro-blogging site, after his earlier quip. One user soon asked him about his trademark walk, and Liam seemingly couldn't resist replying. "I hope the operation hasn’t affected your swagger," they stated. The star quipped: "I’m getting my physio to study old videos of my walk so we don’t miss a trick the comeback is real." Another person told him: "Getting old now lad," but Liam tweeted: "No way man I’m half new."