Pep Guardiola has insisted that he will remain as Manchester City manager for as long as he is wanted at the club, despite the recent Premier League charges. It was announced on Monday that the Premier League were charging City with over 100 alleged financial breaches following a four-year investigation. Guardiola’s side have been charged with failing to comply with financial fair play rules, not providing a ‘true’ view of the club’s finances and also failing to cooperate with the investigation. City have been accused of breaching financial rules previously, being banned from the Champions League in 2020 by UEFA. However, the club saw the decision overturned after an appeal and Guardiola feels that his side will be found ‘not guilty’ again. Despite speculation, the former Barcelona boss has revealed that he will remain as City manager despite the allegations – as well as his side’s poor form. He explained: “If they (City) want me here, I will be here. “If the results are not good, they will put me out because it is a business where you have to win. But if they want me I will not let them down - and my players, too. “I want to defend my title until it's not possible. Will it be enough? If it's not enough, if another team, say Arsenal, go on to win I will be the first to call Mikel and say ‘congratulations Mikel, you deserve it'. But I want to fight it.” City are currently second in the Premier League and have looked like a shadow of their former selves, with Guardiola struggling to find his best eleven and turning his back on some of his most proven stars, such as Joao Cancelo. Performances have lacked the assurance and threat of previous sides, with many feeling that the Premier League is Arsenal’s to lose as a result. In spite of all the speculation off of the pitch, Guardiola has insisted that he and his players are fully focused on closing the gap won Arteta’s side. He said: “Let us defend (the charges). If it happens, we will accept it. But like UEFA, we will defend. I don't know what is going to happen. I had the same feeling with UEFA. In fact, UEFA was worse. The players are focused with their talent and their effort. We will see what happens after the sentencing. I don't want to anticipate what is going to happen."