Kate, Princess of Wales hired a "public relations guru" as her new private secretary after Harry "took the gloves off" in his memoir, a royal expert claims. Corfield has been chosen to be the mother of three’s "right-hand woman and most senior aide" at Kensington Palace, according to reports. The decision to beef up her royal circle comes after Harry recounted several uncomfortable episodes between the Princess of Wales and his wife, Meghan, in memoir Spare. Corfield's credentials include working for celebrity chef Jamie Oliver as head of campaigns from 2015 to 2020. The PR extraordinaire has also joined forces with Irish chef Clodagh McKenna, as well as Labour MP Stella Creasy. Rumour has it the princess personally chose Corfield, who is known for her no-nonsense approach. Kate was seeking "a different kind of courtier" to help step up her public work, sources told The Sunday Times. READ MORE: Palace aides have 'firmed up' their views about Meghan Markle bullying claims The 51-year-old launched her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood in June 2021, which is building on work she has been developing for a decade. "This choice of Alice is not as outlandish as many are claiming," royal commentator Hilary Fordwich told Fox News Digital. "What is certain is that it won’t be ‘business as usual’ for the princess. It can’t be. Prince Harry changed all that when he took the gloves off. When the going gets tough, the tough get going, and the Princess of Wales is made of tougher stalwart stuff than her quiet demeanour might believe." "The best course is to continue to focus on others," Fordwich added. DON'T MISS12-year-old shot dead in stolen car chase [REPORT]Teen kills herself after she is filmed being attacked [LATEST]Democrats turn on Biden over border crisis [INSIGHT] "Alice has the track record for such. She is touted as being the mastermind behind Chef Jamie Oliver’s focus on food education and free meals in schools. Together, as long as the Princess of Wales and Alice stick to the high road, they’ll soar raising the young next generation with them as they plow ahead." Kate has not publicly addressed the claims Harry made about her in Spare but she has been left "baffled" by them, a royal insider has claimed. The Duke characterised her and Meghan's relationship as fraught, alleging at one point that the Princess of Wales left Meghan “on the floor” of their home in tears after demanding via text that Princess Charlotte's dress be remade. READ MORE: Meghan 'craved rejection' from Royal Family as she 'didn't want to stay', say palace aides Of the first time she met Kate, Meghan said on the Sussexes' new docuseries: "Like I was a hugger, always been a hugger. "I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits."  "There is a forward-facing way of being and then you close the door and you relax now. But that formality carries over on both sides. And that was surprising to me." Palace officials have declined to comment on any of the allegations made in Harry's book. But in a sign of resolve, Kate and William have been seen out and about on royal duties. The couple made an official joint visit to Cornwall on Thursday - the first since becoming the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall following the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September.