Vice President Kamala Harris said she hasn't seen the video of Jill Biden kissing her husband, Doug Emhoff, on the lips at President Joe Biden's State of Union speech. When asked by reporters if she had seen the awkward exchange, she said she hadn't. When asked if she had seen the video on Wednesday, Ms Harris told Univision's Edwin Pitti: "No, I haven’t watched the video." But she quickly pivoted on to a different topic and said: "But I do know that the first lady and the second gentleman are working arduously with what we are doing with my husband against anti-Semitism.” A video from inside the capitol building showed Ms Biden shaking hands with members of the audience until she made her way to Kamala Harris' husband on the balcony. The pair smiled at one another before quickly embracing and kissing on the lips, the video showed. Those in the room didn't seem to be particularly phased by the kiss but people online were quick to react. Podcast host Benny Johnson tweeted: "Did Jill Biden just kiss Kamala's husband on the lips?!" Arthur Schwartz asked: "Why did Jill Biden kiss Doug Emhoff on the mouth?"  "I did not have Jill Biden kissing Kamala Harris' husband on the mouth tonight with her eyes closed on my BINGO CARDS," another said. READ MORE: John Cleese dismantled woke agenda as the 'thrill of being offended' Megyn Kelly, host of the SiriusXM podcast, said she was "uncomfortable" watching the kiss between the president and vice president's partners. She said: "People should not be mouth-kissing ever if it’s not your husband or your spouse." Jill, 71, has been married to President Biden since 1977. The pair met in March 1975 when they were set up by Joe's brother. Doug Emhoff and Kamala Harris have been married since 2014. The lawyer is the first-ever husband of a vice president. Jill took the opportunity to vocalise her support for her husband on Twitter after the event, tweeting: "Joe is right — because of the Soul of this nation, the State of our Union is strong." Joe Biden's speech urged Democrats and Republicans to work together. The president said: "We're often told that Democrats and Republicans can't work together," he said. "But over these past two years, we proved the cynics and the naysayers wrong." Many fans expressed positive support. One Sherilee wrote: "You looked lovely tonight Dr. Jill and Joe hit it out of the park. Kamala was looking gorgeous as well. Thank them for us please." Sherrie Good wrote: "A brilliant speech. Loved how he corralled the republicans into having to say they wouldn’t cut Social Security or Medicare. And you looked fabulous as usual." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 