European travellers descended on a car park with 35 caravans and £130,000 Audis and BMWs in Windsor - just yards away from Windsor Castle and three miles from where the UK and European Union struck a historic Brexit deal. The group, reportedly from France and Germany, created the makeshift camp at the Alexandra Gardens car park over the weekend, where a season ticket costs over £1,500. The fleet included a luxury Audi RS-6 worth more than £130,000. Two other cars - a £110,000 BMW M5 and a £75,000 Mercedes convertible that both had French number plates, were also seen at the car park. The group descended on the car park and have taken advantage of newly installed outdoor toilets, according to a report from MailOnline. In 2021, a group of travellers set up camp on the Long Walk in Windsor, the historic three-mile avenue from Windsor Castle to the Copper Horse Statue. A huge fleet of up to vehicles and up to 30 caravans and motorhomes were parked outside the Royal Family residence, where the late Queen Elizabeth II spent a lot of her time. At the time, Prince Andrew seemed unfazed by the situation as he was subsequently seen driving through the camp in his Range Rover. It came as Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen met in Windsor to secure a historic Brexit deal on Northern Ireland. The agreement, dubbed the Windsor Framework, removes barriers to trade across the Irish Sea and hands a "veto" to politicians in Stormont on EU law. This was a huge boost to Mr Sunak and his Government as it was a set of concessions from Brussels that went a lot further than had been expected. It does still include a role for the European Court of Justice - a move that had been highly criticised by some Brexiteers in the days leading up to yesterday's talks. READ MORE: Transgender double rapist Isla Bryson sentenced to 8 years in jail Mr Sunak will now hope to see off any threat of rebellion from within his own ranks but the reception has been generally positive. The reaction from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), once they have fully read and digested the new deal, will be crucial if the agreement is to help restore powersharing at Stormont. A key element of the new treaty is an emergency "Stormont brake" on changes to EU goods rules that can be pulled by the Northern Ireland Assembly. The Prime Minister said: "Together we have changed the original protocol and are today announcing the new Windsor Framework. DON'T MISSEU claims Sunak's Brexit deal benefits bloc in key areas [LATEST]Sunak tears up 1,700 pages of EU laws after we've 'taken back control' [COMMENTS]Three teenagers stabbed in Romford [REPORT] "Today's agreement delivers smooth-flowing trade within the whole United Kingdom, protects Northern Ireland's place in our union and safeguards sovereignty for the people of Northern Ireland." Northern Ireland minister and former Brexit rebel Steve Baker told ITV1's Peston, Mr Baker said: "I think it's a really historic moment. "I think this is capable of bringing this awful rollercoaster row to an end, if the DUP are satisfied with it. I think it's an incredibly important moment." Writing in the Telegraph, Chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady said: "The so-called 'Windsor Framework' won't be perfect but it looks like a massive step forward."