With Mother’s Day around the corner, and spring just weeks away, it’s likely more of us will be buying cut flowers for our homes. Cut flowers like tulips and daffodils are popular choices that will undoubtedly add a touch of colour to your home. However, after removing your spent blooms from their vase, you may have noticed some unpleasant stains on your vase that are tricky to remove. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing stains from vases. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home On one such group, Facebook user Janet Mitchell posted: “Any ideas how to get this vase clear again, was put in the dishwasher.” The post was inundated with responses but one of the most unusual suggestions was to use Steradent tablets and golf balls. David Teasdel said: “Steradent and golf balls. Just pop the balls in the vase and swirl round the vase with a Steradent in.” Craig Tomlinson commented: “Steradent and golf balls. Keep the golf balls overnight in a bicarbonate of soda solution though.” DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ tip to remove lawn weeds and ‘prevent’ them returning [UPDATE]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [ANALYSIS] Craig added later on: “I soak my golf balls overnight in a bicarbonate of soda solution, then the next day pop them in the item with the Steradent that needs a clean. “I gave up golf a long time ago, so I know mine are used but clean.” If you don’t have golf balls, you can just use a Steradent tablet. Fill the vase with water and simply drop in a denture tablet. When the fizzing has stopped, all of the mineral deposits and staining should be gone. READ MORE: Household staple clears blocked drains without using ‘toxic chemicals’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The same method can be used to clean other items like thermos bottles, glasses and jugs. Steradent claims to “kill 99.9 percent of bacteria” in just “three minutes”. Steradent Active Plus Denture Cleaning Tablets cost 99p from Amazon and 95p from Wilko. ASDA 30 Mint Flavour Cleansing Denture Tablets cost 79p from Asda. OraCare Denture Cleaning Tablets cost 90p from Sainsbury’s and Pro-Formula Denture Tablets 30 Pack cost 80p from Tesco. The Asda denture tablets work out at just 2.6p per tablet for a packet of 30. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using rice, washing up tablets, bleach, white vinegar, washing powder and baking soda. Melissa Waldman commented: “Rice. Put rice at the bottom and swirl.” Elaine Burkhill replied: “Someone on here told me to put a washing up tablet in fill with warm water leave then was out all vases are gleaming now. Karen McMahon said: “Have you tried bleach and water.” Viv Lerner suggested: “White vinegar and warm water.” Sandra Teagle suggested: “Couple of drops of bleach, leave overnight.” Angela Hesketh said: “Washing powder and hot water.” June Russell posted on Facebook: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar then use a bottle brush to scrub.”