According to Cancer Research UK, stomach cancer, which Laurence Harvey died from, claims the lives of 4,216 people each year. Born in Lithuania, Laurence – whose birth name is Zvi Mosheh Skikne – he soon emigrated with his family to South Africa when he was six years old in 1934. Settling in Johannesburg, the New York Times reported that Laurence joined the South African army during World War II. Winning a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, his trajectory into entertainment began. Throughout his performative years, Laurence is best remembered starring in Room At The Top (1958) and The Manchurian Candidate (1962). Other well-known feature films include The Wonderful World Of The Brothers Grimm (1962) and Darling (1965). Married three times, Laurence left behind his daughter, Domino, when stomach cancer killed him on November 25, 1973, in Hampstead, London. READ MORE: Smell that? Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs Stomach cancer The NHS points out the "main symptoms of stomach cancer", which are: There could be other symptoms too, which can include: The NHS adds: "If you have another condition, such as gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, you may get symptoms like these regularly." For people with another condition that mimics such symptoms, should they change in some way, it's important to book a doctor's appointment. "If they're caused by cancer, finding it early makes it more treatable," the national health service points out. Who is at risk of stomach cancer? While anybody can develop cancer, there are certain factors that could heighten your risk. For example, while this can't be modified, if you are over the age of 50, you're more prone to stomach cancer than somebody who is younger than that age. READ MORE: 'I was in complete shock': Bowel cancer patient wasn't too concerned with his symptoms Other factors include having a long-term infection with Helicobacter pylori, being a man, and having certain stomach conditions. The stomach conditions that raise your risk of stomach cancer include: While stomach cancer is not entirely preventable, there are ways to minimise your risk. Your best defence against stomach cancer is a healthy lifestyle, which includes eating at least five portions of fruits and vegetables daily. Stomach cancer is considered "rare", as so few people – relative to the UK population – develop the disease. Cancer Research UK says stomach cancer is the "14th most common cause of cancer death". This means that stomach cancer only accounts for three percent of all cancer deaths. Laurence Harvey starred in The Running Man, which is showcasing on Film4+1 on Thursday, February 9 at 2.25pm.