Football fans will soon be able to tune into even more live games with Apple bringing the popular Major League Soccer (MLS) to phones, TVs and tablets. This US competition kicks off on February 25 with all the games available to view via the official Apple TV app. Those who have never tuned into Major League Soccer before will also be able to give it a try thanks to plenty of free content with Apple even promising that games from the first weekend will be available to watch without paying a penny. Throughout the year, other top matches will also be shown for free although to watch every game there is a fee. Those wanting to view all the biggest clashes will be able to sign up for a monthly or yearly MLS Season Pass with prices starting from £12.99 for anyone who already subscribes to the Apple TV+. That subscription not only brings access to live games but also offers previews, analysis and highlights from all the must-see matches. If you happen to walk in halfway through a game, there will be the option to watch from the start and all games will feature both English and Spanish-language commentators. Anyone with a favourite MLS club - such as New York City FC, LA Galaxy, Chicago Fire FC or the San Jose Earthquakes - will also be able to select their team for a more personalised experience with upcoming matches appearing in the Apple TV "Up Next" menu. Each club page will offer fans a single destination to find everything there is to watch on their club. Fans can explore live matches, match previews, and other key club content, including interviews and replays. Plus there are easy ways to find a schedule of all matches and enjoy featured stories and highlights that are updated regularly. Fancy giving it a go? Here's the full pricing for the MLS Season Pass Fans can subscribe to MLS Season Pass on the Apple TV app for £14.99 per month during the season or £99 per season, and Apple TV+ subscribers can sign up at a special price of £12.99 per month or £79 per season. "Having accessibility is huge for the sport. It’s going to help grow MLS not only domestically, but internationally. You’ll have eyes all over watching our games,” said Kellyn Acosta, Los Angeles Football Club’s midfielder. “We talk about how we want the league to continue to grow and bridge the gap in comparison with other leagues, and I think having this Apple partnership is a step in the right direction.” The Apple TV app is available on iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV boxes plus Samsung, Sony and LG TVs. There's also access via Sky, Roku, Fire TV and gaming consoles.