Pep Guardiola "never wanted" Erling Haaland at Manchester City, claims former midfielder Dietmar Hamann. The ex-City star says the club only signed the striker because of the profit they could get on him in the future. Haaland has been prolific in front of goal since joining City from Borussia Dortmund last summer. He has scored 31 goals in all competitions, including 25 in the Premier League. But many share the opinion that City are worse, or at least no better, with Haaland than without. Hamann believes that is because a striker such as him does not suit Guardiola's style of play. He does not think the Spaniard wanted Haaland and explained his theory as to why he was signed. Hamann told talkSPORT: "I never thought he was going to go to City because he’s a player Guardiola never wanted. Man City news LIVE: Messi and Mbappe want transfer, Kompany reacts, Supreme Court possible   "Every centre forward was sent away from Barcelona, at times he played Robert Lewandowski on the left at Bayern Munich, Gabriel Jesus played out wide most of the time. Maybe they thought ‘there’s a player who we get for £50-60million and he’s twice or treble that, we have to buy him’. "Would he be a benefit for Chelsea or Manchester United? Yes, I think so. Would he have scored the same goals for them? I don’t know, probably not because at City he gets more chances than for these teams but I don’t think he’s a good fit for Manchester City." City are in the midst of an investigation over numerous allegations of financial breaches by the Premier League. City await the verdict from an independent commission over activity that pre-dates Haaland's arrival at the Etihad. Meanwhile, Hamann's former Liverpool team-mate Jamie Carragher claimed on Sunday that Haaland had joined the wrong club in City. Hamann agrees that the reigning champions are not suited to the Norwegian's strengths. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove GlazersBilly Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'torn over two transfers' in Van Persie-style dilemma  He added: "Haaland’s strength is the opposite of what City’s strength is. City were successful because they retained the ball, they had rhythm, they had fluidity in their game and they shared goals. "Now you’ve got a player who a lot of the time in their matches hardly takes part, it’s almost like playing with ten men. I don’t care how many goals he scores or how many hat-tricks he scores, you need to see how many goals the team scores. "I think they’ve scored less goals at the same stage of last season and have got less points. I don’t think that Haaland is a player that fits into the team because he’s everything the team isn’t."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here