Those of state pension age are entitled to various additional benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Attendance Allowance is one of these benefits and it covers the extra costs that come from having a disability. Attendance Allowance claimants could see their payments change if they do not report a change in circumstances to the DWP. Should pensioners fail to report any such alterations, they risk having to pay a £50 penalty. The DWP website states: “You could be taken to court or have to pay a penalty if you give wrong information or do not report a change in your circumstances.” The circumstantial changes claimants must alert the DWP about include: the level of help they need or their condition changes - details must be provided, such as if the amount of times they need help each day has changed.  READ MORE: Dave Ramsey shares how 'heartbroken' pensioner can get by in retirement after losing home Those applying for Attendance Allowance need to also have required help for at least six months to be eligible. How much someone gets from the benefit payment is dependent on the “severity” of their condition. Due to this, Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are awarded depending on the DWP’s assessment. People on the state pension can claim to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate.  READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons warned of 'key considerations' when passing wealth to loved ones Someone who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 from Attendance Allowance. When to contact the DWP If circumstances change, the amount individuals get from Attendance Allowance may go up or down. Britons must contact the Attendance Allowance helpline straight away if: Chloe Smith, minister for disabled people, health and work, has previously shared why people should claim disability payments if they are eligible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” To make a claim, individuals have to fill out the Attendance Allowance claim form. There are a couple of ways to get the form. People can call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 (textphone 0800 731 0317) or download a claim form from the GOV.UK website.