Nicknamed the “Wooden Wonder” for its timber airframe, it was as loved by RAF crews as it was feared by the enemy. Yet of the four British combat aircraft that attained iconic status during the Second World War, the twin-engined De-Havilland Mosquito is the only type of which there is no example flying in the UK. Spitfires, Hurricanes and even a single Lancaster – operated by the RAF’s Battle of Britain Memorial Flight – are regular visitors at air shows across the country. Yet only museum-piece examples of the Mosquito exist today.  However, that is all set to change with an ambitious scheme to build a Mosquito from scratch using original plans and techniques as a “gift to the nation”. In a Sussex workshop, craftsmen are painstakingly assembling a flyable “new-build” Mosquito. However, that is all set to change with an ambitious scheme to build a Mosquito from scratch using original plans and techniques as a “gift to the nation”. In a Sussex workshop, craftsmen are painstakingly assembling a flyable “new-build” Mosquito. “We have everything to make the project a reality, including the team and the all-important drawings,” explains People’s Mosquito charity chairman John Lilley. “We also have many of the other components that make up a Mosquito. The hardware, as it were. Things like the instruments and controls. And although we have funding to make this important start on the project, we need public – and hopefully corporate – financial support to eventually bring the Mosquito build to completion.” With air shows being the most popular outdoor event after football, those attending are the very people who love the idea of a flying Mosquito being seen in Britain again, John says. But he needs their support. “After all, many thousands of people got behind the ‘Vulcan to the Skies’ project that brought the last flying V-bomber back to airworthiness. And as the Vulcan has now ended its flying days, I’d like to think those same people will support our Mosquito adventure.” The project needs to raise between £8million to £10million to complete the Mossie in around five years.  In these hopes, John harks back to wartime days when communities clubbed together and funded aircraft for the RAF. The most famous, of course, was the “Spitfire Funds”, which saw monies raised to buy new fighter aircraft. But what is it that makes the Mosquito so special and worthy of this ambitious project? Famous for its technologically innovative construction from wood, a material that did not impinge on other strategically important resources, the Mosquito was the world’s very first multi-role combat aircraft. Conceived as a bomber, the Mosquito went on to perform that role as well as being a shipping strike aircraft, fighter, submarine killer, pathfinder, photo-reconnaissance platform, and many other varied roles. Not least of all, those other roles included Mosquitos flying as “airliners” under the guise of BOAC, operating far over the North Sea to neutral Sweden. On these flights, the Mosquito could carry a passenger in what had been the bomb bay, taking these intrepid travellers to and fro on “diplomatic” missions and bringing back vitally needed ball bearings from Swedish factories. Despite its many roles, there were other qualities that marked the Mosquito out as special. Part of its genius of construction, explains Guy Black of Retrotec, the company commissioned to build the new aircraft, was in its composite structure: a thin plywood covering that sandwiched a balsa wood core. “To some people that might not sound like a particularly robust structure,” says Guy. “But it was. And it was immensely strong. When cannon shells hit the wood, they often went straight through and just made a bullet-sized hole. However, when the same shells hit alloy metal airframes typically used on other aircraft they just exploded on impact, often tearing the aircraft apart.” The strength of which Guy speaks is amply demonstrated, time and again, in photos of Mosquitos that have taken battle damage; entry and exit holes “drilled” in wood and an aircraft singed and blacked overall from an exploding enemy aircraft that would have destroyed any lesser craft. One aircraft returned to base after literally half of one wing was blown away by a direct flak hit, the strength and reliability of the Mosquito were impressively demonstrated. In popular lore, the Mosquito achieved fame for daring raids and operations. Most famously, the Amiens raid in 1944 saw a low-level precision strike on a prison holding “high value” French resistance prisoners who needed to be freed ahead of the Allied invasion of Europe. Today, we are familiar with high precision and devastatingly accurate air attacks in 21st-century conflicts.  The Amiens raid, Operation Jericho as it was dubbed, relied on piloting and navigation of the highest order. In other words, finding a tiny target in bad weather and then surgically and accurately bombing it to demolish specific walls to release those incarcerated. After the war, the French government called for Group Captain Percy Pickard, who led the raid and was killed along with his navigator, Flight Lieutenant Alan Broadley, to be awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross. Arguably deserved, the proposal was not promulgated, it being held that Pickard was simply expected to conduct operations of this kind. Such were the “Mosquito men”. Nevertheless, the raid was a success and more than any other action it demonstrated the efficacy of the Mosquito as much as it did that of its crews. But the Amiens raid was just one among many of its exploits. In the night fighter role, Wing Commander Edward Crew was involved in shooting down V1 Flying Bombs. One night, off Beachy Head, he ventured too close to his quarry and his Mosquito was caught in the violent explosion when he opened fire from a matter of yards. Despite its wooden construction, the aircraft carried Crew and his navigator safely through the enormous blast. However, the detonation did blow the radar cone off the nose of the Mosquito, making the aircraft near impossible to control. Struggling back over land, Crew and his navigator bailed out safely. Despite this hair-raising episode, Crew would become the highest-scoring Mosquito pilot in the battle against the V1s, downing 31 of the missiles and sharing in the destruction of one more. Incredibly, a six-pounder cannon (virtually a small field gun) was mounted in the nose of some Mosquitos. Called the Tsetse after the formidable African insect, these Mosquitos had a mighty sting, their huge guns wreaking havoc against shipping and surfaced submarines. Literally a flying artillery piece, they could only carry 25 rounds of ammunition. As a foe, the aircraft was understandably both admired and feared. Luftwaffe chief Hermann Göring was said to have had “Mosquito envy”. It was, however, almost an aircraft that was never built. Conceived in early 1940, then simply the DH.98, it was initially vetoed by minister for aircraft production Lord Beaverbrook. But Air Marshal Wilfrid Freeman, in charge of ordering the aircraft with which the RAF helped win the war, believed in what was to be the Mosquito, such that Beaverbrook dubbed it Freeman’s Folly. Freeman persevered, and eventually, Beaverbrook relented, events very soon proving it far from any folly. The aircraft were mostly built at Hatfield in the UK, largely by women workers, but others were constructed in Canada and Australia. In early trials, the Mosquito outpaced a Spitfire. And powered by two Rolls-Royce Merlin engines, it was speed and agility upon which the design depended to outrun enemy fighters when it came into service in 1942. With a wingspan of 54ft, a length of just over 44ft, and a crew of two this astonishingly versatile aircraft could also carry 4,000lb of bombs in its bomber role. The Mosquito now under construction at Retrotec is being built as a Mosquito FB.VI with the reserved civilian registration, G-FBVI, with a team of up to 20 specialists and support staff. The number working on the project, explained Guy Black, varies depending on the funding available at any given time and the specialisms required for the various processes involved. “Of these processes,” says Guy, “a great deal involves the necessary paperwork and documentation for the CAA.” He added: “We even utilise original wartime tools, whilst the vital plans and drawings were discovered in a disused aircraft factory and donated to The People’s Mosquito by British Aerospace.” Manufactured to strict Civil Aviation Authority standards the team is using spruce that has been sourced from the same Canadian forests that supplied wood for the wartime builds. One can only admire its remarkable qualities and surviving Mosquito pilot, Flight Lieutenant Colin Bell, 101, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, is uniquely placed to articulate them. “My first impression was what a sleek and beautiful aircraft it was,” he recalls. “If it looks good, it will fly good. And it did. It was a joy to fly.” Asked if combat flying was frightening, another Mosquito veteran, George Dunn, 100, from Saltdean, near Brighton, replied: “Not so much scared, more apprehensive, but less so with the Mosquito because you had the height and the speed! “You could do anything in a Mosquito. And it always brought me home.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Unlike the Spitfire, Hurricane and Lancaster, the Mosquito features rather less on film and screen, though. The two fighters have seen countless appearances, notably in films like Battle of Britain, while the Lancaster famously features in The Dam Busters. For the Mosquito, there was only the 633 Squadron featuring the fictional exploits of a wartime Mosquito outfit. No fewer than 7,781 Mosquitos were built, but now John Lilley’s team will be bringing that figure up to 7,782. To make that a reality, The People’s Mosquito is reaching out to the public and businesses to support this very British effort. John summed it up: “Mossie veteran George Dunn recently said of our four- to five-year plan to bring this great British icon back to our skies, that he sadly wouldn’t be around to see that happen. “But with the public’s help, we’d love to prove him wrong. And monthly donations from enough people for just the price of a latte or pint each month would help us towards that aim.” 