Yasmin Pekel, owner of Blue Cruise, shared her essential cruise booking tips with Express.co.uk. She said there are a few things Britons should do to avoid any costly mistakes. Yasmin said: “There is nothing worse than going on holiday and realising you’ve missed out on several great attractions or restaurants when you get back. “By planning ahead and seeing what the port towns you’ll visit have to offer, you can create an itinerary that allows you to see everything and anything. “This also enables you to prepare currencies, or invest in a travel card, like Monzo.” Planning ahead will make sure tourists see everything they’d like to during their sometimes short time on land. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about holiday’s formal dress code Yasmin told Express.co.uk: “Always accommodate for delays, cancellations and other disruptions to your travel plans, and remember that no form of travel is 100 percent reliable! “Give yourself enough time to make your ship, whether from your initial location or when onshore and returning onboard. “A cruise ship can and will leave without you, and being left behind is a very costly mistake to make!” Cruise ships won’t be able to wait for late passengers so guests will need to make sure they get to the port on time. “Excursions, museums and restaurants in port towns can fill up quickly if you are travelling during peak tourist season,” said Yasmin. She added: “Booking any activities before you board is a great way to ensure you don’t miss out on anything, and you can often get a cheaper rate if you book well in advance. “You should also remember that some excursions offered by a ship will be more expensive than booking directly with a provider. “Googling some local, recommended guides will save you money and may actually result in a trip more catered to your interests!” Tourists shouldn’t feel they have to rely on cruise excursions as they could also book reliable third party tours. READ MORE: Expats explain how life in the USA is ‘odd’ Yasmin said: “You should always purchase travel insurance, no matter how safe your destination is. “Accidents can happen both on the ship and onshore and these can be very costly, especially if you are far from home. “Travel insurance is usually a lot less expensive than many believe, and if you’re visiting a country where healthcare is not free, it can save you a lot of money in the long run.” Travel insurance is an essential purchase and guests should check the extent of coverage to make sure they choose the right policy. Yasmin said: “Getting to your destination and having your card blocked can ruin your trip. Call your banking provider a few days before your travels and let them know the exact dates that you’ll be away. “Doing so means all transactions will be processed instead of blocked, making that fancy onshore dinner a lot less awkward!” Guests could also get a currency card so they don’t have to worry about any card charges while they’re away. Currency cards often offer a more favourable exchange rate and will stop British tourists wasting money on fees.