Sergio Perez has pledged to go for wins “every weekend” in a blow to Max Verstappen’s title hopes. The Mexican stressed he would “maximise’ the car to fight at the sharp end in a hint he will no longer play the number two role. It comes just months after the pair fell out in dramatic circumstances at the Brazilian Grand Prix after a team orders row. Perez told RacingNews365.com: “I want to maximise the car potential, and I want to be fighting for the win every weekend. "I'm really working hard for it, and that's my main target." Perez has had a key role in supporting Verstappen in his two title-winning seasons with a series of selfless moves. He held up Lewis Hamilton at the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to allow Verstappen to catch up in the title decider. Perez also let Verstappen take the win in Spain last season despite leading the race on his own accord. READ MORE: Sergio Perez reacts to Daniel Ricciardo Red Bull rumours However, tensions soared at Red Bull after Verstappen refused to allow Perez to pass in Sao Paulo. Red Bull wanted Perez to finish ahead so he could score more points in his championship battle with Charles Leclerc over the runners-up spot. But Verstappen ignored the request and hit back at his engineers for making it. He seemed to suggest a previous incident had led Verstappen to take matters into his own hands with many pointing the finger at an accident in Monaco qualifying. Perez claimed Verstappen's refusal to abide by an order showed “who he really is”. The debate spilt over onto social media with Verstappen’s mum, Sophie Kumpen, criticising Perez. DON'T MISSRed Bull's Christian Horner at odds with Verstappen over Perez verdict [INSIGHT]Brundle thinks Horner said something 'odd' about his Red Bull drivers [COMMENT]Ricciardo explains Red Bull decision after Aussie denied home reunion [ANALYSIS] Perez’s father, Antonio Perez Garibay, also got involved as he suggested Verstappen “feels the breath of Checo”. However, Perez has stressed he will still work with Verstappen as the team try and achieve the best possible result. He commented: “It is important to work as a team. In that regard, it is very clear. We want to maximise the team efforts. "It is not all about Max and myself, it is about the team. We have so many people back at the factory giving everything for us so we have to respond in that regard."