Staving off chronic conditions like cancer and heart disease that can jeopardise a long and healthy life is one way to approach longevity. Fortunately, a popular drink, which is probably already sitting in your kitchen cupboard, does this with gusto. “There are so many fads and trends, drinks and foods in fancy bottles or packaging, making bold claims which are generally unfounded with no scientific basis or merit,” said Dr Andre Brittain-Dissont, the clinical lead at Extensa Anti-Ageing Clinic. “However, it is repeatedly the case that simple and natural products exist with seemingly God given talents that can help us live longer.” One popular “anti-inflammatory” drink could not only extend your lifespan but also reduce your risk of bowel cancer. What’s more, the beverage is something you probably already enjoy on a daily basis - coffee. READ MORE: The 'anti-cancer' spice that could help shed visceral fat in 'weeks' - study Whether you’re picky about your coffee blend and preparation process or settle for the cheap instant stuff, coffee offers more than a nice-tasting caffeine fix. From cancer to heart disease, the popular beverage could help slash your risk of serious health problems. The potent effects of this beverage are even mapped out in the study, published in the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology. Looking at half a million people, coffee was linked to a longer lifespan while complementing the participant’s cardiovascular health.  The researchers found that decaf, ground and instant coffee were able to slash the risk of death by 14, 27 and 11 percent respectively. What’s more, the expert shared the black beverage could add between five to 10 years to your lifespan. However, this might differ from person to person as everyone has unique health and genes to consider. Dr Andre said: “The important part of coffee is probably not the caffeine, as the large study demonstrated that whether it was decaffeinated or caffeinated coffee the benefits were still the same. READ MORE: Menorrhagia is one of the most 'common signs' of cancer - 'Seek appointment with your GP' “We should understand that coffee is a natural product with hundreds, maybe thousands of biologically active components separate to caffeine. “These have an anti-inflammatory effect and an anti-oxidant effect that have been shown to reduce your chances of getting heart disease, kidney disease and heart failure. “It improves sugar metabolism, reducing your chance of diabetes, and promotes DNA repair, and reduces your chance of liver and colon cancer.” What’s more, the expert explained that two to three cups of coffee a day should be enough to do the trick. “Some studies even recommend more, but it is a good starting point so we don’t try to overdo it,” Dr Andre said. However, you should stick to the black stuff to reap these potent effects but it doesn’t matter whether you go for the caffeinated or decaffeinated version. Dr Andre added: “There is evidence that having it from a cafetiere is better. “As often is the case, it is the cheap and simple options which have been around for thousands of years that offer great anti-ageing benefits.”