Tyson Fury has been pipped to the post by 20-year-old businessman Sarbjot Johal in his pursuit of purchasing Morecambe football club. Johal’s takeover is still awaiting approval from the Football League but if completed will make him the youngest football club owner in the country. Fury, a resident of Morecambe, had been offered the opportunity to purchase the club last year and expressed great interest in doing so. "I’m thinking about buying Morecambe Football Club,” he told talkSPORT. “They’re in League One at the moment. So I was thinking I invest X amount of millions in them. Basically, throw it at them and keep them going up. “I’ve been offered to buy Morecambe Football Club. I own all the training facilities anyway and the training gym. So, who knows? You might be looking at a football club owner.” Fury entered into talks with directors to buy the club in late 2022 but opted not to do so with Johal swooping in instead. The young entrepreneur already had equity in the club but is now set to become a majority owner. Johal made his money in the drinks industry and will be buying the club through his investment firm Sarb Capital once he passes the EFL’s owners and director’s test. Confirming the news in a statement posted to the Morecambe FC website, chairman Graham Howse wrote: “It is fair to say the sale process hasn't progressed as quickly as we all would have liked - that said, my understanding is that exciting times are ahead both on and off the pitch. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury branded 'hardest puncher' days after Paul made YouTuber poo pants Eubank Jr team given 'no indication' they will activate Smith rematch Joshua sent major warning as Hearn doesn't mince words ahead of return “Sarbjot Johal is eager to start the project to take the Club on to a new level, subject to satisfactorily navigating the EFL Owners and Directors' test. Sarbjot, through his company Sarb Capital, has recently purchased equity in the Club, injecting more than useful income into us. I am, along with Sarbjot, keen that the process should now move on at pace to come to a positive conclusion.” Johal was born in Gravesend, Kent, to an immigrant Sikh family in 2002. He began work as a construction worker, aged 13, alongside his father and established his first company in the industry at just 15 years old. Two years later he developed Vitanic Grape Cocktail 0.0% Alc. 