America’s Got Talent’s All Stars spin-off sees the return of previous finalists, winners and popular contestants for another shot at winning the competition. As the 13-year-old magician, Aidan McCann made his comeback, many viewers took to social media with uncertainty.  Aidan first graced the screens in 2019, when he amazed judges in Ireland’s Got Talent. The following year, the then 11-year-old appeared on Britains Got Talent and made it all the way to the grand final but lost out to musical comedian Jon Courtenay. Despite this, Aidan had gained fans across the world and was even invited to appear on The Ellen Show where he stunned fans with a card trick. With his growing popularity, Aidan made his stage comeback on America’s Got Talent: All Stars for another shot at the winning title. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments   His first performance was such a hit, panellist Heidi Klum slammed the golden buzzer and sent Aidan straight to the finals. On Monday’s episode, the 13-year-old put on a confident display as he wanted to prove to judges and viewers he was worthy to be crowned the winner. As he walked over to the panel, he asked Simon Cowell: “When you were a kid in the 1870s did you have flashcards?” While the audience roared with laughter, Simon chuckled and chose a card from the youngster’s deck.    Aidan eventually moved on to fellow judge and model and stated: “Heidi, I want you to look into my eyes." As she maintained eye contact, Aidan explained: “I do this to create a strong connection with the person, but in your case, I just wanted to look into your eyes.” With the audience and the judges enthralled by his confidence and skills, viewers at home weren’t so certain. Taking to Twitter an unimpressed @Grabeelfan wrote: “This magic bored me so well.” DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell brands ex-BGT finalist 'Susan Boyle's grandson' [INSIGHT] AGT All Stars finalist Avery Dixon claims show saved his life [INSIGHT] An unimpressed @JacobElyachar tweeted: “Going to be completely brutally honest, Aidan McCann did not belong on the #AGTAllStars finale.” The viewer added: “I found the routine too juvenile & country fair. Either Eric Chien or Dustin Tavella should have had his spot!” Despite this, there were many others who defended Aidan and took to Twitter to praise his skills and courage. Including @NicholasSye1 who shared: “This is an amazing performance by Aidan McCann #AGTAllStars.  A third viewer @onufreyonboard remarked: “That was one of the best magic tricks ever.” An impressed @RyanBartholomee stated: “You are a joy to watch, @AidanMagician! And I have no idea how you did that!” @jeremygamer29 added: “Wow, Aidan!!! On the edge of my seat.... Brilliant performance!!” Heidi Klum also cheered on the youngster on social media, as she tweeted: "LET’S WIN THIS THING @aidanmagician!!! #AGTAllStars  America’s Got Talent: All Stars continues Mondays on ABC in the USA. 