The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have faced an onslaught of criticism following their tell-all documentary and the Prince’s memoir, with one royal columnist urging the royal couple to “mirror” Zara Tindall. Zara, Harry’s cousin, has kept a relatively low profile and has abstained from taking on royal titles or giving them to her children.   Princess Anne’s daughter, who took part in three Olympic Games and won the silver medal in an eventing team at the 2012 Games, married rugby player Mike Tindall in 2011. Together they have three children; Mia, nine, Lena, four and Lucas, one. Royal columnist Shelly Horton has said she loves that the former Olympian chose not to have royal titles. She wrote: “Zara Tindall exudes royalty without being very royal whatsoever. READ MORE: Prince William voiced concerns in unearthed clip  “It's the type of demeanour Meghan and Harry should be mirroring, rather than filming controversial documentaries and releasing take-down books.” Ms Horton added: “She's got three kids, and her juggle of child-rearing and getting back into show jumping is real. “Despite being an Olympian, Zara spoke candidly about how she feels guilty when she goes and trains because it's time spent away from the kids. “How honest is that?” DON'T MISSCharles could seem ‘weak’ if he agrees to Harry’s demands, expert say [REVEAL]Lady Louise Windsor made history with small detail at her christening [INSIGHT]Prince William feels Harry could ‘steal the limelight’ at Coronation [UPDATE]  The comments from the Aussie reporter come after Prince Harry’s bombshell memoir ‘Spare’ hit shelves. However, despite the negative feedback from many royal fans, the Duke’s memoir broke plenty of records Down Under as it became the nation’s fastest-selling memoir of all time. Harry's book sold over 120,000 copies in Australia only one week after it was released. The memoir continued to break book-selling records after it became the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time after it sold 1.4 million copies in just one day. In his memoir, Harry documents some explosive claims against some members of the Royal Family. Since the book was released on January 10, Harry's ratings have reportedly dropped seven points, according to Ipsos Mori.  