Leeds manager target Nuno Espirito Santo would reportedly be ‘keen’ on a return to the Premier League after a 16-month exile. The Whites remain on the hunt for a new head coach after sacking Jesse Marsch earlier this month. While Nuno is not Leeds’ top target, the former Wolves and Tottenham manager remains under consideration. The Portuguese tactician has been working in Saudi Arabia with Al-Ittihad this season. Nuno’s side are level on points with Cristiano Ronaldo’s Al-Nassr at the top of the Saudi Pro League. They also knocked Ronaldo’s side out of the Saudi Super Cup. But the ex-goalkeeper would apparently be keen on a return to England 16 months after he was sacked by Spurs at the start of last season. He would supposedly be open to replacing Marsch as Leeds boss, despite their interest in other targets. JUST IN: Premier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakes That is according to The Athletic, who have the latest on Leeds’ search for a new manager. Feyenoord boss Slot and Rayo Vallecano’s Andoni Iraola are believed to be the men Leeds are most interested in appointing. The report adds that Iraola was interested in replacing Marsch and Leeds officials left meetings with the Spaniard convinced that he would be their next head coach. However, Vallecano stayed firm in their position that they would not part with their manager midway through the season. Slot’s situation appears to be similar. The 44-year-old had guided Feyenoord to the top of the Eredivisie until last week, when AZ Alkmaar went a point ahead. Feyenoord do not want to lose Slot this season, but Leeds could make the most of a unique clause in the Dutchman’s contract. The stipulation reportedly says he could move to the Premier League at the end of the season if there is interest from an English club. DON'T MISS...Leeds 'weigh up Steven Gerrard appointment' that would see icon returnMan City 'could do Declan Rice swap deal' to rip up Arsenal plansMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag asked 'impossible' Jadon Sancho question However, Slot poured cold water on those reports, insisting he will be remaining at Feyenoord. He said last week: “I will stay with Feyenoord. I can say that with this one.” Wide-ranging reports suggested that Leeds could appoint a caretaker boss before revisiting their interest in Slot or Iraola in the summer. However, that seems unlikely with the Yorkshire outfit embroiled in a relegation battle. Steven Gerrard has been mooted as another possibility, just months on from his Aston Villa dismissal. Leeds - who face Manchester United on Sunday afternoon - could instead turn to Nuno by handing the 49-year-old a third spell in the Premier League.