Everyone has encountered the irritating little bobbles on their clothing at some point, and they can be extremely annoying to remove, especially if doing it by hand. While they’re harmless, they can be unsightly, ruining the appearance of a nice piece of clothing. To give clothes a new lease of life, laundry expert and CEO of Laundryheap, Deyan Dimitrov, has shared how to stop them appearing in the first place. The expert explained: “Pilling is caused when groups of short or snagged fibres become tangled together in a tiny knot or ball. These pills usually form as a result of friction or rubbing during general wear. “Whilst they can happen anywhere on fabrics, they’re usually found on the areas of your clothing or linens that undergo the most abrasion throughout the day. “No item is safe from piling. Areas particularly prone to bobbling include under the arms of tops and shirts or around the collar, on the inner seams and the seat of trousers, on the centre and corners of bed sheets - and on the side of tops or jackets that you usually carry a handbag or rucksack on. “Unfortunately there’s no quick trick to remove pilling from your clothes. READ MORE: Six front door paint shades to ‘avoid’ - colours ‘overused’ “One of the most effective ways to do so is to use a fine comb and gently rake through your garments’ pilled area to pull the knotted fibres away from its surface. “Alternatively, you could use a razor or small nail scissors and gently cut, or shave away, each pill from your clothing. Whilst this option is quicker, it’s also riskier. Make sure you hold your garment steady and on a flat surface to avoid tearing the fabric.” Britons should take measures to try and prevent pilling from occurring in the first place, including choosing clothing that’s less likely to pill. The expert explained: “Remember to check the label before you purchase a new item and make sure it’ll be able to withstand many washing cycles in its life. DON'T MISS:‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p [COMMENT]Five leftover foods you can grow for ‘free’ this spring [INSIGHT]Five ‘stylish’ features to bring the ‘wow’ factor to your kitchen [EXPLAINER] “Fabrics that contain a blend of different fibres are more likely to pill. And you’ll likely have noticed that knitwear is one of the biggest culprits for bobbling. To avoid this, opt for woven fabrics over knitted materials.” The more rough and tumble laundry experiences, the quicker the fabric will bobble. Washing clothing inside out can protect them as well as prolong the fabrics life. Also avoid washing favourite items with rough fabric like towels or denim as these abrasive materials can cause items to bobble. Cooler washing cycles, which are favoured by many nowadays anyway, will mean a less aggressive spin cycle, helping to protect clothing. READ MORE: ‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ Deyan added: “Gentle washes will give your clothes a safer and easier ride, helping to preserve their structures.” The expert continued: “Enzyme-based detergents are your best bet here. I would recommend ones with cellulase in them - it’s an enzyme that will help loosen pills in the wash. “It does a great job at breaking down existing pills, as well as keeping your fabrics from pilling in the future. Before a washing cycle, make sure to check whether your detergent contains this handy enzyme.” Fabric softeners can help to protect the fibres on clothing by softening them and providing a “handy shield” against environmental factors. Add a healthy amount of softener to your clothes for a bobble-free and soft result. The laundry pro noted: “Overfilled washing machines will push fabrics up against each other and cause more friction during a cycle, something which can induce fabric break down. “Whilst it’s important to run as big of a load as you can - for both environmental and cost reasons - be careful not to pack your drum too tightly. “As a general rule of thumb, you should aim to fill your washing machine drum up to two thirds of its capacity.” When drying laundry, opt to dry them on a drying rack instead of a tumble dryer to avoid damaging the fabric. The expert added: “This will also provide the added bonus of reducing your electricity consumption.”