Tommy Fury has responded to claims by YouTube star KSI that he would 'destroy' both him and boxing rival Jake Paul. Fury beat Paul by split decision as they finally met for a grudge match in Saudi Arabia on Sunday night, settling a feud that has been rumbling on for nearly two years. KSI has been a longstanding rival of Paul since drawing with the American's brother Logan Paul, before the pair embarked on business venture Prime together. Rapper and business entrepreneur KSI turned professional last year beating two boxers in the same night before he stopped FaZe Temperrr in January. In a social media video posted after Sunday night's fight KSI appeared to mock Paul for the defeat, before adding: "Honestly Jake Paul, trash. Tommy Fury, trash." The YouTube star then tweeted: "Honestly I would destroy both Jake Paul and Tommy Fury." Fury, the half-brother of heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury, now has an unbeaten professional boxing record of 9-0. Despite winning by split decision, Fury did drop to the canvas in the final round, but claimed he slipped and wasn't knocked down. READ MORE: Tommy Fury vs Jake Paul scorecards in full as Brit wins Saudi grudge match   Addressing the claims by KSI in his post-fight press conference Fury said: "KSI can sit back in his seat in London and say what he wants. He can do what he wants, sparring isn't fighting, you've got to get in there to do it. "I'll tell you now if KSI wants to entertain a fight, he's no Jake Paul. I'll take that no problem." Sat next to his son, John Fury said he wants to see KSI fight Tommy in Saudi Arabia 'next'. DON'T MISS:   KSI lost money on the fight after wagering £500 that underdog Paul would beat Fury in the much anticipated bout. KSI could have to wait to fight either of the social media stars as a re-match between Fury and Paul looks on the cards. "We can run it back," Paul told Sky Sports after suffering his first professional defeat. "I think we deserve that rematch. All respect to Tommy, he won. Don't judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses." 