The 2023 Grammy Awards ceremony was celebrated last night and saw countless stars receiving gongs for their music over the past 18 months. Harry Styles was a major winner throughout the night, winning Album of the Year, Best Engineered Album and Best Pop Vocal Album to name a few. His wins were applauded by stars around the world, including one member of One Direction. Harry and his former 1D pals have not been seen together much since they officially split up back in 2016. However, they have all separately confirmed they are on good terms behind the scenes. Niall Horan doubled down on this by posting a photo on his Instagram account of the Grammys happening live. He took a shot of Harry winning an award and captioned it with a few words of encouragement. Niall wrote: "very proud" alongside a love heart and a tag of the As It Was' Instagram handle. Fans noticed this and instantly began celebrating the rare interaction between the musicians. "Crying because I just saw @NiallOfficial post about @Harry_Styles. The love and support they give each other," (sic) one fan emotionally wrote on Twitter alongside a string of emojis. Another said: "Im literally crying over niall posting about harry on is his story, I love their friendship sm." (sic) A third chimed in: "Very proud of Harry too Niall, he did fantastic.. but also SO proud of all you lads of 1D." (sic) DON'T MISS...Harry Styles makes jaw-dropping Grammy Awards appearance [NEWS]Taylor Swift and Harry Styles reunite at Grammys 10 years after split [INFO]Ben Affleck's 'bored' Grammys reaction has fans in hysterics [FUNNY] A fourth mused: "niall probably texted harry immediately after posting that story." (sic) While another joked: "no one is talking about niall posting on his story. this is the closest we’re getting to a one direction reunion GET UP." (sic) This isn't the first time the idea of a reunion has come up. Fans have been calling for it since the band split up years ago, but the band have been reluctant to speak about it ever since. Harry broke his silence about a potential reunion in recent months. This isn't a massive surprise considering he still plays the One Direction song What Makes You Beautiful at his live shows. Harry said of a reunion in a 2022 interview: "The thought of it is really nice. I’d love for there to be a time where it felt like something we all wanted to do." After giving it a little more thought, he added: "Yeah, I think if there’s a moment for us to do it in the right way, I think it’d be great." He confirmed: "I think we all went through something really special together, and there’s a lot of love there." (Via Spout Podcast)