Aaron Rodgers continues to plant seeds of doubt into the minds of the Green Bay Packers amid rumours he could join the Las Vegas Raiders. After Rodgers won the MVP in back-to-back years in 2020 and 2021, the Packers somewhat strangely decided to trade away their star wide receiver in Davante Adams, and failed to adequately replace him. This saw the Packers struggle offensively, with Rodgers not look as comfortable as what fans have come to expect from him. At the end of what was a disappointing season, Rodgers was non-committal on whether he'd be returning to the team, stating that he wants to take some time away before he thinks about where he'll play in 2023. This has lead to speculation that he could be traded, with the New York Jets being mentioned as a serious candidate to trade for the legendary quarterback. A number of teams are set to be in the market for a quarterback, including the Las Vegas Raiders, as Derek Carr won't be returning next season after a poor year. The Raiders had initially been linked with Tom Brady, but after his retirement announcement, now could turn their attentions to Rodgers, and reunited him with Adams, where they were perhaps the best partnership in the NFL. Adams himself had hinted that he'd like to see Rodgers in Las Vegas in a cryptic message on social media, which continued to fuel the rumours. And while Rodgers was playing in a Pro-Am, videos have been shared of fans asking him to join the Raiders, to which he is seen laughing. When asked about what team he has in mind should he move ahead of next season, Rodgers said: "I’m just going to say the predominant team that we hear [from the fans] as we’re walking is Raiders. There's a lot of Raiders fans.  "There's been a lot of 'Davante misses you' comments. So we're having some fun with it. It's a great event, great for the fans to be out here." Rodgers remains under contract with the Packers after signing an extension this past off-season, but has hinted that he beleives the team could be looking to move on from him.