Andrew Tate has lost his appeal against further detention in a Romanian prison for sex trafficking charges. The ruling will see the suspect face time in custody until 27 February as prosecutors continue investigating the case. Tate, 36, a British-US citizen who has nearly five million followers on Twitter and his brother, Tristan, 34, were arrested in December on suspicion of human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group to exploit women. Two Romanian women were also arrested in December in connection with the charges. The court rejected all four appeals and the accused will remain in custody until February 27 as prosecutors continue investigating the case. As Tate was escorted from the Bucharest Court of Appeals with his brother and their two alleged female accomplices, he hit out at what he suggested was a sham trial based on "no evidence". "Ask them for evidence and they will give you none because it doesn't exist," Tate shouted as he was escorted from the court into a police van. "You will find out the truth of this case soon." READ MORE: Andrew Tate will NOT help you live your best life - we're being duped, says RHIDIAN BROOK An online petition launched in January to free the brothers has garnered nearly 100,000 signatures. After the Tates and the two women were arrested, Romania’s anti-organised crime agency, DIICOT, said in a statement that it had identified six victims in the human trafficking case who were subjected to “acts of physical violence and mental coercion” and were sexually exploited by members of the alleged crime group. The agency said victims were lured with pretenses of love, and later intimidated, surveilled and subjected to other control tactics while being coerced into engaging in pornographic acts for substantial financial gains. Ioan Gliga, a lawyer representing the Tate brothers, told the media Wednesday before the court ruled that the defense presented “solid arguments” that the extended detention period “is not necessary”. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] Earlier in January, Romanian authorities descended on a compound near Bucharest where they towed away a fleet of luxury cars that included a blue Rolls-Royce, a Ferrari and a Porsche. They reported seizing assets worth an estimated $3.9million. Prosecutors have said that if they can prove the owners gained money through illicit activities such as human trafficking, the assets would be used to cover the expenses of the investigation and to compensate victims. Tate also unsuccessfully appealed the asset seizure. Who is Andrew Tate? Andrew Tate has built a huge social media through provocative posts, confrontational tweets and short films, which portray women as submissive to men and have widely been condemned as misogynistic. He was banned from YouTube, Instagram, Facebook and TikTok for his "toxic" comments about women but his posts are still shares widely. Elon Musk reinstated the controversial figure on Twitter after a five-year ban from the site. Prior to his arrest, Tate had trolled the teenage environmentalist on Twitter about how many cars he owned. In reponse,Ms Thunberg asked him to email her at “smalldickenergy@getalife.com". In addition to getting into social media spats, the self-styled "king of toxic masculinity" claims to have amassed a vast fortune from a business empire that has been focused upon webcam pornography and the so-called "Hustlers University", which charges members a monthly fee to teach them how to earn more money, and has been criticised as a pyramid-selling scheme designed simply to promote Tate's growing fame.