Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag penned an open letter to the club’s fans after their 2-0 win over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford ensured the first trophy of the season would be lifted by the Red Devils to a raucous crowd at Wembley. The Dutch boss has overseen a dramatic transformation from when he took over, as the club was in disarray and further highlighted by early-season defeats to Brentford and Brighton. However, now United are the only team in Europe capable of winning four trophies and lifted the first piece of silverware of the Ten Hag era at Wembley. The atmosphere in the United end was on display as Ten Hag’s side celebrated with their fans in jubilant spirit. They are Carabao Cup winners, eight points off Premier League leaders Arsenal and remain in both the FA Cup and Europa League. And now Ten Hag has taken the time to write to the club’s fans on Monday morning following their cup triumph. “To all Manchester United supporters, I wanted to take the time to address you directly this morning. When I arrived at the club, we spoke about the challenge and importance of reuniting this group of players with our amazing fans. Believe me, this squad knows exactly how important you are. The bond between the supporters and the team is there for everyone to see and what we experienced together yesterday will only further strengthen that bond. “The atmosphere generated by those of you at Wembley was incredible. From the first minute until the last you were there with us, driving the team on, supporting and encouraging them to get over the line to bring the trophy back to Manchester. For those of you who couldn’t be there, we felt your support before, during and after the game. Know that each and every one of you will always play your part in this team being successful. “I am proud of my players and staff for their preparation and performances. Yesterday, we saw the required desire, spirit and determination that we must demand of everyone who represents Manchester United. We set ourselves high standards every day. At Wembley we met those demands and got the reward of our first trophy together. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route “We know the importance of silverware throughout the history of this great club. We are so happy to bring the trophy back to Old Trafford but we are by no means satisfied and we will not stop here. Together we have experienced the feeling of what it means to win together for Manchester United. It is truly magnificent and will only make each of us hungrier for more success. “This group has made great strides in the last few months but there is still a lot more to come. I can assure you that everyone at Carrington will be working constantly because we know that this club and you, our supporters, deserve more great days like this. “We will go back to work today, with full focus now on preparing to face West Ham in the FA Cup on Wednesday evening. There will be no complacency in our desire to return this club back to where we want to be. “Please know that you are vital to what we want to achieve and take yesterday as proof of what can happen when we are all United together. Thank you for your support and dedication, Erik ten Hag.”