Conor McGregor has left fans scratching their heads after his latest offbeat video. The clip, which shows the Irishman exiting the Ultimate Fighter House, had supporters asking ‘what McGregor said?’ as he rambled and screamed at the camera. McGregor is currently over in Las Vegas coaching for the 31st season of the hit reality television show which pits him up against future foe Michael Chandler. The pair are expected to square off later this year following the conclusion of the series. And McGregor looks to be enjoying himself as he was seen climbing into a taxi with a big grin on his face. Whipping out his camera, he provided his nearly 50million followers with an update on how his second stint on TUF is going but few were able to understand a word of what he said. “I understood every word,” sarcastically wrote one of his followers (@tickedoff_). “Translation?” wrote another (@kud_be_sid). Meanwhile, one fan (@furyjuri) managed to translate the first sentence: "He said “weight cut tomorrow mornin’.” Notorious has been out of the UFC Octagon since July 2021, when he broke his leg against fierce rival Dustin Poirier at UFC 264. The former two-weight world champion has been out of the USADA drugs testing pool since the third quarter of 2021 and is set to complete six months’ worth of testing before being given the all-clear to compete again. MORE UFC NEWS... UFC fighter's 'penis stopped working' after making huge weight cut McGregor breaks silence on long-awaited UFC comeback fight Wilder 'fielding offers' for Ngannou fight after Ruiz Jr development McGregor had hoped to exercise a loophole which would have cleared him to fight after just two clean tests. But USADA has since amended their ruling, with all fighters who return required to test negative for six months before fighting for the MMA giants again. The exemption initially stated that the UFC could waive their official anti-doping partner’s six-month rule in ‘exceptional circumstances’ or where the rule would be ‘manifestly unfair’ to an athlete. This was exercised back in 2016 to allow Brock Lesnar a quick turnaround against Mark Hunt. However, the WWE superstar went on to fail a post-fight drugs test and received a one-year ban from the sport as well as a fine in the region of £200,000. UFC president Dana White has been understandably less keen on the exemption ever since.