Tottenham are set to be without captain Hugo Lloris for up to two months. However, it could be a blessing in disguise for both the Frenchman and Antonio Conte. Lloris has struggled for form this season. He has made more errors that have led to goals than any other goalkeeper in the Premier League. Conte has stuck by his captain and continued to pick him in every Premier League match. But now he is forced to make a change due to a knee injury picked up in Sunday's win over Manchester City, which could benefit all parties. Lloris has faced huge question marks over his position in the Spurs side and future in north London. Now he has a chance to be out of the limelight to recover both physically and mentally. READ MORE: Haaland 'makes request to lawyers' with Man City star planning to jump ship  It has been a full-on few months for the 36-year-old, who skippered France to the World Cup final, only to lose to Argentina in dramatic fashion. Spurs have not reached the heights that Conte will have wanted both before and after the tournament and his skipper has let him down on a number of occasions. Fraser Forster will now be thrust into action for potentially seven Premier League matches, as well as the Champions League round of 16 tie against AC Milan. Forster played in the first two rounds of the FA Cup and will now keep his place for the trip to Sheffield United. Conte would ideally want Lloris to be fit but he has a competent goalkeeper in Forster who is highly experienced at this level. He is used to playing in high-pressure Champions League matches from his first spell at Celtic a decade ago. A break could do Lloris good and he could return for the final six weeks or so of the season in a better position, while Conte will have a goalkeeper back ready to prove he is still good enough. Former Premier League goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer believes it is a blessing in disguise. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove GlazersMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertRonaldo team-mate shares how Al-Nassr squad reacted to captain losing armband  He said on Sky Sports News: "Yes. In a nutshell, yes. I'm only speculating but I'm talking about the fact that the pressure, the disappointment, the mental fatigue of a World Cup, the disappointment of not winning it, I think he mentioned something about that not long ago. "The spotlight is very much on him again, question marks about his longevity at the club and about whether or not he is able to play at this level. All those little things take a toll on you at times. "To be out for six to eight weeks might not be the best situation but in terms of being out of the spotlight now, is potentially a good thing."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here