American hedge fund Elliot have entered the bidding for Manchester United, according to reports. Qatari billionaire Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani, as well as Sir Jim Ratcliffe, are both eyeing the Red Devils. However, more developments are unfolding at a time where the Glazers are open to a potential sake. On Friday, Al-Thani confirmed he was interested in buying United and had launched a debt-free offer to buy the club and oust the Glazers. And Ratcliffe’s company, INEOS, have also registered an interest after missing out on Chelsea last year. Now, according to The Times, American hedge fund Elliot have also entered the bidding. The former owner of AC Milan, which manages around £46billion in assets, apparently lodged a late proposal before Friday’s deadline. It is currently unclear what the details of their bid are. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford However, the publication speculates it may involve Elliot taking a stake on the club, providing debt funding or a mix of the two. Right now, Qatar seem to be frontrunners in the race to buy United. They’re confident their bid is the strongest, with Al-Thani confirming his stance on Friday by saying via his Nine Two Foundation: “Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United once more. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “The vision of the bid is for Manchester United to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. “More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops.” A statement from INEOS, meanwhile, confirmed the bid from Ratcliffe as well. "Sir Jim Ratcliffe and INEOS have submitted a bid for majority ownership of Manchester United Football Club,” it read. “We would see our role as the long-term custodians of Manchester United on behalf of the fans and the wider community. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We are ambitious and highly competitive and would want to invest in Manchester United to make them the number one club in the world once again. “We also recognise that football governance in this country is at a crossroads. “We would want to help lead this next chapter, deepening the culture of English football by making the club a beacon for a modern, progressive, fan-centred approach to ownership. "We want a Manchester United anchored in its proud history and roots in the North-West of England, putting the Manchester back into Manchester United and clearly focusing on winning the Champions League." United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. However, in their statement back in November, they confirmed they were open to a potential sale. "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers,” it read. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.”