Arsenal saw their hopes of winning a first Premier League title since 2004 dealt a hammer blow after a 3-1 defeat to Manchester City on Wednesday night. The Gunners had gone into the game hoping to end a run of three matches without a win. However, this latest setback is the most painful of the lot. Arsenal have experienced a drop-off in recent times. They lost 1-0 to Manchester City in the FA Cup, with Nathan Ake scoring the only goal of the game on that occasion. Arsenal then proceeded to fall to defeat to Everton, with James Tarkowski bagging to give Sean Dyche the dream start to life on Merseyside. And, before the defeat against City, they’d slipped to a 1-1 draw against Brentford. Goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland gave Pep Guardiola’s side all three points on Wednesday night, dealing a blow to former pupil Arteta in the process. Express Sport now takes a look at three players who failed to shine for Arsenal, with their hopes of winning the title now firmly in the balance. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Eddie Nketiah has started 10 matches in a row for Arsenal, with the youngster thriving at a time where Gabriel Jesus has been injured. But the 23-year-old will be ruing his failure to convert with a header in the first half. Oleksandr Zincheko put the ball on a plate for Nketiah, who managed to get the jump on the City backline to rise highest inside the box. However, despite having only Ederson to beat, the forward sent his effort wide - much to the frustration of Arteta on the sidelines. Though he did atone by winning a penalty, it was still a night to forget for the Arsenal star. That missed header, should the Gunners fail to win the title this season, will likely cause him sleepless nights. Takehiro Tomiyasu has been a good asset for Arsenal ever since arriving back in the summer transfer window of 2021. But, had he not gifted the ball to De Bruyne for City’s opener in the first half, the table could be looking extremely different. The Japan international should have put more on his backpass to Aaron Ramsdale, who was rushing out to greet the ball. Yet he sold his Arsenal team-mate short and Grealish’s strike late on also came from his side of the pitch. Tomiyasu threw himself at the ball in an effort to prevent the goal but moved too late, paving the way for Grealish to curl the ball past Ramsdale instead. Gabriel has been another Arsenal success story this season, with the Brazilian impressing alongside William Saliba. But he allowed the magnitude of the match to get to him - and Erling Haaland in particular. Gabriel was unable to win his duel against the City striker, who used his physical attributes to gain small margins. And the Arsenal defender was caught out by Haaland for City’s winner, not doing enough to stop the Norway international from charging towards goal. Gabriel is a solid figure for Arsenal usually but, like with Tomiyasu and Nketiah, it was a night to forget. City have now gone above Arsenal on goal difference at the top of the league table. But the Gunners do have a game in hand - one they’ll be hopeful of winning given their desire to win the league. City and Arsenal are now five points ahead of Manchester United, who are third in the standings. And all signs point to those being closest to the title come the end of the season.