After discussing the latest sports news, Charlie Stayt spoke about how the weather had taken a turn with Mike Bushell. However, it didn't take long for Naga Munchetty and Mike to wind up meteorologist Carol Kirkwood before she gave BBC Breakfast viewers the latest weather forecast. Although, it seemed Mike had taken the banter a step too far, leading Naga to warn him: "Be careful". "This morning when you came in, was it sort of wet?" Charlie asked Mike. "It was not a nice morning." "I forgot what rain looked like, to be honest," Mike replied. "It was in your face and your hair." Naga chimed in: "You would hope Carol would cheer us up, wouldn't you?" READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' Taking a cheeky swipe at Carol, Mike continued: "I don't hold out much hope looking at her." "Ohhhh," Naga replied awkwardly. "I don't know if that came out as he meant." The sports reporter quickly added: "The grey skies behind you." "Yeah...you need to be careful, Mike," Naga warned her co-star. She added: "Seriously, the temper will come out of her." Luckily, Carol seemed to see the funny side as she told him: "That is called backpedalling furiously, Mike. "Good morning everybody, Mike is right though, it is quite a cloudy start to the day." Carol often updates her Twitter followers about the weather forecast as she presents BBC Breakfast. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans want to know about William and Brianna's relationship [INSIGHT]Vera's Riley Jones speaks out on co-star's exit [EXCLUSIVE]Capital FM hit with Ofcom complaints after 'disgusting' Turkey joke [REACTON] In view of her 239,000 Twitter followers on Thursday, she penned: "By the end of tonight we will have gales/severe gales across parts of northern and western Scotland. "Tomorrow this chart shows what you can expect across the northern half of the country. Strongest winds will be with exposure @BBCBreakfast." She later wrote: "Do you ever find that mornings you expect to be quiet turn out to be really busy?! "I can't believe it is already 0915. Where did the last few hours go? xxx." (sic) Her followers were quick to reply, with @dave56drb tweeting: "It's seems to get worse the older we get Carol time absolutely flys by, hope you enjoy the rest of your day before it's all gone." (sic) "Along with "HOW CAN IT BE THURSDAY ALREADY?!"" @GreyAreaUK replied. While @joel_desvignes added: "Most mornings are like that for me. Sometimes the whole day is like that and it gets to 5pm and you get all flustered because it's time to pick up the kids." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.