Max Verstappen’s status as one of the sport's greatest-ever drivers has been questioned by F1 chief Pat Symonds. The sport’s chief technical officer said it was “too early to say” if Verstappen could be the best ever despite a commanding season in 2022. Symonds stressed the reigning champion needed to deliver consistent performances in slower cars as it was too easy for the 25-year-old last season. Verstappen cruised to the title with a record-breaking 15 wins last season as Charles Leclerc and Ferrari fell away. Symonds told Sky Sports F1: “I think it’s early to say that, he’s driving absolutely superb last year but the challenge fell away didn't it. The Ferrari was there at the beginning of the year by the end of the year it [wasn’t]. "Not so much falling away because actually the competitiveness in the last few races was very good but along the way the mistakes, the tactical calls really left Max in a great position. Now don’t get me wrong I'm not detracting anything from his driving, his skill, his age, absolutely amazing. READ MORE: Red Bull car 'secrets' come to light after Max Verstappen statement “But I think we need a few more years and see Max in a car that’s not quite so good.” He added: “What’s been harder, winning in a great car or driving a car that you might describe in terms you shouldn’t use on air. Because that’s what I think is a great driver, someone who can take something by the scuff of the neck and wring a performance out of it that really isn’t there.” Verstappen won his first Grand Prix as a Red Bull driver after being promoted from Toro Rosso back in 2016. Since he has been a consistent threat, picking up race wins from Mercedes during the turbo-hybrid era. He pipped Lewis Hamilton at the final race in 2021 to win his maiden championship before conquering the field last year. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell rules out Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes hopes in Bahrain [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton sent 'dreaded' warning as Kravitz assesses new Mercedes [ANALYSIS]Verstappen gives surprise answer on new Red Bull car after F1 testing [COMMENT] It has left many pundits such as Anthony Davidson and Nico Rosberg to claim he is one of F1’s top talents. Symonds continued to doubt Verstappen when pushed on who could be the all-time best driver. He explained: “I think that’s difficult to answer. I’ve worked with some great drivers, I worked with Senna, I worked with Schumacher, I worked with Alonso. The greatest probably predates my time because I think in those early days of Formula One. Those guys were just heroes.”