Television presenter Sophie Morgan, 37, revealed to her fans that she was getting treatment for some complications she experienced following a “minor” operation. The media personality didn’t share further details on her own health, but claimed the post had an entirely different purpose for her advocacy. The media personality didn’t share further details on her own health, but claimed the post had an entirely different purpose for her advocacy. On Instagram, Sophie shared a candid pic, writing alongside it: “In the hospital (at the moment). “Complications post minor op. “Sharing this to highlight that it takes a LOT for disabled (people) to find the energy to fight when their bodies are a battleground as it is.” As Sophie uploaded a snap of herself in hospital last night, with heart rate monitors and general medical items captured in the background, she shared her progress around getting accessible air travel. The Loose Women star wrote: “Progress Update: Letter to the PM from MP about to be circulated for signatures. “Aviation experts consulting. “Campaign launching next week. “Global partnerships being established.” Her thousands of fans showered the presenter with encouragement, with countless well-wishers adding: “Hope you feel better soon." The advocate is currently embroiled in a fight against British Airways after claiming they broke her £8,000 wheelchair while it was in transit last month. While flying from Los Angeles to Heathrow, Sophie’s wheelchair and its battery-powered attachment were reattached when put into the plane’s hold, despite the two items being checked-in separately. DONT MISS:  When Sophie landed back in the UK, she discovered she was somewhat trapped as airport staff attempted to separate the incorrectly attached wheelchair and battery. Writing in the caption of a clip showcasing her ordeal on Instagram, Sophie shared: “It took over half an hour to ‘break’ them apart, all that time I had to sit on an aisle chair that was NOT safe and I didn’t know if I would be able to get back into my chair. "Eventually, they broke them apart and I got back into my chair and reattached the batec but it’s not safe to use. I then discovered more damage. “This has GOT TO STOP. Thousands of chairs are damaged by airlines every year.” In a statement, BA said: "We're extremely sorry for Sophie's experience and we're investigating what happened as a matter of urgency. We've been in contact with Sophie to sincerely apologise and to resolve the matter with her directly.  "We carry hundreds of thousands of customers who require additional assistance each year and we work hard to provide help and support them throughout the whole journey. It's extremely disheartening when things go wrong, and we don’t underestimate the impact this has.” The Loose Women panellist tragically suffered a spinal cord injury when she was just 18. In 2003, the presenter was in Scotland when she got involved in a car accident that left her partially paralysed. While the four friends in the car with Sophie were able to escape with minor injuries, the Crowborough-born star was trapped under the overturned car and suffered a fractured back. Sophie was driving the vehicle at the time and has since admitted that while she hadn’t had anything to drink, she was “driving like an idiot”, according to The Sun. The presenter rose to fame hosting Channel 4’s coverage of the Paralympic Games and then went on to become a household name in the UK as part of the Loose Women team.