Manchester United have been warned of two other teams who would be “perfect” for Harry Kane if he does decide to leave Tottenham in the summer. There had been rumours that Spurs were prepared to listen to offers starting at £70million for Kane as he has just 18 months left on his contract in north London, though the striker has poured cold water on claims that he may leave at the end of the season. Kane has since stated that talks will begin regarding a new contract soon, but until he has put pen to paper rumours will persist that he may quit Spurs as despite his individual success, Kane has not won a trophy at the club. United have been named as one potential suitor as they are looking for a new striker following Cristiano Ronaldo’s exit, but former Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Petit believes that Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain would be “perfect” for Kane if he decides to go abroad. “So maybe Manchester United, for me this is the only option [in England]. But if he wants to go abroad, there are two perfect clubs for him. PSG and the other one is Bayern Munich,” Petit told Betway. “When I look at Bayern Munich, I have a lot of respect for [Eric Maxim] Choupo-Moting but he's the only striker. There are only two clubs abroad who can afford and can buy Harry Kane. It's PSG and Bayern Munich and in the Premier League, there's only one club for me and it's Manchester United. “We ask the same question of Harry Kane every season. Does he want to go somewhere else because I think year after year, someday it's going to be too late for him to leave Tottenham. “There are only two options for him, he either stays at the club until the end and be an ambassador or manager. He will be loved for a long time by the Spurs fans. The other option is to maybe go to Manchester United because [Wout] Weghorst has not been doing very well since he joined the club.”  Weghorst joined United this month on loan from Burnley until the end of the season, as a potential stop-gap after Ronaldo’s contract at Old Trafford was terminated and funds were unavailable for a big-money replacement. Chelsea have not been afraid to splash the cash following their £323m spending spree last month, but Petit does not think that Kane would move to the Blues due to their rivalry with Spurs. “Chelsea are missing a striker even with all those players and the money spent in the transfer market, they're still missing a striker over there,” Petit added. “For me, if he wants to move, there are only two options in the Premier League. He can’t join Chelsea knowing the rivalry between Spurs and Chelsea. And he won't be joining Arsenal as he was at Arsenal when he was a kid and you know the rivalry with Arsenal is even bigger than it is with Chelsea.”