Britain and the West must be prepared for nuclear war, should Russia emerge triumphant from the conflict in Ukraine, says financier Bill Browder. Browder is the CEO of Hermitage Capital Management, an investment advisor to Hermitage Fund which was once the largest foreign portfolio investor in Russia. He explained a Putin victory would mean renewed focus on other areas of Eastern Europe, which would eventually turn to the wider West before long. Mr Browder added that the scenario of all-out war with Russia must be completely avoided, meaning Ukraine must win and the West must provide them with complete assistance. Writing for the Mail on Sunday, he said: "If Russia wins, this won’t be the end of Putin’s military adventures. I promise you this. "The next stop will be Estonia, Lithuania or Poland. "He’ll point his guns at these countries and his nuclear missiles at London, Berlin, and Washington. "He’ll laugh as our politicians and pundits go on TV and descend into endless sniping about the merits of risking millions of lives and countless treasure to engage in an all-out war with Russia."  The eastern Ukrainian regions of Luhansk and Kharkiv faced more attacks from Putin's forces on Saturday, as newly drafted Russian soldiers appear to be replacing Wagner fighters, local military leaders said. “The number of the Wagners has significantly decreased nowadays compared to what we saw a few months ago.Most likely they were killed in the Bakhmut and Soledar sectors,” Serhiy Hayday, head of the Luhansk region military administration, wrote on Telegram. “We are seeing new units of mobilized personnel who are coming in after several months of training. They are the ones who are going on the offensive now."  Hayday added that the eastern city of Kreminna is one of the areas seeing the most fighting, revealing the "the overall situation is difficult but fully controlled. The number of attacks and shelling of our positions has indeed increased." Russian forces are jamming Ukrainian drone signals while also deploying suicide squads to detect Ukrainian forces’ positions, according to Hayday.  It comes as prime minister Rishi Sunak said that the UK is ready to support all its allies if they can deliver "fighter jets to Ukraine now". Ukraine's President has made numerous calls on Nato members to provide his country with military aircraft such as the F-16. Sunak told a session of the Munich Security Conference on Saturday that the UK and its allies were trying to equip Ukraine with "advanced air defence systems". He said: "Together we must help Ukraine to shield its cities from Russian bombs and Iranian drones. "Of course, the United Kingdom stands ready to help any country provide planes that Ukraine can use today. "But we must also train Ukrainian pilots to use the most advanced jets." Towns in the Kharkiv region, northwest of Luhansk, were also shelled by Russian forces on Saturday, killing one civilian and injuring two, according to Oleh Synehubov, head of the Kharkiv region military administration.