Last week, S Club 7 announced that they were back for a 25th anniversary tour. The 90s pop music group are set to embark on an 11-date arena tour across the UK starting in October before ending at London’s The O2 Arena. However, ahead of the big reunion, there are the occasional one-off gigs by the band and the latest saw just one member show up for a sold-out concert. The S Club 7 gig in Newport, Isle of Wight was set to have Bradley McIntosh and Tina Barrett perform as a duo. The concert with £23 tickets in a 150 people-capacity bar sold out in under 90 seconds. Yet fans who attended were left furious after Tina didn’t show up, forcing Bradley to perform a solo gig. Wyld, which hosted the events said there were “disappointed” and explained the decision was made due to contract obligations following the recently announced 25th anniversary tour. Nevertheless, they thanked fans who attended for the “fun and memorable” evening. Nevertheless, fuming attendees unleashed their anger at the change on social media. One fan wrote: “Absolutely raging!! Paid good money to see two members of S Club 7 and only one showed up. We weren't notified about this either.” Another said: “What a let down. Turned up to find out they can't perform as S Club as they've signed a contract and no Tina. Happy to take everyone's money though." One tweeted: “What a disappointing night. I felt so bad for Bradley.” Bradley and Tina will be joined by Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole and Rachel Stevens for the full line-up tour later this year. The band said in a combined statement: "After eight years it feels amazing to announce that we're reuniting and performing together again. We're so excited to bring the S Club Party back to our fans across the country to celebrate 25 years of S Club 7. We can't even believe it's been so long! Music and friendship have always been at the core of everything that we've ever done. We hope everyone can join us for one big party!!” Here are their tour dates and how to book tickets. READ MORE: S Club 7 UK tour tickets are out this week - here's where to get them S Club 7 25th Anniversary UK Tour Dates • 13th October - Liverpool, M&S Bank Arena • 14th October - Sheffield, Utilita Arena • 16th October - Dublin, 3Arena • 18th October - Glasgow, OVO Hydro • 19th October - Newcastle, Utilita Arena • 20th October - Leeds, First Direct Arena • 21st October - Manchester, AO Arena • 23rd October - Cardiff, International Arena • 24th October - Nottingham, Motorpoint Arena • 26th October - Birmingham, Utilita Arena • 28th October - London, The O2 Buy S Club 7 tickets here.