However, peace in Weatherfield doesn't last long as Abi (played by Sally Carman) is set to be thrown in the middle of the upcoming non-consensual storyline with Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) and Aaron Sandford (James Craven). Upcoming scenes in Coronation Street will see Aaron take things too far with Amy, leaving her to battle with the turn of events which happened without her consent. Writer Ian McLeod previously opened up about the tough storyline which is set to air on Friday, March 3. In the emotional scenes to come, Aaron and Amy move to the bedroom and begin to undress before admitting she feels sick and rolling away from Aaron. However, he ignores her comment and continues to kiss Amy who is unaware of what happens next as he makes the decision for her that they will have sex. The next day Amy is horrified when she realises how far things went the night before and begins to feel betrayed by her friend. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Opening up about the storyline, Ian spoke to Express.co.uk and other press and said: "We thought actually, there's a huge story that we can tell that features them right at the heart of it. "It's very relatable and very teenage. We're hoping that it'll be one of those Coronation Street stories that kind of shocks people a bit and provokes awkward conversations in front of the television. "I'm really, really pleased with it, we have worked very closely with a couple of charities to make sure we get the detail right." He also touched on how Abi will be involved in the storyline and will be tasked with the trouble of trying to decide who is telling the truth. Ian explained: "She is embroiled in the story, so she becomes a key confidant for one of the youngsters in the kind of the big, socially responsible issue type story. "She becomes somebody's surrogate mum, and then has really big dilemmas to face about whose version of events does she believe and who does she side with. "It causes her to investigate her own history of substance misuse and things like that over the years, so there are loads to play with in that story." As the storyline progresses, it will explore the different understandings of non-consensual sexual activity as both teens battle with what happened that night. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest staggered by black opal brooch's value  [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [LATEST]EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair  [INSIGHT] Speaking about part of the huge storyline, Amy actress Elle Mulvany said: "Initially when I was given the storyline I was quite anxious to take it on as it’s such an important issue and we wanted to get it right. "There are so many different viewpoints from the characters but for us, it was important that when we portray that night it’s clear that while Amy doesn’t say the words she definitely doesn't consent. "That meant that we had to highlight her usual behaviour in the run-up to the episode so that she didn’t act uncharacteristically. "The characters were getting closer before the event but even though they were friends that doesn’t mean it’s ok for him to do what he wants, this shouldn’t be a grey area. "It’s huge to be a young actress on the show and to be given a storyline like this because it shows how much faith the team has in us, which in turn gives us the confidence to tackle the story. "It won’t end here either, it will be interesting to see the character develop in a different way because this will stay with Amy for a long time. "It’s important to note the way it will affect her mental health and well-being going forward which is something else we want to highlight with this story.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.