Premier League referees were dressed down by PGMOL chief Howard Webb in a meeting on Tuesday. Officials were summoned to Stockley Park after a series of costly decisions during last weekend’s top-flight action. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta claimed his side were denied two points after a comical error by VAR official Lee Mason on Saturday. Mason drew the incorrect lines before wrongly allowing a Brentford equaliser to stand in the 1-1 draw at the Emirates Stadium. On the other side of London, Brighton saw a perfectly legitimate goal by Pervis Estupinan chalked off against Crystal Palace. VAR's John Brooks inexplicably drew the offside line at Palace defender James Tomkins, despite team-mate Marc Guehi being at least a yard behind his defensive partner. The game also finished 1-1. Furious at a litany of mistakes, 2010 World Cup Final referee Webb held a compulsory meeting of officials at Stockley Park. The PGMOL has now detailed the 'thorough' review of errors that saw Arsenal and Brighton offered public apologies. JUST IN: Antonio Conte dealt extra headache for AC Milan second leg after loss A PGMOL statement read: “A constructive meeting was held at Stockley Park today, led by new Chief Refereeing Officer Howard Webb, to thoroughly review officiating errors in Premier League matches last weekend,” a statement read. “There was a focus on error prevention and a reinforcement of best practice process with the aim of achieving accurate outcomes in an efficient manner going forward. “We accept mistakes were made and we acted accordingly by calling a meeting and changing appointments where appropriate, however, we are encouraged by the way our officials have responded and are confident they will take the learnings forward, always with the aim of delivering high officiating standards for the benefit of the game.” PGMOL explained to Arsenal and Brighton that the errors had been down to "human error". However, Gunners boss Mikel Arteta bluntly said it went further and accused Mason of not properly understanding his own job. DON'T MISS...Ex-Tottenham star Sandro filmed making expletive Arsenal jibe in MilanDavid Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fumingLeeds next manager - Whites take massive Michael Skubala Everton risk The Spaniard said: "We ended the game with huge anger because that wasn't a human error. That was a big not understanding your job, and that's not acceptable. I'm sorry. That costs Arsenal two points." Asked if he was satisfied with Webb’s apology, Arteta said: "I will only be satisfied [with the apology] if they give me the two points back, which is not going to be the case." Brooks was taken off VAR duty for Monday's Merseyside derby, which passed without controversy as Liverpool eased to a 2-0 win over rivals Everton. He will be the fourth official for Arsenal's visit to Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon. As of Tuesday evening, Mason was not on the list of appointments for matchweek 24.