Chinese spy balloons found floating in the West are a "distraction" from more "meaningful" threats from China such as TikTok, House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee chairwoman Alicia Kearns has warned. The British MP said the UK should be more concerned about China’s mass data collection through the app and other methods. The MP told Express.co.uk the spy balloons, which China claims are used for "weather monitoring", tell us nothing new about Chinese meddling in the West. Spy balloons have been used for decades and modern versions can be used to tap into foreign electrical signals, such as radar and text messages. Ms Kearns said the recent sightings of the devices over the US merely "re-confirms" that China wants to snoop around in the West and that they "don’t care" about breaking the rules. White House officials claim China violated US sovereignty and international law after a balloon was shot down following eight days of floating around the skies of North America. The balloon, taken down in South Carolina, was said to contain "multiple antennas" collecting intelligence, according to a government spokesperson. But according to Ms Kearns, the West should be more concerned about China collecting heaps of data through apps like TikTok and China-owned gay dating apps, she said. Ms Kearns added: "If China wants to be a global power, they need data from around the world. They want all of our data. "That is why they are buying up gay dating apps. That is why they have apps like Tiktok." TikTok, owned by ByteDance, collects data including users’ precise location, their name, mannerisms, language, relatives, family names, passwords and more. The app’s bosses recently admitted to using app data to hunt down whistleblowers in the company responsible for leaks to the press. Don't miss...German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [LATEST]Biden enters Ukraine via train for 'historic' meeting [LATEST]Ex-Navy head Putin will think UK 'won't fight' with current spending [LATEST] TikTok staff compared the locations of journalists and ByteDance employees in a bid to find out who was giving the scoops. Ms Kearns warned similar techniques could be used to plan espionage missions, track down informants working with British intelligence, and do other dubious activities. She added: "A lot of young people think well… ‘I'm a kid, what do I matter’? Yeah… But you could be related to someone who is important." She said she knows protected sources who were vulnerable to blackmail by China because their relatives posted embarrassing material on TikTok, which could be connected to the source using stored data. "The Chinese government could have said, unless you give us X, Y, Z… we will show the world this video. They could have used the video to blackmail."   The uptake of Chinese-made CCTV cameras used by the police poses another major threat, Ms Kearns emphasised. In a report last week, British police were warned they have left themselves open to Chinese spying because of reliance on Chinese-made cameras, or cameras made with Chinese components. Even British government vehicles are made using Chinese components, meaning they can be tracked by China. Ms Kearns warned this could also be used to help foreign states with espionage missions. She claimed the Chinese could hypothetically track Westminster security services, who often scout areas before the Prime Minister travels. Knowing this information, they could preempt where the Prime Minister is going and make plots based on this intelligence, she said.  Yet, the US State Department is gripped by concerns about the Chinese balloons. China is yet to apologise to the US for the use of the balloons. US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said in a press conference: "There was no apology. "But what I can also tell you is this was an opportunity to speak very clearly and very directly about the fact that China sent a surveillance balloon over our territory, violating our sovereignty, violating international law. "And I told him quite simply that that was unacceptable and can never happen again."  