Manchester United star Casemiro was seen raging at Bruno Fernandes before the Red Devils collected their medals after beating Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. The Brazilian appeared to still be unhappy with his midfield colleague after Fernandes failed to set up a third United goal in the closing stages of the game. Two goals in the first half saw Erik ten Hag's side past Newcastle in what turned out to be a relatively easy victory. But Casemiro was not completely happy after winning his first trophy since his £70million summer move from Real Madrid. Broadcast shots cut to Fernandes celebrating with Scott McTominay just before the players collected their winners' medals. Casemiro could then be seen coming into the shot before grabbing Fernandes to remonstrate with the Portugal international. The 30-year-old pulled Fernandes' arm and pointed to the other side of the Wembley pitch. It suggests he was still unhappy with Fernandes' failure to set up Marcus Rashford to score a third goal. JUST IN: Man Utd player ratings as eight stars shine in Carabao Cup triumph In the final minutes of the game, United broke away on the counter-attack and Fernandes had the ball on the right wing. The 28-year-old could have slipped Rashford through on goal but instead opted to take on his marker. Fernandes' eventual shot was saved by Newcastle goalkeeper Loris Karius. A frustrated Rashford gestured as if to ask why the obvious pass had not arrived. Despite United's win, Casemiro had clearly not forgotten the incident. He seemed genuinely annoyed as he complained to Fernandes, frantically gesticulating to the stand-in captain. Speaking over the incident for Sky Sports, United icon Roy Keane said: "I like that, I like players arguing. Whatever they're arguing about, it means they care." DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag finds four heroes as Newcastle beaten in finalNeville and Carragher agree on Karius after Rashford Man Utd goalMan Utd team news 'leak' as Marcus Rashford starts vs Newcastle Any genuine tension soon evaporated, with McTominay smiling as the trio walked off the pitch. Casemiro had enjoyed an excellent first cup final in England, scoring the opening goal as United won a trophy for the first time since 2017. Casemiro beat Newcastle's offside trap to head home Luke Shaw's free kick in the first half. Soon after, Rashford raced through and his shot looped over Karius after taking a deflection off Sven Botman. “It’s been amazing and it’s our first trophy of the season, but we want more, it is not enough for this club. We need more because our standards want more,” Fernandes said of winning the Carabao Cup.  “It’s an amazing feeling. We have waited so long for this moment, us, the fans, the club, we are in this all together and we finally get our trophy and I think we deserved it.” As United paraded around the Wembley pitch, Fernandes made further reference to the incident in a joke with Jadon Sancho. Holding a selfie stick, the England man said: "Next time you pass!" Fernandes quipped back: "Next time, next time!"