Former LA Lakers star Mac McClung bagged a perfect 50 in 19 out of his 20 scores from the judges, securing a $100,000 prize and reigniting hopes of landing a permanent NBA roster spot. McClung, born in Tennessee, grew up in the small town of Gate City, Virginia and would later go on to star for the local high school and lead the outfit to their first state championship in school history. The 6”2 guard broke the Virginia High School League’s single season scoring record, previously held by legendary Philadelphia 76er Allen Iverson, as well as the points record for a championship game - eclipsing the mark set by former NBA player JJ Redick. In a recent interview with fellow basketball viral sensation The Professor, the point guard recalled embracing his first taste of internet stardom. “Being from where I was from in such a super small town and having all those cameras [at our games] was a big shock,” McClung said on the Professor Live Youtube channel.  “But me and all of my boys had a great time with it and it was a great time in my life for sure.” McClung went on to enjoy a decent collegiate career with Georgetown University and Texas Tech before enduring the heartbreak of being unselected in the 2021 NBA draft. “It felt like that was going to be my story, my situation.” He continued. “I’ve always kind of been the underdog and some really credible people that I respect were ‘it’s time - find a way.’ “That’s what I’ve been trying to do to consistently prove myself and my value.” Unperturbed, the youngster signed with the South Bay Lakers, the G-League affiliate of the LA Lakers, and scored a game-high 24 points, nine assists and six rebounds in a win on debut. A couple of 10-day contracts with the Chicago Bulls beckoned, which afforded him his first taste of NBA action before further stints with the Bulls G-League side ahead of a return to LA. McClung got real NBA minutes for the California team after signing a two-way contract last spring but nothing long-term materialised for the dunking phenom. “Both of those experiences [in the NBA] were great,” McClung added during his chat with The Professor. “I really tried to make the most of them. “And that’s the goal, to play in the NBA and find a way back there.” McClung’s starring Slam Dunk Contest performance, which had millions claiming he had ‘saved’ the competition, might just have got him closer than ever to his dream. Shaquille O’Neal joined a chorus of voices who applauded the 24-year-old’s display, saying: “This was probably one of the best [contests]. Mac McClung, thank you brother for saving the Slam Dunk Contest.”  "Mac McClung, thank you brother for saving the Slam Dunk Contest.” McClung, who only signed a two-way contract with the 76ers days before 2023’s All-Star Weekend, pocketed a massive $100,000 purse for his efforts - nearly doubling his career earnings to date. And though others in his shoes might feel the pressure to capitalise on their time in a spotlight, true to his small town upbringings, McClung revealed he remains calm and is steadfastly focused on improving his game. “The biggest thing is patience,” he added. “It’s god’s timing, not my timing. I’m going to continue to work and when that is rewarded is not up to me. I’m just going to try and be the best me I can be.”  