Let’s talk about teachers first – 100,000 of whom went on strike this week and are using kids and their futures as a battering ram to get a few extra quid in their pay packets. They’d have you believe their job is tougher than anyone else’s – anywhere! That teaching a class of 30 kids is the equivalent of guerrilla warfare and twice as tiring. They moan that we don’t know how hard their job is, how intense it is and that they work all the hours God sends – even during their 14 weeks of annual holiday. Only it isn’t true. OECD research this week says teachers in England are better paid than most in the EU for working the fewest hours. They’re paid more than teachers in Italy, France, Finland, Spain and Portugal. And way more than those in Poland, Hungary and Sweden. In fact, they’re the seventh best-paid in the entire world. Yet these union bosses tell us the Tories are a cruel and heartless Government that has them living on a pittance when the truth is the average pay for a teacher outside London is £38,000, and inside it’s £40,000. And every teacher has the benefit of a 23.6 percent pension contribution, which amounts to a stonking £10,000 each a year. And are we really supposed to feel sorry for train drivers – also on strike this week – who on average earn £68,000 a year and with overtime much more? They rejected an 8 percent deal as it might involve working the odd Sunday. What, like the rest of the world? Compare all that to the poor sods in the private sector, the majority of whom are currently living on the bones of their backsides. They don’t have gold-plated pensions paid for by the taxpayer. Many don’t have pensions at all. And they don’t get the wages, the perks, or the flexi-hours that public service workers do. And unlike teachers, they sure as hell don’t get 14 weeks’ paid holiday a year. I spoke to a man this week – let’s call him David – who owns a café inside a major London train station. Because of strikes, he’s lost £75,000 since December and is on the verge of bankruptcy. He’s barely been able to pay himself since November. And when you tell union bosses they’re crippling people like David all they’ve got is: “We’re sorry.” The public sector moans that prices have soared, and that they can’t pay their bills or their mortgages. Well, how do they think it is for the folks in the private sector? Do they think they haven’t suffered thanks to the cost-of-living crisis and inflation, which will never come down if they get their fantasy pay rises? In a crisis like this, private sector workers, who, unlike the public sector, have little or no job security, have no choice but to eke out what little money they have and hope it passes. But the public sector just downs tools and starts wailing about their members having to use food banks. As for them bleating about Rishi denying them their basic democratic right to strike, tosh! He’s just saying they’ll have to provide a minimum service as is the case all over Europe. In fact, Britain has some of the most liberal strike laws in the world. In Italy, workers are banned from striking at Christmas, Easter or in August. This also applies to doctors, lawyers and even taxi drivers. In Spain, they already have minimum service laws. Ditto Hungary. And in Austria and Germany, civil servants have zero right to strike at all. NHS strikers also have generous pensions and are entitled to more holiday and sick pay than the statutory minimum and they get premium rates for working weekends. The pampered public sector has had these perks for so long they’ve forgotten how lucky they are. They don’t see other people’s hardships. And they don’t care. All these strikes are about is bringing down a Tory Government they hate and getting a Labour government that will give them even more of what they want. And again – the private sector will have to fend for itself. The execrable Michel Barnier – remember him? – says the door is open for the UK to return to the EU any time we want. And in the next breath, the former Brexit negotiator is warning us not to tear up European laws. You see that’s precisely why we left – we got sick of being bossed about by overpaid, unelected bureaucrats who think democracy means doing what they say and if you don’t – they’ll destroy you. Of course, the invite comes at a time when they know the Tories are in trouble and the slimy Starmer, who’s gagging to crawl back to Brussels, is smarming up to EU bods at every opportunity. So come the election, remember that a vote for Labour is a vote to rejoin the EU! Security alert! The Wokies have now infiltrated the RAF, which broke the law when it tried to favour female and ethnic minority candidates over white men. An investigation discovered white men were discriminated against in 160 cases. This isn’t just shocking, it’s dangerous. Because it’s allowing political correctness to interfere with one of this country’s vital fighting forces. Prioritising women and ethnic minorities over better-qualified trainees in order to burnish the RAF’s diversity credentials will cost lives. And whoever is responsible for this needs to be sacked because they cannot be entrusted with this country’s ability to protect itself. Skin colour or gender should never be a qualification for any job – especially one in the military. The people who should get jobs are the ones best qualified to do them. Anything else is insulting and patronising and, in the case of the RAF, downright dangerous. Have you all got the popcorn in for the Happy Valley finale on Saturday night? The Husband and I have a bet on who’s going to die. Please god, it’s not Sgt Catherine Cawood, played superbly by Sarah Lancashire, whose life has been hell for years thanks to the evil Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). Sally Wainwright wrote this fantastic drama and we have to pray she soon writes more for the show’s fantastic actors – Lancashire, Norton, Siobhan Finneran (Clare Cartwright) and Con O’Neill (Neil Ackroyd) to name but a few. Because in terms of TV drama – this really is as good as it gets! Susanna Reid has gone ballistic with ITV staff because of a slew of on-screen mistakes, which she says have made the presenters and the station look stupid. They misspelt the name of their own reporter Ben Chapman (called him Champan), dates shown on screen were wrong, there were mistakes on reports from Ukraine and graphics errors. Susanna is 100 percent right to go nuts, because she knows the perception will be if you get the name of your own reporter wrong, what else are you getting wrong? Of course, as happened to Dominic Raab, there’ll be people who’ll accuse her of being a bully because she dared to demand that sloppy, unprofessional people do their jobs properly! Former Love Islanders Molly Mae and Tommy Fury have called their new baby Bambi. Molly says she’s had her heart set on the name since she was a little girl because she wanted her child’s name to be unique. “We don’t care what the snobs think,” she says. Me neither. Parents should be free to call their kids whatever they want. I’m just thinking about how that name is going to play out for this little girl as she gets older. When you’re a pretty teenager, Bambi is a fabulous name. When you’re a pensioner on a walking frame – not so much! The foul-mouthed Danny Dyer has quit EastEnders because he says the ratings are too low. I don’t suppose it occurred to Mr Big Mouth that he might, in some way, be responsible for that? In a recent interview, Dyer was asked if he’d like to produce films: “I can’t be b******sed. I just want to learn my dialogue, turn up, say my lines and f*** off home.” How wonderful to see a thespian so dedicated to his craft. Arthur Scargill wannabee union boss Mick Lynch screamed this week: “We are the working class and we’re back.” The bloke’s a joke. Since when did working class people have a £120,000 pay package and live in a £1million home like him? And someone needs to tell him – the working classes actually go to work.