Weatherfield mechanic Kevin Webster (played by Michael Le Vell) will soon discover his father Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) has suffered a heart attack on Coronation Street. Will he recover from the health scare or do viewers have to brace themselves for the worst?  Bill was last seen on the ITV soap 12 years ago when he attended his granddaughter Sophie Webster's (Brooke Vincent) wedding to Sian Powers (Sacha Parkinson). The actor who played Bill - Armitage - sadly died in 2018 when he was 79 years old. The Yorkshire-born star was a regular on screens from the 1970s onwards. Peter starred as Bill in Coronation Street for six months in 1984, then reappeared on the cobbles between 1995 and 1997, and again from 2006 to 2011. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson   He'd previously appeared as a different Coronation Street character, playing a painter in two episodes back in 1977. In 2014, the actor said he hoped to return to the serial drama after successfully battling bowel cancer. Kevin is due to get a phone call about Bill's heart attack during an episode airing next week. It has not been revealed whether Bill has survived or not by ITV bosses.    Kevin has already been through the wringer and will struggle to cope if his father has died. Last year, Kevin found out his wife Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) had cheated on him with Imran Habeen (Charlie de Melo). He intended on cutting ties with Abi but he had a change of heart when she unexpectedly gave birth to a baby called Alfie. Following a tense custody battle, Kevin eventually warmed to the idea of raising Alfie as his own with Abi. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star Dylan Brady has opened up about his new show [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Daniel's killer plot [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Faye Windass haunted by past [THEORY]   Things took a shocking turn when Imran suddenly died after suffering a heart attack. Fans will recall Imran's wife Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) intentionally crashed their car into a building after finding out he'd faked his court statement. Despite Imran escaping the wreckage, he soon collapsed and died, leaving the police to investigate the incident. Before his death, he pulled Toyah out of the wreckage and she made a full recovery.   Since Imran's demise, Kevin has been making a go of things with Abi, although it hasn't always been easy. His father Bill used to be a builder and moved away to Germany when he retired to look after himself. Despite the distance, Bill and Kevin have remained in touch, so the news of his heart attack is bound to be heartbreaking for the latter. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 