UFC announcer Bruce Buffer has suggested that Conor McGregor should make his comeback against a top-five fighter - but insists The Notorious should not be given an instant title shot. McGregor has hinted he would fight in the welterweight category if he was to return, which groups competitors between 156 and 170 lb.  No 1 welterweight champion Leon Edwards has been categorically ruled out by Buffer but Kamaru Usman, Khamzat Chimaev, Belal Muhammad and Colby Covington have been put forward by the voice of the Octagon. "I am sure he will (fight again). Conor is a real fighter, he is a fighter at heart. No matter how much success he has, deep inside he is a fighter. From everything I am seeing he will be coming back," Buffer told Express Sport at PokerStars' PSPC event in the Bahamas. But who should the former two-weight champion go toe-to-toe with? "Anybody inside the top five," Buffer explains. "When you have been out of the Octagon for two years, it should be a proper match up, a very good test to come back.   "I don't think it's right for Conor to fight for a championship right off the bat, that's not fair on the other fighters that have been very active. But I can see Conor fighting somebody in the top 10. "It would always be a big fight. You could put him in there with me in the Octagon and it would be a big fight, it's Conor McGregor." McGregor has tarnished his legacy through some of his actions outside of the Octagon and Buffer believes it is the responsibility of all UFC fighters to set a good example for the younger generation. "Conor was on his way to becoming one of the greatest role models in the sport. He is a true success story, his rise was super fast," Buffer explained.   "Some of the antics he had along the way interfered with that. He has such worldwide popularity that whether you like Conor or you don't, you're definitely going to buy the PPV and watch the fight. "Paddy (Pimblett) is on his way on a similar path, with the attention and publicity he is getting. It is very similar to Conor when he was coming up. "I always wish Conor the best, I like Conor and he is a friend, I am just very direct about how you handle yourselves. We have a role to be role models in this world, we live in a decaying society of morality. "All the young kids are watching these fighters, men and women, aside from what they do inside the Octagon they have to carry themselves with class inside the Octagon. So far Paddy has been doing a really good job so let's hope he continues on the same path." 