Tory MPs have defended the new deputy chairman of the party, Lee Anderson, against "leftie hysteria". A row erupted this week after Mr Anderson defended the death penalty, saying it has a "100 per cent success rate" in stopping re-offending. The Red Wall MP faced attacks from senior Labour and SNP figures, with some saying he was talking "nonsense". Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting responded to Mr Anderson's comments saying "Good grief", while Labour MP Zarah Sultana said: "That sound you can hear? It's the Conservatives scraping the barrel." But Tory MP Brendan Clarke-Smith leapt to Mr Anderson's defence, saying people who view the deputy chairman as a "threat" are "already firing shots". He said: "In April 2021 a poll by Redfield and Wilton suggested that 54 percent of the population would support reinstating the death penalty for those convicted of terrorism in the UK. "Polls over the decades have consistently shown that many, and some would say most, people support capital punishment - at least in principle. I am also one of those people. READ MORE: Tory MP Lee Anderson backs return of death penalty "It therefore seems strange that support for capital punishment is portrayed by many in the public eye as being some sort of extreme and minority held opinion. "In reality, this couldn’t be further from the truth. In fact, you could say Lee’s view is the mainstream one." He said he was "absolutely delighted" at Mr Sunak's decision to make Mr Anderson deputy chairman, describing the MP as a "breath of fresh air". Penny Mordaunt, leader of the House of Commons, told MPs that Mr Anderson should be known as "he stands up for me Lee". Meanwhile, Mansfield MP Ben Bradley said he was "pretty confident that the vast majority in communities I represent would be quite happy to see a death penalty available for the most heinous crimes". He told the Sun: "The outrage that some London Liberal commentators have expressed to what Lee said just reinforces how out of touch they are with the country north of Watford." The controversy arose after Mr Anderson told the Spectator: "Nobody has ever committed a crime after being executed. You know that, don't you? 100 per cent success rate." Prime Minister Rishi Sunak distanced himself from the comments, saying: "That's not my view, that's not the Government's view. "But we are united in the Conservative Party in wanting to be absolutely relentless in bearing down on crime and making sure people are safe and feel safe." The Prime Minister's spokesperson added that Mr Anderson does not speak for the Government because he is not a minister. He said the deputy chairman is "very hardworking" and "an excellent campaigner who is very popular". Mr Anderson was appointed at the reshuffle last week. While he has been known to attract controversy, many MPs believe Mr Anderson is a strong choice for deputy chairman because of his strong campaigning ability. Ben Bradley told the Daily Express Mr Anderson will "rally the troops" ahead of the next general election.