   Businessman and finance expert Martin Lewis, 50, has recalled the time when he almost turned his back on company Money Saving Expert following a chat with his dad. The ITV star described how he came incredibly close to quitting before he was able to turn things around.      Martin is celebrating 20 years on ITV, after becoming a regular fixture on shows like This Morning and Good Morning Britain. The expert has become beloved by listeners for being a source of knowledge when it comes to energy bills, savings and how to survive the cost of living crisis. Martin spoke to hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning about having doubts when he started his business all those years ago. “Before I came along money journalism was about investment, and it was a bit ‘wooo’ if you talk mortgages, never mind gas and electricity bills,” he explained.     “I’m about playing the system and beating the system,” the broadcaster added. “I developed it [Money Saving Expert] on this simple money channel that nobody watched and that’s where I learned my trade… that went bust,” he revealed. “I had a column in the Sunday Express, I did some stuff on Channel 5 – that show was stopped. “I had lunch with my dad and I said, ‘I’m not sure this’ll work. I keep going to people and they say money doesn’t work on television.’      “I said to my dad ‘I’m gonna give it two months more and then I’m going to have to quit because I’m really struggling.’” However, Martin didn’t give up on his dreams and went on to sell Moneysupermarket.com group in 2012 for approximately £87 million. Martin is well-recognised as one of the most influential voices in television, as the star regularly gives out expert advice to the British public. In October 2022, he was awarded the prize of top TV expert at the National Television Awards. READ MORE... Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [NEWS] Sadie Frost talks 'moving on' from Primrose Hill set with ex Jude Law [NEWS] Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [PICTURE]      Early last year, he was also awarded a CBE (Commander of the Order of the British Empire) in the late Queen Elizabeth II’s New Year’s Honours for services to broadcasting and consumer rights. Prior to that, he was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to consumer rights and to charitable services through the MSE Charity Fund. The finance pro was also named the Best Personal Finance Broadcast Journalist by the ADVFN International Financial Awards in 2020. Martin is married to Lara Lewington who presents the BBC’s technology show Click.      The pair married on May 31 in 2009 and Lara gave birth to their daughter Sapphire Susan Lewis in November 2012. Martin read Government and Law at the London School of Economics and went on to do a postgraduate course in Broadcast Journalism at Cardiff University's Centre for Journalism Studies. He later became a Governor of the London School of Economics in 2008 and was also given an honorary doctorate in Business Administration from the University of Chester in 2013. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.    