The auditions for the show began on Wednesday, February 1 at the London Palladium with new judge Bruno Tonioli taking his seat alongside Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon. Amongst the heightened excitement of the series returning, chaos ensured when head judge Simon was "set on fire" by a mysterious, mute and masked magician. The act pulled the former X Factor boss onto the stage and placed him in a chair with a hood over his head. The magician then proceeded to pour lighter fluid over the head, with Simon's head then locked in a box which was open at the front for the audience to see. In terrifying scenes, the audience and judges saw the magician drop a flame into the box with Simons's head going up in flames. One audience member told The Mirror: "The audience screamed, judges were out of their seats screaming, everyone was totally stunned. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending "The flames were put out and Simon got up looking a bit shell-shocked while the rest of the judges breathed a sigh of relief as he returned to the panel.” After the chaos had been calmed and Simon was checked out, he expressed: "I could feel liquid being poured on me but I had no idea it was lighter fluid!” Alesha added: “Simon, he set your entire head on fire! It was very scary, you are a very brave man to do that. "It made me realise how much we care about you, I was ready to come up there and rescue you.” Amanda expressed: “It was massively entertaining but horrific to watch. It was scary.” Bruno said: “It reminded me of a scene from that movie, Saw, seeing Simon’s head in that contraption. I was captivated, I’ve never seen anything like that.” Express.co.uk has contacted ITV and Simon's representatives for a comment. Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Bruno replaced long-standing judge David Walliams and has already caused a stir among the producers. DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [INSIGHT]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [WATCH] The professional dancer admitted he had never watched the show before after pressing the Golden Buzzer twice. Acts that blow the judges away are awarded the Golden Buzzer which automatically sends them through to the live finals, with each judge getting one act. However, producers were left in a panic when Bruno pressed the button twice and left with the tough decision of whether to send the second act through. A source told The Sun: 'It was madness. The buzzer worked but there was no glitter in the cannon above the stage as it had already been used up "A producer raced over to try to tell Bruno he couldn’t do that. Then there were discussions with the top execs and Simon who had his head in his hands." During his first interview last week, he declared his presence on the show would make it more successful thank Strictly. He told The Mirror: "This is the biggest show - now that I’m in it! Now that they have me! I mean it. Oh, Simon is going to hate me saying that. "I do it because I love to do it. Amanda and Alesha - we’ve all known each other for years. The first show felt so natural. We have such a lot of fun. I’m very, very lucky - someone’s looking after me.” Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV1 later in 2023.