Paramount Network viewers were stunned earlier this month when it was reported the worldwide phenomenon Yellowstone would be coming to an end with its fifth season. Kevin Costner is tipped to be replaced by another Hollywood A-Lister, Matthew McConaughey, for a new iteration of the Western drama, but the actor’s lawyer has since cleared up any rumours about trouble brewing on the Dutton ranch. Costner’s litigator Marty Singer has refuted claims made in a new article from Puck.News claiming the actor is responsible for the latest Yellowstone delays. The exposé, Casualties of the Costner-Yellowstone Crossfire, claims the 68-year-old star was only willing to work for one week during filming for the second half of season five. However, Singer retorted: “The idea that Kevin was only willing to work one week on the second half of season 5 of Yellowstone is an absolute lie. “It’s ridiculous - and anyone suggesting it shouldn’t be believed for one second.” READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue “As everyone who knows anything about Kevin is well aware, he is incredibly passionate about the show and has always gone way above and beyond to ensure its success.” A spokesperson for Paramount also added: “As we previously stated, Kevin has been a key component of the success of our Yellowstone series, and we hope that continues from here on out.” Deadline reported the series would come to an end “in its current form” earlier this month, and speculated Costner’s limited availability may have played a part in the cancellation. Although neither the network nor showrunner Taylor Sheridan has confirmed and it’s expected the current season will close out the current Dutton saga. However, the franchise will still continue with spin-offs and prequels, with fellow Oscar winner McConaughey poised to take over the new iteration. “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone, and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come,” a Paramount rep said on February 6. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters’ Amy admits Tammy’s weight loss will ‘exceed’ hers [COMMENT]Bridgerton’s Nicola Coughlan lands new Channel 4 comedy role [LATEST]Elvis Presley’s granddaughter ‘marvellous’ in new Prime Video role [EXCLUSIVE] However, their statements have not managed to stop the rampant speculation regarding the show’s future. Reports from Deadline claimed Costner had cut down his filming commitments from 65 days to just 50 for the first half of season five, leaving only a week to complete part two. Meanwhile, Puck.News’ article pointed out a since-deleted comment on Instagram from Costner’s assistant Glenn Kleczkowski which suggested the actor and Sheridan may not be on the best of terms. In a post regarding the writer-producer’s new crime show, Tulsa King, he wrote: “Stick to westerns, bro. “You don’t know S**T about THIS life. Stay in your lane, country boy. I’m actually embarrassed for you as a writer and creator.” Whatever caused the delays, the final eight episodes of Yellowstone season five are expected to start shooting this summer in time for a late 2023 release. Yellowstone season 5 will continue November 2023 on the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK.