Vanessa Feltz, 60, reassured fans she is “doing ok” following her announcement she had split from her fiancé, Ben Ofoedu. The This Morning star joined some of her co-stars over the weekend to celebrate Alison Hammond's joint 48th and 18th birthday party with her son Aiden. Vanessa could be seen in pictures smiling as she partied with friends Holly Willoughby and Dermot O'Leary, while fashion guru Gok Wan was on DJ duty. Following the star-studded bash, Vanessa thanked fans for their support as she spoke to The Sun at the Epic Tails screening at Vue Cinema Leicester Square. She said: "Thank you all for your kindness. I'm doing ok." Vanessa announced last week that she had broken up from her long term partner amid suspicions of him cheating on her. READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles The TalkTV host admitted she was “shocked” and “heartbroken” after hearing of Phats and Small singer Ben Ofoedu’s suspected infidelity. The pair have been together for 16 years and their relationship was well-known within the Showbiz world. However, a string of allegations have since arisen that Ben repeatedly cheated with a number of women, with Vanessa saying she was disappointed to say the “trust had gone”. On Saturday, Vanessa confirmed she had left Ben over his behaviour, admitting she was devastated. She said: “I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out, because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over. “As an agony aunt I have said many times that once the trust in a relationship is gone, it can never be repaired or regained. “So I have to take my own advice on this occasion,” she told the Sun on Sunday. Vanessa went on to reflect on her life as a newly single woman in her 60s, admitting she looked forward to her new future. DON'T MISS...Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [UPDATE]The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [GRAMMYS]Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] “Who knew I’d be single at 60? However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come.” She added: “I hear that Kylie Minogue is single again, so I’m in good company — if she wants to hit the town, hook me up.” Express.co.uk previously contacted Ben’s representatives for comment. Vanessa and Ben first met in 2005 after she divorced surgeon Michael Kurer in 2000. The presenter split from Michael, who she married in 1983, after allegations of cheating. During their marriage, the pair welcomed two daughters: Allegra, 37, and Saskia, 34, They also have four grandchildren, and eldest daughter Allegra is a former tax lawyer who is now a television baker and chef.