The five-part series is described as a thrilling redemption story, with the central characters being a police officer and a criminal. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, writer of the new BBC drama Jonathan Brackley explained how the story will see viewers making their own minds up about the characters, meaning opinions will inevitably be divided. Set and shot entirely in Leeds and West Yorkshire, Better explores the complex bonds of loyalty and family. Examining the power of human conscience, the series follows DI Lou Slack’s (played by Leila Farzad) epic battle towards redemption, by bringing down Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan). Col is also the man she has come to love like a brother and the man she has helped place at the head of Leeds criminal underworld. But while Col is a dangerous enemy to make, Lou’s biggest battle may yet be with herself. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity Talking about the popularity of police dramas, Jonathan explained: "Absolutely the main character is a police officer, and the other is a criminal, so there are those aspects. "But when you watch the show, you'll realise there's not a case. "Everything they're trying to do is outside the law, often illegal. "So it was more of an interesting arena of which to examine the story of these two worlds and these two complicated people. "And natural opportunities for drama and wrongdoing and doing good as well would arise naturally." He added: "I think what we hope stands out is the characters and asking the audience to make their own minds up about these people." The show's synopsis reads: "19 years ago, when Lou was a young police officer at her lowest ebb and Col a low-ranking but ambitious newcomer to the Leeds underworld, their paths crossed, and they struck a deal that changed their lives forever. "The bargain allowed Col to become very rich and very powerful, and Lou to turn around her failing career. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood looks unrecognisable in throwback BBC Breakfast picture [VIDEO]Will Mellor ‘terrified’ after being ‘thrown about on road's in series [EXCLUSIVE] "A complex but special bond between the pair was forged, and so began Lou’s gradual slide into corruption. "But now, when Lou’s family is brought to the brink of a tragedy, she must put right the wrongs that she has spent years rationalising and excusing, to have a second chance at a new, better life." Describing her character, Leila explained: "She is well rounded and she is deeply flawed. "And it's ok that she's flawed, and she's also got brilliant qualities." She continued: "She's not just a pretty, neat, and tidy person - she has a darker side." The series is bound to captivate viewers, especially those missing the hugely successful Happy Valley, which drew to a close recently. A teaser for episode one reads: "When her beloved son almost dies, a corrupt police detective has a painful moral awakening and decides to put right 20 years of wrongdoing." Better starts on Monday, February 13, at 9pm on BBC One.