Logan Sergeant is gearing himself up to become America's first full-time Formula One driver since 2007 when he lines up on the grid to begin the Bahrain Grand Prix in March. The 22-year-old prodigy may be relatively unknown to casual fans, however, his family are no stranger to the limelight, with his billionaire grandfather having close ties to former US President, Donald Trump. Replacing the Canadian Nicholas Latifi, Williams revealed that Sargeant will be driving alongside Thai-British racing driver Alex Albon in the 2023 F1 season. Incredibly, the American will be the first from the nation since Alexander Rossi in 2015, to feature on the sport's grid. The US boasts a rich history in F1, including world champion drivers Phil Hill and Mario Andretti, the race-winning Penske team, and a host of events at iconic venues across the country over the years. But while Haas arrived as another US-led team seven years ago, the country has experienced a driver drought during the same period. That will all change this year, though, as Williams promote their academy star in Sargeant who won two races en route to fourth in last year’s F2 standings, having previously caught the eye in F3 and F4. MUST READ: Toto Wolff and Christian Horner can block new teams joining F1 with special veto rule  As he gets ready to update the F1 record books, Sargeant made it clear that he is not feeling the weight of expectation, with his focus firmly on making the sport his home for many years to come. In an interview published on the Formula One website, the Fort Lauderdale native was asked about the responsibility of being an American driver. He said: "I feel like, at the end of the day, I’ve put in as much hard work as anyone else to reach this point. I just have to look at it as, ‘prepare the best I possibly can to be the best driver I can possibly be next year." With F1’s popularity recently booming in the US, which is set to host three races this year - in Austin, Miami and Las Vegas - Sargeant was also asked whether his nationality played a role in him securing the Williams seat. DON'T MISS...  He added: “I’d like to think it’s just a happy coincidence. As I said, I’ve put in the hard work over the past however many years, making a commitment to move to Europe when I was young to make this dream a reality. “I feel like I’ve had a very good junior formula career. I’m just looking forward to closing that chapter and moving on to the next.” “Hopefully I can represent [the country] well and make them proud. I don’t think it’s any extra pressure, to be honest. I have high expectations for myself as it is.” Besides his racing career, Sargeant comes from a billionaire family which came under the spotlight after being part of an investigation into Trump's 2020 re-election campaign. His grandfather, Harry Sargeant III, runs a multi-billion dollar conglomerate that includes airline companies, oil refineries, oil trading companies, alternative fuel development and oil and asphalt shipping. He owns the International Oil Trading Company, which supplies the US military in Iraq with aviation fuel. As you can imagine, the 65-year-old has his fingers in a lot of cakes and has amassed quite a fortune - exact numbers are hard to pin down, but he’s estimated to be worth between £1.66bn ($2bn) and £2.5bn ($3bn). Like many wealthy people, the elder Sargeant got very involved in politics and, more recently, his donations came under intense scrutiny. The former fighter pilot donated to Lev Parnas at a time in 2020 when Parnas, the now-accused Rudy Giuliani associate, was allegedly trying to persuade Ukraine and other countries to publish damaging stories about the US Democratic Party to make Trump’s 2020 re-election campaign look more legitimate. Logan Sargeant has not talked much about his family, however, he once addressed how much his parents supported his racing. In a feature interview with Formula 2, Logan stated how much his father influenced him. He said: "Both my parents have always been very supportive of me racing. I feel like he’s [my father] always had my back no matter the situation. Also, the way he goes about what he needs to do and his discipline, as well as his business mindset.”