Michael Weatherly is no stranger to whipping up a frenzy among his social media following in recent months, whether it be teasing a possible return to CBS as NCIS legend Tony DiNozzo or showing off his moustachioed new look. His latest update is a rather heartwarming one as he shared a rare snap of his adorable family. Weatherly took to Twitter on Saturday with a photo of his wife Bojana Jankovic and their two children, Liam and Olivia. The family have travelled south of the USA border to enjoy some downtime in Tulum, Mexico. The former NCIS stalwart captioned the photo: “Greetings to people of Earth from Tulum, Mexico. “The family has experienced the beauty and wonder… now I try to figure out if ⁦⁦@Graham__Hancock⁩ has some excellent ancient civilization I can find!” READ MORE: NCIS LA's Daniela Ruah confirms presenting gig after CBS drama axed With fans ecstatic to see the family looking happy and all smiles in the snap, it didn’t take long for them to share their reactions. Marcella Pagano was one Twitter user who replied: “Enjoy the fantastic places and the genuine hospitality!” While @brownstone185 complimented: “Beautiful family !!!!! When are you coming back on tv?” Elsewhere, Rachel Enever urged: “Enjoy the Mayan Culture and the Cenotes. Happy Weatherly Family holiday.” And Luz Angela Vallejo echoed: “Awesome! What a beautiful family! Enjoy the food, the wonderful mexican culture, Playa Paraiso, the Mayan civilization and more… Saludos!” While @joan96588691 was keen for answers about a possible return to screens as they asked: “Beautiful! Much time with your family I am sure they’re so happy to have you around. “However, your fans would love for you to get back to TV even if it’s a new show or and old show.” The desire for answers regarding a TV return for Weatherly has been rife ever since CBS legal drama Bull drew to a close after six seasons. DON'T MISS:1923 opens up major plot hole with Spencer Dutton's familyMy 600lb Life's Brandon Scott unrecognisable after major weight lossVirgin River season 5: Martin Henderson drops huge production update Weatherly led the hit series throughout its six-season run after departing the role of Tony DiNozzo to take on the role. However, with his work diary now cleared, rumours of a return to NCIS in season 20 have circulated ever since. And Weatherly himself has done little to quash the rumours, even directly teasing that Tony and on-screen other half Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) could reappear. On New Year’s Day, Weatherly responded to one fan’s wish that they’d see Ziva and Tony back on the show. He tweeted at the time for them to “stay tuned” as 2023 could be an “interesting year for such moments”. However, it is worth noting there has been no official word that Weatherly or de Pablo will be making their NCIS comebacks. NCIS season 20 continues Monday on CBS in the USA and Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.