Kate and Prince William stunned onlookers as they took part in a spin class during their visit to the Aberavon Leisure & Fitness Centre. The Prince and Princess reignited their rivalry as they raced each other for an intense 45-second session on the bikes provided at the centre. Kate engaged in the challenge while wearing a high-neck white jumper, a midi patterned skirt and high heels. While Prince William donned more comfortable clothes than his wife, he seemed to struggle more to get to the end of the 45 seconds. At one point, the heir to the throne was heard saying, "Oh God" while he kept on cycling. At the end of the race, the pair were asked how they were feeling, with William quipping as he was catching his breath: "I'll talk to you in a minute!" Kate and William's race took place while others at the centre undertook their spin class, with many sports enthusiasts left in stitches by the pair's race. The Princess was crowned the winner of the "Tour de Aberavon", and even given a tiny golden cup, which she received with glee and lifted in the air as her husband clapped his hands. This isn't the first time husband and wife, who are known to enjoy a bit of competition, go head to head. The royal pair have taken part in multiple regattas over the years, including a charity event they spearheaded in July 2019. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's Coronation  That event saw Kate being given the wooden spoon, while William came out triumphant. On Saturday, Kate and William's rivalry was rekindled by the Wales v England Six Nations match, played in Cardiff. As Kate has been since last year the patron of the Rugby Football Union, she was supporting the English team. William, on the other hand, cheered for Wales as the long-time patron of the Welsh Rugby Union. Ahead of the match, as he met members of the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust and injured rugby players, the Prince of Wales quipped: "I'm looking forward to today. We need a little lift after the past week, don't we? It's going to be a very tense journey home, if we win today my wife won't speak to me. It'll be a tense evening!" The rivalry between the Prince and Princess goes beyond sports, as signalled by Kate and William at past engagements. Earlier this year, the Prince and Princess visited Windsor Foodshare and helped volunteers pack food parcels for people in need in the local community. Joking with Sara Kember, the manager at the organisation, William and Kate quipped about how one of them had been better at packing the goods. Today's visit to the leisure and fitness centre by Kate and William aimed at spotlighting how sport and exercise can support mental health and wellbeing, an issue the Princess in particular has been championing for years. Alongside taking part in the spin class, Kate and William toured the facilities and met a few Welsh professional athletes, including Harrison Walsh and Hannah Brier. This was the second engagement the pair undertook in southern Wales today, as earlier this morning they met staff and clients at Brynawel Rehabilitation Centre. The final visit of the day in Wales will be at the Wales Air Ambulance charity, of which the Prince of Wales was officially made patron today.