Despite being a mainstay of snooker's upper echelons for more than two decades, Robert Milkins proved again that he's enjoying a late purple patch with victory in Sunday's Welsh Open final. 'The Milkman' emerged as a 9-7 victor over Shaun Murphy in Llandudno to collect only his second ranked title at the age of 46. And seven-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan was among those applauding the veteran for his 'off-putting' style of play. 'The Rocket' exited the competition at the quarter-final stage following a 5-0 demolition at the hands of Tian Pengfei, who suffered a 6-2 humbling of his own against Milkins in the last four. It was only in March 2022 that Milkins earned his first rankings title at the Gibraltar Open, nearly 30 years after he made his professional debut on the tour. Nonetheless, O'Sullivan hailed the Welsh Open winner for his entertainment value and 'instinctive' ability. "I love watching Rob play, you know," he told Eurosport. "He is just unorthodox. He is out of position a lot, but he pots these balls. He is confident and he is good to watch. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan controversies: Rule breaches, assault and leaving Barry Hearn seething  "Milkins is handling this final pretty well. Because he is so quick and instinctive, the pressure cannot really get to him. Yes, he is always going to throw in a few mistakes, but with his speed and quick thinking, he does not really feel pressure. He plays off instinct much more. "It can be very off-putting for his opponents too. As a player, it can be very hard to play against. It was by no means an easy route to the final in Llandudno for 30th seed Milkins, who took out No. 3 Mark Selby in just the second round of the tournament. He followed up that win with victories over No. 18 Hossein Vafaei and No. 6 Mark Allen before finally besting 11th seed Murphy in the decider. DON'T MISSStephen Hendry fined by snooker bosses after Masked Singer absencesRonnie O'Sullivan skipping snooker event after vowing to never play againStephen Maguire launches blistering attack on snooker bosses in angry rant - 'It's dying'    O'Sullivan compared The Milkman's speed and comeback ability to that of former snooker player Tony Drago, affectionately known as 'The Maltese Falcon'. Like Milkins, Drago gained headlines for his style without making a substantial impact at major tournaments, something the former might now look to change given his rise in title-clinching form. Fellow icon Jimmy White agreed with O'Sullivan's assessment and hailed Milkins' ability to get out of tight spots, bamboozling his enemies just when they think he's cornered. "For his opponents, you think you have got someone because they are starting to miss," he told Eurosport. "But all of a sudden, they just roll one in and away they go again." Milkins collected a £230,000 pay cheque thanks to his win in Wales, earning £150,000 for topping the Bet Victor European Series along with his £80,000 prize money in Llandudno. The veteran will now look to build on that success in this year's Players Championship in Wolverhampton, where he'll open against Tom Ford on Tuesday evening.