 Up until the very last moment last February, few in the West believed Russian troops would actually cross the Ukrainian border. Ukraine, however, was ready – no matter how outgunned. “When you attack us, you will see our faces,” said president Volodymyr Zelensky just hours after the full-scale invasion of his country began. “Not our backs, but our faces,” he added. The Kremlin expected the capital of Kyiv to fall within days. Its forces laid claim to a fifth of Ukraine’s territory within a week, but things soon changed. Fierce resistance from the Ukrainian people – bolstered by unprecedented support from NATO and the wider international community – stopped it dead in its tracks. Thousands may have died, but the spirit of defiance has only grown stronger, as captured by the photographers on the frontlines of Putin’s war.    Maidan Nezalezhnosti – literally translating to “Independence Square” – was named so just two days after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. It has since been rallying point for countless popular uprisings and pro-democracy demonstrations. As Russia attempts occupation of the country again three decades later, displays of Ukrainian national identity are even more prominent. The picture on the left above shows what the square looks like in peacetime (Google Maps). The second image was taken on February 19, 2023, and is courtesy of Adri Salido (Getty Images). READ MORE: What Joe Biden has promised Ukraine during historic visit to Kyiv   Elsewhere in the capital, a man posed for photographer Chris McGrath in front of his heavily damaged apartment complex last March, as seen on the left above (Getty Images). Just under a year later, the same angle through the lens of Roman Pilipey on February 11 shows the block completely rebuilt, without a trace of war left (Getty Images). Intense shelling rained down on Kyiv in the weeks after the war began as Russian artillery sought to force the government to capitulate.  The streets of the capital were awash with Ukrainian servicemen last March. The images above show two glimpses of the area near Lukyanivska metro station: the aftermath of nearby rocket fire snapped by Anastasia Vlasova on March 15 (Getty Images) on the left and people going about their daily lives on February 9, 2023, as seen in the second photo on the right by Roman Pilipey (Getty Images). Within a month, with its fighting forces failing to penetrate the suburbs and a vulnerable supply line ground to a halt, Moscow's military planners abandoned their designs to take the Ukrainian capital.  On March 20, a rocket hit a shopping mall in the Podil district of Kyiv, killing eight. Above, the photo by Anastasia Vlasova on the left is compared to one taken last week by Roman Pilipey on February 18, where cars once again line the car park (Getty Images). The before and after shots above show the Kyiv suburb of Bucha – the town in which mass graves and execution-style killings were discovered after the Ukrainian army recaptured the area. Chris McGrath shows the devastation left behind after a residential street becomes a battlefield on April 6 (Getty Images). The same road features in the photo on the right, taken by Roman Pilipey on February 1 this year.   On Monday night, at an event hosted by the Frontline Club entitled “Photography: Ukraine Through the Lens”, Kyiv-based freelance photographer Alexey Furman shared and spoke about examples of his work that demonstrated Ukraine's unwillingness to lay down in defeat. The first image, on the left above, shows Bucha through the eyes of Mr Furman on April 4 (Getty Images). His colleague Roman Pilipey took the after shot on February 18, just last week (Getty Images). Mr Furman told the audience: "Life does come back quickly when there's a desire for it." Mr Furman also capture the moment Kyiv's "Friendship of Peoples" monument was deconstructed and removed from the city for safeguarding. The capital's mayor, Vitali Klitschko also renamed the "People's Friendship Arch" under which the statue stood the "Arch of Freedom of Ukrainian People". The first photo above was taken on April 26 last year (Getty Images), the second on February 11 by Roman Pilipey (Getty Images).  As of February 14, the UN estimates just over eight million refugees are currently dispersed across Europe, around 19 percent of Ukraine's total population. Within the first week of the war, 281,000 women and children crossed the border to neighbouring Poland alone. In a mammoth humanitarian undertaking, the country scrambled to accommodate the influx. The primary school sports hall above in Przemysl was first photographed on March 1 by Omar Marques (Getty Images). Just under a year later, Mr Marques revisited the site on February 17, to find a handball tournament in full swing (Getty Images). By the end of October last year, over six million Ukrainians had already returned home, according to the International Organisation for Migration.  Volodymyr Zelensky swept the polls to election victory in 2019, taking home over 73 percent of the vote. In the left side picture above, the Ukrainian president is seen addressing NATO at EU headquarters in Brussels just over two months before the invasion began (Getty Images). The picture on the right shows him now, age 45, after almost a year of war as he pleads for fighter jets to repel Russian forces from his country's borders once and for all.