It just seems particularly strange that for such a ballsy female politician, her demise has come from not standing up for women. Almost overnight “Teflon Nicola” became “Toxic Nicola”. I know she’s denying that her departure had anything to do with her disastrous Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill and that she had been planning to stand down for some time, but please Nicola, give us some credit and don’t insult our intelligence.  The reality, which she knows as well as we do, is that she hadn’t been planning to stand down at all. It was her harebrained Gender Reform Bill which brought her down. When people brought up concerns about safe female spaces – whether in schools, hospitals or prisons – she ignored them; and when posed with the dilemma of a male rapist declaring himself a woman to get sent to a women’s prison, she pooh-poohed it, and yet within a few weeks it has ended her political career after an excruciating TV interview where she was trying to defend the indefensible. The interview regarding rapist Adam Graham (now Isla Bryson) went viral, and showed up the utter nonsense of her argument and revealed how it trampled all over women’s basic rights. Sturgeon had sold her fellow women down the river and for what? Simply to try to kick off yet another fight and grievance with the UK Government in her pursuit of Scottish independence.  To be honest, she’s sold most of her country down the river in her pursuit of the holy grail of independence – Scottish children’s education, victims of crime, and the NHS – so I suppose women were just another dispensable group to add to her list to chuck under the bus, only this time she bit off more than she could chew. Many had fought for women’s rights all their lives – including lots of natural SNP supporters – and they were not prepared to see Sturgeon trash them. It serves as an important lesson to all politicians – there is no such thing as invincibility and you are only ever one big mistake away from losing your post, especially when you trash the most basic of human rights of women in order to play political games. She has got exactly what she deserves. Caught down an alley in a lewd act with your pants down on CCTV. What a spectacular way to end your marriage... and that’s exactly what rugby ace Joe Westerman did whilst blotto on alcohol. It’ll be very hard for his wife to forgive him and impossible for her to forget what he did with video images online forever. Being in the public eye isn’t all that it is cracked up to be.   The incidents at the immigration centre in Knowsley last week should be a wake-up call to all politicians. Rather than blithely and incorrectly dismissing it is “far-right” protest, the establishment would be better served by having its ear to the ground and listen to what actually sparked the incident. My contacts tell me it wasn’t about left or right politics – and certainly not far-right politics in one of the most socialist, left-leaning areas in the country – it was about the safety concerns of local women and children and local people making a stand. Tensions are rising around the country as a result of thousands of immigrants being housed in the centre of communities. Dismiss them at your peril as I suspect this one incident won’t be the last. What a blinder King Charles has played inviting the insufferable Spare and Mrs Spare to his Coronation. Neither appears to know what to do. It must be difficult for them weighing up the options in Montecito. They either come to the Coronation and show themselves to be complete frauds having resoundingly dissed the Royal Family and all it stands for, or they stay away, look ungrateful and petty and fade into insignificance. I’m betting they will be there, so they can continue trading on their