Rishi Sunak has hit out at Nicola Sturgeon's plans to allow people to easily change their gender insisting that "biological sex matters." The Prime Minister's comment came as he marked his first 100 days in office with an interview with Piers Morgan on Talk TV. After the row over his decision to block Sturgeon's Gender Recognition Reform Bill in Scotland which would have allowed rapists to declare themselves as women and go into female prisons, the PM insisted "of course, I know what a woman is, an adult human female." He added: "Whether it's sex, whether it's women's spaces, whether it's prisons, biological sex really matters. And actually we saw that recently with what’s going on in Scotland."Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer infamously refused to define a woman but Mr Sunak did not hesitate when put on the spot by Mr Morgan. He said: "I'm married to one. I have two daughters. "And it's really important that they grow up in a society where their needs are respected, whether it's, you know, how they want to be treated when they're in changing rooms or sports, but also their safety."  In a trailer for Mr Sunak's latest TV appearance released earlier today (February 2), the PM said asylum claims will be sped up to a matter of days or weeks and not months or years. He added that in the vast majority of cases they would be sent to an alternative safe country, "be that where you have come from, if it's safe, like Albania, or, indeed, Rwanda". Pressed by Morgan if the policy will ever happen, Mr Sunak responded: "Yes." The Prime Minister addressed a number of issues facing the country in his encounter with Morgan broadcast on the day the Bank of England raised its base rate to four percent. His interview comes as Mr Sunak marks his first 100 days in Downing Street.   During the interview he insisted that deportations of illegal migrants to Rwanda will go ahead. "We are working our way through the courts," he said. He also refused to agree with Mr Morgan that Home Secretary Suella Braverman "needs to dial down her language" on the issue. Mr Sunak said: "We are a compasssionate country but people are frustrated and I understand that. "We are not a soft tocch." Mr Sunak also today resisted calls from former Prime Minister Boris Johnson to supply fighter jets to Ukraine. Rivals have said the first 100 days of his reign as PM have been "dogged by a festering swamp of Tory sleaze scandals". Justice Secretary Dominic Raab is subject to a probe, with Mr Sunak tasking lawyer Adam Tolley KC with looking into bullying allegations against the Deputy Prime Minister. The Prime Minister on Sunday sacked Nadhim Zahawi after ethics adviser Sir Laurie Magnus ruled the former Conservative Party chairman had broken the ministerial code several times by failing to declare his tax affairs were being investigated by HMRC. Earlier in Mr Sunak's tenure, Sir Gavin Williamson was forced to quit as a Cabinet Office minister over a series of abusive messages to the chief whip. During the interview, the Prime Minister also revealed that he "wasn't thinking about politics" when Liz Truss resigned but having lunch at TGI Fridays with his daughters. He said: "The country was a mess when I took over." Critics have claimed that Ms Truss was removed ina coup aimed at installing Mr Sunak, but he insisted that he didn;t think he would serve in cabinet again but had intended to continue as a backbench MP. "I'm very fond of people in Richmond [his constituency]," he said. READ ABOUT NICOLA STURGEON BEING URGED TO RESIGN   The first 100 days of the Prime Minister's tenure have seen continued industrial action, with thousands of teachers walking out of classrooms in a pay dispute on Wednesday while rail workers and train drivers are set to picket again on Friday. Britain's economy has also failed to get out of the doldrums with the International Monetary Fund predicting the UK will be the only major economy to plunge into recession this year, with the economy set to contract by 0.3 percent. One of Mr Sunak's five priorities for 2023 is to halve inflation, a move ministers argue would ease the cost-of-living crisis and potentially make public worker pay settlements easier to come by.  DON'T MISS: Harry wanted to hold press conference to tell world ‘I didn’t cheat’ [REVEALED] Harry carried out ‘loyalty tests’ on ‘exhausted’ aides [REPORT] Nicola Bulley's final phone call and four other unanswered mysteries [LATEST] In a statement released this week to mark both the third anniversary of Brexit and Mr Sunak's 100 days in office, the Prime Minister said momentum hasn't slowed under his leadership. He said: "We're cutting red tape for businesses, levelling up through our freeports, and designing our own, fairer farming system to protect the British countryside. "This is just the beginning of our plans to deliver on our five priorities, including growing the economy so we can create better paid jobs, and I'm determined to ensure the benefits of Brexit continue to empower communities and businesses right across the country." 