Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has spoken out after he underwent an operation after experiencing severe abdominal pain. The Italian went under the knife to remove his gallbladder following a diagnosis of cholecystitis. The 53-year-old recently became unwell after complaining of severe adnominal pain - prompting doctors to investigate and later take action as they removed his gallblader and he has been granted a period of leave by Daniel Levy and the club chiefs. After waking up from surgery Conte took to Instagram to send a message to the club's fanbase: “Thank you for your lovely messages, my surgery has gone well and I’m already feeling better. Now’s time to recover, I can’t wait to get back on the field with the team.” Conte was in the dugout last Saturday as his side qualified for the fifth round of the FA Cup following a 3-0 win away to Preston, though there are doubts over whether he will return for Spurs' next game against Manchester City on Sunday. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez A club statement from Tottenham published on Wednesday morning read: "Antonio Conte recently became unwell with severe abdominal pain. Following a diagnosis of cholecystitis, he will be undergoing surgery to remove his gallbladder today and will return following a period of recuperation. Everyone at the Club wishes him well." There is a chance that Conte could miss Spurs' next four matches against Manchester City, Leicester, AC Milan and West Ham as Express Sport spoke with former lead Everton physician Dr Andre Brittain-Dissont to assess his recovery.   “There are two ways of doing this operation, one is with keyhole surgery. Keyhole surgery is more painful in the postoperative period, ” Dr Brittain-Dissont explained. "But because you’re only making small, tiny incisions using clever tools and cameras to do it, you recover quicker and you can be back to work - that is sitting at a desk - in about two weeks. You’re not cutting into the tummy in the same way. “If it’s an open operation - that is if they cannot do it with a keyhole and they need to do an open, old-fashioned operation - that’s less painful but it is a slower recovery. They have to go through the muscles there, so that might take you three to four weeks to recover." 