Frederic Vasseur has confirmed Ferrari will make changes to their strategy team after a range of errors last season. The Frenchman suggested the Italian marque would be making “small adjustments” ahead of the new season. The former Alfa Romeo principal previously claimed he would not be making wide-scale changes but has since accepted some tweaks were necessary. He explained: “Yes we will make some small adjustments “What I said last time is that you see just the visible part of the iceberg. When you spoke about strategy, you were speaking about strategist and strategy. But it's not just one person pushing on a button. It's software, it's the team at the factory, and it's also [a] process on the pit wall. It's a complete picture rather than about one person." It comes after the team conducted a widespread investigation into the issues last season. The Scuderia were criticised for making basic errors which could have cost Charles Leclerc a shot at the title. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc given new nickname in amusing team radio message Leclerc dropped from the first to P4 after a mix-up with the tyres at his home race in Monaco. Ferrari also refused to prioritise the 25-year-old at the British Grand Prix despite Max Verstappen struggling after an early puncture. Strategic errors were also made in Hungary and France while the team also refused to allow Leclerc through in Brazil. Ferrari racing director Laurent Mekies confirmed the team had been “reviewing” their process ahead of the new campaign. He added: “We have learned some of the things last year in the hard way, so of course we had this 360 degree review. What it means for us is that we are concentrating on giving our people the best platform to express themselves.” DON'T MISSFerrari star Charles Leclerc makes feelings on new car clear  [INSIGHT]Carlos Sainz risks causing headache with Charles Leclerc comments  [ANALYSIS]Ferrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans  [COMMENT] Ferrari’s new SF-23 may look similar to last year’s design but they are believed to have made some major progress. The team have undergone tweaks to their front wing design and updates have been made to their engine cover. It is understood the Prancing Horse has mainly worked on solving reliability concerns ahead of the new season after a range of mechanical failures in 2022. Speaking at the launch, Leclerc commented: “The goal is clearly to win. “The feeling of winning is what motivates me, and motivates the team, too, so I am really looking forward to getting back into the car and to hopefully try and win that championship. 2022 was a good step forward following two difficult years, but we finished second in the drivers’ championship and also in the constructors’ championship. “We have done a great job trying to address the weaknesses that there were on the car and hopefully it will be better this season.”