Prince Harry has been savaged over his own account of losing his virginity. TV presenter Megyn Kelly slammed the Prince for opening up about losing his virginity to an "older woman" who has since come forward. "This is the latest example in how classless and thoughtless this guy is," Megyn Kelly opined on Paul Murray's Sky Australia show. She added: "[It shows] how much better off he was when we didn't know him. The more we get to know him, the less we like him. In fact, now it's turning into active disdain." In his memoir, Spare, Harry describes how he lost his virginity to an "older woman" who treated him like a "stallion". Now, a woman has come forward claiming to be the one described in the encounter. She says she was, at the time, 19 years old to Harry's 16. "What he did to this poor woman, he made it sound like it was a Mrs Robinson situation where it was like an older woman, like the mother of a friend. No! She was four years older [sic] they were both teenagers," claimed Ms Kelly. READ MORE: Meghan had 'no chance' of attending Oprah party before Harry marriage  She continued: "He left the trail of breadcrumbs right to the woman. She accurately saw it coming...she came out and said 'All right fine, this is how it happened'. But [Harry's] not a gentleman, Paul, he has no class." Sasha Walpole, now aged 40, came forward over the description of the 2001 tryst between friends in July 2001. She claims she has known the Prince since her days as a groom at King Charles' Gloucestershire estate, Highgrove. Just a little more than two years Prince Harry's senior, she is technically an "older woman", however she claims that she had no idea the Duke was a virgin at the time of their escapade.  She said the "spontaneous and sparky" sex occurred behind The Vine Tree pub in the Wiltshire village of Norton. She added that Prince Harry was 16 at the time, not 17 as Harry detailed in Spare, while she was 19 years old. As the pub closed, she claims the Prince asked her: "Should we go for a smoke?" before the two slipped Harry's security detail and headed out back behind the pub. "He started to kiss me," she told the Daily Mail. "It was passionate, intense. We both knew. It went from a kiss on to the floor pretty quickly."  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry at crossroad as Coronation threatens to 'negate' claims [ANALYSIS]Prince William wins over royal fans with 'protective' gesture to Kate [INSIGHT]King to postpone Harry and Meghan peace attempts after coronation [REPORT] "It was instant, fiery, wham bam, between two friends. It was sparky because we shouldn't have been doing it. He wasn't Prince Harry to me, this was Harry, my friend, and the situation had got a little bit out of control." She apparently planned to keep the incident quiet, only telling a few close confidantes. However, after the details in Spare, she came forward to tell her side of the story. The book, full of intimate details about the Prince and the Royal Family has become an instant bestseller with more than 3 million copies sold globally. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 