Fernando Alonso is adamant he has signed for a winning F1 team at Aston Martin - but admits that he is unlikely to challenge Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton for the title this year in an ‘honest’ admission over his 2023 targets. Verstappen and Hamilton have been widely tipped to reignite their epic 2021 rivalry ahead of the highly-anticipated first race in Bahrain next month. Red Bull were completely dominant last season as Verstappen claimed 15 race wins, but the title race is expected to be much tighter this time round. Mercedes have been working tirelessly to create a consistent race-winning car again in the hope of making their miserable 2022 season an aberration. And a resurgent Ferrari led by Charles Leclerc will be desperate to compete for silverware after another year in which the Scuderia flattered to deceive. READ MORE: Carlos Sainz risks causing headache with Charles Leclerc comments  But while Aston Martin also has ambitious future plans to become one of F1’s top teams, two-time world champion Alonso believes it is too soon to start considering his own title challenge. “I do believe that there is a possibility; I don’t think this year – I’m honest on that,” he said at the Aston Martin launch when asked about his title chances. He continued:  “I have my feet on the ground. I won’t say we are fighting for victories this year, I would lie if I said that, but at the same time, we want to have a good car to start with and to work and then develop that car throughout the season and maybe in the second part of the year we can get closer, if there is an opportunity or changeable conditions… we will not miss that opportunity." DON'T MISSFerrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans  Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions' Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praised  Alonso has not won a Grand Prix since 2013 and the veteran took a risk when he made the surprise move from Alpine last year. The 41-year-old could have easily extended his stay with the French team, but sought a fresh challenge when agreeing to replace the retiring Sebastian Vettel at Aston Martin. And, as he approaches his 20th season in F1, the Spaniard is bullish about his chances of making waves on the grid this year, with vast improvement expected on Aston Martin’s seventh place finish in the Constructors' Standings in 2022. “I’m very motivated, I’m very happy with the things I’m seeing,” he added. “As I said, this team is not happy with fourth, this team is not happy with third, this team is not happy with second, and this is what I feel from everyone here.”