WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. The Last of Us gained international praise thanks to the third instalment Long, Long Time which introduced Bill (played by Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett). With viewers still hyped up after episode three, many are eager to know when they can find out what happens next. Here's everything there is to know about watching The Last of Us' latest episode. The Last of Us made its initial debut on Sunday, January 15, on HBO Max and has been airing every Sunday ever since. The schedule will be no different for episode four which will be out in the USA on Sunday, February 5, at 9pm ET (Eastern Time Zone). It is a different story for fans in the UK though as they will have to wait a day later for the same instalment, which will come out at 9pm on Monday, February 6, on Sky Atlantic. Episode four will have a running time of 50 minutes, making it the shortest episode of the season so far. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit If you don't wait to wait an extra 24 hours for episode four then there is an alternative. The Last of Us is simulcast every week on Sky Atlantic at 2am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). Once the episode has come out, it will then be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW. The first three episodes of the apocalyptic drama are already on the platform as well, in case fans want to rewatch. Fans were gripped after episode three which explored the relationship of Bill and Frank before Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) arrived at their house. Bill was a lone survivalist for years until Frank stumbled across his property, begging for food. The pair sat down over dinner which led to their first kiss before they slept together. Years later, and Bill and Frank were still a couple but their happiness wasn't to last. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]The Last of Us' heartbreaking Bill and Frank episode bags HBO record [REACTION]The meaning behind Long Long Time by Linda Ronstadt in The Last of Us [EXPLAINER] Frank had grown very sick and told his other half that he wanted to have his meal with the rest of his sleeping pills. They ended the evening, dancing and drinking wine until Bill revealed he also took the pills so they could die together. When Joel and Ellie arrived, they found a note from the pair saying they could take all of their weapons. The next episode will go back to focussing on their journey as they travel across America. Joel is a smuggler whose mission it is to get Ellie to a laboratory on the other side of the country. She is immune from the disease that destroyed civilisation so it is hoped a cure will be created using her DNA. But are they both going to be able to make it without being attacked by those already infected? The Last of Us continues every Sunday on HBO Max in the USA and every Monday on Sky Atlantic in the UK.