Monday’s instalment of GMA featured Gio Benitez, Rhiannon Ally, and Jennifer Ashton as they discussed the touching moments that happened during Sunday’s Super Bowl game, between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Philadelphia Eagles. The mood quickly changed when Benitez reminded Rhiannon, a huge Chiefs fan, of their defeat against the Eagles. The trio spoke about the heart-warming viral pics that showed brothers Jason and Travis Kelce hugging at the end of the game, as confetti filled the air around them. Philadelphia Eagle Travis, was on the winning side while Jason, a Chief, had admitted defeat to his brother. Benitez began the conversation by saying: “There were so many emotions at the Super Bowl, right? Even during the national anthem.” Ally also noted the sweet moments that showed the Kelce brothers with their mum on the pitch.   Damar Hamlin's attendance at the game was also described as emotional after the Buffalo Bills safety recently suffered a cardiac arrest later collapsing on the field in Cincinnati, earlier this year. The conversation continued when news presenter Ally agreed with her co-host Ashton, who called Hamlin's return emotional, the presenter agreed: “You're right, very emotional.” To which Benitez teased back: “Very emotional – especially for the Philly fans.” referring to the fact the Philadelphia Eagles had lost to the Chiefs. Ally could be seen gritting her teeth with a grimacing expression, as she brushed the remark off by laughing at Benitez's cheeky dig. Prior to the show hitting the air, Benitez took to Instagram sharing a selfie video of him and Ally on set as they prepared to go live. Sporting a grey suit paired with a patterned tie, Benitez said: "Okay we're walking out to the set. What are we doing this week?" Ally who was posing beside him replied: "Oh a little show you might have heard of called GMA3!" Benitez continued: "So tune in, set your DVRs this afternoon, GMA3 all week long, we're together."  He also revealed co-host Ally was the first person he had ever presented a show with when the pair were broadcasting in Miami more than 10 years ago. Many fans have been so impressed by the journalists’ hosting skills, they want him to become a permanent member of the GMA3 team. One viewer @lorimccartney commented: "We need you to host GMA3 full time. Can we go online and vote?” another @michaelcrawford900 agreed: “Gio you should be the new permanent house for GMS 3.” Another excited fan @junev0101 echoed: “It’s going to be one hell of a show!!!!!! Can’t wait.” a fourth fan @porshasmiles raved Benitez should be the “full-time host”. The Eagles fell short in Arizona on Sunday, as they lost in a 38-35 defeat in the star-studded clash against the Kansas City Chiefs. The Super Bowl averaged an impressive 113 million viewers on Sunday, with fans all over the world tuning in to watch the match and super-star Rihanna’s halftime show. Gio Benitez will be alongside Rhiannon Ally and Jennifer Ashton for the remainder of the GMA season. Good Morning America airs weekdays and Saturdays from 7am to 9am on ABC in the US. 