While mortgage uncertainty prevails, Britons will be undoubtedly looking for ways to get rid of theirs as fast as possible. For those in the position to do so, making mortgage overpayments could help save “thousands” and grant financial freedom earlier however, there are limitations to look out for. Express.co.uk spoke to experts to find out just how much people can save, as well as the pitfalls to avoid. Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, commented: “Most homeowners tied down to a mortgage are itching for the day it’s done and dusted and there is value in the ‘peace of mind’ aspect of lowering mortgage expenses and not having to be beholden to investment performance.” He added: “Paying off your mortgage early could save thousands on interest and could give you financial freedom earlier.” People overpay a mortgage when they voluntarily pay more than the minimum monthly repayment amount they’ve agreed with their mortgage lender. Tim Leonard, personal finance expert at NerdWallet, told Express.co.uk: “You might overpay by increasing the amount you regularly pay each month or you might have a lump sum that you want to pay towards your mortgage. Many lenders offer both options but it’s best to check with them first.” READ MORE: Mortgage payments could rise by £1,380 a year as interest rates go up  Forbes Advisors’ Laura Howard said the contracted mortgage repayment is actually only the minimum amount that must be paid to the lender each month. Ms Howard explained: “Most lenders allow you to pay more than this.” However, she noted: “For the thousands of mortgaged households struggling to make ends meet right now, any kind of overpayment will be off the cards. But for those able to drip-feed a little extra into their mortgage debt, the long-term benefits are considerable.” Not only can it help people pay off their loans sooner than expected, but it can also reduce the overall interest homeowners pay over the course of the mortgage lifetime. Mr Leonard added: “Overpaying can also prove beneficial if it increases the equity you own in your property by enough to make you eligible for a lower loan-to-value mortgage product, where mortgage rates might be lower if you want to remortgage.” DON'T MISS: Mortgage boost with 5-year fixed deal under 4% [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Man shares how he turns rubbish into £1,000 a week [EXPLAINED]    Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea How much can people save by overpaying their mortgage? Naturally, the amount people can save depends on how much they contribute, what interest rate they’re paying, and how much the loan is. In one example, Ms Howard said: “By adding just £50 a month to a £200,000 mortgage debt (priced at four percent over 25 years) you would save £9,800 in interest and reduce the term by one year and 10 months. If you could stretch to £100 a month, you’ll save more than £18,000 in interest and shorten the term by three years and five months.” The Mortgage Hut’s Chris Schutrups, shared another example: “If you had a £250,000 mortgage over 35 years and made a monthly overpayment of £200 per month it would reduce the term by 11 years, and you would save £91,546 in mortgage interest - assuming a five percent rate.” While Alastair, entrepreneur and the founder of The Calculator Site, added: “If you have a £150,000 mortgage with a three percent interest rate and a 25-year term, making an overpayment of £50 per month could save you around £9,000 in interest over the life of the loan and shorten the term by four years.” READ MORE: Interactive map shows where house prices plummeting the most  Express.co.uk spoke to one couple, James, 39, and Theresa, 40, from Leighton Buzzard about their own experience with mortgage overpayments. They are currently shaving “six years” from their mortgage by making monthly overpayments of £200 and saving £14,723 in the process. By using the mortgage app, Sprive, to organise “effortless” overpayments, they told Express.co.uk: "Knowing that we're chipping away and smashing at our figures each month is highly motivating for us." The couple said that while they feel they feel largely in control of their finances, they “have to be careful” where they spend and on what. They added: “But we'd rather cut costs than not pay the overpayments each month." An overpayment mortgage calculator can provide the relevant calculations for individual circumstances. However, it’s important to note that while mortgage overpayments can offer substantial savings, they may not be the best option for everyone.  Alastair said: “Some lenders may charge early repayment fees for overpayments, and it's important to make sure you're aware of these fees and whether they offset the benefits of making an overpayment. Additionally, it's important to consider whether you have enough savings to make an overpayment, as you may need to keep your savings as a safety net in case of an emergency.” Mr Leonard also highlighted the importance of being confident that the additional contributions won’t be needed, as once it’s been invested, it can’t be refunded. He added: “You also need to be aware that there’s usually a limit on how much you’re allowed to overpay - typically this will be 10 percent of your outstanding mortgage balance per year, but you should always check with your lender first.” Mr Leonard also said that, because savings rates are much higher right now than they have been for well over a decade, there is also the “potential” that the interest to be earned by putting money into a top-paying savings account “might outweigh” the benefit of overpaying a mortgage. 