Everton have reportedly turned their attention to free agent Isco after failing to bolster Sean Dyche's squad on a miserable transfer deadline day for the Merseyside club. Despite several attempts to sign forward options in a bid to help the Toffees in their fight against relegation, no player could be pursuaded to move to Goodison Park and their fanbased were incensed when the window closed. Everton made 14 attempts to sign players before the window closed at 11pm on Tuesday and were met with disappointment as their pursuits of players including Olivier Giroud, Beto and Ismaila Sarr were rejected. However, Dyche's outfit can still sign free agents after the window has closed and Isco is under consideration from the Everton hierarchy according to The Times after the former Real Madrid man's proposed move to Union Berlin collapsed before the deadline. While ex-Swansea City forward Andre Ayew has also been linked with a move to the 19th-placed Premier League side and flew to England to commence talks over a return to the league upon the expiration of his contract at Qatar side Al Sadd. While the likes of Isco and Ayew were prominent stars during the peak of their careers, fans will be less than pleased that the club are searching for bargains after receiving an initial £40million from Newcastle after selling Anthony Gordon in the final few days of the window. Several fans descended on the club's training ground Finch Farm as part of a protest against those running the club, the latest show of frustration from the supports as several similar protests have been made at recent games at Goodison Park before Frank Lampard was sacked.  Isco has won the Champions League five times during his spell at Real Madrid, though played a bigger part in the first few than the latter wins as he has gradually had his gametime reduced before leaving in 2022 after nine years at the club. Sevilla signed the former Spain international on a two-year contract in the summer, but terminated his contract after the World Cup ahead of the January transfer window as boss Jorge Sampaoli admitted that he did not live up to expectations. However, at the age of 30 he may have a chance to impress in the Premier League after consistent links to England over the years, though it may come at Everton under Dyche as the ex-Burnley boss looks to revive the club that appears in crisis at the end of the transfer window. 