Floyd Mayweather is just hours away from his first boxing match on British soil. The undefeated icon will return to the ring for another exhibition fight, this time against former Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers.  The bout will take place inside London’s O2 Arena tonight on Saturday where the boxing icon will participate in his first exhibition fight since defeating Deji last November. Just six hours after Mayweather announced his first fight in the UK, his opponent Liam Harrison pulled out due to injury. This allowed the former reality star to step in and he is ready for the biggest matchup of his career. As is well documented ‘Money’ Mayweather secures lucrative deals for each of his boxing matches. It is currently unknown how much Mayweather will receive for his upcoming exhibition contest but based on his previous fights, according to SportsPedia, Mayweather earned a guaranteed purse of $10 million (£8.2 million) with an 80% PPV share in his exhibition bout against Deji. In his prior bout against Mikuru Asakura, Mayweather took home a staggering $22 million (£18.2 million), and an 85% share of the PPV profits, from which he received around $1.2 million (£994,000). Therefore, it is likely Mayweather will be earning upwards of £8 million for the enxt time he steps into the ring. JUST IN: Conor Benn cleared as investigation finds 'eggs' responsible for failed drugs tests The pair came face-to-face before their clash and the former 50-0 star thanked fans for their support in his exhibition-filled career and is ready to once again entertain a British crowd for the first time ever. He said: "It’s great to be back in the UK performing, a dream come true. I’ve been coming to UK since 1993 – it’s good to be over here. "If I was taking brutal punishment, I couldn’t do it anymore. My career was great because of my defence. My faculties were important to me. I retired from the sport and I didn’t let the sport retire me. My advice to him [Chalmers] is to leave here with skills. He’s rough, tough and got experience in combat, so I’m pretty sure he’ll be at his best. "I’ve got so much experience at highest level. I’ve fought at the best events. Experience plays a major part. I’ve seen everything but you can never overlook a guy or underestimate a guy. He believes in his skills and talent. My job is to entertain and do what I do. I don’t have to have fast hands or feet. The proof is in the pudding." DON'T MISS Chalmers on the other hand, has experience in boxing and MMA, having previously fought in high-profile promotions such as Bellator and Wasserman Boxing. He is hoping he will have the tools to cause an upset and promised to put on a show for the fans. "I’m not going to give anything away, I’m just excited. We’re here now, it’s been a whirlwind four weeks,” Chalmers said. “I know his (Mayweather's) jab is unbelievable, can I handle that jab? You’ll find that out on Saturday. I’ve tried to be sharp and fit, I’ve got a nutritionist and there’s no stone unturned when facing Floyd. "He’s 46 on Friday, he’s got 10 years on me, so it’s just about being sharp and being in his face. He’s one of the best boxers, so I can’t get too carried away and get clipped. If you face the best of all time, the rest should be much easier. This was the offer that came in and I grabbed It with both hands."