A remake of the iconic cop show, Starsky and Hutch is officially in the works and expected to land on screens later this year. However, new stars will be at the helm of the show as Fox confirmed the drama will be female-led. Fans of the original 1970s show will be familiar with Detective David Starsky (played by Paul Michael Glaser) and his partner Kenneth 'Hutch' Hutchinson (David Soul) taking on crime in Bay City. While the procedural premise will remain the same, the remake will have a modern spin with two women leading the storyline. Instead of Dave and Ken, the show will centre Detectives Sasha Starsky and Nicole Hutchinson. According to The Hollywood Reporter: “They solve crimes in the offbeat town of Desert City. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain “While staying true to their friendship, their awesomeness, and somehow also trying to unravel the mystery behind who sent their fathers to prison 15 years ago for a crime they didn’t commit.” Showrunners Sam Sklaver and Elizabeth Peterson have yet to reveal which actresses will star in the new titular roles. Although the remake will come with a new personal twist, the original Starsky and Hutch were mainly tasked with protecting and patrolling the citizens of Bay City. They also had the help of Huggy Bear Brown (Antonio Fargas), who often provided the detectives with inside information.  As well as being loved for its action and dramatic car chases, fans were also hooked by the pair's interaction with their no-nonsense boss, Captain Harold Dobey (Bernie Hamilton). Starsky and Hutch aired on ABC for four seasons, before its final episode in 1979. The series was later turned into a buddy comedy film in 2004, which featured Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson as Starsky and Hutch. The two took on a major drug bust in Bay City with the help of police informant Huggy Bear (Snoop Dogg).  DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [REACTION]Outlander features the real-life figure of Lord Lovat Simon Fraser [INSIGHT] The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Medusa’s identity [REACTION]  The upcoming remake will be one of many new shows to premiere on Fox this year. The network is also working on a medical drama, Doc, which tells the story of a doctor who loses eight years of her memory after a traumatic accident. Jenny Is a Weapon is also expected to land on screens later this year. The female-fronted drama will follow a sheltered housewife who discovers she had physics abilities the moment her marriage falls apart.    She will then be recruited by a secret government agency where she will have to juggle her broken family and save the world. The Starsky and Hutch remake is one of many shows which have been reimagined with a female cast. Ocean’s Eleven originally starred George Clooney, Brad Pitt and Matt Damon, but was flipped in the 2018 reboot with Anne Hathaway, Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett in the lead roles.  Starsky and Hutch is available to stream on Amazon Prime.   