Floyd Mayweather continues his money-spinning post-retirement career tonight as he takes on ex-Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers in his first fight across the pond. Despite being best known for his time on the hit reality television show, Chalmers is no stranger to combat sports. The Joker is a former professional MMA fighter and active pro boxer with a winning record in both disciplines (5-2 MMA and 1-0 boxing) and was signed by top MMA promotion Bellator for a time. This fight marks Mayweather’s sixth exhibition contest following his official retirement from the paid ranks in 2017. Fight time/venue This exhibition bout takes place at the O2 Arena in London with the undercard getting underway from 7pm, with ring walks for the feature attraction following at around 10.30pm. Live stream/TV channel The fight will be a pay-per-view event in the UK and is being shown on The Zeus Network for a British record fee of £32.26. Full card Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers Natalie Nunn vs Tommie Lee Ulysses Diaz vs Khalas Karim J’Hon Ingram vs Declan Kenna Antonio Zepeda vs Christopher Lovejoy Kevin Johnson vs Mike Hales Sammy-Jo Luxton vs Hayley Barraclough Quotes Mayweather: “I was originally supposed to face a different opponent, but injuries happen and I’m glad that Aaron Chalmers could step up so that we could give the fans what they want. “The fans in the UK have always been great to me and supported me throughout my career, so an event like this has been a long time coming. I’m excited to add more history to the O2 Arena in London.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity Benn cleared as enquiry finds 'eggs' responsible for failed tests Chalmers told Express Sport exclusively: “I’d like to think I’m a better boxer than Deji and Deji caught him, he blacked his eye so that’s a big confidence boost for me. And if Deji can black his eye then there’s a chance I will catch him on more than one occasion. “I’m also going to be a lot bigger than Floyd, I’m six foot, I’m cutting down to 72kg and I punch quite hard. I’m not saying that he hasn’t been in there with people that can punch but I can punch as well. “It’s going to be an interesting night more me and like I say the more I do the better it stands me for future reference. I see an absolute tear up,” Chalmers added. “I know me and I know if the going gets tough then I will have to bite down and start swinging. “I’d rather go out on my shield then tuck up and be finished. You can expect the unexpected. If he starts putting it on me and I start fading away I won’t be going out without a fight and like I say it only takes one punch and I know I can bang.”