Leigh Wood defends his WBA (regular) featherweight title tonight against Mexico’s Mauricio Lara. Fresh off his fight-of-the-year contender with Michael Conlan, Wood looks to defend his belt for a second time in his beloved hometown of Nottingham. His opponent, Lara, burst onto the scene when he shocked the boxing world with a ninth-round stoppage victory over Josh Warrington. This was followed up by an inconclusive rematch, halted in the second round after Lara was cut by an accidental clash of heads. However, given his impressive win over the Leeds boxer, Lara has earned himself a shot at Wood. They had been scheduled to box each other in September of last year but Wood was forced to withdraw with a torn bicep. Venue/ fight times Wood and Lara’s 12-round featherweight title clash takes place at the Nottingham Arena. The undercard is set to get underway from 6pm with the main event set to commence at roughly 10.30pm after that. Live stream/TV channel The card will be broadcast live on DAZN and can be live streamed via the streaming services app and website on all good internet-connected devices including mobile phones, laptops and Smart TVs. Full card Leigh Wood vs Mauricio Lara – WBA (regular) featherweight title fight Dalton Smith vs Billy Allington Gary Cully vs Wilfredo Flores Gamal Yafai vs Diego Alberto Ruiz Kieron Conway vs Jorge Silva Junaid Bostan vs Peter Kramer Nico Leivars vs Alberto Motos Sam Maxwell vs Shaun Cooper Aaron Bowen vs Mathieu Gomes Cheavon Clarke vs Israel Duffus MORE BOXING NEWS... Frank Warren agrees with Tyson Fury about Anthony Joshua Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Wilder as fourth fight bashed Riakporhe explains what sparked clash with Okolie at Creed premiere Quotes Wood: “I prefer being an underdog and I love proving people wrong. People tweet me all the time and say, ‘this is a mismatch and I’m going to lose’ but if you look at my Twitter I retweet them because it fuels me. “Winning fuels me. Lara has a style that suits me. Conlan was all wrong for me stylistically, but styles make fights and I’m confident in my ability. “If I approach this fight wrong, it could be brutal. Lara is good and we saw that in the first fight with Josh Warrington, but if I do as I plan, this fight won’t reach halfway – I’m going to get Lara out of there. “He [Lara] said I faked my injury and that annoyed me. Why would I fake my injury? I didn’t have to fight him, this is a voluntary defence, but I want to test myself and I’m going to show him what I’m all about.” 