The Everton hierarchy are already in debt to Sean Dyche just a matter of days into his Goodison Park tenure. Despite the Toffees' desperate need to invest, the club somehow managed to finish the January transfer window with no new acquisitions - meaning they were the only Premier League side not to recruit in the winter market. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four free agents Everton can still snap up outside of the transfer window to bolster their survival bid. Isco The standout option is serial winner Isco, whose deadline day switch to Union Berlin collapsed following medical checks. The club hinted in a statement that the player upped his wage demands at the last minute. The Spaniard has delivered at the top level but an unexplainable dip has seen him finish the window without a club after being released by Sevilla in December. Isco still has plenty of quality and his creativity and class could be a huge asset to Everton if they were willing to take the plunge. The only question is where he would fit into Dyche's rigid 4-4-2 system. He is also likely to demand big wages given the size of his contract at Real Madrid. Andre Ayew Ayew was repeatedly linked with Everton on transfer deadline day but club sources continued to dismiss the prospect of signing the Ghanaian. It would probably be telling of Everton's wretched planning if they now went and signed the veteran, who is evidently way past his best. The ex-Swansea and West Ham man does have experience in the Premier League though and he also captained Ghana at the World Cup in Qatar. Ayew has leadership qualities which are ultimately something that would be worth its weight in gold for Everton at this stage of their survival bid - when there is a lack of confidence and belief around the place. Dyche's arrival is likely to change that but the Toffees are also lacking goals in attack so any forwards would be welcomed at this stage of proceedings. DON'T MISS MORE DEADLINE DAY UPDATESMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transferChelsea's decision on letting Conor Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan dealLeeds rocked by Nicolo Zaniolo deadline day twist with Roma ready to approve transfer Sime Vrsaljko The ex-Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan right-back has had a torrid time with injuries but again, he is another vastly experienced player. He was a big part of the Croatia side that reached the 2018 World Cup final and he was also part of the Atletico side that won La Liga in 2021. Everton are lacking a little depth at right-back due to Nathan Patterson's struggles with injuries and Vrsaljko wouldn't be a bad player to get on board providing he could prove his fitness. The Croat is only 31 so if he can get himself back to full fitness, there is every chance he could prove to be a fine signing for Dyche, even though his arrival is unlikely to rally or inspire supporters. Artem Dzyuba The 6ft 6" powerhouse striker could actually be the perfect fit for Dyche's football as he is an awkward presence to contend with. Even if the big Russian was only summoned from the bench for the final 10 minutes of a match, he is a real handful that would give opponents something to think about. Dzyuba would only effectively be replacing the departed Salomon Rondon, who still made several important contributions for the Toffees despite his general disappointment. The 34-year-old target man's goalscoring record in Russia with Zenit was something to admire having netted 85 times in 181 outings. He has also scored 30 times in 55 for Russia including three goals at the 2018 World Cup which would suggest he is more than capable in front of goal - something Everton currently require.