Sanjeev Bhaskar has shared how he had received messages threatening a boycott after Unforgotten’s finale last season saw a main character die. Nicola Walker’s character DCI Cassie Stuart was suddenly killed off during an emotional car crash scene prompting viewers to say they would “never” watch the show again. Sanjeev shared: “Nicola and Cassie are both iconic, but I was still surprised by the outpouring of grief. A few people messaged me on social media saying they would never watch Unforgotten again… ‘Why couldn’t Cassie retire [rather than being killed in a car crash]?’ “Because, I said, ‘Life is not like that’. Nicola and I still chat every few weeks or send texts,” he added to Radio Times. In the penultimate series 4 episode, Cassie was involved in a collision while driving. She was physically and mentally exhausted from returning to police work when she’d wanted to remain signed off and had missed the car speeding towards her. Although it initially appeared that she’d pull through, it later transpired she’d not regain brain activity and died. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson injects tooth whitener into leg after mishap In the last episode, viewers saw her colleague place flowers on her grave which read "Mother, daughter, copper", after her life support machine was turned off. Although the ITV show will now look different, actress Nicola has explained Cassie’s time on the show was always finite. Speaking with Radio Times, the 52-year-old said leaving the show was a decision both she and Chris spoke about from the beginning. Nicola had nothing but kind words to say about her friend Chris as the actress shared she’s worked with him longer than any other writer. The actress admitted the producer was always putting Cassie through a story arc that would emotionally damage her. DONT MISS:Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' (PHOTO)Helen Mirren awkwardly corrects Alison Hammond over Queen at BAFTA (NEWS)Holly Willoughby channels Hollywood goddess in jaw-dropping gold dress (LATEST) With series five of Unforgotten looming, executive producer Chris Lang has teased viewers will see a new journey for Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and the team as they continue life without Cassie. She said: “The buzzword was that she was an empath, and the problem with being an empath is that eventually you break. I felt that to have her keep coming back would make her seem like a superhero. So it was very much a joint and long-planned decision.” Elsewhere in the interview, the actress revealed if the team knew coronavirus was going to hit they wouldn’t have given viewers a depressing storyline. Nicola revealed she felt guilty when her death aired as she thought Unforgotten could’ve given fans something more cheerful. With series five of Unforgotten looming, executive producer Chris Lang has teased viewers will see a new journey for Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and the team as they continue life without Cassie. Series five will see a new face join the cast as DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James (Sinéad Keenan) will be working alongside Sunny and the team. Although the producer said the huge change for the show is “scary” for all involved, it was exciting to welcome a new DCI. Elsewhere in the interview, the actress revealed if the team knew coronavirus was going to hit they wouldn’t have given viewers a depressing storyline. Nicola revealed she felt guilty when her death aired as she thought Unforgotten could’ve given fans something more cheerful. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.