Before previous earthquakes, cows have been known to stand stock still, frozen with fear, and then run around erratically. This phenomenon, which animal behaviour experts say extends to fish and insects, reminds us just how sensitive and intelligent other species are, but excluding reports of their apparent prescience, animals largely remain the forgotten victims of natural (and human-induced) disasters. The loss of more than 22,000 human (at the time of writing) lives is an unthinkable tragedy. Those who survive will have lost loved ones, livelihoods, and homes. Among the dead, injured, and displaced are also animal companions who were perhaps curled up in children’s beds when the quake hit as well as unkempt, bony stray dogs and cats who, as the streets buckled, were buried as they had lived – shaking in fear. Animals trapped on farms, horses and donkeys used for work, and wild animals, too, are all victims – some entombed in rubble, some made homeless, all left traumatised. Already, local animal groups have been inundated with calls for help. In Kyiv, Ukraine, 2,500 miles away from the quake’s epicentre in Nurdağı, Turkey, the need to support animal victims of tragedy has been in constant sight, thanks to a multitude of empathetic people who have rushed in to help. Within days of the invasion of Ukraine, PETA Germany’s rescue team risked their lives to drive through icy, battle-torn streets to the city of Lviv to meet brave volunteers who’d journeyed some 300 miles from a Kyiv shelter with nearly 90 homeless cats and dogs. From there, PETA Germany drove the animals to a safe haven in Poland, giving them a chance at a new life. So far, over 2,000 animals have been saved. Throughout the war, Animal Rescue Kharkiv and PETA entities (thanks to supporters of PETA’s Global Compassion Fund) have worked to save animals wounded by bullets, abandoned along the Russian frontier, and carried by their dedicated guardians to the borders in hopes of finding them new homes while lives are rebuilt. While Putin, Zelenskyy, and their respective troops have dominated the headlines, tireless action groups and their selfless volunteers have worked through long, cold nights and risked their lives across the war zone to ensure no animal is left behind in the melee of shells and broken buildings. Destructive events such as wars and natural disasters plunge the whole planet into despair before mobilising us into action as we look for ways we can help.As we open our hearts, wallets, and homes to the human victims of the Turkey-Syria earthquake over the coming weeks and months, I urge you not to forget the other animals affected by the horror of having their homes torn in two. They, too, will need food, supplies, refuge, and medical aid. As images of the fractured cities of Turkey and Syria fade from our television screens, please continue to do all you can to help the victims – of all species.Mimi Bekhechi is vice president of UK, Europe, and Australia, for PETA. 