Leeds United have sacked manager Jesse Marsch following a disappointing defeat to Nottingham Forest on Sunday. The Whites are hovering above the relegation zone on goal difference, with a daunting double-header against Manchester United up next. Leeds are sliding towards the bottom-three amid a torrid run of form, with Marsch taking 'full responsibility' after Sunday's 1-0 defeat to Forest. Having been embroiled in a relegation dogfight last season, Marsch kept them up by the skin of their teeth thanks to an away win at Brentford on the final day. The hierarchy at Elland Road were supposedly weighing up whether to axe Marsch last month, but instead backed him with a handful of promising transfer deals. Their patience didn't last long, however, as the club have confirmed that Marsch is no longer in charge. Reports indicate that there was fierce debate in the boardroom, with Leeds sporting director Victor Orta among those backing Marsch to carry on before the final decision was made, according to The Daily Mail. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win  The American, who previously held managerial positions at New York Red Bulls, Red Bull Salzburg and Red Bull Leipzig, has been given his marching orders after just over 11 months in charge. Marsch was always likely to find it tough replacing Marcelo Bielsa, who had cemented himself as a cult hero among the fanbase. Leeds have not won in the Premier League since beating Bournemouth on November 5, and they face a tough upcoming period with star striker Rodrigo sidelined through injury. Back-to-back matches against bitter rivals Man Utd are also set for the coming week, and it remains to be seen whether the club have appointed Marsch's successor before their first clash on Wednesday. DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner  Tension supposedly emerged in the boardroom during the January transfer window amid a conflict of opinions over recruitment strategy. That is unlikely to have died down in light of Marsch's sacking, with Orta and other members of authority keen to hold fire before making such a big decision. Prospects of a sensational return to the dugout for Bielsa have been described as 'unlikely', despite the Argentine coming close to a Premier League return with Everton last month. Leeds have 'huge respect' for what Bielsa achieved during his first stint at the club but supposedly favour other options, with West Bromwich Albion boss Carlos Corberan firmly in the frame.  Corberan spent three years at Elland Road between 2017 and 2020, managing the U23s and serving as part of Bielsa's backroom team. His managerial stock has since skyrocketed after guiding Huddersfield Town to the Championship play-off final and instigating a striking turnaround at West Brom. The Baggies would surely be devastated to lose the 39-year-old, who was only appointed in late October, having led them back to the play-off spots after a dismal start to the campaign. Ralph Hasenhuttl, Marcelo Bielsa and Thomas Tuchel are among the other names in contention to replace Marsch at Leeds.