A teenage girl has explained how she got revenge on a boy who kept her awake and "elbowed" her in the face during an 11-hour flight. She said that the boy sitting in the aisle in front of her, who was no more than 16 years old, was speaking loudly with his friends while other passengers tried to sleep. After hours of frustration, the girl eventually had enough. After the flight, she left the boy terrified as she made her feelings very clear to him. Explaining in a post on Reddit, the girl wrote: "I was in an aisle seat in the middle row of the plane, and probably the only non-camper of that section. Seated directly in front of me was a teenage boy. He was one of the campers, and at most 16 years old. I never learned his name, but let's call him Kevin. "About 2 hours into the flight, I decided to close my computer, turn off the plane tv, and try to get some sleep. I don't like sleeping on planes, but I still somehow managed to. I was woken up a while later by someone talking. "Loudly. I opened my eyes to see that Kevin was wide awake, happily chatting with the girl next to him and the guy across the aisle from him. I checked the time, thinking we were close to landing, only to find out it had been less than an hour since I'd fallen asleep. "I expected them to stop soon to sleep, since it was already getting late and everyone else was doing that, but they kept going. And while the other two people were also to blame, Kevin was especially loud. The volume of his voice was similar to that of a 10-year-old on a school bus." The girl added that, because it was also other passengers who were being disturbed by the loud youngster she named Kevin, she decided to confront him. She continued: "I politely, but firmly, asked Kevin and his crew to either turn it down or stop talking since there were other people on the plane and we were all trying to sleep. "They stopped for about 15 minutes, during which I almost managed to fall back into blissful sleep. But then they resumed their conversation, Kevin loud and proud." But the boy didn't listen. The girl said he continued to laugh loudly while bouncing in his seat. She added: "I kept trying to sleep, but this went on for the rest of the flight. And not only did Kevin laugh and scream the entire time, but he also wouldn't stop moving. READ MORE: ‘Glorious’ Spanish island named one of world’s best "He'd bounce on his seat, stretch his arms and legs, and just generally flail his limbs around. He would constantly move on and off his side, and his elbow would dig into my knees every time he did. "He'd also throw his arm backward and hit the touchscreen tv, turning its bright light on before my eyes and forcing me to wake up and turn it off." After 11 hours on the flight, the girl was only able to nod off for 40 minutes. However, she explained how she was eventually able to get payback. She said: "I just wanted to get off that plane. As soon as I was allowed to, I bent down to get my bag. At that moment, Kevin was moving around and accidentally elbowed me in the face. "I gave him what must have been the worst, most hateful death glare I have ever given anyone in my life. I didn't see my face, but he immediately stopped laughing, turned back and sat still. I left the plane five minutes later." DON'T MISSCruise guest issues warning - ‘it’s not worth the risk’ [INSIGHT]Cruise passenger shames 'rude' and 'entitled' guests [ANALYSIS]Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant  [INSIGHT] The girl then spent two weeks enjoying her holiday, only to return to the airport for her flight home and discover that the disruptive boy was once again on her flight. Her post concluded: "As I was waiting in line to check in, I saw Kevin with his friends. We made eye contact, and I could see he recognized me. "His eyes widened and I could've sworn I saw him gulp. I didn't register that until the flight, hours later. He was seated in front of me again, but this time, he was quiet and stiff as a board." She added: "That's when I finally placed his expression and what I'd seen in his eyes earlier: fear. He was scared of me. My death glare from two weeks prior was enough to keep him quiet for the next 10 hours. "Needless to say I had a great, restful flight, as did everyone else in that section. I sincerely hope Kevin learned something from this."