Hair colour can be make or break when it comes to creating a youthful look. Nicole Petty, hair expert at Milk + Blush, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how older ladies can use dye to look younger instantly. Nicole told Express.co.uk: "While ageing is inevitable, there are things we can do to assist us to stay looking youthful. "And just how wearing the wrong clothes or not looking after your skin can age you, so can the wrong hair colour." As we age, the face loses fat which can result in sunken cheeks. Fine lines also appear as the skin thins and elasticity decreases. Nicole suggested that certain hair colour jobs can do the work of more invasive facial treatments or tweakments. READ MORE: Harry would look 'amazing' with 1 change that's 'too obvious' for Will  She advised: "Add a youthful glow with golden, caramel, or honey face-framing highlights to frame the face and draw attention away from hollow areas or fine lines. "These colours will also soften the complexion and add dimension and warmth to your skin - a great trick for looking more youthful." Going for highlights rather than overall colour is also inexpensive and low maintenance - win-win. Nicole also shared her top hair colour tips for the blondes among us hoping to look younger. According to the expert, some blonde tones are anti-ageing, while others should be avoided at the risk of making you look older. Platinum, almost white-blonde hair may have been dynamic in your teens, 20s and even 30s, but it could have the opposite effect in later life, according to the expert. As we age, our skin ages with us and can become paler and more translucent over time. The wrong hair colour will only accentuate this. Nicole explained: "For blonde-haired people, it’s best to avoid bright or platinum shades if you want to appear more youthful. READ MORE: Ageing lipstick to ditch after your thirties or 'risk looking older'  "Unless you’re blessed with naturally very light locks, blonde locks that are too bright won’t look natural and can make you appear pale." But mature women don't have to avoid blonde hair altogether, as some shades are extremely anti-ageing and can complement the face exceptionally well. The expert continued: "Go for subtle creamy shades a few shades lighter than your natural colour throughout, or add honey, gold, caramel or strawberry blonde babylights to brighten things up without going over the top. "To avoid brassy locks, ask your stylist to apply a toner or invest in purple shampoo to neutralise and leave hair looking vibrant." Natural brunettes can also experiment with dark blonde tones should they want to. "For natural-born brunettes, it’s better to go for a more subtle balayage style from the mid-lengths to the ends." Lighter hair can have the effect of concealing flaws that dark hair might highlight. "Going too dark will make your hair appear matte, emphasise split ends and draw attention to any fine lines." Nicole Petty is a hair expert at hair extensions brand Milk + Blush.