''Grateful'' Rishi Sunak praised nurses for calling off strikes amid negotiations to end their pay dispute. A backdated rise is understood to be on the table in Government talks with the Royal College of Nursing.   The Prime Minister hailed the “constructive” attitude of the RCN and urged other unions to follow its lead. Ambulance and other health staff, including nurses and blood collection workers, are to stage a fresh strike in their long-running dispute over pay. Unison has announced a walkout across England on March 8, accusing ministers of failing to hold “proper talks”. But the RCN called off its 48-hour strike next week that would have involved emergency cover for the first time. It is holding direct talks with Health Secretary Steve Barclay. Mr Sunak told MPs: “I am grateful to them for entering into those talks with a spirit of constructive attitude but also calling off their strikes next week.” He said “intensive” talks would discuss terms and conditions. Full negotiations began yesterday after two months of industrial action. Both sides are believed to have agreed to get round the table after progress during informal discussions. But Dr Suzanne Tyler, executive director at the Royal College of Midwives, warned the Government must extend negotiations to “all NHS staff”. She said: “This divide-and-rule tactic will not work.” On March 8, Unison workers at NHS Blood and Transplant, Great Ormond Street Hospital, the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust, Liverpool Women’s Hospital and Bridgewater Community Trust will be among those walking out for the first time along with all but one ambulance service in England.  Meanwhile, Aslef announced that Tube drivers would walk out on Budget Day – March 15 – in a row over pensions and working arrangements. But the National Education Union said it was “prepared to recommend a pause to strikes next week” to its national executive committee on Saturday in a “sign of goodwill” – but only if “substantive progress” can be made in talks. Education Secretary Gillian Keegan has invited the unions to negotiations on condition that next week’s strike action in England and Wales is cancelled. 