With The Masked Singer now down to the final three contestants, fans are convinced that they have narrowed down the identity of at least one of the singers. Fawn, Rhino and Phoenix will go head-to-head in the grand final next Saturday. However, it is the character of Fawn that has set the internet alight with ITV viewers certain that it is a former member of Hear’say – although they are not sure which one. As her name suggests Fawn is a wide-eyed deer, whose outfit consists of a brown and white spotted jacket and trousers and a matching bow on her head, with furry leg warmers. Over the past few weeks, she has given a series of clues to her identity with judges guessing that everyone from Kim Woodburn to Lindsay Lohan was behind the mask. In the penultimate show last weekend, she sang Tomorrow from the musical Annie and Dua Lipa’s Be The One and she convinced people that a Popstars winner was underneath the mask. Fans of the show seem to think that either Myleene Klass or her Hear’say co-star Kym Marsh are behind the doe eyes. READ MORE: Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set Echoing viewers' predictions special guest judge Peter Crouch guessed that Myleene was behind the character. Taking to Twitter, one fan wrote: “Delighted with the 3 finalists… my money’s on Fawn for the win.. and it being Myleene Klass.” However, some couldn’t make up their mind with @misterjaydee tweeting three times in quick succession. “Fawn = Kym Marsh,” they wrote before amending their prediction to Myleene and finally concluding, “I’ve changed my mind. Fawn = Myleene Klass.” Despite the flurry of guesses for Myleene others were convinced it was actually her former bandmate turned Coronation Street star Kym Marsh behind the mask. "Hearsay???? Kym Marsh for Fawn!!!," tweeted one very enthusiastic viewer. "Well that was a blatant Hearsay reference #Fawn is Kym Marsh," a second typed. Another viewer simply wrote: "I think fawn is Kym marsh." (sic) DON'T MISS:The Masked Singer's Fawn is not Natalie Appleton says expertThe Masked Dancer axed by ITV for 2023 in schedule shake upThe Masked Singer fans left fuming after Jellyfish 'robbed' of final However, Judge Rita Ora threw a spanner in the works when she thought it could be their bandmate Suzanne Shaw leading some fans to agree. "Suzanne Shaw for Fawn? The Summer Holiday clue," one tweeted. Echoing this sentiment, a second said: "We're thinking Suzanne Shaw for Fawn." While one fan covered all their bases writing: "Any ideas on #TheMaskedSingerUK I think fawn might either be Suzanne Shaw, Myleene Klass or Kym Marsh!" As is the spirit of the show, Fawn’s clues have been incredibly cryptic from week to week. In her first appearance, she asked for five sugars in her tea, before remarking: “Like a fawn, I admit that when I was young, I was a bit awkward.” Further clues included a maths reference: “Call me a boffin, but maths was a passion... that my brain later helped me to win later in life." She also referred to Lewis Carroll’s classic tale Alice in Wonderland when she said: “I live in a cottage, but not in a palace... I visited Wonderland, but my name isn’t Alice.” Viewers will be put out of their misery this Saturday as her identity will finally be revealed and the winner will be crowned. The Masked Singer concludes Saturdays at 7pm on ITV1.