Slow cookers are a great way to make a dish throughout the day with minimal effort, which is ready once dinnertime rolls around. Nate, the chef behind Instagram and TikTok's Bored of Lunch, and the author of the cookbook by the same name shared an easy pasta recipe which costs just £1.75 per portion. /latest/instagram To top it off, the cheesy pesto pasta also contains 576 calories per dish. "If you like pesto, chicken and cheesy pasta then you're going to love this slow cooker version," said Nate in a video to his 613.9K followers on TikTok. "It's one of those recipes that if I'm working from home I will throw it on at lunchtime and then at tea time dinner is sorted." The dish isn't complicated to make. Nate said: "Throw it in the slow cooker for a few hours and then toss in your dried pasta with some stock. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver’s method to get the ‘perfect boiled egg every time’ "Cook it on high for 40 minutes and then stir in your Philadelphia cheese, top with some more pesto, mozzarella and look at that - 576 calories a bowl and £1.75 per portion." His recipe has amassed over 3,000 "likes" at the time of writing, with TikTok users describing it as "yummy". The dish can also be customised to suit your own dietary requirements. One commenter suggested adding broccoli and sweetcorn into the mix. Others said they couldn't wait to try the recipe. Emma Jayne wrote: "I am so trying this as it gives me and my mum lunch for the next day." On Instagram, Odette commented: "Another easy one for midweek." Amy added: "We're having this for tea tonight." DON'T MISSDolly Parton shares top ingredient for 'fluffier' scrambled eggs [EXPLAINER]'I compared Heinz Beanz and sausages to Sainsbury's version' [REVIEW]Starbucks drinkers rave about '10 out of 10' new menu addition [VIDEO] Nate shared the ingredients and recipe for his dish on TikTok and Instagram. Ingredients  To begin, cook the chicken, pesto, garlic, lemon and seasoning on high for two hours or low for four to five hours. Next, add in the dry pasta and stock, cook on high for 40 minutes and then stir in Philadelphia light. Top with more pesto and mozzarella, and then either melt in the slow cooker or remove the lid and pop the pot under the grill for eight minutes until the cheese is crisp.