Arsenal fans have taken to social media en masse to thank Tottenham Hotspur for 'helping them win the Premier League' with their 1-0 triumph over Manchester City on Sunday. Pep Guardiola's side failed to take advantage of the Gunners' slip-up at Everton, leaving supporters refuelled on optimism. Arsenal suffered just a second league defeat of the season at Goodison Park as Sean Dyche's team sealed a shock 1-0 win in his first game since replacing Frank Lampard. It handed Man City the chance to close the gap to just two points ahead of next weekend's fixtures and, more notably, the Emirates Stadium trip in 10 days' time. But Guardiola watched his men collapse to defeat at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium for a fifth time in as many visits, failing to score in any of them. Spurs boosted their hopes of a top-four finish with the result, as Harry Kane became the club's top goalscorer with his 267th to win the game. However, in the process, they helped their bitter north London rivals move one step closer to realising their dream and the Lilywhites' nightmare. JUST IN: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash  Piers Morgan was among Arsenal fans who made sure to thank Tottenham for their service on Twitter after full-time. He tweeted: "BOOM! City choke. Arsenal's Everton loss rendered meaningless. Thanks, Spurs, for helping us win the league!" @KSI wrote: "Thank you very much, Tottenham, for not bottling it for once. Still five points ahead with one game in hand. #PrimeArsenal" DON'T MISS Pep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner @DanielKibet_ posted: "On behalf of Arsenal fans, I thank you, our good neighbours. You have just done us a great favour." Arsenal host Brentford at the Emirates Stadium next weekend, while Aston Villa travel to the Etihad Stadium to face City. If both title rivals win, the Gunners will have the chance to move eight points ahead of the Citizens with a game in hand if they defeat them days later. This weekend's results indicated plenty of twists and turns ahead in the final few months of an exhilarating title fight, with Arsenal and City still to clash twice. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here