Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson has given Arsenal a major boost by insisting that Pep Guardiola's men are prioritising success in the Champions League over another domestic title at the end of the campaign. City currently lead the way in the Premier League table but are level on points with second-placed Arsenal, who they beat at the Emirates Stadium to return to the top of the standings last week. City are on course to win their third Premier League title in as many seasons if they manage to see the job through, although many at the club would seemingly prefer to taste Champions League glory after struggling to excel in Europe over the course of Guardiola's seven-year tenure. Ederson has insisted that he would love to secure a long-awaited continental title by the end of the season in order to finally claim the missing piece at City, who were beaten in the Champions League final by Chelsea two seasons ago."We’ve been trying [to win it] and will carry on trying," said Ederson. "This year, we’re more than capable of getting to the final and challenging for the title. We’re a group of great quality and that shows how much the club has developed over the last five or six years, with Premier League titles, League Cups, FA Cups, Community Shields."This title is what the club needs, it’s what we athletes need and it’s what Guardiola needs here at the club, too. This year we’re going to try, we’re going after it." JUST IN: Premier League to be shown on new TV channel after BT Sport buyout It remains to be seen whether City's bid to finally win the Champions League will come at the expense of their efforts in the Premier League, which could put Arsenal in the driving seat as they look to win their first domestic title since going invincible in 2004. The Gunners have been at the top of the table for the majority of the campaign to date and will be desperate to climb back above City between now and the end of the campaign, with just 15 games remaining for the north Londoners to get the job done.Arsenal legend Thierry Henry attempted to galvanize Mikel Arteta's squad after their defeat at the hands of City last week by urging them to avoid giving up the chase at all costs, with everything still to play for in the remaining weeks and months of the season. "They've come to your place and they beat you," said Henry. "Can you now show that you can respond? Because since the beginning of the season, City have had to respond to what Arsenal was doing."Can you keep your composure, go to Villa and rectify that straight away at the weekend, and show that you can be with them all the way and try to do something at their ground? Because now it's going to be very difficult. Man United are behind, I don't know if they can actually stay with City and Arsenal, who knows." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.