The BBC journalist and former Strictly Come Dancing champion was keen to talk about hosting refugees in her UK home. However, her appearance was almost overshadowed when she took a small trip walking onto the Loose Women set on Tuesday afternoon.  Panellists Ruth Langsford, Kelly Holmes, Coleen Nolan and Janet Street Porter were all keen to hear from the journalist. Welcoming her onto the show, Natasha was dressed in dark trousers and a bright knitted top with sparkly buttons. She walked onto the set confident and waving before she missed a step and stumbled slightly. While Natasha insisted she was okay, the Loose Women panel were keen to ensure she was alright. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Ruth introduced Natasha: "This past year she's turned her focus to the war in Ukraine and even hosted a Ukrainian family at her home. "And her good work doesn't stop there as she's now working with a charity to raise awareness of the experience of child refugees. "Please give her a warm welcome, Natasha Kaplinksky." As the journalist stumbled, she was seen grabbing hold of the wall to steady herself. The audience gasped in shock before clapping as Natasha managed to stay upright and made her way to the seat. Natasha wasn't even embarrassed by the slight mishap as she laughed: "Mind the step. I didn't fall." "Well recovered," Ruth told Natasha. "We should always tell people to mind the step but you just forget." Moving onto why Natasha was on the show, the host continued: "The family you took in have literally just left." DON'T MISS....Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday [PICTURES]Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha pokes fun at Nigella Lawson in sexy video [WATCH] "Literally just this weekend they have packed up and 10 months they've been with us," Natasha explained. "They've moved around the corner so they're still part of the local community and the children are still going to the same school as our children. "I think they have moved on very happily, 10 months is a long time." Ruth added: "This was the Homes For Ukraine scheme which we all heard about at the time and just seeing so many thousands of people displaced was heartbreaking. "But not everybody were able to or wanted to offer their home. What made you want to step forward?" Natasha shared: "The minute the scheme opened, I didn't even consult my husband, I just immediately registered. "That was a scheme which touched so many people in this country I think it crashed within minutes of opening because there is such generosity of people in this country wanting to help. "So I genuinely didn't even think about it, I just registered and it took quite a while to get connected so started a WhatsApp group and finally found the family who did come to us." Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.