Samsung has taken the wraps off its all-new Galaxy S23. The all-new phone is the latest in the best-selling Galaxy S series. Alongside the Galaxy S23, Samsung also announced the larger Galaxy S22 Plus and Galaxy S23 Ultra. All three handsets were revealed alongside new laptops during the latest Galaxy Unpacked event. As the name suggests, the Galaxy S23 is the follow-up to the Galaxy S22, released last year. Below, we've got details on all of the new features found in the Galaxy S23, details on the release date and pricing, as well as the best Galaxy S23 deals available right now. Scroll down for our complete guide, or use the links to jump to a relevant section. The Galaxy S23 arrives with a 6.1-inch 1080p OLED display (that's the same size as its predecessor) shielded with Gorilla Glass Victus 2 – the latest strengthened glass from Corning that promises better protection against scuffs, scratches, and drops. As you'd expect from a flagship phone in 2023, Samsung is using a 120Hz high refresh-rate panel to ensure scrolling, system animations, and gameplay is buttery-smooth. The screen is capable of a maximum brightness of 1,750nits (a pretty significant boost from the 1,300nits found on the Galaxy S22) and should guarantee you can always see what is happening on-screen, even outside on the sunniest summer day. Inside the Galaxy S23 is the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy, a custom-designed version of the latest system-on-a-chip from Qualcomm. In previous years, Samsung relied on its own in-house processors, dubbed Exynos, to power Galaxy S devices in the UK and mainland Europe, while US customers enjoyed Qualcomm chipsets. This wouldn't have been an issue, except tests regularly showed that Exynos silicon was significantly slower than its Qualcomm-designed counterpart. With the Galaxy S23 series, everyone will enjoy the fastest performance available from Qualcomm, no matter where they live. Elsewhere, Samsung has increased the size of the battery inside the Galaxy S23 up to 3,900mAh (up 200mAh compared to Galaxy S22), which should be more than enough to get through the day without reaching for a charger. It also supports the latest 5G speeds, improved Wi-Fi, and includes a number of core components made from discarded fishing nets and plastic bottles. Samsung says its will rid the oceans of roughly 15 tonnes of plastic this year thanks to this new initiative when building its devices. On the back of the Galaxy S23, you'll find a triple-camera setup with all of the usual bokeh effects, portrait mode, and night mode tricks. The sensors – a 50-megapixel main camera with OIS, 12-megapixel ultra-wide lens, and 10-megapixel 3x telephoto for lossless zoom – are unchanged from the Galaxy S22, but the beefier processor should improve image quality, Samsung says. On the front, Samsung has increased the megapixels of the selfie camera to 12-megapixels. It can also capture HDR video at 60 frames-per-second for the first time too. Samsung says the Galaxy S23 will hit store shelves in the UK on February 14, 2023. Prices start from £849 for the model with 128GB of built-in storage. Increasing to 256GB will cost you £899 ..although not at the moment, thanks to a brilliant pre-order deal. Galaxy S23 is available in Cream, Phantom Black, Green, and Lavender. As usual, Samsung has reserved a couple of colours as exclusives for its own online store. This time around, these are Graphite and Lime. With the arrival of the next-generation phone in the Galaxy S series, bargain hunters should check out the best Galaxy S22 deals. The best Galaxy S22 Ultra deals are also likely to get a welcome boost too, given that an updated Galaxy S23 Ultra was announced during the same event. If you want the next-generation phone from Samsung, you'll be pleased to know that there are some brilliant pre-order deals already available on the Galaxy S23. For a limited time, Samsung is offering its largest storage capacity – 256GB of built-in memory – for the same price as the entry-level model. That's a saving of £50 and means you'll be able to store twice as many photos, videos, apps, games, songs, and Netflix shows for offline viewing on your next train journey or flight. Not only that, but all Galaxy S23 shoppers will enjoy six months of Disney Plus for free. You'll be able to watch your favourite shows from the streamer on the Galaxy S23, as well as any other devices with a Disney Plus app, including smart TVs, tablets, iPad, consoles, and more. Trading in your current smartphone can unlock mammoth discounts. Samsung has supercharged trade-in valuations – with up to £450 off now available. Of course, the discount will depend on the make and model of the phone that you're trading in. Best of all, Samsung will slash the cost of your new Galaxy S23 at checkout, but doesn't require you to send-off your current phone until after the new Galaxy S23 has arrived. That means you'll have plenty of time to transfer contacts, photos, videos, and apps to your new handset. MORE LIKE THIS