As spring draws closer you may be wondering what you can add to your garden ahead of the warmer, brighter seasons. Whether you're looking to expand an existing vegetable patch, fill empty flower beds, or start completely a-new in your garden, February is a "really great month" to get a range of new plants growing according to gardening expert, Josh Novell. He shared the best varieties to invest in for both floral interests and homegrown foods in your outdoor space. Josh Novell, Polhill Garden Centre’s director said: "February is a really great month to start sowing your bedding plants under cover in time for warmer spring and summer days. By sowing seeds in the lead-up to spring you can get more from your plants, allowing you to enjoy blooms and vegetables for a larger portion of the year. "If you have a greenhouse, now is the perfect time to sow flowers for spring-summer blooms, as well as several varieties of vegetables which you can then bring outside in warmer months. "For those without one, warm conservatories and well-lit window sills work very well, too. In addition, February presents several opportunities to sow some seeds straight into the ground, and cover them with cloches or blankets until the frosts stop." When it comes to sowing flowers, Josh recommended using a mixture of annuals and perennials throughout your beds and borders for maximum effect when they come into season. READ MORE: Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home One of his top picks for February was geraniums - a "colourful" classic grown by gardeners across the UK.  Not only can these bold flowers be grown in both beds and border sites, but also in hanging baskets too. Josh said: "These herbaceous perennials are best planted in moist but well-drained soil. Ensure seeds are spread apart so they have room to germinate. When sown, cover them with a layer of compost and then water using a mister. "Plant geraniums inside in a greenhouse or warm window-sill in February and bring them outdoors in mid-March/early April or when temperatures are warmer." Another variety you can start early are petunias. These popular annuals come in a range of colours, including pink and white and require a considerable amount of room to flourish.  For this reason, they are best gown in large pots with plenty of space in moist - but not damp soil.  DON'T MISS:I challenged myself to find 1,000 different wild plants in one year [INSIGHT]‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots [MAP]Orchid expert shares watering myth to avoid - use ‘preferred method’ [REVEAL] The gardening expert added: "Petunia seeds also need lots of light to germinate, so when they have been sown, do not cover them with any layer of compost and keep them in a very well-lit area, such as a South-facing window if you have one. Plant them outside in large pots or flower beds, with plenty of space, in May when the frost has gone." If you're looking for a taller, herbaceous plant, nicotiana is a great choice to add floral interest all summer long. Due to the sheer height, it is best to plant this kind of flower in beds or large supported pots. To look its best, you should always plant nicotiana seeds in a thin layer or dry to moist soil, as like petunias, they need lots of light. Josh recommended adding a teaspoon of sand to the seeds before sowing them to avoid overcrowding during germination. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine Sweet peas are another "favourite" flower to consider for your garden, particularly if you're a fan of fragrant plants.  The Polhill Garden Centre director said: "Loved by many for their bright, cheery colours and low-maintenance, sweet peas are annuals that can be planted in shady areas of gardens or outdoor areas. "They are best suited to flower beds and borders, but also grow well in hanging baskets and containers. Sow sweet pea seeds in a narrow, tall pot, as they need plenty of depth for their roots to grow. Always leave a good amount of space between them in moist compost, then place a layer of compost on top and water." Like the other flowers, these fragrant blooms should not be moved outdoors until the risk of frost has passed, though there are plenty of other crops you can sow directly outdoors this month while you wait. If you're interested in growing your own produce, Josh recommended a host of vegetables including sprouts, carrots, onions and parsnips.   He said: "Sprouts are an ideal vegetable to sow in February, as they thrive in colder conditions. You can plant straight in the ground from the end of February if it isn’t too frosty, or early March. Alternatively, for an early crop, sow seeds under cover in early February for harvesting in August. "Carrots are another great vegetable to sow in February, as some varieties can be sown directly in the ground from mid-February for an early summer harvest. These varieties will be clearly marked on seed packets, as early rather than maincrop." Onions are similar to sprouts in that they survive most frosts once planted, though you should avoid sowing them when the ground is too cold or frozen. Parsnips are a little trickier in that only certain varieties can be sown directly in the ground. Josh explained that the best ones to use are seeds marked as "Avon resister", which can withstand cold temperatures and be harvested in spring or early summer.  