Manchester United owners the Glazers are preparing to leave behind the £500million debts they’ve accrued during their time at the club, according to reports. The Americans are open to selling the Red Devils after 18 controversial years in charge. However, there’s still no clear frontrunner when it comes to a takeover. The Glazers confirmed they were open to selling United back in November, saying in a statement: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” And now, The Mirror claim the Americans are ready to leave the club with their massive £500m debt once they eventually pack their bags. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It’s claimed the Glazers are hoping to pocket a huge £6billion from any sale. But, despite that, they’re planning on leaving United in a financial mess. They’ve already taken around £1.6bn in dividends and management charges over the years, as well as debt repayments and share sales. And the next owners of United will have to consider the money the club will need to pay off. It’s claimed there has been interest lodged from the Far East, Middle East and United States so far. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But there’s still no clear frontrunner as to who will actually buy United and rid them of the Glazers once and for all. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is one potential candidate, with the British billionaire already registering an interest. Yet links to Amazon, Apple and Facebook have all gone quiet. The next owners of United will also have to pick up the bill when it comes to modernising Old Trafford. It’s thought it could cost as much as £8bn to revamp the famous stadium, which has shown signs of wear and tear over the years. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Meanwhile, speaking recently, former West Ham striker Franck McAvennie endorsed Ratcliffe - but did say the billionaire has ‘more money than sense’. “I do not think there is anyone who does not want that family out,” he told Football Insider. “From the supporters right through to the players I do not think there is anyone. They have made shambles after shambles after shambles, mistake after mistake after mistake. “It is smoke and mirrors, they have not done anything. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think Ratcliffe is no fool, he will not pay over the top for it. I think he is a Man United supporter, what a result that is. “He has got more money than sense but if you are going to buy a club Man United is certainly the club to buy.“ United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Erik ten Hag have all managed the club during their tenure.