Chelsea were reportedly already on a watchlist by UEFA officials before the club spent over £300million in the January window. The Blues have obliterated previous transfer records ever since Todd Boehly and his consortium took over at Stamford Bridge last summer. They didn't take long before striking in the transfer market with big-money deals for the likes of Kalidou Koulibaly, Wesley Fofana, Marc Cucurella and Raheem Sterling. Little under £300m was spent overall in the summer to shatter the previous record for the most spent in a single transfer window. Despite the huge outlay, Chelsea suffered a stuttering start to the season as Thomas Tuchel struggled to get his new signings up to speed. The German coach was then brutally sacked just days after the transfer window closed with Graham Potter coming in as his replacement. Results have failed to improve under the Englishman though with Chelsea currently 10th in the table and 10 points adrift of the Champions League places. While performances on the pitch have let a lot to be desired, Chelsea have been making waves behind the scenes once again in the transfer market.  They smashed their own record in the January window with the signing of Enzo Fernandez on deadline day along with moves for Mykhaylo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke and Malo Gusto among others. Chelsea appear to have found a loophole in Financial Fair Play regulations by spreading the cost of the transfers over the course of very long contracts given out. But UEFA have been keeping a close eye on Chelsea's business for several months now it seems. According to the Telegraph, Chelsea were placed on an 'FFP watchlist of 19 clubs in September'.  That didn't appear to put Chelsea off of continuing their lavish transfer activity with more than £600m spent over the past two windows. A huge clearout is expected in the summer now, particularly if Chelsea fail to qualify for Champions League football next season. The report adds that Chelsea's homegrown stars feel most at risk of being sold on. Conor Gallagher, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Trevoh Chalobah appear most at risk of being sold on unless they break into the first team on a regular basis under Potter. The biggest question mark remains around Mason Mount's future, who is still yet to sign an extension at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea will reportedly also look to offload Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic, Cesar Azpilicueta as well as Aubameyang and Koulibaly.