A "lonely" mother caught possessing indecent images of children avoided a jail term. Julie Barnes, 57, operated an explicit Facebook page under the pseudonym "Rosie Cheek" and this account featured a number of images of Barnes and suspicious activity was connected to it.  Police traced the IP address to Barnes' home in Widnes, Cheshire, and also found images had been "cached", meaning they'd been deleted, from her Samsung phone. Liverpool Crown Court heard the images showed girls between seven and nine years old being sexually abused by an adult man, and a five- or six-year-old-boy suffering sexual abuse by a woman. But mum-of-two Barnes was spared jail on Thursday despite pleading guilty to one count of possessing indecent images of children, three counts of making indecent images of children, and one count of possessing prohibited images of children. A community order was imposed for 18 months, and Barnes was ordered to complete 20 rehabilitation activity days. She will also be subject to a sexual harm prevention order and notification requirements for five years, and forfeiture and destruction of the Samsung seized was ordered, reports the Liverpool Echo. Recorder Tania Griffiths KC said: "It is a very strange account where you could imagine images like this ending up on there but I accept that she did not solicit them. "I accept this came about due to loneliness rather than any sexual interest in children. "While I accept there is no evidence that you solicited this material, you created the circumstances with your Facebook account that made the sharing of this material possible. "This was disgraceful and shameful behaviour. I accept that you are remorseful but that is little consolation to the children who suffered in these offences."  The defendant was described in court as "a considerate and loving mother, " reports the Liverpool Echo. But in total, Barnes was found with six category A images, eight category B images and 33 category C images. Included were three prohibited images described as CGI cartoons or drawings. Derrick Jones, prosecuting, said police became aware of suspicious activity on the explicit Facebook page which Barnes ran, and officers attended her home on December 23, 2021. She was spoken to and denied all knowledge of the images. The pictures were not accessible to her at that time, but they had been accessed by her previously, though it could not be determined exactly when, Mr Jones told the court Barnes was interviewed in September 2022 and provided a prepared statement where she accepted being sent the images on her Facebook "fetish" account. Mr Jones said there was no evidence of Barnes searching for images of this nature herself, and that May 2021 was the last time it could be confirmed that she had accessed the images she had been sent. She has no previous convictions of any kind. Jim Smith, defending, reiterated that his client did not seek out these images, but did wholly accept her wrongdoing.  He said the situation came about because of her loneliness and isolation due to mental and physical health difficulties, and she has suffered immeasurably since the initial visit from the police. He said: “She is a considerate and loving mother of her two children who in turn give support to her. She has done volunteer work in the past and of course embraces friendships and provides support herself despite the many difficulties and hardships she has encountered in her life.” 