Fans want Manchester City stripped of their six Premier League titles after the club was hit with over 100 charges. Pep Guardiola’s side have been accused of breaches of financial regulations following a four-year investigation. Possible penalties include a points deduction or even being kicked out of the top flight. On Monday, the Premier League released a statement confirming they were looking into a ‘number of alleged breaches’ of their rules by Manchester City. And, should the charges be proven, then the reigning champions will face a number of sanctions. City could even be kicked out of the Premier League, or face a points deduction - which would be a hammer blow to their hopes of retaining the title. An independent disciplinary commission will now deal with the charges, with the hearings set to be held in private. The charges over financial reporting relate to nine seasons from the 2009/2010 campaign to the 2017/2018 season. City won three league titles during that time, and they’ve proceeded to win an additional three in the years since. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And fans on Twitter now want the Citizens to be stripped of the trophies they’ve won in recent years. “The Premier League should strip @ManCity of their titles, if they’re proven guilty and the runners up should be awarded those titles,” said @UtdChronicIes. “Give us those 17/18 & 20/21 Premier League titles, and kick @ManCity in to the Conference!” said @UtdEriksen. “Relegate Man City to league 2 and strip them of all titles if justice means anything at all,” were the words of @The_Gerrard_Era. “Unless Liverpool get given 3 more PL Titles (2014, 2019, 2022) for this Man City stuff, I'm not interested,” stated @TheKopHQ. “Man City should be stripped of all their Champions League titles for [allegedly] breaking all those rules,” voice @AbsoluteBruno. @Mr_Ceyram said: “Premier League should strip Man City of their Premier League titles if they are found guilty.” And @Chrisob1985 said: “Man City should b (sic) stripped of titles,banned from European Football and RELEGATED.” City have previously denied any allegations of financial wrongdoing. They’re now expected to fight these charges as they look to protect their reputation in the sport. Meanwhile, in other City news, Guardiola shrugged off their 1-0 defeat to Tottenham on Sunday in the aftermath of the result. Harry Kane’s goal gave Spurs all three points, boosting Arsenal’s hopes of winning the league title in the process. And Guardiola said: "Normally when we win it is a real team and when we lose it is not. "I have a lot of gratitude for these players. "I always try to do my best. I said many times, I knew that we were not the same after winning a lot - me the first when I talk about that - but the way we try to go and fight for every ball until the end, we try until the end. I always try to do the next step. "It doesn't matter what happened in the past. We have to try to do it now, we are sad. “Tomorrow we will watch the game, reflect and then think about Aston Villa - that will be tough- with our people and fans. “It will be a long season for everyone and we will try to continue.” And he added: "We are a team that scores goals but I could not expect against Tottenham to create a lot of chances. “We created in the beginning but they defended with nine players really well, well organised, the squad is fantastic that they have. "It's not easy to break down but we had enough to score goals. “We've had missed penalties - I always had the feeling that we play well against them but for some reason we are not able to win. It is the reality."