A suspected surveillance balloon from China has been spotted in northern US skies and it was snapped in Montana on Wednesday. The Pentagon has been tracking the giant high-altitude object for several days as it coasts over continental US, a senior defence official said on Thursday.   The senior defence official said: “We are confident that this high-altitude surveillance balloon belongs to the [People’s Republic of China]. “Instances of this activity have been observed over the past several years, including prior to this administration.” The Pentagon spokesman assured Americans that the balloon is travelling at an altitude “well above commercial air traffic” and does not pose a safety concern at present. Pentagon spokesman Brig. Gen. Patrick Ryder said: “The balloon is currently travelling at an altitude well above commercial air traffic and does not present a military or physical threat to people on the ground.” READ MORE: Driver mowed down two children on bikes killing them He added that the US military has decided against shooting down the balloon. The US believes Chinese spy satellites in low Earth orbit are capable of offering similar or better intelligence, limiting the value of whatever Beijing can glean from the high-altitude balloon, which is the size of three buses, according to another defence official. The senior defence official added: “It does not create significant value added over and above what the PRC is likely able to collect through things like satellites in low Earth orbit.” According to officials, the 46th US President was briefed on the giant balloon and its movements. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'should be mirroring' Zara Tindall [REVEAL]Bed blocking at record levels as 14,000 fine to be discharged [UPDATE]Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as he prepares to pick off 2024 rivals [INSIGHT]  President Biden reportedly took Milley’s advice not to order the balloon shot down. During the briefing at the Pentagon on Thursday, officials withheld the aircraft’s current location, but the balloon was spotted in Montana earlier this week. An unnamed defence official said: “There have been reports of pilots seeing this thing even though it's pretty high up in the sky. “So you know, it's, it's sizable.”  