King Charles is under pressure to decide on whether his son Prince Harry will receive an invite to the Coronation as a royal expert has claimed he is “going to have to make a decision very soon”. The Daily Express’ royal correspondent Richard Palmer said he would be “surprised” if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not receive an invite but added that the decision is “ultimately down to the Government”.  Speaking to Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: “I’m going to be surprised if they don’t get an invitation. “Ultimately it is down to the government so Rishi Sunak and his fellow ministers who are going to have to explain who has been invited and who hasn’t been invited and why.” Speaking later about when an invitation could be sent through, Mr Palmer said the Prime Minister will “have to bite the bullet” sooner or later. He said: “It is imminent though as invitations will be going out really soon they are going to have to bite the bullet and make a decision very soon.” The royal expert’s comments come after Charles yesterday issued an accidentally brutal reply when asked if he can bring Harry back to the UK. The King was greeted with cheers and applause as he visited students at the University of East London's Stratford campus in east London for their 125th anniversary. While at the campus, His Majesty unveiled a plaque and opened its new hospital and primary care training hub.  However, while he was greeting some students and other wellwishers, one man shouted: “Bring back Harry please, can you please bring him back please, Sir?” In response, clearly not having heard who the man was talking about, shouted back: “Who?” The man replied: “Harry, your son” to which Charles nervously retorted: “It would be nice” before moving on. Debate over whether Prince Harry should attend the Coronation has ensued after the King’s son openly criticised the Royal Family in his memoir Spare released last month. Invitations for the 90-minute service at Westminster Abbey are expected to be sent out this month. A source told The Sun: “They will definitely be invited, and we are working on the assumption that they will come.” The King’s Coronation is set to draw eyes from across the globe for three glorious days of celebrations beginning on May 6.