British boxers Felix Cash and Craig Richards have been added to the Anthony Joshua vs Jermaine Franklin undercard on April 1. Both men will compete in title fights against solid opposition. Cash takes on European middleweight champion Matteo Signani for the coveted EBU strap while Richards squares off against Latvia’s Ricards Bolotniks in a WBA inter-continental light heavyweight title clash for a stronger ranking with the major sanctioning body. Richards recently lost out to domestic rival Joshua Buatsi and will begin his rebuild by facing serial upsetter Bolotniks, who holds wins over fellow Brits Steven Ward and Hosea Burton. "I’m expecting a great fight with Bolotniks," said Richards. "He is a good fighter and a lot of people know that which will allow me to showcase how good of a fighter I am. I’m excited to be on this card, it’s ironic it’s the return of Joshua because I feel like it’s my return too. A win against Bolotniks puts me heavily in the mix with the big boys and looking to push on to big things." Cash, meanwhile, is back in action after a tough 2022. He is hoping to add the European title to his collection which already includes British and Commonwealth honours. A win against Signani is expected to lead to a grudge match with American Austin ‘Ammo’ Williams. "2022 was a tough one for me personally but I’m determined to make this my year," said Cash. "In 2023 I’m coming for all the belts and want the biggest fights possible, starting with the European Title at The O2. The work I’ve been putting in the gym with Tony Sims has been fantastic and I’ve never felt better, come April 1 everyone is going to see that I’m the real deal." MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul forced to face off with Chisora as Fury nowhere to be seen Chalmers teases big two-fight showcase with Paul after Mayweather bout Ngannou studying Fury fights as ex-UFC star hints he's started camp More undercard fights are expected to be added in the coming weeks with promoter Eddie Hearn teasing the inclusion of British heavyweight champion Fabio Wardley and undisputed light-welterweight queen Chantelle Cameron. He said: “We’re looking potentially at the inclusion of Fabio Wardley defending his British heavyweight title on that card which I feel would be the perfect slot for him, obviously another big heavyweight, exciting young heavyweight, he’s boxed there several times before. Potentially Chantelle Cameron could defend undisputed titles on that card as well… and a whole host of 258 [Management] fighters on there as well.” 