South Africa's footballing hero Siphiwe Tshabalala is the very definition of 'the street's won't forget' as his entire career has been defined by one moment of sheer brilliance. As the sounds of vuvuzelas threatened to perforate your eardrums through your television sound system, the now 38-year-old cranked up the deafening decibel levels inside the FNB Stadium in Johannesburg back in June 2010 to kickstart the Bafana Bafana's World Cup party. Racing onto a defence-splitting through ball, the rapid Kaizer Chiefs attacker took one touch and unleashed a left-footed rocket that flew into the Mexico net to officially mark the start of an unforgettable tournament. Still to this very day - some 12-and-a-half years on - Tshabalala is a name that carries huge weight and a special legacy having scored arguably one of the most iconic World Cup goals of all-time. "Goal for South Africa, goal for all Africa!" Those were the words roared by an ecstatic Peter Drury, whose unique commentary has also lived long in the memory. The line remains one of Drury's finest pieces of football poetry. Tshabalala also delivered a box-office celebration to match alongside his South Africa team-mates, as they danced together on the touchline before Rafael Marquez spoiled the party with a 79th-minute leveller. READ MORE: Anzhi Makhachkala used to be world's richest club and beat Liverpool but now don't exist The hosts were eventually dumped out of the competition in the group stages despite finishing level on points with second-place Mexico and above heavily-backed France. Yet nothing would ever take away the raw emotion and joy of Tshabalala's stunning opener, that is still recognised as one of best moments of South Africa 2010 alongside Andres Iniesta's extra-time winner for Spain in the final against Holland. In truth, those outside of South Africa are probably only solely aware of Tshabalala's existence due to his mesmerising finish and what many don't know is the player actually came close to moving to England - not once but twice. In the years that followed the tournament, Crystal Palace were among those interested in acquiring his services as they invited Tshabalala to south London for a trial, where he would train alongside international team-mate Kagisho Dikgacoi. But despite giving it his all, the transfer never materialised for the winger, who has since opened up on his experience during a podcast with close friend Dikgacoi. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourAnzhi Makhachkala used to be world's richest club and beat Liverpool but now don't exist "Mentally I was prepared for it [the trial]. I knew I was going to a different environment and the weather is ten times colder compared to South Africa," Tshabalala said in 2020 during an Instagram discussion called Diski Journey. "But when it comes to the weather, I did not struggle that much, even though I had my gloves on, long tights and everything. "And I must say le wena [even yourself] you made my stay turn out to be great, I did not struggle. I was well looked after. "I had a great time training with the lads, and I felt good and I am happy you were there, you saw everything and how the guys were behaving towards me." Dikgacoi couldn't help but chuckle as he recalled Wilfried Zaha mocking Tshabalala's thermals and layers as he braved the cold on the training pitch - something that was also noticed by Mile Jedinak. "I remember Wilfried Zaha, who is still at Palace and used to the weather that side, would ask me, what's happening with your friend, why does he have those long tights underneath and it’s not even that cold," Dikgacoi added. "And even I would look at you and feel sorry for you. But one of the things that people don't know, I don't know if they spoke much about it or if you told people about how the trial went on like. "But I must say I was very impressed, and it was unfortunate that things didn't go well." Jedinak, who was watching the discussion, soon chimed in with another jokey comment: "We should've signed him [Tshabalala]; I remember the full bodysuits and that cap." Kaizer Chiefs allegedly blocked the transfer as they were asking for too much money during talks with Palace. But Tshabalala's English football dream was not over yet as he also went on trial with Nottingham Forest. The Bafana Bafana starlet felt he was popular amongst the squad as he recalled the Forest players fighting it out over who could give him a lift back to his accommodation. Sadly, it was the same story, the move failed to materialise. Tshabalala continued: "I also had a great time there [at Nottingham], I was well received. "You know the captain also came and asked when I was signing. "After the second session, the guys were fighting about who would give me a lift to the hotel. It ended up being a convoy and about five cars drove to drop me off at the hotel. I stayed there for four days and the same old story, contract, you wait and wait." Tshabalala remained loyal to Kaiser Chiefs where he spent 11 years between 2007 and 2018 before eventually moving to Erzurumspor F.K in Turkey shortly after calling time on his international career with South African in 2017. While there was no happy ending in the Premier League or Championship, Tshabalala will always have that special goal against Mexico...