Elvis Presley was with Priscilla Presley (née Beaulieu) for years before they eventually tied the knot. On May 1, 1967, the young lovers left Graceland and took a secret flight to Las Vegas where they stood in front of their closest friends and family and got hitched at the Aladdin Hotel. On this day, February 1 - exactly nine months after the wedding - their only child was born, Lisa Marie Presley. Today would have been Lisa Marie's 55th birthday. The young star died in January, 2023, after suffering a cardiac arrest. She was survived by her three children. While Lisa Marie's birth was a joyous event for Elvis and Priscilla, their relationship completely changed as soon as she arrived. Elvis told his wife that he would no longer be able to have sex with her. Priscilla recalled in her memoir, Elvis and Me: "[Elvis] had mentioned to me before we were married that he had never been able to make love to a woman who had a child." As predicted, after Lisa Marie arrived, Elvis had a "hard time" seeing his wife as anything other than a mother. Sadly, it affected how Priscilla saw herself. "I [was] beginning to doubt my own sexuality as a woman,” she wrote. "My physical and emotional needs were unfulfilled." The King's longtime friend, Sonny West, backed up these claims, saying Elvis looked elsewhere to fulfil his needs. He said: "It didn’t come easy for Elvis to be a committed husband. Elvis viewed her as a mother first and a wife second, and he had hang-ups about making love with her." DON'T MISS:Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [NEWS]Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death [INFO]Lisa Marie Presley gave Freddie Mercury a piece of Elvis history [INSIGHT]  Sonny also noted how it was Elvis' relationship with his late mother, Gladys Presley, who shaped his relationships with women going forward. "[Gladys] gave him so much love and attention when he was growing up that he came to put all mothers on a special pedestal,” West said. "The idea of sex with a mother was, to Elvis, out of the question." This was a drastic change for the couple. Priscilla described their sex life after getting married as "passionate" and "full of adventure". "Ordinary thrills sometimes were not enough [for Elvis],” she once described. "Especially when he was under the influence of powerful drugs." After Lisa Marie arrived, however, Elvis spent time with other women. And Priscilla reacted as one might expect. She had a short fling with her dance instructor, as well as a fully-fledged affair with her karate teacher Mike Stone. After six years, Priscilla and Elvis split up. They finalised their divorce in 1973 - but they left things very amicable. When they left the courthouse after splitting up, Elvis crooned the lyrics to Dolly Parton's I Will Always Love You. SOURCE