Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho has gone on a social media liking spree after Wednesday night’s 2-2 draw with Leeds. The Argentine appears to be unhappy with Erik ten Hag in the aftermath of the contest. It was a frustrating night for the 18-year-old and his team-mates, who can consider the game two points dropped rather than one earned. United saw their hopes of finishing in the top four as Leeds held them to a draw at Old Trafford on Wednesday night. Wilfried Gnonto put the visitors ahead, striking the ball hard and low to beat David De Gea at his near post. And a Raphael Varane own goal then sent Leeds into dreamland, with the away side daring to dream of an unlikely victory. Fortunately for United, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho struck to earn the Red Devils a draw and spare their blushes in the process. But it was still a frustrating night at the office regardless, with Garnacho failing to make the most of his opportunity having started in the absence of Antony. And, on social media after the game, the teenager couldn’t hide his frustration. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The United star liked a tweet, which he has since un-liked, that was critical of several Ten Hag decisions on the night. User @94_zeeshan said: “1. Rashford either plays up front or LW - playing him RW cost us today. “2. Our midfield depth is a joke - we ended up with Fred and Lindelof in midfield. “3. Garnacho not ready to be a starter. 4. Sancho looked great - should start against next game. 5. Fred had an absolute shocker.” And that wasn’t the only message Garnacho interacted with on the social media website amid his anger. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The United star also liked a post from @_Kwame_Jnr that read: “Garnacho is not fit to start premier league games. I’ve seen enough.” Garnacho seems to be unhappy with Ten Hag’s decision to inadvertently make him a scapegoat for the game. By liking a post that leads on the point about Rashford, he also apparently agrees with the assessment the 25-year-old should stay on the left wing. And he also potentially feels his club should sign more midfielders, having used Fred and Victor Lindelof there at the end of the game. Garnacho will have to do better himself when United face Leeds in the reverse fixture on Sunday (2pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Ten Hag, speaking after the draw last night, urged his players to be more clinical in front of goal. “You can say we won a point because when you are in a derby and come back from 2-0 down it is good,” he said. “But on the other hand when you start a derby as we did it’s unacceptable. You have to be ready to fight and we weren’t ready for the battle. “We created great chances. Garnacho twice. Sabitzer. The header of Raphael. At half-time, we had to equalise. “In the last 20 minutes when it was 2-2, we created so many chances but the finishing was not always that good. We have to be more clinical.” Ten Hag did, however, praise Sancho for his contribution off the bench. "I'm very happy,” he said of the 22-year-old’s display. “He's on the way back. We know he is a magnificent football player. "He can definitely for our team be a big impact. Tonight he had, but we know he can be a consistent impact. “He has to work very hard, we all do, and in this moment he is in a good mood. "I think it will strengthen him, motivate him to even give more, then you'll get more. It's a brilliant footballer, and that second goal I really enjoyed it, and especially for him."