Savers have benefited from the Bank of England’s decision to raise the base rate 10 consecutive times in a row in the past year. While homeowners and people in debt have been straddled with hikes to their repayments, savings accounts have benefited from the central bank’s interventions when it comes to interest rates. As it stands, the base rate is at four percent and this has been partially passed down to the customers of high street banks and building societies. Savings experts have shared what the top interest rates are currently on offer for the week beginning February 13, 2023. Notably, Money.co.uk has provided a thorough full list of the best savings accounts from some of the country’s top banks and building societies. It should be noted that the listed accounts excluded deals for existing customers, children’s savings accounts and local area restrictions. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance This means that following easy-access savings accounts, notice savings accounts, fixed-rate bonds and cash ISAs are ideal for new customers. Here is a full list of Money.co.uk’s best savings accounts for this week: Yorkshire Building Society - Online Rainy Day Account Issue 2 - Interest rate of 3.35 percent. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing  Lucinda O’Brien, Money.co.uk’s resident savings expert, shared why people need to shop around for the best rate. She explained: “Interest rates are remaining consistent with what we’ve been seeing for the past few weeks, but there is good news for anyone seeking a way to save money tax-free. “The cash ISA is having a resurgence, as some of its rates are reaching more than four percent if you are prepared to lock away your money for a period of time. “Alternatively, Newcastle Building Society Triple Access ISA (Issue 4) is an easy access ISA and it has a competitive interest rate of 3.05 percent and a minimum deposit of £1 - but this rate will decrease if you make more than three withdrawals per year.”