Obviously, they’ll want to come – Meghan in particular. The connection with our Royal Family is the only thing keeping fuel in their tank. They don’t have another source of energy to power their breathtakingly expensive lifestyle out there on the California coast.   Harry is this week reported to be “in a predicament” over whether or not to come on May 6. I sense he still has a foot in both camps – father and brother on one side, and his wife on the other. This, by the way, I believe is a fundamental divide in loyalties which will one day come back to haunt Harry’s marriage. Harry knows that May 6 will be “pretty much the most important day” of his father’s life, and he genuinely wants to be at Charles’s side – but he and Meghan have said so many appalling things about the Windsors over the last couple of years that the rift between them could hardly be any deeper. And the day of the Coronation happens to be the Sussexes’ son Archie’s fourth birthday, so that adds another soupçon of complication. The latest word from the Palace is that they WILL be invited. That does our King credit. It shows him as a large-minded, forgiving soul who can take the wider view. But the watching world may not be quite so understanding. Last week’s takedown of Prince Harry and Meghan by the satirical US cartoon series South Park was brutal, cringe-making and – in the opinion of many – not just spot-on but well overdue. And off the back of fresh American opinion polls showing that nearly half of respondents are heartily sick of the pair, South Park had a lookalike couple appearing on a TV talk show waving banners saying “We Want Privacy” and “Stop Looking At Us”. A “Harry” figure was portrayed plugging his autobiography – not Spare, the real-life version – but WAAAGH, a pointed spoof. As one US TV critic wrote: “If you’ve lost South Park... well... you’ve lost.” I’m starting to wonder if Harry and Meghan’s very own Coronation Street episode will turn out to be a cul-de-sac.  I don’t think my parents’ generation worried at all about dementia, and I’m absolutely certain that my grandparents’ generation didn’t. It simply wasn’t on their radar. Old age, to those born close to the beginning of the 20th century, was largely a matter of physical infirmity. Poor circulation, wobbly knees, dimming sight and failing hearing. I suppose that was largely because life expectancy generally was so much lower than it is now. Most people simply didn’t live long enough to succumb to diseases such as Alzheimer’s. Obviously, some did but dementia simply wasn’t the great fear and plague of old age it has become today. We understand more and more about causes and ways to delay the condition but it is its apparent randomness that’s so plain disturbing. Just look this week at the contrast between Hollywood superstars Bruce Willis and Michael Douglas. Willis, 67, now in permanent retreat after a diagnosis of aphasia, one of the cruellest forms of dementia. And Douglas, 78, crisply stepping out at the premiere of his new movie, with his 53-year-old wife Catherine Zeta-Jones on his arm. Such a contrast. So random. We must strain every sinew to find a cure for this horrible disease.  For as long as I can remember I’ve needed more sleep in the depths of winter. Until now I thought it was maybe just me, but fascinating new research has revealed that humans instinctively hanker to hibernate. We may not be able to slow down our metabolism as effectively as bears or hedgehogs, but apparently, our instinct is to try. Scientists in Berlin have dug up a long-lost British report on Russian peasants in 1900. At the first snowfall, they lay down by the stoves in their huts and basically dozed until spring. Sounds like bliss to me. 