A "cold-blooded" criminal who killed a vulnerable older woman, stole her money, and concealed her body in a cemetery for 15 months has been sentenced to at least 35 years in prison.  Serkan Kaygusuz, a 42-year-old former supermarket employee, made friends with Norma Girolami, 70, at a nearby swimming pool, and used her generosity to obtain about £300,000. The Old Bailey was informed that after Ms Girolami shut off the "money tap," he set out to kill her, hide the body, and take whatever money was left over. The defendant squandered her money on a luxurious lifestyle that was much beyond his means while claiming unemployment benefits and living with his parents in Crouch End, north London. He frequented sex workers and had a £20,000 automobile, designer clothing, and a new gaming console. While hoarding over £120,000 in the bank, he reportedly travelled to Turkey for cosmetic operations on his nose, teeth, and hair, according to the police. After just 19 minutes of deliberation, the jury found Mr Kaygusuz guilty of murdering Ms Girolami in her Highgate home. He declined to give evidence during the trial. He had previously admitted to tampering with the process of justice, stealing the victim's jewellery, emptying her bank account, and making fictitious loan applications for £60,000 in her name. Judge Philip Katz KC sentenced Kaygusuz to life in prison with a minimum of 35 years on Wednesday. Ms Girolami was described by the judge as "kind" and "overly generous." When they initially met, the defendant made a sexual approach towards her in a hot tub at a nearby spa that was "deliberate and sleazy rather than accidental", he said. The defendant's actions were "utterly selfish" and "motivated by greed," according to Judge Katz. He said: "Only you know how Norma Girolami died and you have chosen not to tell anyone. This was a premeditated, planned and cruel murder. "In every imaginable way, this was a terrible betrayal of trust." He went on to say that the defendant's "callous disrespect" for his victim and her loved ones showed a complete lack of remorse. Ms. Girolami's cousin Pia Graham called Kaygusuz a "cold-blooded killer" in a victim impact statement. She said: "You, Serkan, have taken away something beautiful from the world, a unique, benevolent, kind and lovely person. "You cruelly betrayed her love and trust, took advantage of her generosity and systematically stripped her of everything she had. "There came a point in 2021 when there was no more giving from Norma. You got greedy and set about your calculated plan to kill her." READ MORE: Man's horror as brazen armed gang steal his motorbike in front of him When describing the effects Ms Girolami's "vanishing" had on the family, Ms Graham called Kaygusuz's conduct "dishonest, disgraceful and indefensible". She added: "You believed you could make her disappear - how very wrong you were." The defendant was previously found guilty of voyeurism in 2016 after repeatedly photographing nude women in changing rooms at a gym and leisure centre. He also had a conviction for theft and battery of a former girlfriend, then aged 17, who he followed on her way to college and grabbed by the hair. For those offences, he received a community order and was still under a sexual harm prevention order at the time of the murder. The court previously heard about how Ms Girolami was the target of the conceited and arrogant Kaygusuz in 2017 when they first met at a swimming pool in north London's Archway. Although their sexual relationship was brief, he continued to make more and more demands for money. The "parasitic" defendant allegedly planned to murder the woman in May 2021 after she refused to give him more money, according to evidence presented in court. He conducted a number of "sinister searches" online for things like caustic soda, hydrochloric acid, garden equipment, "deed for property transfer" and "will and testament". He bought rope, a "soft ball full mesh mouth plug with adjustable belt" for restraint, handcuffs, gloves, plastic overalls, tape, and a spading fork tool. Ms Girolami vanished on August 19, 2021, while travelling from her home in north London to Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, on a day trip. READ MORE:Son 'stabbed mum, hugged her and then left her bleeding to death' [REPORT]  BBC turning Agatha Christie classic into two-part TV thriller [REPORT]  Car theft is 'rising very steeply' with worst yet to come [REPORT]  After her disappearance, Kaygusuz pretended to her friends that she was still alive. Ms Girolami's remains were discovered in a grave in St James's Churchyard in Barnet, 15 months after she went missing. She had rib fractures, bruising, and blunt force injuries to the chest consistent with "third-party assault," according to a post-mortem examination, even if the cause of death was "unascertained." As the net closed on Kaygusuz, he changed his name and started to look for a fresh life in Canada. In testimony, Ms Giromali's close friend Linda Crystallis described her as a gregarious, fun-loving, and kind but overly generous woman, who had previously experienced abusive relationships. She told jurors: "Serkan had taken six-figure sums from her and I asked her if she could stop giving him money and she said that she could not. "I asked her if she was afraid of him and she said yes because he wanted that money and she was frightened if she said no. I imagined she was frightened of him being violent." READ NEXT:Londoners terrorised by ‘flasher’ that ‘sticks penis in letterboxes’Nicola Bulley expert diver 'baffled' by discovery of her bodySuspected LA bishop killer claims David O'Connell 'owed him money'Teenager 'raped in early morning attack' while walking through city Mum's last words to son, 17, hours before he was stabbed to death