A serial killer-obsessed mother has been accused of "giggling" as she stood over her boyfriend's body after stabbing him 22 times. Shaye Groves, 27, faces life behind bars for stabbing her boyfriend and father-of-two Frankie Fitzgerald in his sleep at her home in Havant, Hampshire. At Winchester Crown Court, a jury found Groves guilty of murder after deliberating for nearly 18 hours. Groves, who will be sentenced on Wednesday, was seen smiling during the verdict. The frenzied knife attack was driven by "jealously" according to the prosecution, after Groves found out Fitzgerald was messaging a 13-year-old girl. Groves, who was obsessed with the true crime genre, even had framed photos of serial killers including Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer on her wall. Other framed photos included Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe, Moors Murderer Myra Hindley, and serial killer Rose West. JUST IN: Nicola Bulley’s last text message laid bare  She collected books about gangsters, including the notorious prisoner Charles Bronson, and was a fan of true crime documentaries. The court heard Groves had a collection of knives and Viking axes in her bedroom. Groves even used tips from true crime documentaries to plan her alibi, according to the prosecution. The 27-year-old had initially claimed she killed her partner in self-defence and had grabbed the dagger by mistake during a heated row. The prosecutor said Groves had edited videos of the pair having sex to appear as rape in a bid to portray herself as a victim of sexual violence.  However, the prosecution said the original footage showed that the sex was consensual. During the five-week court case, jurors found out that the 27-year-old giggled during a call with a friend after the murder took place. Jurors were told that during the video call, Groves showed her friend, Vikki Baitup, the bloodied body of Fitzgerald and said: "I've done him." DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley could have gone 'off-grid', says missing persons expert [INSIGHT]CCTV shows horrific moment driver ploughs into crowd outside pub [VIDEO]Siberian snow storm set to engulf whole UK by March [FORECAST]  Discussing the chilling call, Steven Perian KC, prosecuting, said: "The defendant went to the bedroom three times and showed the body of Frankie Fitzgerald covered in a duvet. "She said they were lying in bed together and Frankie Fitzgerald was asleep. "The defendant was going through his messages and saw he had been talking to a 13-year-old girl and while Mr Fitzgerald was asleep, she put a dagger in his throat waking him up. "He moved and they started fighting. The killing of Frankie Fitzgerald is very likely to be a crime of passion driven by her jealousy." 