The central bank has continually hiked the base rate over the past year in efforts to tackle soaring inflation. A savings expert has urged savers to shop around to make sure they are getting the best rate. Moheen Ahmed, partner of Hoxton Capital Management, told Express.co.uk: “Savings and fixed-interest accounts have become much more lucrative. “Every time an interest rate changes, look for new rates offered in different accounts. Your provider would not usually increase your interest rate in your existing account so you would need to open a new one to get the better rate even if it is with the same provider. “Do not fall for the loyalty trap. There are a few providers, mostly in the phoneline and broadband space, that will put you at a much higher rate after your new customer deals are done. “Do your research and see which is the best deal, or call your provider and say you wish to leave. They might give you a better deal then.” READ MORE: Thousands to get £50 payment towards heating bills over coming weeks At the time of writing, there are three easy access savings accounts which offer the top rate, at 3.05 percent. These are:  Savers can get three percent interest with Monmouthshire Building Society’s Premium Instant Account - Issue 3. Inflation peaked at just over 11 percent in November last year with many analysts predicting the rate of inflation will continue to fall. Mr Ahmed explained what this could mean for interest rates, saying: “The central bank dropped its pledge to keep increasing rates 'forcefully' if needed and said inflation had probably peaked. “It suggests that although the rate might increase, we are near or at the peak of the increase. Increasing interest rates is a reaction to inflationary pressures. If we see inflation reduce month-to-month, there is a good chance that interest rates will be revisited.” READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw He said people with mortgages may also want to plan ahead as interest rates continue to change. He said: “If you are close to remortgaging, it would be good to overpay while you are still benefiting from a lower interest rate if affordable. “If you prefer to have a fixed-term interest rate, you could consider a three or five-year fixed interest rate as by the time it ends, the economic situation would be greatly different.” The financial expert also said people should think about their tax allowances to make the most out of their savings and investments. He explained: “If possible, utilise all tax allowances available regarding pensions, dividends and capital gains. “Recent legislative changes to allowances indicate that the opportunities you have now might not be there the next year, so it is better to be proactive rather than reactive in this scenario.” In the Autumn Statement last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced the allowance for capital gains tax exemption threshold would be reduced from £12,300 to £6,000 with the new tax year in April. This will be slashed again to £3,000 next April, meaning thousands of Britons will be hit by the tax for the first time.