The BBC has been forced to apologize after an image of Viola Davis from January’s Golden Globes was shown on its news channel with a headline identifying the Oscar winner as Beyoncé. BBC News’ rolling coverage of the Grammys included a few seconds period when the image of Davis was matched with the caption “Beyoncé’s Big Night,” before the segment moved on to the next image. BBC News has in the past hour apologized via a Twitter statement and said the error “fell below the BBC’s usual standards.” “We apologise for the mistake last night when our news channels briefly showed a photograph of Viola Davis from January’s Golden Globes alongside a headline about Beyoncé at yesterday’s Grammys,” said the statement. One BBC journalist, however, pointed out on Twitter that the error came as part of a “sequence about the other Grammy winners,” which is why it had indicated “Beyoncé’s big night.” He denied the Oscar-winning Doubt and Widows star had been misidentified. This isn’t the first time the BBC has had to apologize for misidentifying someone. The broadcaster mistakenly mixed up Black Labour Party MPs Marsha de Cordova and Dawn Butler in 2020, which led Butler to chide the BBC for lacking diversity in the workplace. Davis was nominated for The Woman King at January’s Golden Globes but last night became the 18th EGOT after winning the Grammy for Best Audiobook for her recording of memoir Finding Me. Meanwhile, in winning her 32nd Grammy with album Renaissance for Best Dance/Electronic Album, Beyoncé made history, beating Hungarian-British conductor George Solti’s plus-20-year record. "I'm trying not to be too emotional," said the star, accepting her prize. She went on to thank her family, including her late uncle Jonny, who helped make her stage outfits before she became famous. Beyoncé has previously said his battle with HIV influenced her interest in dance music, and its historical ties to the LGBTQ community, on Renaissance. Overall, Beyoncé won four prizes at the ceremony - but missed some of the early presentations after getting stuck in gridlocked downtown Los Angeles. "I'm surprised traffic could stop you," joked host Trevor Noah. "I thought you travelled through space and time." Despite her success, Beyoncé was again locked out of the coveted album of the year award. She has now lost the prize four times, most notably in 2017 when her confessional masterpiece Lemonade was beaten by Adele's 25. At the time, Adele used her acceptance speech to say Beyoncé was the more deserving winner (although she held on to the trophy). This year, Harry Styles won the ceremony, with Grammy voters recognising the radio-friendly pop of his third record Harry's House.