Fleetwood Mac vocalist and keyboardist Christine McVie died on November 30, 2022 at 79, following a short illness. Upon the sudden news of her death, Mick Fleetwood and other band members paid tribute to the music legend. The drummer wrote on social media: “This is a day where my dear sweet Friend Christine McVie has taken to flight... and left us earthbound folks to listen with bated breath to the sounds of that ‘song bird’ ... reminding one and all that love is all around us to reach for and touch in this precious life that is gifted to us. Part of my heart has flown away today. I will miss everything about you Christine McVie. Memories abound.. they fly to me.” Fleetwood Mac haven’t performed together live since November 20, 2019 and guitarist Lindsey Buckingham hasn’t since being fired from the band in 2018. Nevertheless, in the time since Mick asserted that the band hadn’t broken up and he wanted a “classy” farewell”. The drummer previously told The Times, "We are still a band. We have not broken up. And here we are. I hope we can do something with dignity, that will make sense for all of us, and the will to go forward is there. In the story of Fleetwood Mac, the last tour was not meant to be the last tour. If that became clear — and it could — I would hope to find a classy way to say goodbye. Because one thing we’ve all learnt with Fleetwood Mac is that there are no absolutes at all.” He also mentioned how he’d enjoyed speaking with Buckingham and that “strange things can happen” in relation to him returning to the band. However, with the death of McVie, Mick now has a very different perspective on Fleetwood Mac’s future. READ MORE: Stevie Nicks' agony not seeing Christine McVie before her death Speaking with the LA Times at the Grammy Awards last night, Mick said: “I think right now, I truly think the line in the sand has been drawn with the loss of Chris. I’d say we’re done, but then we’ve all said that before. It’s sort of unthinkable right now. They all get out and play, so I’m gonna be doing the same thing, finding people to play with.” He added jokingly: “Anyone out there?” As he said, they have said they’re done in the past, but maybe McVie’s death will actually be a chance to bring them all together in some sort of tribute to her. SOURCE