The ex-EastEnders actress appeared on Dancing On Ice in 2010 but as the show is back on air, she has been called upon to offer her take as an insider. Daniella explained she felt some celebs had an "unfair" advantage as they had already skated with their professional partner. The former soap star, 49, hinted on her series it wasn’t a fair playing field but insisted there was no "animosity" between those who had previous skating experience. Daniella told The Daily Star: "A few people on the show had been skating and knew their partners for quite a long time, in my series.” She also hinted the casting for the show had left some contestants longer to prepare, with some even taking private training ahead of the show, something which she admits she didn’t have time to do. She added: “They [ITV] can't stop people from having training if they know they've definitely got the job.  "If I had known that, I would have got a lot more time on the ice if I could but I still did it to the best of my ability. "There was no animosity with anyone on there, we all had a really good time." The soap star refused to directly address whether it was fair some contestants had previous skating experience but said it was equivalent of her appearing on Strictly Come Dancing and having previously attended Sylvia Young Dance school in her teens. "When you are an actor, you do have dancing and training abilities so it's only natural some kids grow up learning to skate, so they could skate a lot better than we could," Daniella remarked. But Daniella admits she loved taking on different roles to tell a story each week and let slip she wasn’t ready to let go of her new alter-egos outfits. She added: "I've got all of my outfits from Dancing On Ice, they let me keep them all. "I shouldn't really say that as you're not meant to do that." Daniella recalls she transformed into Sandy from Grease for one of her performances but will perhaps best be remembered for donning a sexy secretary outfit and taking an office chair for a spin on the ice.  As this year’s contestants get to grips with their moves on the ice, Daniella has opted for warmer climbs as she heads to Turkey for facial reconstruction surgery. The former actress, who turns 50 this year, told how she wants to transform her looks ahead of her milestone birthday. Daniella has spoken publicly about her face which she had reconstructed after her septum collapsed from drug abuse in 2002. Speaking at a film premiere she told The Sun she was "nervous" adding: “I’m excited because it’s been five or six years of waiting now. It’s about time."  Meanwhile, series 15 of  Dancing On Ice stars Daniella’s ex-Eastenders co-star Patsy Palmer and her partner Matt Evers. They amassed 24.5 from the judges' scores performing Black Lace’s iconic Time Warp with Patsy in floods of tears after taking to the rink. They failed to impress the judges, securing a second-bottom place in the leaderboard. Ekin-Su landed in the lowest spot with a disco classic Carwash but failed to make the mark in the skate-off and have now exited the competition. Dancing on Ice airs on ITV1 and ITVX.