A US Senator has issued a shocking warning after attending a congressional meeting about Chinese spy balloons. Louisiana Republican John Kennedy told reporters on Capitol Hill that unknown objects entering America's airspace is not a new occurrence.  Senator Kennedy said: "This has been going on for a long, long, long time. "At least 2017, and last week we were told 2019, that's what I took away from it today." He ominously added: "So, lock your doors tonight." The remarks came after unknown objects were shot down over Alaska, Canada, Michigan and South Carolina. JUST IN: 'Loved by everyone': What we know so far about Michigan State University shooting victims   Despite commenting after the congressional meeting, many Senators refused to provide any details about what was discussed. Others have ramped up pressure on US President Joe Biden to be more transparent about the spate of spy balloon sightings. North Dakota's Grand Old Party Senator Kevin Cramer said: "Perhaps he [Biden] could but I don’t know that that’s necessary just yet." Cramer also suggested failing to release more information could frighten Americans. Senate Majority leader Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York, revealed: "They made it clear that there is no physical harm to Americans on the ground. No one has to worry about that." Echoing his boss, Connecticut's Richard Blumenthal added: "I am not in any way afraid that we are under a threat of attack or physical harm to our homeland." The Biden administration recently rejected suggestions balloon sightings could be extraterrestrial. White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said: "There is no indication of aliens." DON'T MISS 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall[REPORT] She also joked: "I loved ET the movie but I am just going to leave it there." The US recovered a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the coast of South Carolina on February 4 amid a significant deterioration of Sino-American relations. Beijing has denied the balloon was a spy vessel and instead claimed US balloons flew over its airspace on more than 10 occasions over the past year. Pentagon officials rejected the allegation and said there is "no US surveillance or aircraft in Chinese airspace". Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews