Arsenal are reportedly keeping tabs on Chelsea outcast Callum Hudson-Odoi with a potential move in the pipeline this summer. Todd Boehly's relentless transfer spree at Stamford Bridge is sure to see a wave of stars auctioned off at the end of the season, and Gunners sporting director Edu may be in a prime position to capitalise. Hudson-Odoi was hot property after making his first-team debut with Chelsea as a 17-year-old. The technical winger racked up three England caps while still in his teens and the Blues handed him a bumper contract to fend off interest from Bayern Munich in 2020. Just when supporters expected his progress to speed up, however, Hudson-Odoi's exploits slowed down and he gradually became a peripheral figure at Stamford Bridge. So much so, in fact, that Boehly agreed to send him on loan to Bayer Leverkusen for the 2022/23 season. The fact that Chelsea fought against the inclusion of a permanent buy option suggests that he could still have a future with the club, but the winter arrivals of Noni Madueke and Mykhaylo Mudryk could make his route into the Blues' first team extremely difficult. MUST READ: Four options to replace Jesse Marsch at Leeds with Elland Road cheifs 'considering sack' The likes of Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic are already struggling for minutes under manager Graham Potter. The former was expected to join Paris Saint-Germain this week before his move collapsed at the last minute, and The Guardian claim that Pulisic is among a group of Chelsea stars set to be in the shop window this summer. The same report states that Arsenal are keeping track of Hudson-Odoi's situation in case an opportunity to pounce presents itself. The 22-year-old has notched one assist but is yet to score on loan in the Bundesliga this term. DON'T MISS...Man Utd are still putting eggs in De Jong basket despite Sabitzer dealTottenham axe Doherty before Atletico move due to niche transfer ruleMan Utd 'want three summer signings' as Ten Hag plots more action Arsenal only recently moved to add depth in wide areas by shelling out £27million to sign Leandro Trossard from Brighton. The Belgian has looked bright in his two appearances thus far, although he has a fight on his hands to squeeze past Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli in the pecking order. Reiss Nelson and Emile Smith Rowe are also options for manager Mikel Arteta to call upon, although neither have proven that they can cut the mustard at a title-chasing side. The Gunners are currently leading the race for Premier League glory and could be an appealing place for Hudson-Odoi to take the next step in his career, even if regular minutes wouldn't be guaranteed.  Exactly how the starting XI will look in a year's time at Chelsea remains unknown after a swarm of acquisitions since the start of last summer. Enzo Fernandez and Mudryk are the crown jewels of the winter window, coming in with a combined transfer fee of just under £200m. Despite the mammoth spending and lofty expectations, Potter will supposedly be given time by the Chelsea board to painstakingly construct a winning side, even though their current run of underwhelming results has left them languishing in mid-table.