David Haye’s ‘throuple’ with Una Healy and Sian Osborne could be over. Healy recently scrubbed her social media of any pictures of the pair leading to mass speculation amongst her fans. Just days before Una’s deleting spree Haye had sent Valentine’s Day messages to both women. Uploading a shirtless picture of himself posing with bikini-clad Healy and Osborne, the ex-boxer captioned the post: “Happy Valentine’s Day to the beautiful Queens in my life, making my world a better place to live in!” The trio have been dogged by rumours that they are in a three-way relationship after sharing a series of cosy snaps together from a getaway to Morocco on New Year’s and recently jetted off for another holiday – this time to Costa Rica. Haye has remained fairly tight-lipped on the nature of their relationship but did briefly address the rumours while in attendance for Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith’s grudge match in Manchester last month. "I like to keep my private life private,” he told Pro Boxing Fans. “I let people in through my social media a little bit, but what I do behind closed doors is between me and the girls involved. So yeah, I don’t really want to go into all that.” Meanwhile, comedian Katherine Ryan attempted to get Haye to spill the beans but was met with a similar response. Speaking during an episode of her Tell Everything Podcast, she said: "I had a glass of wine last night, as you do… And I decide this podcast needs a shot in the arm. I need to be spilling the tea. "I have a glass of wine and suddenly I think I'm Stacey f***ing Dooley. I decide I'm going to message David Haye and see if he'll come on the podcast and talk about his 'two queens' and really elaborate on the nature of that relationship. "He was actually very nice, he wrote me back like, 'no, the details of me and the queens are totally under wraps'. He's happy, he's living his best life, and he appears to have two girlfriends. It was Valentine's and he posted, 'very grateful for my two queens'... "I think he's in a throuple! It seems like he's dating both these women, and good for him." This comes after The Sun was told by a close friend of Haye and long-time partner Osborne that they had been searching for a second woman to join their relationship using the discreet dating app Raya. “David and Sian created a profile on Raya to find the perfect partner to enter their relationship,” the source disclosed. “The app is very exclusive and discreet – which was perfect for them exploring their options. “David and Sian were very much in this arrangement together and after being together for two years decided to open their relationship up. The profile was under David’s name and there were photographs of him and Sian together and glamorous photographs of her from around the world. “As part of their profile they said they were ‘seeing what’s out there,’ and said they wanted to try ‘new experiences’. They spoke to a few people before being introduced to Una and they hit it off immediately.”