Continental US saw temperatures plunge to a record low on Friday, with forecasters calling it an "epic, generational" Arctic cold snap. Arctic air drove the wind chill on the summit of Mount Washington, New Hampshire, down to a record-setting low of -78, according to the US National Weather Service. That smashed a previous record there of -74, the Weather Channel said. Topping out at 6,288 feet above sea level, Mount Washington is the highest peak in the northeastern US and is known for having some of the most extreme weather conditions on the planet. The Arctic air reached the region just as a rapid cyclogenesis developed over Canada's rugged Atlantic Coast, churning up powerful winds, meteorologist Donald Dumont at the National Weather Service in Gray, Maine, said Friday, explaining the temperature plunge. A cyclogenesis refers to an intensification of a cyclone or low-pressure storm system. READ MORE: Groundhog Day: Punxsutawney Phil says six more weeks of winter with ‘two more storms' The Mount Washington Observatory at the peak of the Northeast’s highest mountain, famous for its extreme weather conditions, also recorded an actual temperature of minus 47 (minus 44 C), tying an observatory record set in 1934 and a wind gust of 127 mph (204 kmh). Across the rest of the region, wind chills — the combined effect of wind and cold air on exposed skin — dropped to as low as minus 45 to minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 43 to minus 45 C), the National Weather Service reported. Temperatures got so low that authorities in Massachusetts took the unusual step of keeping the South Station transit hub open overnight so homeless people had a safe place to sleep. Several cities in the Northeast set or tied record low temperatures for the date, while the high winds brought down a tree branch on a car in western Massachusetts killing an infant. DON'T MISSUS town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire [REPORT]Video captures chaotic moment Americans use new roundabout [LATEST]Student victim put up 'fierce fight' against Idaho killer [INSIGHT] The 23-year-old driver was taken to the hospital with serious injuries, but the infant died, authorities said. “I can’t remember it being this cold, not since 2015,” said Gin Koo, 36, wrapped up in three shirts and a down jacket, as well as a hat and a hood, as he walked his Boston terrier, Bee, in Boston on Saturday morning. Even Bee, wrapped in a doggie coat, shivered. “I wouldn’t go out if I didn’t have to.” Boston’s Pine Street Inn, the largest provider of homeless services in New England, ramped up outreach to those on the streets, doubling the number of vehicles that could transport people to shelters and opening their lobby to provide extra space. READ MORE: US town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire - more explosions expected “On a night like last night, the biggest concern is the people who have compromised judgment,” President and CEO Lyndia Downie said Saturday of people who have substance use disorder or mental illness. “On these cold nights, they are not thinking at 100 percent of their capacity. Those are the people we are most worried about.” The emergency room at Massachusetts General Hospital treated several people for hypothermia overnight and a couple were admitted for frostbite. “The reason that people unfortunately end up with severe frostbite in most cases is just because they don’t have anywhere warm and safe to go,” said Dr. Ali Raja, deputy chair of the emergency department. In New York’s Adirondack Mountains, Old Forge recorded a temperature early Saturday of minus 36 degrees (minus 38 C) degrees. Temperatures plunged into the negative teens in dozens of other cities and towns. Mackenzie Glasser, owner of Ozzie’s Coffee Bar in Old Forge, said frigid temperatures are just part of living in the Adirondacks. “I even had customers for the first hour that I was open, and I wasn’t expecting that at 7 a.m. So I don’t think it’s keeping too many people away,” she said. The good news is that the cold air is expected to move out of much of the region by Sunday, when temperatures could rise to the 40s.