The Chase players Laura, Jill, Jermaine and Dan had to work together as they took on Monday's Chaser, Shaun Wallace. Working as a team, they had to play strategically to answer Bradley Walsh's questions against the clock and race down the game board to the exit without being caught. Laura was up first, but the player left Bradley gobsmacked when she admitted she wasn't really a quizzer. However, despite her admission, Laura managed to answer four questions correctly in the cashbuilder. When faced with the Dark Destroyer, Shaun gave Laura a low offer of £400 and a high offer of £24,000. Although, she decided to play it safe and play for the £4,000 she had already won. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis Despite almost finishing the round, Laura narrowly missed out on the final after getting the last question wrong. Jill was next in the hot seat and after a tense round, she got three questions right. It was very touch and go for the player, who had chosen to play for Shaun's low offer of £1,000. However, when Jill reached her final question, Bradley thought the answer was obvious. He asked: "Although usually deeper, what is the minimum depth of an Olympic swimming pool? A, two metres, B, three metres, C, four metres." Jill seemed to instantly know the answer, telling Bradley it was two metres. "Deffo," the host replied before turning to Dan and Jermaine to ask their thoughts. "What do you reckon, lads?" he asked as they both replied: "Three." "Three?" Bradley repeated with surprise before he scolded: "You need to get a grip on your lives." DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [THEORY] After Jill was sent through to the final, it was Jermaine's turn to play. After getting three questions right in the cashbuilder, Jermaine also decided to play for Shaun's low offer of £1,000. Despite playing it safe, Jermaine joined Jill in the final, leaving Dan to play against Shaun. Black cab driver Dan sailed through his cash builder after answering six questions correctly, and he even managed to beat Shaun bagging £6,000 for the team.  As the trio faced the final round, they had to answer as many questions correctly within two minutes. Shaun would then have the same amount of time to match the team's number of correct answers. However, the players struggled through their questions and only managed to answer 13 questions right. They were clearly no match for the Dark Destroyer as he smashed through his questions, meaning the trio left with nothing. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.