Tommy Fury missed out on over £80,000 per punch after failing to sign Jake Paul's all-or-nothing contract. TNT could have earned a staggering £124,734 for every punch landed but still took home £42,848 per whack regardless. This is according to data collected by Buzz Casino who also claim that Fury would have pocketed £10,976,621 in total if he had put pen to paper. The Problem Child offered to double Fury’s wage if he won the fight but in the event of the loss, all of his purse was to go to the American. At first, Fury appeared to hesitate in accepting the deal, but his father John obliged on his behalf. When the contract was presented to the ex-Love Island star during a face-to-face interview two days before the fight, Fury passed it to his dad to be given to his lawyers but according to Paul the paperwork never got signed. “Alright get this, so as you guys saw the bet yesterday on stage, Tommy agreed to it, shook my hand on stage. His dad said that they would agree to it, so I signed the contract right in front of them. We sent it over to their lawyers and just as I thought, they have gone silent as a mouse for the last 24 hours," Paul told fans via a video message posted to his social media channels. "They do not want to sign the contract and it just goes to show that they have this false confidence. Put your money where your mouth is, you shook on it like a man and now you guys haven't signed the actual contract to make it official. Soft." Of course, Fury went on to win the long-awaited grudge match via split decision with two judges scoring it in his favour at 76-73 while the third judge sided with Paul at 75-74. Fury remained in relative control throughout the contest, keeping Paul at bay with a sharp jab. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Paul outranks Joshua return as Tyson a clear winner Drake 'at fault' for Jake Paul loss to Tommy Fury Woodley calls out KSI for 'ducking three times' after Brit mocks Paul When Paul began to close the distance and get in on the inside of his adversary’s monster 80-inch reach, Fury smothered the American’s punches with effective clinch work. However, it wasn’t all plain sailing for the Brit who had his fair share of rocky moments, particularly in the eighth round when he was sent tumbling to the canvas by a stiff jab. Fury protested that he had slipped but there was a clear connection from the YouTuber-turned-boxer before the knockdown. The pair are expected to run it back later this year with Paul insisting he will activate the rematch clause following his first defeat in the ring.