Leeds United have reportedly made contact with former Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino over their managerial vacancy. He could become the second Argentinean manager at Elland Road after Marcelo Bielsa. Martino was most recently in charge of Mexico at the World Cup in Qatar but left the job after failing to get out of Group C. He had two years as Argentina boss between 2014 and 2016 after a season at the Nou Camp, where he failed to win any major silverware. The 60-year-old's managerial career started in the late 1990s and the large majority of it has been in South America. His spell at Barca is his only voyage into European football to date. But Argentina outlet TNT Sports claims Leeds have spoken to Martino with the intention of appointing him as Jesse Marsch's successor. Marsch was sacked last Monday and Leeds have missed out on a number of candidates since. READ MORE: Everton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool loss  TNT claims Martino could be 'the new Bielsa' for Leeds. The pair both have a strong connection with Newell's Old Boys. Martino is claimed to prefer to wait until the middle of this year before taking a new job. However, he has not ruled out Leeds' offer, and has also attracted interest from Valencia. Bielsa started his brief playing career at the Argentine club and returned first as a scout, then as a coach. Martino also came through the ranks at Newell's Old Boys, having a 10-year spell between 1980 and 1990, before twice returning in 1991 and 1995. Bielsa coached Martino during the latter's second spell as a player, and was a scout and reserve coach during the majority of his first. Martino also had a spell as manager in 2012/13, where he caught the attention of Barca. DON'T MISSO'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clashEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell'  Leeds have played two games since Marsch's departure, picking up one point from the double header against Manchester United. They face a trip to fellow strugglers Everton on Saturday. Current caretaker boss Michael Skubala is not sure whether he will still be in charge for that game. He said: "I’m not expecting anything at the moment. "I think it's quite clear. I've been quite clear about trying to do the best job I can in the short space of time and set the team up and probably sit down tomorrow with the board and Victor [Orta] and Angus [Kinnear] and co and have a chat but we'll go from tomorrow I think."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here