Princess Beatrice, 34, is a royal who has undergone a huge style transformation over the last 10 years. But recently, royal fans think the Princess of York has been styled to perfection. The mother of one attended the 20:40 Organisation Roundtable, which is a leadership organisation that brings together the next generation of exceptional young talent. The group posted on Instagram: "Last week, 20:40 brought together education change makers to host a roundtable with Big Change and our 20:40 Patron HRH Princess Beatrice York to discuss the purpose of education. "Thank you to Zubair Junjunia FRSA, HRH Princess Beatrice York and Sam Tidswell-Norrish for chairing the event and to all our 20:40 members for such motivating and energising discussions." The royal Princess wore a brand new dress for the occasion, a Maje Paris "Rity Wool-Blend Plaid Dress". READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes  The dress sells for €195, or roughly £172 in British Sterling, and is described as a "trapeze dress in plaid wool blend" with a "Tunisian collar" as well as "long sleeves with pleating detail at top". Beatrice wore the dress with a mounted belt at the waist and a flared-out skirt. The Princess paired her short mini dress with black tights and knee-high black suede boots. The grey, black and white combination worked amazingly with Beatrice's fiery red hair as a nice contrast.  Royal fans loved Princess Beatrice's style and took to social media to praise her look for the occasion. Instagram user @sabrina_hala_ said: "Beautiful for Princess Beatrice." In addition, @rachelhlhannam added: "Bea looks super cute." Also, @ellainthecityboston wrote: "Chic and very cute on Beatrice." READ MORE: Meghan and Sophie 'make strong statements' with fashion - pictures Award-winning milliner Nora de la Quintana spoke to Express.co.uk about Princess Beatrice's style evoltion. She said: 'When Princess Beatrice wore the Philip Treacy hat to William and Kate's wedding in 2011, it was one of the day's most talked about moments, for all the wrong reasons. "Dubbed 'the pretzel hat', the dramatic sculptural style pushed the boundaries too far. "Since then, the Princess has emulated Kate's more traditional style, opting for sleek, elegant shapes that are much more 'on brand' for the Royal Family. "I have loved watching Princess Beatrice evolve into a confident woman who always looks glamorous and sophisticated." In 2019, Princess Beatrice hired Olivia Croucher Buckingham and Lady Emily Compton as her new stylists, and her outfits took a turn for the better. Karine Laudort, a fashion and lifestyle expert told Express.co.uk: "Some attribute the change in style to the Princess getting to know herself better, maybe her style has changed as her life has changed. "For example teenagehood, marriage, children, etc. Her style has changed as she and her life have changed (perhaps why her wardrobe is a bit more refined and elegant now as opposed to some of her more bold, daring looks in previous years.)"  