McLaren star Lando Norris was almost at the centre of a crash with Ferrari's Carlos Sainz during F1 pre-season testing in Bahrain on Friday. He failed to move from the starting grid after the lights had turned to green as drivers practiced their starts. The 23-year-old remained stationary as Sainz nearly crashed into the back of him before hitting the brakes. F1 drivers headed to Sakhir in the week as they prepare for the new F1 season. And they have been testing out their new cars to see how they perform - but there was chaos on the track during a practice start on Friday. “I tell you what, that was dangerous wasn’t it,” exclaimed Sky Sports commentator David Croft as he watched a replay of the incident. Fellow commentator Anthony Davidson replied: “Why didn’t Lando go, to be fair? Maybe Lando was actually too busy trying to sort his own start procedure out and actually wasn’t looking at the lights. “Lewis Hamilton thought ‘I’m out of here.’ It’s like greyhounds, the traps open and away some of them go and others had just stopped to do their own procedure. Well done Lewis for stopping and Carlos for stopping.” READ MORE: Horner and Wolff bust-up to excite F1 fans in Drive to Survive Croft then continued: “The on board I want to see though is from Norris’ car because did it just go into anti-stall?” And after a replay of the near-miss appeared on the commentators’ screens, he added: “He’s put it into first gear. You know what Lando’s treated it as a normal end-of-session [start on the grid]. So he was actually approaching it in the safest way where you let the car in front go before you do your start.” Norris has raced for McLaren for four seasons and finished seventh in the Drivers’ Championship standings last time around following a best-ever sixth-place finish in 2021. And a year ago, the Briton signed a new contract to commit his future to the team until the end of the 2025 season. DON'T MISSMcLaren boss fires 'short-sighted' accusation at Wolff and Horner [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton hopes boosted as Russell offers positive W14 verdict [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff expects Red Bull issues to 'bite them' in Hamilton boost [ANALYSIS]  Norris’ first day of testing in Bahrain came on Thursday. But there were worrying signs for the ace after McLaren chief Zak Brown admitted: “We know we set some goals for development, which we didn't hit, and we felt it was better to be honest about that. “Like everyone, we have a lot of development coming. So we are encouraged by what we see around the corner. I think we will be going into the first race off of our projected targets, but it is hard to really know where that means we will be on the grid.” 