Burgers taste best when loaded up with a selection of crunchy salad items, sauces, cheese and of course - the patty. But while they are a popular choice when eating out or for a mid-week treat, the stacked-up ingredients can often go soggy and fall apart as you take a bite. In a recent video on their TikTok profile, cooking experts at the Deli Kitchen shared their easy wrap-based alternative to try at home - and this is exactly how to make it. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Aishling Hughes, Brand Manager at Deli Kitchen said: "At Deli Kitchen we're on a mission to help people eat more adventurously, and with the cost of living rising, people are looking for more ways to do this at home. "The Deli Kitchen crunch wrap recipe is a handy twist on a burger, which typically drips and falls out as you eat it. Why not try it using our Brioche Style Wrap and keep all your fillings exactly where they need to be, with the same indulgence as a burger bun. "Plus, the wrap is vegan-friendly if you just want to change up the filling!" The unique, mess-free recipe is loaded up with all the same ingredients you'd expect to find in a meaty beef burger, the only difference is it's all wrapped up rather than stacked. READ MORE: Correct method to cook ‘fluffy rice every time’  To make the Deli Kitchen's "ultimate burger crunch wrap", you will need: DON'T MISS...Five 'seasonal' vegetables you can spiralise for a 'lighter meal' [INSIGHT]'Tastiest' dairy-free recipe for 'golden' Yorkshire puddings [RECIPE]Chef's technique for getting 'perfect hard-boiled eggs' [EXPERT]  For the burger sauce: To make your crunch wraps as flavoursome as possible, Aishling recommended using fresh ingredients wherever possible. She noted that you should also "choose your wrap wisely" in order to keep your filling "where it needs to be" and avoid tears or splits. READ MORE: 'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers To make the burger filling, start by putting your raw mince in a bowl ready to season it with salt and pepper. In a hot pan, fry it over high heat until brown before setting it aside. Aishling noted that frying everything on a higher heat allows for "optimal searing" and "caramelisation of the meat". Next, take one wrap and cut out the middle using a circular cookie cutter. Set the rounded wrap aside for later. One of the Deli Kitchen experts' top tips was to use the leftover perimeter of the wrap to cut into triangles and air fry into nachos. Once your mince and wrap are done, you can move on to the sauce by combining all of the ingredients into a bowl using a spoon. At this point, you can start assembling your crunch wraps. Using a new, whole wrap, begin by placing the American-style cheese and red Leicester down first then top with the fried mince. Add the onion, sliced tomato, shredded lettuce, sliced gherkins, and a healthy heaping of the burger sauce, along with a few of your air-fried nachos for extra crunch. Top with the coleslaw and finish by adding the middle of the wrap you set aside earlier with another slice of American Cheese (this helps to secure the wrap when sealing). Fold the bottom wrap up around the top and fry off in a hot pan to seal the ingredients tightly. To serve, slice through, dip in your extra burger sauce and enjoy! 