This week, Coronation Street viewers watched as David Platt (played by Jack P Shepherd) gave his best efforts to try and get his son Max Turner (Paddy Bever) out of prison. Although when Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) intervened things quickly escalated between the two men. With Max becoming part of Griff Reynolds' (Michael Condron) racist gang over the past few months, things took a turn when the teen was arrested with incitement to attempted murder last week. It comes after the teen made harmful propaganda videos about certain races and religions which prompted his former classmate Blake (Adam Little) to take action resulting in Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) being stabbed. With Max’s charge now being increased to Encouragement of Terrorism, David turned to his family for help affording a good lawyer with Audrey (Sue Nicholls) saying she’d release equity on her house to help with the money. Although when her sly son had a private word, Audrey changed her mind about offering the funds which resulted in David being furious. READ MORE:Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital Slamming Stephen for getting involved in a situation that didn’t involve him, David threw himself at him and pushed him into the kitchen cupboards in a rage. However, with David managing to overpower the businessman, despite his recent killing spree, fans were left questioning the accuracy of the scrap. Sofaneilas wrote: “How did Stephen kill two men when scrawny Dave can throw him onto the wall like he's one of those slimy alien baby toys.” Onelifee3 added: “Stephen killed and managed to lift a rugby player on his own and he gets shoved against a wall by 4ft midget David."  DavidHe47935675 swiped: “Imagine a hairdresser beating you up lol what was that fight? #corrie” Although many feared that David’s actions will have dire consequences following his uncle’s current killing spree. Last year, the Canadian businessman claimed his first victim when he threw Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) over a second-story building. The event unfolded when Leo threatened to expose Stephen’s lies to his family after discovering he was planning on selling Audrey’s house to steal the equity and pay back his ex-partner. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield mocks Molly-Mae in swipe at newborn’s name [VIDEO] Coronation Street danger for Sean as Laurence’s past is ‘exposed’ [SPOILER] The Catch star details ‘impossible’ scenes with Jason Watkins [INSIGHT] Confronting him, he told Stephen that once his family knew the truth the police would be informed all about the scandal. Seeing red, he chucked him over the balcony to his death and convinced people that Leo decided to flee the country. Although things got complimented when his dad Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin) showed up not believing Stephen’s story. Suspicious over the disappearance, Teddy confronted him over what really happened to Leo with Stephen striking again.  Picking up the nearest object to him heavy enough to do some damage, Stephen struck Teddy over the head with the factory office’s hole punch. Fatally hitting him over the head, Stephen claimed his second victim as he later disposed of him by sinking his body in a box in the canal. Recently, actor Todd Boyce told Express.co.uk that every character in the soap is terrified they’ll be on the kill list next. He said: “I get asked all the time repeatedly by the same people, 'So how long are you going to be on the show for?' "Because I've had people ask me like three or four times, the same person! I just really want to know, they are just sweating it they really are.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.