Prince Harry has "behaved like a bully in the pursuit of revenge and control", a royal commentator has claimed. Angela Levin accused the Duke of Sussex of "overstepping the mark" in the wake of allegations levelled against the Royal Family in his memoir Spare. Ms Levin, the author of Harry: Conversations with the Prince, claimed the Duke has used his "contemptable" (sic) book to mock his brother William, Prince of Wales, portray his father as emotionless and present Camilla, Queen Consort, as a "villain". She said: "This all comes from a man who is known for guarding his own privacy. "One who has himself in the last few years behaved like a bully in the pursuit of revenge and control." The author, in an op-ed published in SkyNews.com.au today (February 2), wrote the Coronation of King Charles on May 6 puts the monarch in a "difficult position". Ms Levin stated that as a father, Charles will want his son to attend the historic Westminster Abbey ceremony, but she said King Charles's eminent position will take priority. King Charles is believed to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, to help strike a deal with Prince Harry. There are reports the sovereign believes Harry and his wife Meghan's absence from the Coronation will cause a bigger distraction than if they were to attend. Harry told the Daily Telegraph last month he wanted the Royal Family to apologise to Meghan, though he did not spell out what for. He said: "You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you've been caught out, so just come clean." READ ABOUT NICOLA STURGEON BEING URGED TO RESIGN But Ms Levin wrote in her op-ed that Britons want an apology from the Duke instead. She added that she believes the King will be a great monarch, but he must not give in to Harry and Meghan’s demands as doing so will make him look weak and unconvincing. Ms Levin said His Royal Highness's image as well as his reign begins with the coronation "so he must leave Harry at home". Her remarks stand in stark contrast to a recent Ipsos poll for the Evening Standard newspaper which found a majority of Britons want Prince Harry to be invited to the Coronation. Sixty percent of those who took part in the poll said the Duke should be offered a place at the ceremony - twice as many as those who said he should not. DON'T MISS: Queen Victoria's funeral 'chaos' and instructions she left servants [REVEALED] Turkish citizens volunteer to join and train with Putin's troops [LATEST]Putin facing economic devastation as graph reveals European gas trend [REPORT] The Government has said the Coronation will not be a display of lavishness and excess, maintaining it will provide value for taxpayers. MP Oliver Dowden said on Wednesday (February 1) most people expect the new King to have a proper Coronation. He told Parliament's Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee: "It has always been the case that the Coronation of the King is an enormously important moment in the history of our nation and it is right the Government play their role in the funding of the Coronation. "You would find most people would expect our new King to have a proper Coronation. "Nonetheless, of course, the King and the Government are mindful of ensuring that there is value for the taxpayer." Mr Dowden said there will not be a display of lavishness or excess, adding: "These are moments in the life of our nation. They bring joy to millions of people. They also mark us out as a nation around the world. "I expect that people around the world will tune into it and we will have representatives from the realms, from the Commonwealth and from other nations. "It is a marvellous moment in our history and people would not want a dour scrimping and scraping." Buckingham Palace recently revealed details of the plans for events due to take place over the coronation weekend from Saturday, May 6 to Monday, May 8. Charles and Camilla will arrive at the Abbey in procession from Buckingham Palace. After the service they will return to the palace in a larger ceremonial procession. The King and Queen Consort will then be joined by family members on the balcony to conclude the day's ceremonial events. The palace has not said exactly which family members will appear in the Coronation procession or on the balcony.