Cleaning the oven is a task that many households put off, though it is one that doesn’t have to be hard if you know the right ingredients to use. Laura Mountford is the cleaning expert behind the Instagram page @lauracleanaholic and the author of Live, Laugh, Laundry. With many households moving away from using chemical-based cleaning agents around the home, especially in spaces where they may eat or cook, Laura shared an “all-natural” method to clean your oven. According to the cleaning expert, three ingredients can leave your oven with a fresh “shine” and they won’t break the bank. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Laura explained: “Use half a lemon and bicarbonate of soda as a natural way to clean inside your oven and remove grime from dirty racks.” Lemons and baking soda can be used individually to tackle grime in your oven or combined for a grease-busting solution. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine You can pick up baking soda from Tesco for as little as 59p, while one lemon costs just 30p. Baking soda is often recommended as a cleaning agent its alkaline pH means it is able to dissolve dirt and grease easily in water for effective cleaning. The powder also deodorises by changing both acidic and basic odour molecules into a neutral, more odour-free state. The mineral structure of baking soda allows it to act as a gentle abrasive, removing burnt-on material without leaving harsh scratches. Lemon, on the other hand, works in cleaning that’s to the high content of citric acid found in the fruit to cut through certain build-ups. DON'T MISSGet 'sparkling' oven racks without 'heavy scrubbing' [VIDEO]Interior designer on the trends 'taking over' in 2023 [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow’ pillow stains using three kitchen ingredients [EXPLAINER] To clean the inside of your oven, prepare a thick paste consisting of baking soda, water and the juice squeezed from a lemon. You want to create a paste which is thick enough to rub over the interior of your oven, but not too runny. Spread the solution all over the oven and leave for between 10 minutes and 12 hours, depending on how dirty your oven is. Then, using a clean, damp sponge, scrub at any burnt-on stains. Finally, wipe down the interior of your oven with a wet cloth or an old towel. To tackle your oven door, Laura recommends reaching for white vinegar - a bottle of white can be purchased from Tesco for just 29p.  “White vinegar is great for cleaning the glass and leaving a streak-free shine,” she said. The liquid can be used on the inside and outside of your oven door’s glass panel. Simply pop some white vinegar into a clean, empty spray bottle and spritz it onto the glass before wiping clean. However, make sure you do not put white vinegar into an old cleaning product bottle as this can cause a dangerous reaction. Finally, to keep your oven cleaner for longer, Laura recommends investing in an oven liner. "Use an oven liner at the bottom of your oven to collect grease and spills so that you don’t have to clean your oven as regularly, just remove the liner and wipe clean instead," she explained. You can purchase a pack of two non-stick oven liners from Amazon for £7.99.