The gripping investigations of mastermind Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) and the team of FBI agents will be coming to an end on NBC with its 10th season. The Blacklist has amassed a fanbase of millions since it began in 2013, and hundreds of them have poured their hearts out for the show which has kept them hooked over the past decade. The Blacklist’s cast, writers and fans have been celebrating 10 years of the James Spader-led thriller after its cancellation this week. NBC has confirmed the series will be coming to an end with its 10th season, which will premiere near the end of this month. After Wednesday’s announcement, original showrunner Jon Bokencamp tugged at fans’ heartstrings by posting snaps of the first meetings with the cast and crew and some more looks behind the scenes. “WOW. #TheBlacklist What a wild ride!” he said in the caption. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending A number of his followers congratulated the writer on The Blacklist’s success, many of whom were cast and crew members who were grateful for the chance to play a part in the series. Jennifer Parsons replied: “I am soooo grateful you created this show (and included me in one of the episodes). “Such an awesome ride it's been!! Highlight of my career still, meeting you inflight. “Thanks to everyone there!! Can't wait!! See you again someday in the skies.” Writer Christine Gee said: “Congrats, Jon and THANK YOU for having me with the show all of these years and allowing me to grow and helm a number of them! “Forever grateful! Wishing you many more successes down the line and hope our paths cross again!” And Ned Van Sandt commented: “Thank you Jon for bringing me on the show. Leonard Caul is one the best characters I’ve ever played. “The Blacklist is a class act top to bottom - and it comes from the top - Congrats to everyone!” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Admiral Kilbride to reconnect with estranged son [NEWS]Lockwood and Co creator teases dark revelations in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE]Yellowstone’s Wes Bentley ‘in the dark’ about Jamie’s fate [INTERVIEW] In her own Instagram post, recurring star Deidre Lovejoy wrote: “Sad news today! It’s been a decade of intrigue and action and I for one will be very sad to see The Blacklist family officially go.” To which @ayden_.12 commented: “NOOOO, I love The Blacklist so muchhh!! I guess all good things must come to an end.” While new regular Diany Rodriguez shared NBC’s touching trailer marking the end of the series, writing: “It’s about to be all over. “What a lovely gift to have gotten to be part of this family… weird though… I… noticed I’m not in this lil vid… DONT THEY KNOW WHO I AM?!” The series is hoped to bring a satisfying end to Red’s story following the death of Elizabeth Keen (Megan Boone) in the season eight finale. His fellow agents Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) and Alina Park (Laura Sohn) also left the series at the end of season nine. Thankfully, Red isn’t completely going it alone this time round, as Donald Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) and Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) will still be helping him track down the remaining Blacklisters. Plus, newcomer Anya Banerjee will also be joining as Siya Malik, the daughter of season one stalwart Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra). The Blacklist season 10 premieres Friday, February 26 on NBC and seasons 1-9 are available to stream on NOW in the UK.