Two 15-year-olds have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of Brianna Ghey, 16, who was found dead in a Warrington park after a "targeted attack". Brianna's body was found by police on a path in Culcheth Linear Park. She was pronounced dead at the scene. Cheshire Constabulary have confirmed the arrest of a boy and a girl, both from the local area. Detective Chief Superintendent Mike Evans called the incident an "awful" and "targeted" attack on Brianna during a "busy day" at the park. He said there were a number of enquiries underway related to the incident and that patrols have been "stepped up" to provide people with reassurance. He said: “At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death are hate related. “I would ask anyone who has any information, no matter how big or small, that they believe could help with our investigation to get in touch. “We are also keen for people and businesses within the local community to check any CCTV or dashcam footage for anything that may aid our investigation.” In an earlier statement, he added: "At this this time we're treating it as a targeted attack against Brianna. We don't believe there's any risk to the community but we are keeping an open mind."  Police have cordoned off a large area and have been searching the park where Brianna's body was found. A gymnastics coach who knew the Birchwood High School pupil when she was slightly younger told the Liverpool ECHO: "She used to come into the gym in the school and do gymnastics with us, she was a lovely kid." A video of Brianna dancing and lip-syncing to music in the park was posted on her TikTok just hours before she died, although it is unclear whether this is where she was found dead by police. A major police presence was spotted at the scene yesterday, with reports of armed officers and a police helicopter. One resident who lived opposite the scene told the Echo: "You do hope they catch them. I was just getting out of the car on my way hope from work when I saw the air ambulance landing in the field." The MP of Warrington North Charlotte Nichols also urged anyone with information, including people with dashcam footage from the area, to come forward to help with the investigation. On Facebook, she added: "My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the deceased, and I will continue to liaise with and support our local police in any way I can in ascertaining all of the facts of this case."  Culcheth in Warrington is a large village, reported to have a population of around 11,000 people. In December 2022, there were only 34 crimes committed in the area, according to Cheshire Constabulary. Information can be reported on the Cheshire Police website here or by calling 101, quoting IML 1476832. Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.  