Arsenal hero Ian Wright has insisted that Chelsea’s underperforming players are to blame for the team’s woes rather than manager Graham Potter. Potter has come under increasing pressure in recent weeks, with his side flattering to deceive on the pitch time and time again. Chelsea have scored just 23 goals in 23 Premier League matches this season. That’s three goals fewer than the top-flight’s top scorer Erling Haaland and 43 strikes fewer than Manchester City have managed as a team. According to the official Premier League stats, the west Londoners are second only to the Citizens when it comes to big chances created this season. And Wright believes the Blues players are letting their manager down in front of goal. The former England international was asked if Chelsea’s lack of goals continues to haunt Potter when he appeared on Premier League Productions. And he replied: “It does, but at the same time we’ve seen chances created. I mean you can’t legislate for somebody missing chances. You can legislate for the team not creating chances. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital    “That’s what we’re seeing. We’re seeing chances created and people missing them. That’s obviously what Chelsea have to [work on]. They have created enough chances where they should win games, and all of a sudden the momentum and the vibe in the stadium change. But at the moment, yeah, you have to say that [Potter] is under a little bit of pressure.” Chelsea suffered a 1-0 defeat to Southampton on Saturday afternoon as James Ward-Prowse curled in the winner courtesy of a sumptuous free-kick in stoppage time at the end of the first half. That defeat means Potter has won just five of his 17 Premier League games at the Chelsea helm. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'   And after the match, the 47-year-old said: “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable. We've had a tough period and are integrating young players into the Premier League. When results don't go your way it's tough. I'm not arrogant enough to say that their opinion isn't worth articulating. My job is to help the team and work through a team period. The truth is we took a step back with our performance in the first half. Our response in the second half was good, but it wasn't enough. “Southampton mixed the game well but our performance wasn't what we wanted in the first half and I take as much responsibility in that. Second half was good and we deserved a goal. But when you don't, it's obviously difficult.” 