Side hustles are increasingly popular ways people can supplement their income by taking on a second job or exploring a passion project. With more people turning to their own side ventures, there has become a market for advice on how best to develop a side hustle. Bryon Cole, the entrepreneur and start-up expert, is one of the many giving guidance to budding business people. He is the author of the bestselling book, Self Made and he has associated several people to build and grow a side hustle, as well as being successful business owner himself. One woman was able to quadruple her monthly side hustle thanks to Mr Cole’s “invaluable” tips. Ella Weinberg said: “My business has gone from generating £2,000 per month to £8,000 per month in a matter of weeks. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance “Having been a part of his mentoring service, I have elevated in so many areas of business. “The information is invaluable but what is most appreciated is how he is able to adjust to accommodate the industry you are in so that the information is always palatable.’” Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Cole shared some words of wisdom for those wanting to take their side hustle to the next level. He explained: “People that start a side hustle often forget to protect their brand. They forget to secure their .co.uk domain and their .com. They leave themselves open to people copying their brand, or brand hijacking. “They also don’t protect their trademark and brand identity which leaves them vulnerable. It doesn’t cost much to protect your domains. 53 percent of consumers buy from preferred .co.uk’s and 74 percent will not trust a social media account that does not have a website. “People buy from people they know, like and trust. Business is about relationships. I speak about it in my book – a lot of service-based businesses and side hustles get a lot of their business from referrals only. “If you are a side hustler, it’s great to network within your community. It’s one of the cheapest forms of marketing.” The business expert encouraged side hustlers to reach out to mentors within their industry to help with their career goals, as well as emphasised the importance of growing a strong brand. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Mr Cole added: “Someone who has walked the walk, and been through the pathway, who has been through the journey that you are about to embark on. It will save you time, money and it will get you to the journey and destination faster. “You are your brand. People buy from people they know, like and trust. Be able to article yourself very quickly. Personal branding is key. “There’s a study that shows the longer you take to action an initial thought, or something that you want to do, the less likely you are to do it.“ Finally, Mr Cole reminded anyone growing their side hustle into a full-on business to accept rejection as part of the process. The side hustle expert said: “Make peace with rejection. In America and other countries, when you fail, they are like, ‘Ok buddy, you didn’t make it, you can try again.’ “In the UK, we have a real stigma around failure. It’s ok to fail. Make peace with it. It’s a learning experience. “When you are running your side hustle, it’s ok for things not to go to plan. You will be rejected.”