The 33-year-old actress is starring as the fictional rocker Daisy Jones in Amazon Prime Video’s upcoming drama series. With the show dropping in March, the granddaughter of legendary artist Elvis Presley is on a promotion trail, weeks after the death of her mother. Last month, it was announced Lisa Marie Presley, Elvis’ only child, had died of a cardiac arrest. The 54-year-old had four children, Riley Keough, twins Harper and Finley Lockwood and Benjamin Keough, who died in 2020 at the age of 27. Lisa’s mother Priscilla Presley broke the news of her death in a statement where she described her daughter as “passionate, strong and loving.” Now, weeks after Lisa’s death, her eldest daughter is being praised by fans for returning back to work to promote her new series.  READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   In an Instagram post, the 33-year-old revealed she was kicking off the press tour for Daisy Jones and the Six, which will see the actress alongside stars such as Sam Claflin, Camila Morrone and Suki Waterhouse. Wearing a matching black shirt with trousers covered in bright flowers, Riley gave a small smile to the camera as her long red hair was tucked behind her ears to reveal statement gold hoops. She captioned the snap: “Here we go! @daisyjonesandthesix press day one.” It wasn’t long before the star was flooded with comments of support as her followers gave their well wishes ahead of the promotional tour.   Junglecathb commented: “My mother’s advice before she passed was to keep living and having a good time. I wish the same for you.” Social media user elvis.world added: “My heart ached when I first glanced at the picture because you look so much like your beautiful mother. You are absolutely stunning and deserve all the recognition you’re getting. Lisa would very proud of you.” Garbage added: “Congratulations. Your mum would be right proud.” With dolcel13 saying: “Incredible work, congratulations! Also, support for you during your grief and adjustment. Much love.”  DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [VIDEO] BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT]  The upcoming series, which is based on the original novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid, follows the story of an aspiring young singer in the 1970s. In the 10-part series, viewers will see Daisy fall in love with an up-and-coming band called The Six. Throughout the show, it will see the rise and fall of the band's success over the years, along with what resulted in their eventual break-up. Suki Waterhouse, who plays Karen, paid tribute to Riley at the series’ launch in London.  The 31-year-old said: “Riley Keough, I mean she’s the most unbelievable actress. “Her voice… She’s marvellous, absolutely marvellous. I would watch it for Riley Keough.” Although this isn’t the only time Riley has appeared on-screen as she made her debut in the 2010 film The Runaways. The actress has also starred in Magic Mike and Mad Max: Fury Road and indie favourites American Honey, Under the Silver Lake and Zola. Daisy Jones and the Six premieres Friday, March 3 on Prime Video.