The Ultra Low Emission Zone will once again expand on August 29 to include all London boroughs and the City of London in a bid to slash emissions. Despite the optimism from London Mayor Sadiq Khan, many fear they will be priced out of the capital, as new research shows a need for more cheap ULEZ-compliant vehicles on the market. Sadiq Khan has worked to implement one of the largest scrappage schemes, with the £110million programme launching at the end of January. Transport for London estimates more than 200,000 drivers of non-compliant vehicles will be impacted by the extension of the ULEZ to London’s outer boroughs. With these new rules, drivers are forced to buy a car or van which is ULEZ compliant or pay the £12.50 daily charge to drive in the zone. But according to data from online marketplace Auto Trader, the average cost of a used diesel car complying with ULEZ regulations is now £19,991. READ MORE: Electric car demand falls as drivers stick with petrol and diesel The equivalent petrol engine costs £15,000 and the average cost of a used electric vehicle is even higher at £36,102. At the more affordable end of the market, Auto Trader’s data reveals just 5,150 on sale for £5,000 or less across London in January which comply with the new rules, while the cheapest EV available in the London area is £5,400. Petrol vehicles registered after 2006 and diesel vans registered since 2016 will evade the charge, under which drivers must pay £12.50 a day to enter the zone. The high average costs threaten to put ULEZ-compliant vehicles far out of reach of the scrappage scheme, which offers lower-income households claiming at least one benefit a grant of just £2,000 towards a new car in return for scrapping their old vehicle. DON'T MISSClever supermarket fuel-saving tips will slash consumption rates [HELPFUL]King Charles drives an Aston Martin which 'runs on wine and cheese' [INCREDIBLE]'Hard to tell' if supermarkets are cutting petrol and diesel prices [SHOCKING] Erin Baker, editorial director at Auto Trader, criticised the scrappage scheme and said that other alternatives were unsustainable. She added: “When the average price of a used car is £18,000, a £2,000 scrappage scheme is a drop in the ocean for low-income drivers in outer London who want to avoid ULEZ payments. Drivers looking for cheaper ways to beat the tax are also struggling. “With the impact of the Covid pandemic likely to keep used car prices high for some time, the lack of affordable options for those on tighter budgets is a real worry in a cost-of-living crisis. “Many of those who can’t use public transport will be put in an impossible position.” READ MORE: Millions of drivers at risk of fines from common fuel error Eligible applicants can get up to £2,000 for scrapping a car or up to £1,000 for scrapping a motorcycle. For wheelchair-accessible vehicles that don't meet the ULEZ emissions standards, there is a grant of £5,000 to scrap, or retrofit to ULEZ standards. The scale of the financial challenge faced by lower-income households needing to change vehicles ahead of August 29 is underlined by the vast price “gap” between compliant and non-compliant cars. The average cost of a diesel engine car following the ULEZ rules is £11,996 more expensive than the price of a non-compliant model at £7,995. For petrol models, the ULEZ “premium” is £11,025 more than the £3,975 cost of a non-compliant vehicle. Prices of used cars remain at record levels thanks to the supply chain disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, which cut the number of new cars produced in the UK last year to the lowest since 1956. A report by consultant Jacobs into the impact of the ULEZ extension in May 2022 warned of a “disproportionate” impact on low-income households “due to their lesser capacity to switch to a compliant vehicle and/or to change mode”. According to Financial Conduct Authority research, nearly a third of UK adults have £1,000 or less in savings.