People have been sharing details of the requests from the DWP online with some calling them “bizarre”. But the DWP says these checks are important to verify an individual’s claim is legitimate. The DWP has been issuing specific requests such as these in an effort to verify a person’s details are correct and to stop fraud. As reported by BirminghamLive, one man posted a picture on social media of a letter he had received, which requested "a full-length photo of yourself stood outside your address, with the door open, showing you clearly have access". He was also asked to send a copy of a utility bill dated within the last three months and "a selfie with your photo ID (passport) held next to your face". The man said he found the requests “very weird” while others said the letter was “hilarious” and “bizarre”. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs  The DWP has said it plans to check more than two million Universal Credit claims over the coming five years to ensure they are legitimate. This is after rules around evidence checks for the benefit were relaxed during the coronavirus lockdown. This was done to ensure people who’d lost their jobs or have wages cut could access vital Government support as soon as possible. The DWP announced in December 2021 it has received £510million in Government funding to tackle benefit fraud.  The department said at the time: "The money will be used to improve the department’s capability and capacity to detect and deter benefit fraud and catch fraudsters, recovering more taxpayer money that funds essential public services. “This crackdown will include 2,000 trained specialists to review claims by carrying out property checks, following up earning declarations of self-employed claimants and cross-checking bank details." Asking for photo evidence is one way to check a benefit claim is legitimate, as some fraudsters use photo-shopped images in efforts to verify a fake claim. The DWP previously published images which appeared to have been doctored, to make out they lived at the address they had claimed from. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost A DWP counter-fraud official said previously: "These images show some people will try anything to feather their nest but these tactics won’t fly. “While we obviously don’t need high tech to know fraud is happening here, this activity reflects the contempt these would-be con artists have for the taxpayer." A DWP spokesperson told BirminghamLive: "When the pandemic hit, we saw a surge in Universal Credit claims, which demanded an extraordinary response to help all those in urgent need. "Regrettably, unscrupulous fraudsters took advantage but we are rooting them out and have already reviewed 900,000 claims. “We made savings from correction and prevention of fraud and error of £2billion last year alone. “But we're going much further, through our robust fraud plan to prevent £2billion of loss over the next three years, and over £4bn over the next five years." A person can report suspected fraud on the Government website or by calling the National Benefit Fraud Hotline on 0800 854 440. Universal Credit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April, along with many other benefits, including PIP and Carer’s Allowance.