Tennis chiefs in the UK are reportedly fearing the potential demise of prestigious grass tournaments such as Queens and Eastbourne unless Russian and Belarusian players are handed the green light to compete again on our courts. The ban was imposed by the All England Lawn Tennis Club following Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022.  So far, there have been no signs to suggest the ban will be lifted in 2023 for Wimbledon which could potentially throw the season into disrepute. According to The Mail, key figures running tennis in the UK are now concerned about that very proposition. There is a sense that there is now growing pressure on officials to act but even if the ban is lifted, the government could intervene by refusing to issue visas. The Lawn Tennis Association are facing the prospect of a full suspension from hosting events if they are to repeat the ban. Should that happen and their license be withdrawn, it would open the door for foreign investors to swoop in and stage the tournaments elsewhere. But not only that, the results would be devastating for the domestic audience as the knock-on effect would also impact smaller tournaments such as Nottingham and Surbiton. Furthermore, there could be a series of heavy fines and sanctions implemented that would leave a stain on British tennis. Last year, the likes of Daniil Medvedev were banned from competing at Wimbledon as they await positive news on a potential return to SW19. While it has not been a universally popular decision, generally, Russians and Belarusians have continued to be accepted in world tennis besides some Balkan nations. But Britain's hard-nosed response has come at a cost as The Championships were stripped of ranking points. World number two Aryna Sabalenka recently slammed Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from the 2022 tournament. The Belarusian is desperate to return to action at the Grand Slam later this summer following a challenging 12 months. “This is really terrible because no one supports war. No one,” the 24-year-old told Melbourne's Age newspaper. “The problem is we have to speak loud about that - but why should we scream about that in every corner? It's not going to help at all. “I'm just really disappointed that sport is somehow in politics. We're just athletes playing their sport. “That's it. We're not about politics. If all of us could do something, we would, but we have zero control. "They banned us from Wimbledon and what did it change? Nothing - they're still doing this and this is the sad [part] of this situation."