Vicki Michelle, 72, is known for her role as the saucy waitress Yvette Carte-Blanche in the 1980s sitcom. The Essex-born star is believed to be filming scenes for her new EastEnders role later in February. The actress is allegedly due to appear in several episodes this spring. “Bosses are keeping tight-lipped on her role, but she will definitely stir up some drama. “Producers know she’s a talented actress and will go down a storm with fans,” a source told The Sun. Fans are already starting to speculate over who the actress will play, with some suggesting she could come into Lola Pearce's (played by Danielle Harold) tragic storyline or even Rocky's (Brian Conley) wife. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Reiss Colwell's killer secret  Hayley suggested: "Maybe Vicki Michelle is something to do with Lola as she's only going to be in 2 episodes? #EastEnders" They had previously said: "Could Vicki Michelle be playing a recast of Michelle Fowler because I've heard a rumour that Mark Fowler might be returning so Michelle might for a short stint if that comes true? #EastEnders" Another fan said: "I think she's gonna be Rocky's wife." Viewers have already said they "cannot wait" to see the actress stir up trouble in the soap. Dom also guessed: "Rocky's wife, Callum or Zack's mum is my guess. Maybe the new Vic owner?" Hannah added: "Vicki Michelle is going to be playing Rocky’s wife. I can feel it." In November 2022, the soap teased a secret wife for Rocky after he made a romantic declaration to Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth). However, when Kathy jumped in with the suggestion of an engagement, Rocky was taken aback and had his doubts. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Martin Fowler star questions Ruby Allen exit plot hole EastEnders' Suki Panesar in danger as betrayal leads to an attack EastEnders' Stacey Slater and Martin Fowler 'will get close'  Rocky then revealed to Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) he was already married and had not seen his wife for 25 years, He was asking about such a "hypothetical" situation and if a marriage in this instance would have expired. Express.co.uk contacted the BBC but they did not wish to comment at this time. Vicki is no stranger to the world of soaps, having played Patricia Foster in ITV’s Emmerdale between 2007 and 2009.  The actress, radio presenter and businesswoman is also starring in Barmy Dale as Angie Edwards. Earlier this year the actress and the rest of the Allo, Allo cast celebrated 40 years since it hit screens. Will fans soon see Mrs Cotton showing up in Albert Square? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.