While the Bank of England continues to hike its Base Rate to help stem inflation, high street banks and building societies have been boosting rates on their own savings accounts, offering savers much higher returns. Allica Bank is now topping the leaderboard of one-year fixed savings accounts. Fixed-rate accounts help add another level of certainty to savings, as these accounts enable savers to secure an interest rate for a set length of time. This means the bank or building society cannot change the interest rate during the term of the bond, which works well for account holders hoping to save long-term. Described as an account that has “shaken up the one-year fixed rate bond sector this week” by Moneyfacts, Allica Bank’s 12-month Fixed Term Savings Account (Issue 33) is currently offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 4.24 percent. READ MORE: The little-known technique that can slash your energy bills  Interest is calculated daily and applied on maturity, and the account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £10,000. Up to £250,000 can be invested in this account and earlier access is not permitted. However, further additions are allowed for 14 days from account opening via a nominated account. The account must be opened online and managed the same way, or through Allica Bank’s mobile app. While this Allica is offering a particularly attractive rate for those looking to invest for a year, competition isn’t too far behind. DON'T MISS: State pension age change means Britons must ‘act now’ [INSIGHT]Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    SmartSave, Ahli United Bank (UK) PLC, and DF Capital are all offering savers interest rates of over 4.17 percent for a one year term. SmartSave’s One Year Fixed Rate Saver is currently offering an AER of 4.21 percent. A minimum investment of £10,000 is required to open the account and interest accrues daily and is paid gross when the term ends. READ MORE: Britons face £130,000 shortfall if they retire at 60  Ahli United Bank (UK) PLC’s One Year Fixed Term Deposit is offering savers an AER of 4.2 percent. Established in 1966, Ahli United Bank (UK) PLC is a UK-incorporated bank headquartered in London. According to Raisin, the bank was initially launched to meet the investment and banking needs of offshore investors and visitors from the Gulf, but now, its services span a range of areas, from private banking and wealth management to property finance, and so on.  Savers can open this account with a minimum deposit of £1,000 and interest is calculated daily and applied at maturity. Similar to SmartSave, early withdrawals are also not permitted unless in exceptional circumstances, which is at the bank’s discretion. DF Capital’s One Year Fixed Rate Deposit (Issue 7) is offering savers an AER of 4.17 percent. Interest is calculated daily and paid gross in full on the maturity date of the account, and no withdrawals, transfers or closures are permitted during the term. 