Lewis Hamilton has admitted spying on Red Bull and Ferrari’s 2023 designs in a bid to gain an early season advantage. The Mercedes star revealed he was zooming into pictures of other team’s launches to see what they had installed.   Red Bull and Ferrari have already unveiled their 2023 challengers with Mercedes one of the last to lift the covers off their new design. However, Hamilton revealed it would be impossible to get a true indication of their rivals performance levels until Bahrain’s first pre-season test. Hamilton said: “We’re all anxious to get out there and see. And also to see where everyone else is. You see the pictures of everyone launching their cars and you start to zoom in and see what have they got? “But we won't find out until next week exactly what everyone has got up their sleeve.” READ MORE: Hamilton and Russell will be worried as Mercedes chief rates W14 Mercedes unveiled a dramatic overhaul of their 2022 livery with a return to the black design which won the title back in 2020. Visually, the car looks similar to last season although there are subtle changes to the car’s sidepods. However, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has previously warned much of the work was being done underneath the car. Last season, he stressed the model would be a change in DNA compared to their difficult 2022 machine. But, Hamilton admitted the team were still optimistic they had fixed many of the issues which plagued them last season. The seven-time champion added: “We've done a lot of work in the simulator, we got to drive the old car but we’ve seen this in the works for some time now. I remember before Christmas seeing it in the wind tunnel. “You hear about all the changes we’ve made and you're just hoping for the characteristics of what we’ve been asking for [over] the past 12 months.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton left perplexed after Toto Wolff pinches his shoes [INSIGHT]Hamilton facial expression says it all as Mercedes contract addressed [ANALYSIS]Mercedes unveil W14 for new F1 season as ex-Hamilton request returns [PICS] Mercedes appeared to take a major step closer after installing new upgrades at the United States Grand Prix. Hamilton challenged Max Vertsappen for victories in Austin and Mexico before Russell took the team's only win of the season in Brazil. Speaking at the launch, Wolff stressed the team had learned lessons from 2022 to take into the new campaign. Wolff added: “I think we have a better understanding for what happened with the car. The personal learning is how to cope with the season and overall it wasn't very successful “Towards the end the car got quicker and finally George and Lewis were able to drive something that was a little bit more predictable.” 