Mason Mount has rejected Chelsea's offer of a new contract and is unhappy at the terms that were put on the table, according to reports. The England international's current deal at Stamford Bridge expires at the end of next season. Mount has maintained a regular spot in the Chelsea side despite their £600million spending spree in the last two transfer windows. He has started 19 of the 21 Premier League matches so far this season as well as featuring in all six Champions League group stage games. But despite the importance to which Graham Potter views him, Chelsea are yet to offer a contract extension that Mount views as acceptable. The Mail claims the two parties are a long way apart financially. Mount is said to want to triple his current wages to be in line with some of the top earners at the club. The 24-year-old's current salary is set at £80,000 a week. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emerge  However, the report says Chelsea are not prepared to offer Mount the same as the likes of Raheem Sterling, who joined from Manchester City last summer and immediately became one of the highest-paid players at the west London club. Chelsea's latest offer to Mount is said to be significantly less than what Sterling earns. Talks are now on hold but negotiations are likely to resume at some point. Chelsea won't want Mount to enter the final year of his contract with the risk that he could leave on a free transfer in the summer of 2024. Mount is claimed to be unhappy at the offer Chelsea have made. The attacking midfielder joined the Blues at the age of six and made his first-team debut in 2019. DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedJorginho could be pushed towards Arsenal exit doors due to four playersRio Ferdinand sends Arsenal title warning as Man City 'licking lips'  He has 33 goals and 37 assists to his name in 188 appearances in all competitions. But his long-term future is now in doubt. Chelsea focused heavily on recruiting in attacking areas in January. They splashed out £88m on Mykhaylo Mudryk and £29m on Noni Madueke, as well as bringing in Joao Felix on loan and signing young striker David Datro Fofana. Mount still kept his spot in Friday's match against Fulham despite the influx of new signings. But he was unable to help Graham Potter's side in the attacking third, as they were held to a goalless draw by their local rivals.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here