Arsenal face a disappointing end to the Premier League season and will fall to Manchester City in the title race, according to Sporting Index. However, the Gunners won't suffer the humiliation of finishing below Manchester United, as Gary Neville boldly predicted last month. Sporting Index is the world's largest sports spread betting business, using which fans can buy and sell shares in how many points Premier League teams will finish on this season. Man City took top spot on Wednesday night with a 3-1 win against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium, though the latter have a game in hand. And based on Sporting Index's markets, City are being backed to beat the Gunners to lift a seventh Premier League title in May, finishing on 86 points. Arsenal are said to be set to trail by four points on 82, while United hang on to third with 74 points. Newcastle have been tipped to round off the top four with 67 points, which would be a memorable first full season in charge for Eddie Howe. READ MORE: Allan Saint-Maximin once refused to play for Patrick Vieira  Tottenham Hotspur occupy the Europa League spot with 64 points, and Liverpool are expected to climb to seventh with 63, which could mean Europa Conference League football next season. Chelsea are predicted down in eighth on 60 points, narrowly behind Brighton and Hove Albion on 61. Sporting Index has AFC Bournemouth rock bottom on 29 points, with Southampton (31) and Everton (36) joining them in the Championship. Neville Burdock, Sporting Index's Head of Sportsbook, has explained that even if Arsenal finish level on points with City, the latter will boast a far superior goal difference and win the league anyway. DON'T MISS Harry Redknapp opens door for extraordinary coaching return with LeedsKevin De Bruyne trolls Arsenal fans after being pelted by bottlesJamie Carragher 'baffled' by Chelsea and names 'massive problem' He said: "Despite still having a game in hand, Arsenal look to have lost momentum coming to the business end of the season, and we now forecast Pep Guardiola's men will finish four points clear at the top. "City are set to finish on 86 points, the same tally that took them to the title in 2020/21, while the Gunners will finish up on 82 points, 8 points clear of Manchester United in third. "If Arsenal can bounce back well from Wednesday's home defeat, where the title ends up might go down to goal difference. "But with City expected to have a 20-goal superiority, that's unlikely to be much consolation to Gunners fans." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here