Holidaymakers heading abroad this February could face severe delays or even cancellations caused by strike action in airports across the country. This includes Border Force employees at UK airports and ports, who, along with 100,000 other members of the Public and Commercial Service union, are demanding higher wages. With travellers being warned to "anticipate the worst", an expert has shared their best advice for those affected. Industrial action will impact border force and airport operations over a four-day period in February, with staged strikes planned for Friday 17, Saturday 18, Sunday 19 and Monday 20 (until 7am). While it goes without saying, keeping an eye on the status of your journey before flying is essential to stay informed on delays and cancellations. Cody Candee, CEO and Founder of Bounce, said: "It is more important than ever to carefully monitor your journey, with both delays and cancellations becoming more frequent in recent years. "Before heading to the airport, consider downloading your airline’s app to your mobile phone so that you can closely monitor the status of your flight. You can also sign up for text updates and alerts if your flight is going to be delayed or cancelled. "As soon as you hear of flight delays or cancellations be sure to contact the airline’s customer service team directly, they will be able to assist you with what to do next." READ MORE: 'Safest' flight times for a 'calm' journey free of turbulence If you find yourself faced with last-minute cancellations, it is important to note that you are protected to some degree. According to Cody, airlines must let you choose between a refund or an alternative flight if yours is cancelled and covered by UK law. These options should be provided regardless of how far in advance the cancellation was made. Cody added: "If you still want to travel, your airline must find you an alternative flight. "Similarly, if your flight is cancelled, your airline must provide vouchers for you to purchase food and drink. And, if you require accommodation, they may book a hotel and arrange transportation for you." DON'T MISS...‘Guilt-free’ flights the goal of £113m funding for zero emission tech [INSIGHT]Ryanair cancels flights due to France strikes [LATEST]Jet2 issues Spain holiday warning over flight delays [REVEAL] Compensation may also be available for passengers who have been affected by delayed or cancelled flights, though this can vary depending on the cause. Unfortunately, disruption caused by strike action is unlikely to be eligible for financial compensation, according to Cody. He said: "For circumstances which fall to the fault of the airline, you have compensation rights under UK law. "Disruptions such as extreme weather, airport or air traffic control employee strikes or other extraordinary circumstances are not eligible for compensation. Take the time to double-check your rights as a passenger before submitting a claim." READ MORE: Cruise guest shares 'useful' insight on what they'd 'do differently' While there are measures in place to help you after losing out on your flights, there are a few other things you can do before making the journey to ensure you are fully compensated. One of which is to purchase travel insurance for your journey. Whether you're flying long-haul or short-haul, you should consider purchasing travel insurance that covers both flight delays and cancellations. Cody explained that although your airline is required to look after you after a specific delay duration in some countries, most travel insurance packages offer additional coverage for travel uncertainty.  The Bounce CEO noted that going easy on the luggage is another way to avoid extra stress when facing the prospect of a delayed or cancelled flight. He explained: "Lost luggage has become an increasingly common issue in airports over the past few months, and the last thing you want following a flight delay or cancellation is for your luggage to go missing too! "For those who don’t want to risk their luggage getting lost in baggage operations, carrying hand luggage only may be your best bet. "However, be sure to check the airline's regulations on what you can carry in your hand luggage, including liquid restrictions."