Jack Lisowski has urged snooker chiefs to make the sport "better to watch" in order to "appeal more to the younger generation", stating it is "wrong" that snooker is not more popular despite the presence of "one of the best British sportsmen ever" in Ronnie O'Sullivan.       Lisowski has shared his frustration at what he believes to be slow and negative play, claiming that "90 per cent of the population wouldn't want to watch a frame of snooker that goes on for an hour". Speaking during the German Masters, Lisowski said: "There's so many players that are amazing to watch. Ronnie is one of the best British sportsmen ever, if he's playing and it's not bigger than it is now then there's something wrong. "People like Judd, Neil Robertson..these people are so good at what they do, so good to watch, so let's just try and figure out a way to make it more appealing to the public and get more kids playing because snooker clubs are struggling. JUST IN: O'Sullivan controversies - Rule breaches, assault and Hearn seething "There's not as many good juniors coming through as there used to be. We need to appeal more to the younger generation and for me it's going to be making the sport better to watch." Lisowski competed at the Snooker Shoot Out last month, an event which encourages quick-fire play with matches lasting a single ten-minute frame and shots restricted by a shot clock. However, Lisowski is unconvinced by the Shoot Out format, labelling it a "bit extreme". "It seems to be about faster sport these days, like Twenty20 cricket," he added. "I don't know about the Shoot Out, that's a bit extreme, but let's just find a way to make the sport a bit bigger. It's such a beautiful sport. We can make it bigger, let's all figure out a way to do it. It's more about appealing to everyone and getting the game more in the 21st century. DON'T MISSStephen Hendry fined by snooker bosses after Masked Singer absencesRonnie O'Sullivan drops accidental C-word live on ITVO’Sullivan fears 'exhibition circuit' return during World Grand Prix "We need to try and make it more appealing to everyone because at the moment it's a bit niche. Some people were saying they love watching hour-long, tactical frames, but I'd say 90 per cent of the population wouldn't want to watch a frame of snooker that goes on for an hour, with people taking 30 seconds a shot and playing negatively. "I don't run the game, but I just feel the game could be way bigger because it’s a beautiful game. We need to appeal more to the younger generation and for me it’s going to be making the sport better to watch."