On Thursday's instalment of BBC’s The One Show, presenter Alex Jones and Ronan Keating spoke to Duran Duran star Simon Le Bon about the band recently being inducted into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Although things turned slightly awkward when Ronan mentioned Aston Villa Football Club.   Joining Alex and Ronan on the show, the 64-year-old was speaking about how he feels after receiving the Rock and Roll honour. Last year, the band entered the hall of fame alongside Dolly Parton, Lionel Richie, and Eurythmics. Admitting he never thought they’d be invited to join the prestige group of people already on the list, Simon confessed they were thrilled. As their chat started to come to an end, Ronan took the opportunity to speak about Aston Villa recently signing the highly-rated 19-year-old striker Jhon Duran. READ MORE:BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah  Ronan said: “Birmingham holds a very special place in your heart, you guys got to perform at the Commonwealth Games, the opening ceremony which was amazing. “Also, you’ve given an Aston Villa player your seal of approval, is that right?” Although the 64-year-old seemed taken back by the statement as he asked: “Have I? Which one?” Showing a picture on the screen of Jhon Duran for Simon to see, it appeared the singer didn't understand the joke was about the striker's name being similar to his band.  He replied: “Oh right, ok yeah. That’s more John Taylor (his bandmate). Actually, the Villa fan in the band is Roger Taylor. “A big fan, so he’s had a rollercoaster ride” Despite Simon referring to the lyrics from Ronan’s hit song Life is a Rollercoaster, the joke wasn’t picked up by the host. After a brief pause, Ronan replied: “Hmmm”  DON'T MISS.. Strictly's Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman secure 'six-figure deal' [STRICTLY] Coronation Street's Sarah Platt crushes husband Adam's baby dream [SPOILER] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex admits Vanessa 'puts him in his place' [INSIGHT] However, a few laughs were picked up from the team off camera before Simon continued: “As has most Villa fans.” It wasn’t long before viewers watching noticed the awkward exchange as they took to social media to slam the interview. Allygliptin said: “Ronan mate, that joke was completely lost on him.” Later on, the Twitter user swiped: “#TheOneShow tonight is an absolute car crash”   Stamfordstu added: “Le Bon with no clue wtf they were on about there…” DayDreembleevr commented: “#TheOneShow haha #awkward when Simon Le Bon has to talk about someone else lol.” Basherdrummer tweeted: “Eggy car crash tv on #TheOneShow yet again!" [sic] Gallagher1aaa said: “Bit awkward on #TheOneShow” The One Show continues weekdays on BBC One from 7pm  