When fans think of evergreen footballers, the likes of Javier Zanetti, Gianluigi Buffon and Manchester United legend Ryan Giggs come to mind after playing well into their 40s. But in the case of Kazuyoshi Miura, the Japanese striker phenomenon, they pale in comparison to the 55-year-old's incredible fitness levels. Miura - known as 'King Kazu' or just 'Kazu' in his homeland - has broken records all over the world in proving he can still cut it at the highest level of football. Some 36 years after signing his first professional contract, Kazu is still playing in the Portuguese second tier. He signed for UD Oliveirense on loan from Japanese outfit Yokohoma FC in January after the J-League 1 side's parent company acquired the Portuguese club. And for Kazu, the thrill of playing is as prominent as ever for the veteran footballer. But even despite his insurmountable longevity, Kazu is still a long way short of matching Giggs' total of 963 appearances. Across the 16 clubs he has represented in his career, the Shizuoka-born forward has turned out 783 times in his career. That includeds 55 goals in 89 caps for Japan, making him their second-highest international goalscorer. Ask Kazu about his quest for the record set by Giggs, however, and his response is clear: he only wants to play. And the Japanese star is showing no signs of slowing down. “I am not that conscious about making records of being the oldest,” Miura told Reuters in 2020. “This is just a simple milestone and a result (of what I have done). “My feelings towards soccer and my aspirations that I want to have success in soccer haven’t changed since I became a professional player in Brazil in 1986. The passion has not changed either.” In 1982, Miura left school and travelled on his own to Brazil at the age of 15 to become a professional footballer. At the time, Japan did not have a professional league, and Brazil was the best place to satisfy his football addiction. Four years later, Miura signed his first professional contract with Santos. He played for several Brazilian clubs, including Palmeiras and Coritiba, before making his return to Japan in 1990. After the J-League had been formed, he joined Verdy Kawasaki in 1993 and there became a star, scoring 118 goals in 197 games for the club, with a loan spell at Italian club Genoa sandwiched in between. A brief spell with Dinamo Zagreb in Croatia proved to be a struggle after failing to score in 12 games and he returned to Japan with Kyoto Sanga and Vissel Kobe. But he found his true home with Yokohoma FC in 2005, where he has remained ever since. Goals have been harder to come by in the latter years of his career, finding the net only 27 times in nearly 300 outings, but his presence has been an inspiration for the club. In October last year, the former Japan international rewrote his own record as the oldest active professional footballer at the age of 55 years and 225 days old. He came off the bench to make the record-breaking appearance for fourth-tier side Suzuka Point Getters after signing on loan. Some believe Kazu will continue playing until he was 60, a feat never managed by any professional footballer, and if Kazu has his way, he would "die on the pitch". If that is the case, Giggs may see his achievement eventually snatched away, but for this refreshing diehard football man, the Welshman might not begrudge him taking his record.