The ninth Fast and Furious movie, F9, hit cinemas back in 2021 and continued the story of the Fast Family battling against the forces of evil. Well, they're not done yet, and the tenth film, Fast X, is due to hit cinemas in May of this year. Surprisingly, it will also include the return of Brian O'Conner. Fast X's first trailer hit the internet earlier this year and confirmed the arrival of a few big names to the series. Aquaman star Jason Momoa was revealed as the new villain for the franchise in the movie clip, confirming that he has a hate-filled grudge against Vin Diesel's character Dominic Toretto. Likewise, Marvel actor Brie Larson was introduced as a new character (Tess), however, she currently seems like she'll be a new ally for Dom and his family. The most unexpected arrival, however, will be of Paul Walker. The American actor died in November 2013, aged 40, after a fiery car crash in California. Despite his off-screen death, Walker's character, Brian, was never killed off. He instead "stepped away" from the antics being carried out by his Fast Family. He has been referenced numerous times ever since, and in F9 his car arrived at the family BBQ before credits rolled. Fast X director has confirmed fans will once again see Brian interacting with his peers in the new movie. In an interview with Total Film (Via Daily Star), Fast X director Louis Leterrier said: "Well, Brian is very much alive in the world of Fast and Furious, and they've teased him a lot in the previous movies. In [F9], we see the car coming. It's something that is planned. This movie jumps back and forth between the past and the present." In previous movies, after Walker's death, Brian was brought back to life through CGI and his two brothers acting as body doubles. However, Leterrier noted that Fast X will have Brian returning in "past" scenes, rather than anything new. He also noted how important it was for him to have the support of everyone around him to bring Brian back into the fold for another movie. DON'T MISS...Fast X trailer [WATCH]Vin Diesel wants Marvel hero to join Fast and Furious series [INTERVIEW]Fast and Furious was turned down by rapper - Paul Walker took over [INSIGHT] "It’s something that everybody has to be on board with," Leterrier said of Brian's inclusion. "The Walker family is still very much a part of this franchise, you'll see how in this movie. It just has to be the right moment, the right tone.” Diesel and Walker were great friends after they met on the set of the first movie in the franchise, The Fast and the Furious, back in 2001. While the Riddick actor has not spoken about bringing Brian back, Diesel has regularly posted photos of his friend and paid him tribute. Most recently, Diesel looked back on his friend on the nine-year anniversary of his death. Diesel wrote: "Nine years… love you and miss you." Walker's brother, Cody, recently opened up about how Paul has been honoured since his death by the Fast and Furious team. He told TMZ: "I think Vin and the whole family have done a good job tastefully letting the character ride off into the sunset. I think Paul would get a real kick out of where it's gone. It's gotten so crazy. It's a wild, wild ride at this point." Fast X hits cinemas on May 19, 2023. SOURCE