Nolly is airing on ITVX and it sees Helena Bonham Carter transform into the red-haired actress and presenter. Noele Gordon was the first woman to appear on colour TV and she became a showbiz icon in the UK. Star Helena spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about what it was like filling her shoes. The series explores Noele's fall from grace after she was suddenly dropped from the soap she had been at the heart of since it began. When Crossroads bosses sacked her without a proper explanation, she was distraught but took it in her stride. With the words “all good things must come to an end” clouding her mind, Noele found herself thrown out of the show which had been her life for over 18 years. She was seen as the matriarch of the cast and was always on hand to offer guidance and support to colleagues old and new. Actress Helena admired her strength and resilience and admitted she suffered from "imposter syndrome" whilst playing her. READ MORE: POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press she said: "There is a responsibility, whether you are going to take it seriously or not that's up to you. "But I tend to take things seriously just because like anybody I have got imposter syndrome. "So I want to get it right and she was a marvelous person added to which the writing is so good, it's there on the page. "Russell Davies writes how people speak which a lot of the time doesn't happen, we don't tend to speak in full sentences. "So that was a gift, but then I'm meticulous, and also because I'm interested that's the exciting bit." She said one of the most interesting things about the role was getting into Nolly's headspace. "The most exciting bit about all of this is the bit before you actually get to do it, before you tire yourself down and are worse than you actually thought you were going to be. "It's the chance and opportunity and you get free access to all these people like Tony Adams. "It's so nice because they were talking about somebody they really loved, they couldn't stop talking. DON'T MISS...Nolly welcomes A-list cast alongside Helena Bonham Carter [INSIGHT] Helena Bonham Carter believes Noele Gordon was axed by 'ageist bosses' [INTERVIEW] TV's forgotten queen of the soaps is brought back to life [PHOTOS] "So it was really moving, so I did so much [research] I could do Mastermind on Noele Gordon." Helena admitted she had not been aware of Noele before she signed up for the role, but she was familiar with the soap. She added: "I was very familiar with Crossroads given my age, I'm 56, but I don't think we actually watched it regularly. "It was just like a permanent wallpaper on in the background as I was growing up. "So, I was aware of it, but I wasn't a follower of the series. "I didn't remember Noele other than a dim memory of a redheaded woman who owned the motel." The star was attracted to the role as she admired Noele for being "unflinchingly direct and unembarrassed, incredibly courageous and unafraid". She concluded: "She tells it how it is, and she doesn't let them get away with the treatment of her. "I found her ferocity, her sheer spirit, really inspiring and hilarious too. She’s a powerful woman."  Nolly is available to watch on ITVX