 Priscilla Presley, 77, shared her “wish” for the family to stay close just days after it was revealed she is contesting her daughter’s will. Lisa Marie Presley died on January 12 and would have turned 55 on February 1.   On her birthday, Priscilla released a statement to Page Six, honouring her daughter almost three weeks after her passing. She shared: “Today would have been Lisa’s 55th birthday. “My wish is to protect my three grandchildren and keep our family together. “From the first moment I held Lisa in my arms, I’ve protected, loved and guided her, as I have my son. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  “Our hearts are broken, and I am having to learn to live without my only daughter.” It was revealed earlier this week that Priscilla is contesting an amendment of her daughter’s will which eliminated her and Lisa Marie’s former business manager. The actress is reportedly challenging the “validity” of the amendment to Lisa Marie’s Living Trust, which allows a person to control their assets while alive and distributes them if they die. The documents filed last week in Los Angeles noted that Priscilla had found a document dated in 2016 that removed her and business manager Barry Siegel.     It also reportedly replaced the pair with Lisa Marie’s daughter, Riley Keough, and her late son, Benjamin Keough as successor co-trustees. Priscilla’s filing claimed there were “many issues surrounding the authenticity and validity” of the amendment. One issue was with Lisa Marie’s signature which was reportedly “inconsistent with her usual and customary signature”. Another was a failure to notify Priscilla of the change at the time according to the recently filed documents.  The filing notes that Barry already intended to resign from his position in the trust, which would have left Priscilla and Riley as co-trustees. Ultimately, Priscilla’s filing requested a judge to declare the 2016 amendment invalid. Lisa Marie and Barry had a notorious legal battle in 2018, which publicised the star’s financial situation at the time. The singer sued her business manager saying his mismanagement of funds saw her $100million inheritance running down to just $14,000 by 2016 and claimed his business decisions left her with $500,000 credit card debt.  The filing was reportedly made just days after Lisa Marie had been buried at Graceland alongside her son and her father. Lisa Marie is survived by her mother Priscilla as well as her three daughters, Riley who is 33 and her twins Harper and Finley who are 14. The singer’s son, Benjamin, tragically took his life in July 2020 at the age of 28.