Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola could soon leave the club after the Citizens were charged with over 100 financial offences by the Premier League. The Spaniard could be inspired by his former assistant Mikel Arteta when it comes to finding a new job. And Express Sport takes a look at five moves Guardiola could make. Barcelona Guardiola spent four years in charge of Barcelona between 2008 and 2012 after enjoying a successful career at the Nou Camp as a player. During his time at the helm, the 52-year-old led the club to Champions League glory on two occasions, as well as two Club World Cup trophies and three La Liga titles. And last month he said: “If I'm training here, wherever and Barcelona calls me, I'll go to Barcelona - it's my club.” Those comments came as Guardiola was speaking about Arteta, who spent three-and-a-half years as his No 2 at the Etihad Stadium before jumping ship to return to his former club Arsenal. “This boy likes Arsenal,” explained Guardiola. “Everyone has dreams and I know he went to his club, the club he dreamed of. He was a fan of Arsenal by playing there, he was captain and he loved that club so I did not want to oppose him. Life is too short. You have to fly.” READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Newcastle Guardiola has led City to four Premier League titles since taking over from Manuel Pellegrini as manager in 2016. And he has been aided in his endeavours by his team’s spending ability over the years. But Newcastle are the new cash kings of English football after being taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium in 2021. And the Magpies could attempt to lure Guardiola to the north east in the hope that he can repeat his City achievements at St James’ Park. Inter Milan Guardiola has enjoyed success with Barca and City as well as in Germany with Bayern Munich. But he is yet to manage in Italy and could decide to give it a bash at Inter Milan should the opportunity present itself. Jose Mourinho showed that it’s possible to win the biggest trophies of all with Inter in 2010 after leading the club to the Champions League title. And Guardiola may well back himself to do the same thing. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    England national team Guardiola has admitted in the past that he would like to have a crack at international management. And he would surely be welcomed with open arms by the FA if he expressed an interest in taking over from current Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate. “Gareth is doing an incredible job and has just signed a new contract, so congratulations,” Guardiola said back in 2021. “But when I finish here, it would be a pleasure to live a World Cup or Euros. I would like that - but normally it is not easy because there are so few positions.” Spain national team Guardiola may decide he would prefer to take charge of his home country if he does want to head into international management. The ex-midfielder won 47 caps for Spain during his playing days and told Gary Lineker in 2017: “I would like to coach Spain I think. I would like to coach at a World Cup or a European Championships one day.” 