From EastEnders and Outlander to Ackley Bridge and Doctor Foster, some of the UK's most recognisable TV actors are coming together for You season four. Set in London, the drama follows Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) once again as he tries to start afresh overseas. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of You season four. Serial killer and stalker Joe Goldberg is trying to reinvent himself as a professor in the UK under the new name of Jonathan Moore. He is attempting to keep a low profile but finds himself playing detective as a new killer murdering the wealthy has emerged. Apart from portraying Joe Goldberg in the previous three seasons of You, actor Penn Badgley is best recognised as Dan Humphrey in Gossip Girl. He has also been in Easy A, John Tucker Must Die, Here Today and The Slap. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Art gallery director Kate is thought to be Joe's latest obsession and is described as a "smart, independent figure". She doesn't take to Joe when they first meet but that doesn't mean sparks won't fly later on. Actress Charlotte Ritchie plays Alison in Ghosts, Hannah in Siblings, Alison in Dead Pixels, George in Feel Good and Oregon in Fresh Meat. She was also behind Barbara Gilbert in the BBC period drama Call the Midwife. Marienne was Joe's love interest in season three who he pursued to Paris in the series finale. She was falling for Joe until Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti) warned her of his true nature and went on the run to protect herself and her daughter. Actress Tati Gabrielle has been in Kaleidoscope and Netflix's Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. Not only is Malcolm a professor and a party boy but he is also Kate's boyfriend. It is Malcolm who first introduces Joe to his wealthy circle of friends in season four. Actor Stephen Hagan has been in Midsomer Murders, Injustice, BBC's The Cut and Stan Lee's Lucky Man. Actress Tilly Keeper famously played Louise Mitchell in EastEnders and has since been in BBC Three's Make Me Famous, Marooned Awakening and True Colours. She is behind Lady Phoebe, Kate's best friend, dating Adam (Lukas Gage), making her one-half of the social media "it" couple. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [EXPLAINER]Fauda welcomed Call My Agent star Laura Smet to the cast in series 4 [CAST]Prince Andrew interview movie announced starring Gillian Anderson [REVEALED] Literature student Nadia quickly becomes a fan of Joe and his teaching style and so befriends her professor. She has struggled to be accepted by her peers though and has made some big mistakes in her life so far which could threaten her dream career as an author. Actress Amy-Leigh Hickman has been in Our Girl, Ackley Bridge, Strike Back and Safe, just to name some of her previous work. Rhys is an author and aspiring politician who becomes acquainted with Joe at the university. Actor Ed Speleers was Stephen Bonnet in Outlander and has been in Eragon and Downton Abbey. A long-standing friend of Kate's, Roald is described as having a "dark side". He is played by Ben Wiggins who has been in Grantchester, A Discovery of Witches and The Sandman. Artist and son of a tech entrepreneur Simon is portrayed by Aidan Cheng who has had roles in Devils, The Girlfriend Experience and Silent Witness. Adam is a fellow American ex-pat and the boyfriend of Lady Phoebe. Actor Lukas Gage has had a variety of roles in Love, Victor, The White Lotus and Euphoria.Other cast members include: Elliot - Adam James Vic - Sean Pertwee Connie - Dario Coates Blessing - Ozioma Whenu Gemma - Eve Austin You season four premieres on Thursday, February 9, on Netflix.