The Tower of London is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the UK, but some US tourists have not been impressed by the iconic attraction and expressed those thoughts in hilarious reviews. Here are some of the best reviews from annoyed American visitors, whose complaints range from not seeing ghosts to being disappointed at the weather.   One detailer review from a disgruntled visitor described their time at the Tower of London as "100 percent pure chaos". They wrote: "There were about a million screaming children everywhere running around uncontrolled. We visited on our last day in London, which also happened to be a bank holiday, and it really threw a pall over what had been an amazing trip up to that point." Somebody else left a one-star rating after they were disappointed to not see the ghost of Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII who was executed at the Tower of London in 1535. The reviewer, named Steve, wrote: "The Warden told me the ghost of Anne Boleyn wanders around the grounds, carrying her own head, but I didn't see it, obviously not true." Another person, a self-proclaimed fortress expert named Marja, said: "Complete waste of money. And I've travelled a lot, visited many fortresses, so don't think I don't know what I m saying." READ MORE: American tourists say 'tacky' Buckingham Palace is 'uninteresting' A one-star review of the Tower of London said it had left them “feeling tired, bored and angry”. The reviewer, named Peter, left a colourful review and wrote: “My tower visit today taught me little more than that the British monarchy was littered with horrendously immoral people. I didn't bother with the hellish-looking line to see the crown jewels but I'm pretty sure I'd rather see them melted town or sold for scrap. “ One other review described the Tower of London as “absolute trash” and said a beefeater, which is a popular historic nickname for a Tower of London guard, had “really hurt” their feelings. They wrote: “Very bad and I won’t recommend it because of the guards thinking they are tough just because they have got a posh uniform on.” Another review left a one-star review because of the rainy weather. They wrote: “In nice weather, the Tower is a pain but bearable. In the rain, it is really unpleasant.” DON'T MISS: Bali plans to limit tourists’ access due to bad behaviour [REPORT]Amsterdam to limit red light district and cannabis smoking [INSIGHT]Costa del Sol slams EU for 'inventing' taxes - ‘Leave tourism alone’ [REVEAL] Somebody else was upset they had been asked to make a donation to the landmark and said: “Turns out there is not only an increased price when you arrive but there's also a ‘voluntary donation’ that you need to specifically request to opt out of before paying. I didn't realize all of that, and maybe that's on me, but it felt like a pretty shady thing to do.” Another reviewer also had an issue with the guards and claimed that a beefeater, had made her cry. The upset tourist wrote: “I saw a beefeater and a boy was taking a photo of his parents with the beefeater. So I went up and tapped the boy on his shoulder to get his attention and asked him if he can take a photo for me with the beefeater. "The beefeater condescendingly reprimanded me, and I was close to tears as I have never in my entire life been treated this terribly before. So it is with great sadness in my heart that I relate this terrible encounter at the Tower of London." One of the most surprising reviews came from one disgruntled woman who complained that nobody had been impressed when she and her husband showed up in “historical Tudor gowns” and had to be escorted out of the Tower after they argued with the guards. The Californian tourist named Maven explained in her review she wished to get her picture taken in full costume, but it was not allowed after the guard explained that people had been showing up and charging tourists for pictures in historic gear. Marven said in her review that she was portraying Catherine Parr, the sixth wife of Henry VIII, and said: “[I] can recite her history probably better than the ToL paid actors!” She wrote in a long review that the guards with “curt” and she was “all but manhandled.” After leaving the Tower, Maven then began taking photos outside the Tower but then again approached again by the same guard who apparently told her she was “walking through here like you’re Queen of the castle.” Marven was then escorted to the end of the street, and wrote: “Absolutely treated like a criminal! Completely unnecessary.” Marven finished her review and said she would be seeking “legal grounds on the topic of discrimination” but it is unknown if Marven ever got any response after the incident.