Patsy Kensit confirmed she said "yes" after the on-screen actress shared a series of videos on Instagram on Saturday. The EastEnders actress is set to tie the knot with millionaire property tycoon lover, Patric Cassidy, after he got down on one knee with a huge diamond ring during their beach getaway. Patric, 58, who is now a multi-millionaire thanks to his booming empire, is thought to have been introduced to her by friends. The 54-year-old shared a series of stunning pictures and videos following the romantic proposal - which saw the business mogul surprise her on the beach. Patric got down on one knee in the centre of a love heart made up of rose petals on the sand as the sun set behind the couple. Sharing the sweet snap with her 131,000 followers, Patsy captioned the post: "I said Yes." READ MORE: Richard Gere, 73, taken to hospital with pneumonia in Mexico In an accompanying video, the actress showed off her her huge diamond ring, which she showed off on camera. Celebrity pals flocked to comment on the post, as they congratulated the small-screen star. Michelle Keegan penned: "Awwww Patsy you deserve every big of happiness. Congratulations xx." Denise Van Outen commented: "Congratulations."   Elizabeth Hurley wrote: "Wow," followed by a series of heart emojis. Supermodel Naomi Campbell added: "Congratulations @Patsykensit." Back in September, rumours began circulating that the actress and Patric were reportedly engaged already, according to MailOnline. She was said to have accepted a proposal from her lover after he got down on one knee during a fish supper. DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon praised for being ‘unafraid’ to show postpartum reality[LATEST]Alex Scott risks flashing too much in leggy gown at pre-BAFTAs party[PICTURES]Britney Spears admits 'hubby hates this video' as she posts racy clip[US] The news comes after Patsy said she would never marry again after splitting with her fourth husband. She said the break-up with DJ Jeremy Healy left her feeling "foolish and ashamed" and plunged her into a depression. "I lost my confidence and ballooned from eight stone to 11," she said at the time. "I'm looking forward now, with one million per cent conviction, that I definitely won't be getting married again," she insisted. Earlier this month, Patsy opened up about relationships, telling the Mirror: “Men become way more interesting in their 50s, which is a revelation to me.” She first married at the age of 22 to Dan Donovan of the band Big Audio Dynamite but they divorced three years later. In 1992, she married Jim Kerr, who is the frontman of Simple Minds, and gave birth to her son James the following year. But her relationship with Jim broke down after four years and in 1997, she married Oasis rocker Liam Gallagher. The couple's son Lennon was born in 1999 and the couple divorced the following year. The actress then married her on/off partner, DJ Jeremy Healy, 60, who was behind 80s band Haysi Fantayzee, in 2009 before splitting the following year. Patsy has since got engaged to Patric after the couple began dating last year.