The 911 call from the night a mum of three allegedly strangled her children to death has been revealed ahead of her arraignment in court later today (February 7). The chilling call reveals that Lindsay Clancy, 32, cut herself before jumping from the top floor of her home on the night of what police described as an attempted murder-suicide. Ms Clancy - who was on leave from her job as a labour ward nurse - remains in hospital waiting to be arraigned on murder charges. The disturbing call between emergency dispatchers reveals that the 32-year-old mum suffered from extensive injuries after jumping from the top floor of her Massachusetts house on January 24. The call handler can be heard saying: "A female party jumped off the top floor of the house. Impact injury, neck lacerations — she’s conscious at this time… It was over a 20-foot fall.” The dispatcher also says they couldn't locate the knife "or whatever she used to slit” herself, referring to the case as a “suicidal situation.” The first responders then requested more ambulances to be sent to the scene, informing the dispatcher that there were four patients in total - including "two paediatrics” in cardiac arrest. Clancy has been charged with strangling her two young children - daughter Cora, 5, and son Dawson, 3, - and attempting to kill her baby before jumping from a window. The mum, of Plymouth, Massachusetts, has been charged with two counts of homicide and three counts of strangulation, according to officials. But the charges are expected to be upgraded after her youngest, seven-month-old Callan, later died in hospital. READ MORE: Gary Glitter will be housed in hostel near 10 schools District Attorney Tim Cruz confirmed that police responded to a call at the family's home in Duxbury - located around 35 miles southeast of Boston - after Clancy's husband called 911 at around 6pm on January 24. Her husband, Patrick, found his wife lying outside their home after he returned from picking up dinner for the family. Clancy has been in hospital since the horrifying night and has reportedly had no contact with anyone other than medical staff and lawyers. She's bedridden but can communicate, an attorney explained, saying: "She is not paralyzed. She can move her legs. She can move her arms. She has been writing and being able to verbally communicate." Kevin Reddington, Clancy's attorney, said the mum was overmedicated on around 12 prescription drugs that were "turning her into a zombie" when she allegedly killed her children. She is believed to have been struggling with postpartum psychosis after giving birth to her youngest son and was open about her struggles on social media. Clancy will be arraigned on two counts of murder and three counts each of strangulation, assault and battery with a dangerous weapon via Zoom in Plymouth District Court on Tuesday. However, the charges are expected to be upgraded following the death of her baby son, who died days after the attack. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews