Whether you’re a wine enthusiast, or just simply want the opportunity to try free wines, Aldi is looking for customers to take part in its Wine Club. The supermarket needs 30 vino-loving superstars to make up the latest wine club panel - an exclusive group of Aldi shoppers with a passion for wine - who will sample a selection of wines over the next couple of months. To apply for a role on the wine club panel, budding tasters need to send an email to Aldiwineclub@clarioncomms.co.uk by Monday March 13 with the below details: READ MORE: Weetabix vs supermarket own wheat bisks compared in a taste test There are some restrictions on entry: Entry is open to all residents of the UK aged 18 or over except: ALDI’s employees and their immediate families (such as children, spouses, siblings, aunts, uncles and grandparents); or employees, officers or agents of any companies associated with the Competition. No more than one entry may be made per person. Anyone found to be creating or using multiple Twitter and Instagram accounts to enter the Competition will be ineligible to become an Aldi Wine Club Member. Use of a false name or address, or the provision of any other untruthful, inaccurate or misleading information, will result in disqualification from the Competition. All entries must be made directly by the person who controls the Twitter / Instagram accounts used to enter the Competition. DON'T MISS...50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [BEAUTY]Princess Charlotte set to have different future 'path' to George [COMMENT]Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon [PICTURES] As for when you’ll find out if you’re a lucky member of the Aldi Wine Club, Aldi will attempt to contact the chosen Aldi Wine Club Members by e-mail within seven days of the date on which the competition ends. Successful applicants will receive three bottles from Aldi’s award-winning range which will need to be tested, reviewed, and consumed over a six-week period. The chosen wine lovers will simply be asked to share their honest reviews of the wines across their Instagram or Twitter pages, using the dedicated #AldiWineClub hashtag. Aldi will also supply the handpicked Wine Club members with a selection of tasting notes from Sam Caporn, Mistress of Wine and face of the Aldi Wine School, and tips on how to taste wine. READ MORE: Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste Sam offered a few example tips: “Keep the wine you plan to taste somewhere that has a fairly constant, cool temperature (big temperature fluctuations are bad for wine so above the oven for example is a big no-no). “It may seem pretentious to smell wine, but it’s a really important step of the wine tasting process as aroma and taste equal flavour. “Smelling wine releases the aromas and helps you to identify different flavours that your tongue might not pick up. “Gently swirl the glass just before to make it easier to pick up on your favourite wine flavours that your taste buds alone won't be able to pick up. “Don't serve your whites or pinks too cold as that makes them harder to smell. As the wine warms up in the glass you will find the wine changes slightly and the aromas become more distinct.” Aldi’s award-winning beers, wines and spirits are no longer available for home delivery. It comes as the supermarket stopped the service at the end of January this year, but with almost 1,000 stores open in the UK, 200 of which are offering Click and Collect, customers can still shop the whole range. Full terms and conditions are available on the Aldi Wine Club page. 