Millions of Outlander fans are still waiting for the return of the series this summer, the first of two final seasons which will bring the epic Starz drama to a close. While Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) prepare for battle, their former co-star Ed Speleers has been celebrating an exciting new role in the Star Trek franchise. Tributes have poured in for the Outlander star after it was revealed he would be playing a major role in the upcoming third season of Star Trek: Picard. The popular spin-off returns Sir Patrick Stewart to his iconic portrayal of starship captain Jean-Luc Picard, which is expected to come to an end this year. Speleers’ involvement in season three was confirmed earlier this week with the latest trailer, which also featured new cast member Todd Stashwick as the captain of the USS Titan. The Outlander star will portray an aide to Beverley Crusher (Gates McFadden), a Next Generation mainstay who is making her comeback this year. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Several other members of the original cast will also return, including LeVar Burton as Geordi La Forge and Jonathan Frakes as William Riker. In the caption of his latest Instagram post, Speleers wrote: “Forgive me for the @startrekonplus bombardment. “But it's been a long time coming and the whole experience holds and will hold a very special place for me and my family. “I had the great fortune to work with some exceptionally talented people on both sides of the camera.” “This was a part I cherished in ways that I cannot articulate properly on social media and I've felt honoured to become part of the Star Trek family. “I'm a big fan of this poster as well... just saying. It feels like an 80s throwback. Engage and make it so won't you?!! Oh and it airs on FEBRUARY 16th.....!” A number of Speleers’ followers who know him from Outlander and other roles took to the comments to congratulate him on his new venture. @erickaganprops replied: “No forgiveness necessary! You know how long fans have been waiting for this? Excited for you and everyone involved.” DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘in tears’ from Pedro Pascal’s Mario skit [REACTION]Law and Order SVU delayed by schedule shake-up [LATEST]Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filming [EXCLUSIVE] @dianenigg wrote: “Thanks for letting us know and congratulations on your role. We are very much looking forward to seeing this final season.” “No need to worry about bombarding your fans!” @lesliebwells59 assured the actor. “I know I can speak for all of us when I say that we’re all thrilled for you! That must be something to see yourself there with all of them and right where you belong.” @scottishjudy commented: “Share away. So cool. I'm so happy for you. You're a great actor.” “Good work Ed,” @d27vam added. “Let me know if you are doing any crazy running adventures again and I’ll come and keep you company.” And @cagl924 exclaimed: “Oh yes! How exciting! I mean, who wouldn’t want to be part of that franchise? Can’t wait to see it!” While Picard’s third season was originally reported to bring an end to Stewart’s Star Trek run, there has also been interest in continuing the series or developing a spin-off from the cast and crew. Star Trek: Picard season 3 premieres Thursday, February 16 on Paramount+.