Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag reportedly tried to recall Dean Henderson from Nottingham Forest during the January transfer window. The England international is currently spending the season on loan at the City Ground after leaving back in the summer. However, Jack Butland ended up moving to Old Trafford last month instead. United decided to send Henderson out on loan back in the summer, before the goalkeeper had actually talked with Ten Hag. Fed up with being behind David De Gea in the club’s pecking order, having previously been promised the chance to be their No 1, Nottingham Forest were happy to snap him up. Henderson has done well enough at the City Ground, despite Forest struggling this term. And the Manchester Evening News say Ten Hag held a video call with the 25-year-old in the hope he’d return to the club. United, last month, saw Martin Dubravka return to Newcastle - with the Slovakia international looking shaky during his two appearances for the Red Devils. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Ten Hag apparently thought Henderson would be open to coming back to his parent club due to the shot-stopper regularly ‘fishing the ball out of the back of the net’. He told the goalkeeper this, insisting his loan spell at Forest was starting to become counter-productive. However, Henderson has ultimately opted to remain at Forest with United then signing Butland from Crystal Palace on loan instead. At the start of the month, Red Devils supremo John Murtough briefed it would be a ‘quiet’ transfer window. But Butland was one of three players to move to United, with the club taking action at a time where they’re still in contention for four major trophies. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United entered the window knowing they had to land a short-term replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, who left back in November. So they moved with speed to land Wout Weghorst, despite Joao Felix being one of their preferred options. The Netherlands international has already opened his account for the club, scoring in their 3-0 win over Forest in the Carabao Cup last week. And he’s poised to lead the line in the reverse fixture tonight as the Red Devils look to make the final of the competition, where Newcastle lie in wait. Initially, it seemed as though United wouldn’t be active on transfer deadline day. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract But following the news Christian Eriksen would be sidelined until April or May, the Red Devils sprung into life by acquiring Marcel Sabitzer. Sabitzer has joined United on loan from Bayern Munich, with the Austria international poised for a big role in the coming weeks and months ahead. And Murtough explained the deal for the midfielder by saying: “Marcel is a player that we have watched for a long time. “The opportunity arose quickly, and we knew that he was someone with the ability and character to make an impact. “He adds further quality to our squad and experience to the dressing room, and all of us are pleased to be welcoming him to Manchester United.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sabitzer himself added: “Sometimes in life you have to make quick and important decisions. “From the moment I heard about this opportunity I knew it was right for me. I am a competitive player; I want to win and help the club achieve its aims this season. “I feel that I am at my peak as a player, and that I can contribute a lot of experience and energy to the squad. “I am excited to start with my new team-mates and manager and to show my qualities to Manchester United fans.”