Former Manchester United striker Andy Cole has accused Jamie Carragher of "wanting soundbites" after the Sky Sports pundit recently suggested Erling Haaland had joined the wrong Premier League club in Manchester City. The ex-Liverpool centre-back made the comments in light of the champion's 1-0 defeat at Tottenham earlier this month in which the Norwegian sensation failed to register a single touch in the opposition box. He also failed to have a single shot at Hugo Lloris' goal. "I think we've only seen 60 per cent of Erling Haaland," Carragher said in the Sky Sports studio. "You think of the goal he got vs West Ham when there was space in behind and he gets in behind. I know that's not there every time due to the way City play. "He's come from a counter-attacking league [the Bundesliga] where it's end to end. You saw his blistering pace there - we don't see it here. "He might have picked the wrong club to actually get the best out of him." Cole's former United striker partner Dwight Yorke recently labelled the comments "ludicrous" as he slammed "waffler" Carragher. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised Premier League legend Cole is in agreement that Carragher's argument is flawed and he initially declared he doesn't get involved in petulance between old pros before going on the attack. "It sounded like Dwight Yorke was down a warpath! I'm at the age now where I don't get involved in that nonsense anymore," Cole told Best Sports Betting Canada. "People like Jaime Carragher say things just to say things. If Erling Haaland continued his form from the start of the season, there would be no question that he made the wrong choice in joining Manchester City. "Don't forget, these were the same people that were saying 'what a revelation Erling Haaland is at Manchester City'. Then he goes through a sticky patch, now the question is if he made the wrong decision. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  "How has he made the wrong decision, five or six months into the season, and scored 26 goals in the Premier League? It was not a bad decision for Haaland to join Manchester City three or four months ago." Haaland is the Premier League's top goalscorer with 26 goals having hit the back of the net 32 times in all competitions. Carragher's comments were recently rubbished by Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola, who claims it's farcical to raise any form of doubt over the former Borussia Dortmund striker. Cole feels Carragher is simply chasing a "soundbite" as he continued to defend his former side's purchase of Europe's leading scorer. He added: "Haaland is totally different to what Manchester City usually have, he does not get involved in the play as much, but because they create so many chances, he scores goals. "But sometimes when he does not get his usual service, people start to question whether he fits into the team, how is he not the right fit if he's scored all these goals? If he had not scored as many goals as he did, then I would understand, but sometimes people just want soundbites. "Teams might have realised how to defend against him, or Manchester City sometimes do not play to his strength with a ball in behind, and that might be what Haaland is not used to." Haaland endured another frustrating afternoon on the road at Nottingham Forest on Saturday as he squandered two high-profile chances in the 1-1 draw at the City Ground. He has now scored just one goal in his past four Premier League matches having previously netted another hat-trick - his fourth of the campaign - in the 3-0 win over Wolves in January.