It may only be Tuesday, but don't let that bother you because at least there's a new Wordle puzzle to solve. Wordle 598 is live for the next 24-hours, so act fast if you want to solve the teaser and keep your winning streak alive. Of course, when you're dealing with a puzzle this difficult, that's easier said than done. Indeed, if you're struggling with Wordle 598 on February 7, head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck! The perfect game to play on the commute to work, Wordle tasks players with figuring out a five letter word in just six guesses. To master Wordle and solve those puzzles, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 598 on February 7... It may be Monday, but don't let that bother you because at least there's a new Wordle puzzle to solve. Wordle 513 is live for the next 24-hours, so act fast if you want to solve the teaser and keep your winning streak alive. Of course, when you're dealing with a puzzle this difficult, that's easier said than done. Indeed, if you're struggling with Wordle 513 on November 14, head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck! General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 598 hints and clues for February 7... 1. Wordle 598 starts with the letter A. 2. Wordle 598 contains two vowels. 3. The third clue has got to be on this page somewhere....