Chelsea boss Graham Potter is reportedly having "tough" conversations with his squad behind-the-scenes at the Blues' training ground complex as the former Brighton man is becoming increasingly under pressure at Stamford Bridge. Potter's outfit are languishing in tenth place in the Premier League table after their latest dismal performance in a 1-0 defeat to Southampton. The Telegraph have claimed that Potter still retains the support of co-owner Todd Boehly, however, and his behind-the-scenes demeanour is a stark contrast to the public persona that has been criticised in the media. The report states that while the ownership group is happy that Potter is not willing to throw his players under the bus amid their poor run of form, he has been willing to be animated on the training pitch and during team meetings with his squad behind closed doors. There has been a number of instances when he has been upset and had difficult conversations with players in the dressing room and during meetings, as the boss has been described as intense and there are no fears over his mentality and whether he has the right personality for the job at hand. His predecessor Thomas Tuchel had no problems criticising the squad, particularly during a pre-season defeat to Arsenal as the German complained that his side were unable to compete with their league rivals and his comments did not go down well with the new hierarchy before he was dismissed from his job. The Blues chiefs including Boehly and Behdad Eghbali remain supportive over Potter though his team selection against Southampton was criticised as Reece James, Thiago Silva, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Kai Havertz and Raheem Sterling were omitted from the starting line-up. The boss received advice from the medical department that the quintet would have been at serious risk of injury if they did play and the club's owners were happy that Potter put the welfare of his players over his own personal need to get results.   Boehly and Eghbali have overseen training sessions at Cobham and have been impressed as they feel that the results of more time under Potter and hard work, the Blues will begin to turn around their season. Potter faced a barrage of boos from fans at full-time at Stamford Bridge following the defeat at Southampton and admitted that he understood their feelings, although he believes that he is the man to turn the club's fortunes around.  “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable," Potter said. "I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. “I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. “My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough.” 