 Jennifer Lopez, 53, and Ben Affleck, 50, attended the Grammy Awards on Sunday evening and while the Batman actor soon became a meme, fans believe they spotted something else stirring at their table too. However, the On The Floor singer has broken her silence on the situation, slamming thoughts of a row between the newlyweds.  On Monday evening, JLo took to Instagram with a fresh behind-the-scenes clip from the Grammys. Set to the tune of the now Grammy-winning song As It Was by Harry Styles, the clip’s caption ensured row rumours were laid to rest as the singer wrote: “Always the best time with my love, my husband.” However, despite showing off her affectionate husband in the short video, fans in the comments section claimed she should’ve “left him at home”. One wrote: “It’s just such a fun night for you but you don’t look truly happy because Ben can’t seem to enjoy himself.  “He’s trying to be supportive but it’s not his thing.” Another declared the post was nothing more than a “great PR” move, adding: “The whole world saw the energy and its written all over your face darling, your shine has gone, and he looks forced to play along." A third sympathised with the singer adding: "This is why I don’t take pictures with my husband anymore. "He never seems to be enjoying himself or he’s just not photogenic. But I’m not having a second hand embarrassment moment."     Ben had become a meme during music’s biggest night due to his “bored face” and “thousand-yard stare”. One person on Twitter wrote as the live camera turned to the actor: “Why does Ben Affleck look like he's 10 minutes away from crying during a much-needed smoke break?" Ben’s seemingly bored demeanour was intensified as JLo appeared to be the exact opposite, happily jiving and socialising alongside him in her navy blue dress with Swarovski crystals. Later in the evening, as the memes kept rolling in comparing the Gone Girl star to wet dogs or claiming he was the “only honest man in the room”, fans thought they spotted a tense moment between the married couple.  Grammy host Trevor Noah was being filmed in a live segment right next to the pair pretending to talk on the phone to his mom. Seemingly unaware of the rolling cameras, Ben leaned closer to his wife and whispered something in her ear to which she appeared to respond with a look of shock as she jolted away from her husband. The singer then seemed to explain something to him, lightly hitting his chest with the back of her hand, before noticing the cameras and sweetly smiling at Trevor as he continued with his joke. In another shot, Ben seems to be talking to his wife while she appears to ignore him, pulling out her phone instead.  The clip quickly went viral on social media, with countless fans praising the cameraman. One shared on TikTok: “The Grammy producers are so messy for this but I love it. “HER FACE WHEN SHE SAW THE CAMERA LOL." Another wrote on Twitter: "Whoever the camera person is tonight, they deserve a raise cause they are FEEDING US!!!!!!" Express.co.uk has contacted Jennifer and Ben’s representatives for comment.