Chelsea head coach Graham Potter says he will not intervene in contract negotiations between Mason Mount and the club. The Blues midfielder's future remains up in the air as he is yet to sign a long-term contract extension and, with interest from fellow Premier League teams, it remains possible Mount could leave this summer, with Liverpool keeping tabs on his situation. Mount has less than 18 months to run on his current deal, which expires in 2024, and Premier League clubs such as Liverpool and Manchester City are thought to be monitoring the situation ahead of a potential summer move. But despite the threat of losing one of the club's most valued academy graduates and a player who contributed 11 goals and 10 assists in the Premier League last season, Potter believes it is best for him to allow talks to continue without his influence. "I think it's always complicated, there's always negotiations. it's best I leave it between Mason and the club," Potter said of Mount's contract situation. "That's the best way for that to be dealt with, as far as I'm concerned. He's been fantastic to work with, an important player for us, and I hope it gets resolved quickly." READ MORE: Liverpool could take advantage of Chelsea 'swap offer' to sign Mount The 24-year-old is currently one of the lowest-paid senior members in Potter's squad and is believed to be earning around £60,000 a week - a figure dwarfed by team-mates such as Raheem Sterling and Reece James. Chelsea are desperate to tie down Mount to a new seven-year contract as they see the versatile midfielder as a future club captain. But Mount has so far rejected their offer for a pay rise, believed to be in excess of £200,000 a week, as he wants his contract to reflect his value as one of the club's most important players. Chelsea have largely underachieved this season having won only two of their last 14 games under Potter and Mount too has struggled for form of late, scoring only three times in the Premier League this season. And after the club spent £323million in the January transfer window, he could find himself fighting for his first-team spot. DON'T MISSJamie Carragher 'baffled' by Chelsea and names 'massive problem'Chelsea owner Boehly told he must 'spend more' after Dortmund lossChelsea told they've signed a new Cesc Fabregas in Enzo Fernandez He was left out of the starting XI by Potter for the west London club's Champions League tie with Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday, which ended in a 1-0 defeat after Karim Adeyemi's goal. Mount was brought on late in the game, but the midfielder looked far from his best. And it has been suggested that the Cobham graduate has suffered due to speculation surrounding his future, with recent reports that he could be used in a swap deal with Atletico Madrid for Joao Felix, who is currently on loan from the Spanish club. Chelsea's priority is to keep Mount at the club in the second half of the season to avoid the £60m-rated star leaving for one of their rivals. But it appears co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali will be forced to carry out the work, with director of football Christopher Vivell and co-sporting directors Laurence Stewart and Paul Winstanley likely to be key in those contract talks.