Chelsea owner Todd Boehly could have some big problems to deal with further down the line as a result of his strategy of tying down the club's new signings to eight-year contracts, according to former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher. The Blues have been the Premier League's biggest spenders by quite some distance over the last two transfer windows, with Boehly splashing a combined total of around £323million on new players in January alone. The likes of Benoit Badiashile, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Enzo Fernandez all signed eight-year deals upon joining Chelsea, which is believed to be an amortisation ploy from the west Londoners to get around Financial Fair Play restrictions by spreading costs over an extended period of time. Carragher believes that although credit should go to Boehly for his initiative, he may struggle to offload some players if they fail to perform at Stamford Bridge, while Chelsea could also face a range of problems if their stars demand higher salaries in the near future."If Todd Boehly and Chelsea have found a way around the rules, without breaking them, by putting players on eight- or nine-year contracts, I’ll say good luck to them," said Carragher, speaking on The Overlap Live Fan Debate, in partnership with Sky Bet."If he has found a way to beat the system, to go out and spend this money without breaking any FFP rules, then he’s ahead of the game. But there are so many smart people in football, and I can’t believe he, who has only just come into the English game, has found a way that no one else has ever thought of. JUST IN: Leeds could hire another Marcelo Bielsa in the form of Arne Slot "What’s down the road for Chelsea, putting players on eight-year contracts? After a few seasons if they don’t do very well, how do you get rid of them? Or, if they do well, they’ll look at the where the market is and want more money and another contract."It remains to be seen whether Boehly's unusual strategy will come back to haunt him in future seasons, although the 49-year-old has shown on plenty of occasions that he is not afraid to delve into his pockets since taking over at Chelsea last year. The club smashed the British transfer record to sign Fernandez from Benfica last month, while it has also been reported that the likes of Mason Mount and Reece James could join Chelsea's new signings in being tied down to eight-year contracts in the not-too-distant future. Their aggressive spending policy has not gone down well in some quarters, though, with many rival clubs having reacted with 'jealousy, bitterness, admiration and confusion' to Chelsea's exploits in recent transfer windows, according to The Athletic. Graeme Souness recently took aim at Boehly by insisting that is not being careful enough in his recruitment as a result of a lack of knowledge regarding the true value of the players he has signed."When it comes to Fernandez, Chelsea have paid a premium on top of a premium on top of a premium," wrote Souness for the Daily Mail. "A premium because it is the Premier League calling. A premium because it is Chelsea. A premium because they want this player now."Boehly is the latest super-rich businessman learning about our football the hard way and having his trousers taken down when it comes to transfer dealings, by not knowing the value of the players he is buying." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.