Manchester United captain Harry Maguire showed he is the ultimate professional by deflecting attention onto his team-mates after an important win at Leeds. The England defender was handed a rare start in the 2-0 triumph at Elland Road and kept an important clean sheet as the Red Devils rekindled their Champions League qualification pursuit. Maguire impressed in the game and might have a strong argument to make further starts under Erik ten Hag. The 29-year-old kept a clean sheet alongside makeshift central defender Luke Shaw, while Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez began on the bench. There was plenty of attention on Maguire, with the Three Lions star starting a top-flight game for just the sixth time this season. However, he insisted that all the talk should be about his team-mates and told Ten Hag that he does not mind if he isn't playing. Maguire said: “Winning the game is most important, it’s not about myself. I’m the captain of the team, I put the team miles before myself and playing or not I want the team to do well and be successful so it’s been a good season up until now. JUST IN: Leeds may hire their own Ten Hag as potential manager at Man Utd match “We still have a lot of improvement and the big games are coming, but it’s nice to come in, get a clean sheet and get a victory. It’s a good one for the fans.” United overcame a disappointing draw with Leeds on Wednesday by beating their fierce rivals in a quickfire reverse fixture on Sunday. But they had to put up a major fight for the three points, with Leeds creating plenty of chances in the second half. Ten Hag was visibly frustrated with his side as they surrendered territory to Leeds. But Maguire, Shaw and latterly Martinez weathered the storm and ultimately benefited from a gritty performance. DON'T MISS...Leeds may hire their own Ten Hag as potential manager at Man Utd matchLeeds next manager - Nuno's stance on job emerges before Man Utd clashUkrainian Marseille star targeted by commentators with Russia comments   Marcus Rashford headed United into the lead in the 80th minute, with the striker just about keeping himself onside to meet a left-wing cross. Substitute Alejandro Garnacho slammed home a second goal on the counter-attack five minutes later. Maguire praised goalkeeper David De Gea after the Spaniard made his 400th appearance for the club. The long-serving shot-stopper celebrated with a clean sheet at Elland Road. “To play 400 games as number one for this club just shows how good he is,” Maguire said. “Over the years, he’s an absolute legend for the club and still is performing at the highest level. He’s world class and he’s proven that again this season.”