Kelsey Parker, 32, told fans she still feels “angry, sad and lonely” after her husband Tom Parker died from a brain tumour in 2022. Kelsey, who shares two young children with the late The Wanted star, thanked him for the “best years of her life”.   She shared a picture of herself and Tom kissing in view of her 400,000 Instagram followers, as she spoke candidly about how she was feeling this Valentine's Day. “This time last year I was full of hope,” Kelsey wrote. “We were in Spain where Tom was in daily therapy and he was the strongest and healthiest he’d been in a long time. “I was lucky enough to spend Valentine’s and another 3 weeks just me and Tom. “I never could have known how precious that time was or imagined the pain that was ahead of me and now, a year later, I’m facing the anniversary of a whole year without you Tom. READ MORE: Jennie Bond puts on ageless display in jaw-dropping swimsuit snap    “I’ve been wondering if and what I should post for Valentine’s Day and my friend asked me what do I want to post and how do I feel? Everything I replied,” she continued. “I’m angry, sad, lonely, wishing more than anything that none of this happened to us. “But it did and I’m grateful for the years we had, the love we shared and the babies we made.” Tom is survived by his wife and two children: daughter Aurelia, three and son Bodhi, two.       “I’m so grateful for them,” Kelsey said of her children. “They bring me joy every single day. “So this Valentines I guess my message is that if you’re lucky enough to spend it with someone you love, cherish it. Soak it up. “Reflect on the importance of your relationship, the love you feel for each other and remember to honour it. You are blessed. “We’re all here to love and to be loved. If you’re on your own, remember you’re not on your own,” she told her followers. READ MORE... Dan Walker's biggest Valentine’s Day mistake with rarely seen wife [NEWS] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [NEWS] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [INSIGHT]       “Valentines is a day to celebrate love so celebrate all the love in your world, whether it’s romantic or not. “I couldn’t feel any more loved by everyone on here who has followed, supported, liked, commented, sent me DM’s when I’ve needed them most. “My family, my friends, my village - everyone who has got us through the last year. “That anniversary is coming and it’s one of the hardest times right now but today I’m going to remember how loved I felt for the last 13 valentines with Tom.      “The years he went all out, the years we spent a part but so in love and I’m just going to remember how lucky I was. “I love you Tom. Thank you for the best years of my life,” she concluded with the hashtag #positiveparkersforever. (sic) Tom was a member of boyband The Wanted, which also consists of Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness and Nathan Sykes. The late singer announced that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable grade 4 glioblastoma (a type of brain tumour) on October 12, 2020, and died at the age of 33 on March 30, 2022.   