Meghan Markle once wrote about "Princess Kate" as well as the "pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation" around her. Since marrying into the Royal Family in 2018, Meghan and Kate Middleton were often put at odds with the general public as various comparisons of the pair were made. Meghan and Harry have starred in their own Netflix documentary series before Harry released his tell-all memoir Spare, which suggested there was an often turbulent relationship between Meghan and the Princess of Wales. In 2014 - two years before she first met Harry and while she was still starting in hit US drama Suits - Meghan ran lifestyle blog The Tig, which covered subjects like food, fashion and beauty in her own words. One resurfaced entry sees the Duchess of Sussex comment on the glittering royal wedding between Kate and Prince William three years earlier. She wrote: "Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power. "For those of you unfamiliar with the '80s cartoon reference, She-Ra is the twin sister of He-Man and a sword-wielding royal rebel known for her strength. We're definitely not talking about Cinderella here." Meghan, who is now living in California with Harry and their two young children Archie and Lilibet, went onto explain that many women carry over the princess fantasy into adult life. She continued: "Grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate." In April 2017 - just under a year after her relationship with Harry became public knowledge - the mum-of-two shut down The Tig. She penned a heartfelt message to her fans, and at the time wrote: "To all my Tig friends. READ MORE: America 'falling out of love' with Harry and Meghan after attack "After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it's time to say goodbye to The Tig. What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. "You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being "the change you wish to see in the world." "Above all, don't ever forget your worth - as I've told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough." Meanwhile, Meghan and Harry are reportedly set to be invited to the Coronation of King Charles III at Westminster Abbey on May 6. DON'T MISSPrince William's relationship with Harry faces complete breakdown [COMMENTS]Meghan Markle 'seeks big time' as she teams up with venture capitalist [LATEST]Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation [REPORT] It remains to be seen if the couple accept the invitation as tensions remain sky-high following recent claims against the Royal Family in the Netflix documentary series and Harry's book. The King is said to want his youngest son to attend the Coronation but it has been claimed Meghan could have a "way out" of attending the historic ceremony. But Angela Levin, a royal biographer, also warned there could be a "toxic atmosphere" if Harry attends, "because what he’s said since the Jubilee has actually been too horrible for words, and they’re all furious with him. She then added "he might do a quick there and back without Meghan", and was then asked by TalkTV’s Mike Graham if this "way out" for Meghan attending the Coronation is Archie’s birthday. Ms Levin replied: "They could say that she was staying at home for the birthday. However, if anybody could make any judgement about Meghan, the chance of wearing a snazzy tiara would go down very well. "Because nobody’s quite so interested in them any more, but people feel that they are to be counted. "So she’s there with a glittery tiara, I think she’d love it - never mind the kid’s birthday."