Former Liverpool players Jon Flanagan and Jose Enrique have called for an open-top bus parade amid the possibility of Manchester City being stripped of their 2013/14 Premier League title. The Sky Blues are facing a range of possible punishments, having been accused of more than 100 financial breaches since 2009/10. Liverpool went close to what would have been their first-ever Premier League title in 2013/14, finishing two points behind City after a closely-contested run-in which included Steven Gerrard's infamous slip against Chelsea at Anfield. Led by Brendan Rodgers, the Reds were a scary prospect at the time with Luis Suarez netting 31 league goals for the campaign and Liverpool racking up more than 100 goals as a collective. Flanagan was a bit-part player during his time at Anfield, but enjoyed his most successful season in 2013/14 with 23 league appearances. Supporters' interest has been piqued by claims that City could be stripped of past league titles amid a variety of possible punishments for allegedly breaching financial rules. DON'T MISS: Leeds sack Jesse Marsch as internal boardroom tension grows Flanagan is evidently one of those holding out hope, Tweeting: "When is our open-top bus parade? 13/14 [gold medal]." His former team-mate, Enrique, also got in on the act, adding: "When is the parade, Reds? I want to celebrate being a Premier League champion." The Spaniard spent five seasons at Anfield but had already started his slide into obscurity by the time City pipped them to the crown, making nine appearances in all competitions that season. Flanagan's career followed a similar path as he struggled for game time before going on to play for teams such as Charleroi and HB Koge. READ MORE...Arsenal target Milinkovic-Savic 'makes irreversible transfer decision'Man City issue defiant statement as allegations rock Guardiola's sideMan Utd fans fume as new footage shows Fred being 'choked' vs Palace City's charges include failing to provide full details of former manager Roberto Mancini's pay, breaking rules on approaching young players and not cooperating with the Premier League's four-year investigation. The process of dishing out a punishment to the Sky Blues could take years amid a feeling that they will lawyer up and fight the charges. The club issued a statement on Monday, admitting that they were 'surprised' by the allegations. City are now shrouded in uncertainty with possible punishments including expulsion from the league, fines, transfer bans, spending limits or being stripped of their league titles - the last of which could see Liverpool handed the 2013/14 crown. Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan believes that hitting City with nothing more than a fine would send the wrong message. "What we don't want to be looking at is financial consequences because they're not difficult for Man City to overcome," he told talkSPORT. "I would like to think that, if they're guilty of what they've been charged with, they get the ultimate consequences. "That means points. It means consideration of what division they play in. They'll have a menu of consequences, the last one we want to see is Man City getting a £50million fine. They couldn't care less about a £50m fine. If they're found guilty of more than 10 years of financial misrepresentation, what do you think that means?"