For millions of Outlander fans across the world, the Droughtlander will finally be coming to an end with the upcoming release of season seven. Ahead of the premiere, actor Sam Heughan opened up about the disheartening feedback he received during his time at drama school.   Since Outlander first landed on screens in 2014, Sam’s portrayal of Scottish Highlander heartthrob, Jamie Fraser has kept fans glued to screens. He was first introduced after Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) mysteriously time-travelled from 1945 to 1743. The two-character were partnered together as they both hid from the villainous Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies). While it is hard for fans to picture anyone else playing Jamie, this could have been the reality if the actor followed his acting coach’s feedback. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson During an interview on the Happy, Sad, Confused podcast with Josh Horowitz, Sam was asked about any supportive teachers he had growing up. To which he admitted: “My first year at drama school, my acting coach took me to one side after my first term and said, ‘You can’t act.’ “And I thought I’d just continue that, but it was a classical drama school and the whole part of this process was kind of breaking you down “But I think that was also kind of true it’s about confidence and drama school, that’s what it’s for, it's to fail as well.”   Sam continued: “It was actually my first play I did out of drama school and the theatre director there, he taught me a lot.” Thankfully for fans, Sam will return to screens this summer for the return of Outlander. Unlike season six, the upcoming instalment will be significantly longer with 16 episodes. This was confirmed by showrunner Matthew B Roberts in 2021, as he stated: “We are excited to get into the editing room to work on bringing the fans one step closer to reuniting with the family back on Fraser’s Ridge. “Filming in 2021 has presented an unprecedented set of challenges which led us to the decision to truncate the season in order to bring the fans the most vibrant and dynamic season as soon as possible. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT]Outlander fans are curious about Percy Beauchamp's link to Claire [REACTION]Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [INSIGHT]  “Dinna fash, we will then film an extended season seven with 16 episodes next year as life returns to normalcy.” As the drama is the onscreen adaptation of the hit novel series written by Diana Gabaldon, season seven will be based on the book, An Echo in the Bone. The main cast is expected to reprise their roles as season seven will likely pick up from the heart-breaking series six finale. After Claire was wrongfully arrested for Malva Christie’s (Jessica Reynold) murder, she and Jamie sat through the treacherous journey to Wilmington.   However, the couple was ripped apart as Jamie was abducted under Richard Brown's (Chris Larkin) instruction to ship him back to Scotland, while they continued to Wilmington. When they reached the shore, Jamie tried to fight the men off him. Thankfully his nephew Young Ian (John Bell) and his friend from the native Mohawk tribe Kaheroton (Braeden Clarke) arrived in time and fought the men with arrows. In the final moments of season six, Jamie and his men were seen galloping in direction of Wilmington. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and on Lionsgate+ in the UK. 