Daniel Ricciardo has "no chance" of stealing Sergio Perez's seat alongside Max Verstappen at Red Bull, according to Eddie Jordan. Perez was a last-minute addition to Red Bull's line-up before the start of the 2021 season after Alex Albon lost his seat. The Mexican driver settled into life at Red Bull quickly and won in just his sixth race for the team back in 2021 and played a crucial role in help Verstappen beat Lewis Hamilton to the world championship that year. Last year proved to be even better for Perez though as he came agonisingly close to a second-placed finish in the Drivers' Championship and helping Red Bull end Mercedes' reign in the Constructors' Championship. There were some signs of tension between Verstappen and Perez though at the Brazilian Grand Prix with the former refusing to let his team-mate past after being given a team order. The incident led to concerns on whether Perez and Verstappen would be able to continue working together in a team environment. And Ricciardo's return to Red Bull as a reserve driver has sparked further speculation on whether the Australian could eventually team back up with Verstappen. But former F1 team owner Jordan believes Perez's standing with the Red Bull team means his seat won't be under threat from Ricciardo.   "There is no chance that Checo will be replaced by Daniel," Jordan told OLBG. "Checo is a sweetheart in that team. "Don't forget what Checo does. He's a brilliant wing for Max, he's strong and he can win when he has to win or when he has the chance. Although there was a brief fight between the two." Ricciardo also understands his role in the team and doesn't assume that he will suddenly be handed a chance to drive on the grid for Red Bull. "No, no. That was clear from both sides and they did not have to say that," he said recently.  "They understand where I stand in my career and I'm not just going to stand in the back of the garage and watch a bit. I'm involved and if I want, I'm also in the debriefing. I'm going to do simulator work, but for now my role, so to speak, more of a marketing role. The sport is also growing, of course, and I can help with the brand. "It's not that they say 'okay, you're doing well in the simulator, so you'll get a promotion and a seat'. It's not. It will allow me to find an answer to the question of whether I want to get back on the grid in 2024 Right now it feels like I'm not done with it yet. "But time will tell. It's my choice whether I want to come back and whether that fire is still burning when the lights go out. I'm watching from the sidelines."