Prince Edward continued his father's legacy on Monday by promoting the Duke of Edinburgh Award during visits to Blackpool and Preston. The Earl of Wessex met with many Duke of Edinburgh scheme participants in order to discover what their experiences of the programme had been.  He visited a number of different places across Blackpool in order to meet young people taking part in the programme. The royal started the day by visiting Thames Primary School who were getting started on their awards before visiting South Shore Academy. At South Shore he had the opportunity to talk to current scheme participants about their experiences. The Earl also had the opportunity to hear about the skills that pupils are learning for their award such as photography.  Amy Leach, the DoE manager at South Shore has devised a programme that provides support for low-income students to be able to complete their awards. Following this the Earl went to The Oracle where award participants were helping to pick up litter in the community. The late Duke of Edinburgh established the award scheme in 1956 in the UK and it quickly spread to other countries. Those participating in the DoE can choose to reach Bronze, Silver and Gold levels.  READ MORE: Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan The award is open to those aged between 14 to 24 . It requires participants to work in five areas volunteering, expedition, skills (social skills), physical (movement), and at Gold level residential where they complete an activity in a group for five days. The Earl has been involved in the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme for decades. He completed his own Gold award back in 1986.  DON'T MISS: Sussex fans lash out at Kate for 'copying Meghan' at BAFTA event [REVEAL] Kate cuddles child and sweetly calms man's nerves by reassuring him [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry told 'it's not your day' after making 'shady' move [SPOTLIGHT]  In 1987 he was made a UK Trustee of the International Award Association. He also became the Chair of the Trustees for the International Council. In 2015 the Earl was made made the Chairman of the Trustees of The Duke of Edinburgh’s International Award Foundation. 