This Morning presenter Vanessa Feltz has admitted that although she “didn’t expect to be single at 60”, she is determined not to allow her marriage break-up from Ben Ofoedu, 50, to “write her off”. Vanessa announced her split at the weekend, sharing her “shock” and “heartbreak” over the situation. However, she has now vowed to celebrate her birthday in a couple of weeks as planned, before “hitting the town with my incredible girlfriends”, in a defiant exclusive column in tomorrow's Daily Express. The TalkTV presenter wrote of her emotions post-split: “I was very much hoping to do a Derby and Joan till death do us part. So you find me, shall we simply say, ‘discombobulated’? “Sixteen years is a creditably long relationship and the shock when you have to end it is pretty seismic. “The whole thing being played out publicly doesn’t help. I’m human and the naked ape likes to lick its wounds behind closed doors. READ MORE... Happy Valley's James Norton to marry one of the 'most desirable women' “I can tell you this though: even in those scary silent hours before dawn the survival instinct kicks in with a vengeance. “I will not let the shock and sadness write me off. “I will celebrate my birthday in a couple of weeks. I will cuddle my grandbabies, hit the town with my incredible girlfriends and I will, I fear, go on to make many more mistakes. “As the legendary Chumbawamba sang: ‘I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down!'” Vanessa claims she ended the relationship after hearing about Phats and Small singer Ben’s suspected infidelity. The TV agony aunt admitted the “trust had gone” in the wake of the cheating allegations. Confirming the news, Vanessa told fans: “I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out, because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over. “As an agony aunt I have said many times that once the trust in a relationship is gone, it can never be repaired or regained. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren BradyAmanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles “So I have to take my own advice on this occasion. “Who knew I’d be single at 60? However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come.” She added: “I hear that Kylie Minogue is single again, so I’m in good company — if she wants to hit the town, hook me up.” Express.co.uk has contacted Ben’s representatives for comment. This afternoon, Ben seemingly broke his silence on his split from Vanessa via Instagram. The musician simply posted a broken heart emoji to his stories, in view of his 45,000 followers. It comes after Ben was criticised by fans for posting an upbeat video of himself singing on a train journey. The star could be seen singing along to Fleetwood Mac's hit Dreams while smiling and nodding to the beat of the music over the weekend. One furious fan commented on the clip: "You don't look bothered even!"