This month marks the 30-year anniversary of Michael Jackson's tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. The famous talk show host quizzed the King of Pop on a plethora of hot topics, including his skin colour, his upbringing and his love life. After briefly discussing his relationship with actress and model Brooke Shields, Oprah couldn't help but ask the star about his sex life. Oprah spoke to Michael on February 10, 1993. The star was keen to clear up a number of controversies that had popped up in tabloids over the preceding months. At the time, the star had not been married, and the press and public were very keen on learning everything they could about the romantic part of his life. He had been seen dating Brooke for months at that point, so Oprah said: "Are you a virgin?" Michael was absolutely stunned by this question. He instantly put his head in his hands and exclaimed: "How could you ask me that question?!" Oprah continued: "I just want to know!" Michael was immovable, however, that he would not give the journalist every piece of information about himself. "I'm a gentleman," he sighed. "I'm a gentleman." Without offering another word, Oprah attempted to continue to pry Michael open: "So, I would interpret that to mean that you believe a lady is a lady and therefore..." Michael cut in: "It's something that's private. I mean, it shouldn't be spoken about openly. You can call me old-fashioned if you want but, you know, it's very personal." DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson made heartbreaking admission about his father's abuse [INTERVIEW]Michael Jackson biopic slammed by Leaving Neverland director [NEWS]Michael Jackson biopic will star King of Pop's nephew [INFO] Oprah asked: "So you're not going to answer?" He replied: "I'm embarrassed." It's no wonder Michael did not want to sully the trust built between himself and Brooke. He later called her "one of the loves of my life". He said: "I think she loved me as much as I loved her, you know? We dated a lot. We went out a lot. Her pictures were all over my wall, my mirror, everything." Brooke later said some wonderful things about Michael after he died on June 25, 2009. Michael suffered an accidental overdose of barbiturates. His funeral was held three months later in September, and it was attended by all of the biggest stars that worked and lived with Michael throughout his life. Including Brooke. She said of Michael at his funeral: "We had a bond. Both of us needed to be adults very early, but when we were together, we were two little kids having fun." She later hinted that there was nothing more to their relationship than friendship. SOURCE / SOURCE