Fox’s hit procedural drama 9-1-1 Lone Star released a tense promo clip for episode four, which suggested Carlos Reyes (played by Rafael L Silva) could soon meet his death. Fuelled with panic, fans took to Twitter with worry for the beloved character.   Following Tuesday’s episode of 9-1-1 Lone Star, viewers were left on the edge of their seats after Carlos was knocked out unconscious. The officer had set off on a mission to find his troubled and missing wife Iris Blake (Lyndsy Fonseca) who had seemingly been scared off after Carlos’ fiancé, TK (Ronen Rubinstein) asked her to sign the divorce papers. After discovering a 911 call she made, the officers learned Iris had been abducted and transported to an unknown location and made the call while her captor was asleep next to her. Carlos immediately headed to the location where he found his wife alone in a room and bleeding from a head wound. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending     Despite the concerns for her well-being, Carlos questioned if she was off her medication, which Iris was adamant she had taken. However, the neighbourhood was on lockdown, there was only one way out of the room, there was a drone over the neighbourhood, and no one was seen exiting the house. After Carlos decided to take a look around the house, he discovered a hidden passage - it was a tunnel which led to a kitchen. But as he continued to search, the officer was struck on the head and knocked out. But with his location unknown, fans aren’t too hopeful Carlos will make it out alive. Their fears were sparked after Fox released a promo clip for the upcoming episode, which hinted at Carlos’ death.    When the officer woke up his wrists were tied with cable wires, his colleagues at the Austin police station were sent into a panic. Officer TK (Ronen Rubinstein) demanded: “We should be out there looking for Carlos right now.” Elsewhere, the criminal warned Carlos: “No one's going to find you. Mum, go get the kit.” As the team continued to investigate their colleague's disappearance TK was made aware of a pattern which pointed at a serial killer being behind the crimes. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]Tyler Sanders dead: 911 Lone Star actor dies aged 18 [INSIGHT] 9-1-1 Lone Star fans in tears as favourite killed off-screen [REACTION]      As the clip showed quick glimpses of Carlos screaming and the perpetrator holding a knife, TK asked Gabriel Reyes (Benito Martinez): “We’re not going to find him alive, are we?” Fans also shared their fears in the comment section on YouTube, including @JayTernOfficial who wrote: “Nooo not Carlos I hope they find him and I hope he is okay.”@celestestation51smith64 warned: “Anything happens to Carlos, I’m done, TK wouldn’t be able to handle losing the love of his life. He can’t handle another loss.” The panic for Carlos’ fate also spilt over to Twitter where @AkimaxEndgame shared: “Omg that promo Carlos screaming help and TK saying they not gonna find him alive it’s so heartbreaking.”    A fourth fan, @MakaylaButterw2 tweeted: “THAT PROMO IS ALMOST TOO MICH TO HANDLE. CARLOS YOU BETTER BE OKAY!!!!" A fuming @beatenflowers added: “Y’all wtf was that promo…. when we said we wanted a Carlos episode this is NOT what we asked for.” (sic). @TarlosProtector stated: “My HEART is NOT ready for this Carlos being kidnapped and held hostage, and TK with Gabriel’s help, desperately go looking for him.” However, fans will have to stay tuned to see if the team will get to Carlos in time and if the beloved officer will survive the ordeal.  9-1-1 Lone Star continues Tuesdays on Fox in the US and on Disney+ in the UK.  