The X Factor phenomenon JLS are hitting the road once again later this year. Although the band hasn't made any new music for some time, they embarked on a comeback tour back in 2021, lighting up the lives of their dedicated fans in the process. And now, they're back. Beginning on October 20, 2023, in Dublin, JLS are venturing on a 15-date tour across the UK and Ireland to bring their chart-topping hits to the stage once again. This time around, they're playing a stack of arenas throughout the country and will be bringing their biggest and best songs to live audiences. Throughout their journey, they'll be arriving in London, Manchester, Newcastle and Brighton - to name just a few locations. The string of concerts is titled Everybody Say JLS: The Hits Tour, and tickets come out in just over a week - so fans should begin to get prepared now. Tickets for JLS' The Hits Tour go on sale Friday, March 3, 2023, at 9am. Tickets will be available at some major retailers, including Ticketmaster and the likes of Live Nation. At the moment, the prices of the tickets have not yet been revealed, but - considering each concert is being held at an arena - fans can expect ticket prices to begin from £50 and go well beyond the £100 mark. JLS fans should begin by signing up on the website of their ticket retailer of choice and registering their interest in the band's upcoming tours. This way, they can be notified about any updates or presale events that might be coming. Once tickets are released on March 3, 2023, fans are advised to input their payment details into the website of choice early to ensure a faster checkout. They should also get in the digital queue well before tickets are released to grab a better spot and have a better chance of actually buying the type of tickets they want. At the moment, there is no information on any presale tickets. It has not been confirmed whether there will or will not be any presale ticket events but considering JLS are playing London's O2 Arena, there may be an O2 Priority sale. If there are any events, however, they will likely go on sale a few days beforehand at websites like Ticketmaster or Live Nation. Keep checking Express.co.uk for all the up-to-date information on JLS presale tickets as it happens. JLS are hitting 14 cities in the United Kingdom across 15 dates in October 2023 and November 2023. They begin their journey in Dublin, Ireland, at the 3Arena on October 20 before moving to Belfast's SSE Arena the following day. After that, JLS will arrive in England where they'll play a string of back-to-back shows in Nottingham, Bournemouth, Liverpool and Birmingham. By October 30, JLS will arrive in Wales to play Cardiff's Motorpoint Arena before taking a much-deserved rest. After jaunting through the rest of the UK, over the next few days, they'll arrive in London to play at The O2 Arena for two nights running. Beginning on November 9, JLS will play perhaps the biggest nights of their tour across these two dates before bringing it to an end the following day in Sheffield. JLS said: "We couldn't be more excited to announce another UK and Ireland arena tour! The last time out was totally surreal and we’ve been eagerly awaiting the right time to do it all over again. Playing live and seeing our amazing fans is definitely the best part of being JLS!" 20th - Dublin, 3Arena 21st - Belfast, SSE Arena 23rd - Nottingham, Motorpoint Arena 24th - Bournemouth, International Centre 26th - Liverpool, M&S Bank Arena 28th - Birmingham, Utilita Arena 30th - Cardiff, Motorpoint Arena  2nd - Manchester, AO Arena 3rd - Glasgow, OVO Hydro 4th - Newcastle, Utilita Arena 6th - Brighton, Centre 7th - Leeds, First Direct Arena 9th - London, The O2 10th - London, The O2 11th - Sheffield, Utilita Arena