Fan-favourite newcomer Jalen Shaw (played by Mehcad Brooks) was forced to hand over his badge and gun at the end of this week’s episode of Law and Order. Unfortunately, viewers will have to wait an entire month to witness the fallout from the latest twist as the entire NBC franchise, including spin-offs SVU and Organized Crime, is heading on hiatus. New episodes of Law and Order won’t be airing until Thursday, March 23. The hiatus had already been confirmed by NBC, but fans didn’t know how long the break would be until the teaser at the end of Thursday night’s episodes. The network has now confirmed all three series will be off-air for an entire month, with fans left to find their Thursday night entertainment elsewhere. NBC’s shake-up is especially frustrating after new detective Shaw was suspended after the flagship's latest episode. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Several fans took to Twitter to complain about the unexpected change to the schedule as Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) take some time off. Joel Garcia was devastated to find out the series was taking a break right after the cliffhanger, tweeting: “So Shaw gets suspended... as well as the show until next month?!” @NikNik_Nichole exclaimed: “March 23rd? We have to wait a month for new episodes!” TV fan @kellettsgaines fumed: “Not only did I lose #Succession because it’s ending this year but now I have to wait FOUR WEEKS to get more episodes on #LawAndOrder shows.” @Vinylcollector6 said: “It sucks that we have to go another month before we get any new [episodes] of the #LawAndOrder shows. Ugh.” “March 23rd?” @LadyJOKER7804 asked. “A literal month before we get new episodes?” And @CherisHodges raged: “March 23?! WTF #LawandOrder takes a lot of breaks man!” Other fans speculated the series could be avoiding March Madness basketball season, which kicks off on March 14. DON'T MISS:Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [LATEST]Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes confirms romance with girlfriend Kelsea [INSIGHT]The Goldberg's Adam Goldberg star pays tribute after cancellation [COMMENT] However, it’s common for the franchise to take a long break around this time to ensure a strong line-up of episodes for the final stretch of each season. The mainline drama returned after more than 10 years off screens last year and has already been shaking up the main cast of familiar faces and new blood. In episode 15, Fear and Loathing, Lieutenant Kate Dixon (Camryn Manheim) shocked fans by putting Shaw under suspension. Over the course of the hour, Shaw was approached by two cops on the hunt for a killer who didn’t believe he was also an officer. He responds by filing an investigation against him, which clashes with other members of the force who open another investigation in retaliation. His investigation is officially shut down, but he continues his search into the cops anyway and he’s forced to turn over his badge and gun after a stern meeting with Dixon. While fans are by no means expecting Shaw to be gone for good, they can expect plenty of drama to come from this storyline as Law and Order continue to explore police racism over the rest of the season. Law and Order, SVU and Organized Crime return Thursday, March 23 on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.