Leeds might fear Southampton’s sacking of head coach Nathan Jones on Sunday morning as the Whites continue a hunt for a manager of their own. The Yorkshire outfit axed Jesse Marsch last week but have so far failed to land the American’s replacement despite making approaches for several targets. Arne Slot is reportedly Leeds’ top target to succeed Marsch. Feyenoord have so far resisted the Premier League club’s attempts to prise Slot away but could be powerless in the summer. Slot is believed to have a release clause that allows him to leave for England in the summer. The Elland Road hierarchy could appoint an interim boss until the end of the season, with Slot taking charge ahead of 2023-24. Steven Gerrard, who was dismissed by Aston Villa earlier in the campaign, has also been linked with the Leeds hotseat. But the Whites’ search for a new manager has been made more competitive by Jones’ departure at Southampton. JUST IN: Premier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakes “Southampton Football Club can confirm it has parted company with men’s first team manager Nathan Jones. First team coaches Chris Cohen and Alan Sheehan have also left the club,” a club statement read on Sunday. “First team lead coach Ruben Selles will take charge of training and prepare the team ahead of next weekend’s game against Chelsea.” Leeds now have more competition as they search for a new manager. Southampton tend to appoint coaches who have a progressive style akin to the profile Leeds also prefer. Southampton, who will be onto their third permanent manager of the season, might also get a lift from their successor. Leeds will want to avoid a Premier League relegation rival enjoying a so-called ‘new manager bounce’. DON'T MISS...Man Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp'Jurgen Klopp 'furious' with ex-Liverpool star as 'alarm bells ringing'Premier League explain reason for Chelsea's penalty denial vs West Ham The Saints did not quite achieve that with Jones, despite the Welshman’s insistence that he could impose his aggressive style on the squad. They won just one top-flight game after his appointment in November, although did achieve a memorable EFL Cup victory over Manchester City. But Saturday’s defeat by Wolves despite leading and playing against 10 men for an hour spelt the end for the former Luton boss. He was dismissed on Sunday morning. Jones went out by rather bemusingly blaming Saturday’s reverse on the fact his side played against 10 men. “To me the 10-men was to our detriment because it made it a free hit for them in terms of stuff,” he said. “It added more pressure on us and it shouldn’t be like that. We should then control the game.”