Police are renewing their appeal for witnesses in a bid to track down the killer of an American student, two decades after she was stabbed to death in a frenzied knife attack in a London park. Margaret Muller did after she was attacked in Victoria Park in Tower Hamlets - and despite a lengthy and detailed investigation, and various case reviews, nobody has ever been convicted of her murder. Detective Chief Inspector Amanda Greig of the Met’s Specialist Casework Team, who looks at unsolved murder investigations, said: “It is now 20 years since Margaret’s shocking murder – an attack that left an indelible mark on the consciousness of a generation.“I know people may think that too much time has passed for someone to be held to account for this heinous crime, but that is simply not the case.” Police were keen to hear from anyone who felt unable, for whatever reason, to provide information previously, for whatever reason, she stressed. Det Chf Insp Greig said: “I want to appeal to anyone who has information that could help us to identify the person responsible for Margaret’s murder to do the right thing and come forward. “For two decades, Margaret’s family have had to endure the agony of not seeing her killer face justice – this is something no family should have to live with and I urge anyone who can help to get in contact immediately.” The investigation began after police were called at 8.30am on Monday, 3 February 2003 to Victoria Park E9, after Margaret was found collapsed on a pathway between the rose gardens and the children's play area.Margaret, who lived in Wallis Road, E9, was an artist from the US who was studying at the Slade School of Art, University College of London.A post-mortem examination gave a cause of death as multiple stab wounds.Officers are appealing to anyone who was in the park on February 3, 2003, and who has yet to come forward, to get in touch. They also want to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in or around the Gascoyne Estate on the day in question. Whilst the Met says detectives retain an open mind about the possible motive of the attack, intelligence suggests that Margaret may have been the victim of a failed robbery attempt.As a result of previous appeals officers concentrated their efforts around the Queen's Gate entrance to Victoria Park.They are especially keen to trace anyone who saw a person walk past The Britannia pub, previously known as The Victoria Park Inn, and enter Victoria Park via the Queen's Gate entrance at about 7.10am on the morning of the murder.Alternatively, witnesses may recall a person sprinting back through the same entrance along Gascoyne Road and towards the Gascoyne Estate between 8.30am and 8.40am, shortly after the murder. The Met issued a £20,000 reward to mark the tenth anniversary of Margaret’s death in 2011, which has yet to be claimed. At the time, Det Ch Insp Nicola Wall, who was heading the Metropolitan Police's investigation, described her as "a talented young woman with a bright and exciting future ahead of her”. She added: "That was all taken away when she was brutally struck down in Victoria Park eight years ago. "Officers have worked tirelessly on this case and have managed to sift through literally hundreds of pieces of information and leads. "Despite the tremendous support from the local community, we know that some people still hold vital information about Margaret's murder. "Together with information already gathered they could help us achieve justice for Margaret and her family and friends." Anyone who can assist is asked to contact the Specialist Casework Team on 0208 785 8267; if you wish to remain anonymous please call Crimestoppers 0800 555 111.