Thursday night’s instalment of Love Island saw the infamous Casa Amor recoupling as the original contestants had to make the decision on whether or not to stick in their couple or swap to one of the 12 new arrivals. However, ITV2 viewers weren’t happy when Olivia called out Kai for swapping partners when she had done the same. Over the past few days, viewers have watched as the contestants of the South African villa were divided into two. As the women spent time in a separate complex getting to know six bombshells, the original men remained in the villa welcoming six new girls. With the couples facing the ultimate test, fans saw the islanders get to explore new connections in order to find out whether or not their original coupling was stronger. On Thursday evening, it was time for them to make their decision as presenter Maya Jama held the Casa Amor recoupling giving people the opportunity to either stick or switch.  READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore When it came down to Kai Fagan, who was in a couple with Olivia Hawkins, he decided to swap and recouple with the Casa Amor arrival Sanam Harrinanan. Revealing he hoped Olivia had decided to make the same decision, he was relieved when she walked through the door with Maxwell Samuda. Although she seemed scathing at Kai as she blasted: “It’s very telling, it’s very telling. I can’t say I’m shocked. “Missing me already? Clearly not enough, his loss my gain.”  Kai replied: “I feel like a couple of days apart, I could really tell what was genuine and what wasn’t and I feel like I’ve got a genuine one.” Although Olivia blasted: “All his words were lies.” It wasn’t long before viewers took to social media to slam how Olivia reacted to seeing Kai in a new couple. Cece_Carolinee said: “Liv is defo a hypocrite kmt”  DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George speaks out after finale delay [CALL THE MIDWIFE] EastEnders viewers 'work out' Lily Slater baby kidnapping twist [REACTION] Stacey Solomon gesture makes Sort Your Life Out guest break down [VIDEO] kayleighox added: “Bore off Liv you massive hypocrite” KRAYzTRAI commented: “So liv is annoyed Kai has recoupled whilst she’s standing arm in arm with the new fella #hypocrite” Markharvey297 tweeted: “Liv is such a hypocrite, you recoupled too!!” Renjunky said: “LIV ISO ANNOYING SHES THE BIGGEST HYPOCRITE MY GOD “   With Twitter user misterblueeyez adding: “Why Liv being such a hypocrite.” Elsewhere in the episode, Tanya decided to recouple with Casa bombshell Martin leaving her original couple Shaq single. Remaining loyal, he told Tanya he had stayed on the daybed and decided not to get to know any of the girls as he had previously told her he loved her. Tanya told Maya Jama she was happy with her decision as everyone in the villa was there to explore connections. Love Island continues weekdays on ITV from 9pm.   