On Sunday evening, musicians gathered together to celebrate the 65th Annual Grammy Awards ceremony. Sam Smith took to the stage and perform their hit single Unholy, but the theme sparked major backlash and was blasted by Megyn Kelly who condemned the performance.   Megyn Kelly welcomed Rob O’Neil on Tuesday’s episode of her self-titled show to address Sam Smith’s performance. She stated, while ignoring Sam's preferred they/them pronouns: “Sam Smith is making a lot of headlines today because apparently he went out there and did this whole devil-themed performance, celebrating satan. “BDMS themes and halfway through the sign he added a horn hat to his look.” Sam, who identifies as nonbinary, took to the stage with Kim Petras during the Grammy Awards to perform their hit single Unholy. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending   While Sam danced alongside drag stars Violet Chachki and Gottmik dressed in devil costumes, Kim performed in a metal cage. The stage was also lit up with red lighting and pyrotechnics, its controversial theme was addressed beforehand by Madonna who introduced the act. The Material Girl singer asked the audience: “Are you ready for a little controversy? “Here’s what I’ve learned after four decades in music. If they call you shocking, scandalous, troublesome, problematic, provocative or dangerous, you are definitely onto something.”     Despite this, Rob was convinced Sam Smith was “trolling the right,” and, again incorrectly using Sam's pronouns, stated: “Based on the nipple covers, I think he likes attention.” As a clip from the singer's music video, I’m Not Here to Make Friends played, Megyn admitted: “I’m more disturbed by this video.” As well as their Grammy performance, Sam has also raised eyebrows following the release of their latest hit, where Sam is seen wearing nipple covers throughout the video. It had sparked controversy for its sexual nature as they appeared to attend a raunchy Bacchanalian-themed party. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [INSIGHT]Strictly's Motsi Mabuse swipes at Jennifer Lopez over Ben Affleck [INSIGHT]    Hitting out at the 30-year-old singer, Megyn said: “First of all, you are a man you do not need nipple covers. “What are you doing with the nipple covers? There’s nothing coming out that nipple that you need to cover, whatsoever, like come on.” To which she added: “This is worse to me than the satan video.” Despite the backlash, Sam and Kim went on to win a Grammy for Best Pop Duo/Group performance.     The win was a history-breaking achievement for the LGBTQ+ community as Kim became the first transgender woman to win in the category. The 30-year-old German singer-songwriter was born a male and she transitioned to female at the age of 13. Kim highlighted the achievements during her speech and stated: “I just want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who kicked these doors open for me so I could be here tonight." As she thanked musician Sophie, Kim added: “Everyone who believed in me to this point, I love you so much.”  