Dust can cause allergies and is often made up of dirt, skin cells and fabric fibres. However, dust can be made up of anything that can dry out, flake and settle on surfaces around your home. But books, carpet, rugs, upholstered furniture, fireplaces and pets can all contribute to dust around the home. Dirt, pollen, smoke, car exhaust fumes, sand and other substances from outside can also contribute to dust. Dust can also cause allergies and asthma. However, even if you don't have allergies or asthma, dust can cause sneezing, coughing and other symptoms. To prevent dust around the home, Rosalind Peters, the home interior expert at beanbags.co.uk has shared her seven free hacks. Dust particles can get into your home through open windows or doors. If you have an air filter system in the house, this will filter out most of the dust before it gets inside. However, if you don't have a filter, keep all your windows closed as much as possible during the day when there isn't a breeze. READ MORE: Easiest methods to remove 'baked-on residue' from oven glass and racks This handy hack combats dust buildup on top of hard-to-reach areas like on top of cupboards, wardrobes and even fridges. Rosalind explained: "The newspaper will soak up any excess dust before it has a chance to come into contact with surfaces below and make them dirty again. "What’s great is that you can get a free newspaper from most high streets or public transport, so this won’t cost you a penny either." DON'T MISS10 kitchen updates to ‘boost the appeal and value’ of your home [INSIGHT]Five common mistakes to ‘avoid’ to prevent ‘killing’ your peace lily [UPDATE]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [ANALYSIS] Venetian blinds are prone to dust buildup due to their size and shape. For this reason, they can be awkward to clean too. To clean them, Rosalind suggested using an old sock on your hand and rubbing it against the surface of the blinds to remove any dust that has accumulated. You may not have noticed but lampshades and curtains can accumulate lots of dust, especially if they're made from fabric. Rather than using a duster, use a lint roller on them every couple of months to remove any excess dust. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Plants naturally absorb carbon dioxide through photosynthesis, which in turn releases oxygen back into the air we breathe, making them the perfect dust deterrent. Plants placed near windows will not only help clean the air but also help remove some of the dust particles that settle on windowsills. When hoovering your floors and carpets, ensure you are using the correct cleaning head or setting for your floor type. Shag carpets, stairs, rugs and wooden floors are likely to all need different heads and settings.  Rosalind said: "It’s simple: The more items you have lying around, the harder it’ll be to dust them. "Clutter is one of the most common causes of dust around the home and can affect how much dirt accumulates in different parts of the house. "Make sure that you keep all clutter under control by storing items away in a designated place. "This is even more important for items made of fabric (such as blankets, pillows, and towels) as this material not only traps dust but can produce it too."