Marcel Sabitzer has insisted he is at the peak of his powers after completing his deadline-day move to Manchester United. The Austrian midfielder comes in as a replacement for the injured Christian Eriksen on a loan deal until the end of the season from Bayern Munich. United were not planning on making any more additions this month after bringing in Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst but were forced to act after Erik ten Hag revealed on Tuesday that Eriksen could be out for the rest of the season after picking up a serious injury in the FA Cup win over Reading. A number of midfielders were considered, including Isco, Ryan Gravenberch and Youri Tielemans before United officials settled on Sabitzer. The 28-year-old has found regular minutes hard to come by with competition in Bayern's midfield extremely competitive with Joshua Kimmich and Leon Goretzka the preferred pairing when fit. The deal, therefore, made sense for all parties as United move to find emergency cover for the impressive Eriksen. After signing on the dotted line, Sabizter admitted the move was no-brainer and is confident he can make a significant contribution to the club as they look to seal a place in the Champions League spots. JUST IN: Chelsea fail to file Hakim Ziyech paperwork as PSG weigh up appeal after 'Class A circus' In his first interview as a United player, Sabitzer said: “Sometimes in life you have to make quick and important decisions. From the moment I heard about this opportunity I knew it was right for me. I am a competitive player; I want to win and help the club achieve its aims this season. “I feel that I am at my peak as a player, and that I can contribute a lot of experience and energy to the squad. I am excited to start with my new team-mates and manager and to show my qualities to Manchester United fans.” United chief John Murtough also hailed the midfielder after bringing him into the club. He added: “Marcel is a player that we have watched for a long time. The opportunity arose quickly, and we knew that he was someone with the ability and character to make an impact. He adds further quality to our squad and experience to the dressing room, and all of us are pleased to be welcoming him to Manchester United.” DON'T MISS Al-Nassr confirm major Cristiano Ronaldo U-turn despite star's £170m-a-year contract Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta gives four reasons behind Jorginho transfer after announcement Man Utd picked Marcel Sabitzer instead of eight midfielders after deadline day enquiries The midfielder may never have got his move to Old Trafford had Eriksen not suffered a serious ankle injury on the weekend. Ten Hag confirmed that the 30-year-old faces between three and four months out on the sideline after a badly-timed tackle from Andy Carroll caused the injury. And United's boss did not pull any punches in his assessment of the challenge after discovering the extent of his playmaker's injury. "Football has to set limits, restrictions, that protect the players,” said Ten Hag. “What football wants is the best players available on the pitch. This is a tackle – and the two tackles after it – that don’t belong on a pitch, because there is a high risk of injuring your colleague. “It’s worse and I’m left wondering about that. I've made my view about it already. I think it was quite clear what my thoughts were."