Donald Trump has lashed out at “no talent” megastar Rihanna ahead of her landmark Super Bowl performance. The former President and the ‘Umbrella’ hitmaker have been at loggerheads for years after Rihanna told Trump he was not allowed to use her music in rallies. Now, in his latest barb at the singer, he said on Truth Social: “Without her “Stylist” she’d be NOTHING." “Bad everything, and NO TALENT!”, he raged in response to a post from his former White House physician, Ronny Jackson, who accused Rihanna of "spewing degenerate filth." Jackson, who is now a member of Congress for Texas, wrote in a Truth Social post: "Why is the NFL showcasing this crap? Rihanna SHOULD NOT be the halftime performer!!". In his post, Jackson referenced an August 2020 incident in which Rihanna was seen posing in front of a spray-painted art installation. The centrepiece of the installation was a car that had the words "F**k Trump" painted on it. Rihanna posted three photos on Twitter at the time, including two of herself sitting in front of the car. Back in 2018, her performing rights company, Broadcast Music Inc., informed the then-President that he could no longer use her music at his rallies. After a Washington Post reporter tweeted that her music was “blaring” at a rally in Tallahassee, Florida., Rihanna responded, “Not for much longer…me nor my people would ever be at or around one of those tragic rallies.” READ MORE: Democrats turn on Biden over chaotic handling of border crisis In an interview with Vogue back in 2019, Rihanna was asked about mass shootings in El Paso and Dayton, where she lashed out at Trump calling the horrific incidents a result of a “mental illness problem”. “The most mentally ill human being in America right now seems to be the President”, she added. Trump’s remarks come ahead of Rihanna’s return to live music on Sunday, where she will play the halftime show for the Super Bowl. It will mark her first live show since 2016, and she told Apple Music that “the setlist was the biggest challenge. You're trying to cram 17 years of work into 13 minutes." DON'T MISS Biden lashes out at GOP ‘dream’ to cut Social SecurityKate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoirSoutheast US to be buried under snowstorm It comes after Trump returned to social media platforms Facebook and Instagram. The former President was banned from the Meta apps over incitement of violence surrounding the 2021 Capitol riots. Nick Clegg, Meta’s president of global affairs and the UK’s former deputy Prime Minister, argued the public "should be able to hear what their politicians are saying". He added that a review had found Trump's accounts to no longer pose a serious risk to public safety. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews