Meanwhile in Shoreditch, passers-by were left scratching their head’s trying to crack the world’s largest Where’s Wally puzzle, which was created in the dead of night. And others also spotted a giant illuminated Miffy sculpture on Southbank. The three installations were commissioned by Sky Kids to celebrate the launch of its 24-hour channel for youngsters under seven. The broadcaster also conducted a survey of 2,000 adults, which saw Morph claim the bronze medal in the list of most-loved British children’s TV characters – narrowly missing out on top spot to Basil Brush, and the winners, Sooty and Sweep. Winnie the Pooh and Paddington Bear rounded off the top five favourite British childhood characters. When thinking about their favourite characters, 48 percent of those polled described them as “timeless”, while 46 percent said they were “iconic”. And 45 percent will still stick an episode or two on when they are in need of a dose of nostalgia. More than half (55 percent) said they fell in love with these characters as they made them laugh, and 46 percent felt they were always there to boost their mood. And these characters also helped form friendships for 44 percent – while many owned t-shirts (39 percent), action figures (38 percent), and lunchboxes (37 percent) based on them as kids. Half of those polled also claimed the shows they enjoyed as a child could even teach the current crop of youngsters’ important lessons. In fact, of those polled who have kids, 57 percent have shown their little ones episodes with their characters – and 54 percent said their children enjoyed it. But it works both ways, as two-thirds (68 percent) of parents admit they like the shows their kids watch. A spokesman from Sky Kids, ahead of the launch, said: “What better way to mark the occasion than by bringing some of the most iconic characters to life. “We know when you fall in love with a show when you’re little, it quickly becomes part of everyday family life. “We’re excited to have shows that span important themes, including emotional resilience, positive well-being, saving the planet, and so much more. “It will provide children and families alike with content that both inspires and entertains at all times of the day – as well as introducing new faces that will soon be loved just as much.”