Spring and the last remains of winter are set to bottleneck next month, as milder conditions stand off with low pressure over the UK. It has been no secret that the start of March would bring colder conditions to Britain, with snow in the mix and potential overnight frosts. But forecasters are now looking at the latter half of next month as a period when "disruptive snow" could fall. The Met Office says in its long-range forecast that from March 13 to 27 there is a risk of "locally disruptive snow" in some regions. It says: "Through this period, spells of rain and snow are likely at times, with a small possibility of these combining with stronger winds to become locally disruptive. Overall though, conditions are more likely to be mixed, with some areas remaining largely snow free." But weather maps now seem to centre on an exact date the sub-zero temperatures are due to set in across England, Scotland and Wales - and it's a good five days before the snowy wrath is earmarked to cause fresh chaos for some regions. WXCHARTS shows the mercury plunging to -5C on March 8, with rural Scotland potentially recording a blustery -7C. In the south east lows of -2C are expected at around 6am. By March 9 little will change, with temperatures still straddling freezing. It will be around March 13 that thermometers will temporarily recover - but how long for still remains a mystery. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, does not rule out the chances of snow - but in terms of how widespread it'll be, he's not gambling on a nationwide Beast from the East just yet. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "It certainly will be more changeable and probably unsettled from that point (March 8) onwards. It will be colder in time too with some transient snow events for the north. That’s where we are at the moment. "I do expect to see far more low pressure and frontal systems bringing very mixed weather, sometimes windy and stormy - making up for the lull of February but snow events will likely be transient and mainly for Scotland, in my opinion." READ MORE: Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm In cold weather guidance from the Met Office, which is often released to warn authorities of cold snaps, it points out the fact that spring-like conditions, coupled with more hours of sunlight, could hamper any widespread snow risks. It says: "From Saturday, March 4 onward, colder conditions are likely to spread southwest and into northern and eastern parts of the UK for a time. "The southwest extent, and the longevity of any cold spell are low confidence however, with either more widespread cold or a more rapid change to milder conditions possible. "Any breakdown to milder conditions brings the low risk of a period of snowfall. At this stage of the season, there is also the potential for a recovery in daytime temperatures which limits the likelihood of trigger criteria being reached. "Temperatures likely to be below average but may trend up through the period." But from March 14 to 28, it adds a risk of "wintry hazards", with more indications that the brunt of bone-chilling conditions will come later on next month. It continues: "There is a slightly increased probability for colder, settled weather conditions to develop than on average. This could lead to further periods of below average temperatures, along with some associated wintry hazards. "However, this potential is balanced against both the strengthening early spring sunlight and the very low confidence at this lead-time, reducing the chance of any cold spells reaching the Cold Weather Alert trigger criteria." 