Express.co.uk has learnt GB News is in talks to host a boxing bout between the popular Red Wall Tory MP and the Remainer protester he has branded "a public nuisance." Steve Bray initially rejected the challenge to a charity boxing match from Mr Anderson but now said he will agree to the two settling their differences in the ring. The two regularly clashed outside Westminster where Bray can be seen almost daily with his megaphone demanding that Britain rejoins the EU and protesting against the Conservative government. At one point, Mr Anderson got the better of Bray stealing his hat as he was entering the estate. Afterwards he challenged the man who he believes should get a real job to a boxing match. But with Bray finally accepting the bout, GB News has quickly moved in. GB News editorial director Mick Booker told Express.co.uk: “It’s the Rumble in the Westminster jungle between Lionheart Lee and Shouty Steve and GB News would certainly want to bring it to the world. “I’m not exactly Eddie Hearn but I think we get a ring up by the Thames in Westminster and can serve up a Thrilla by the River!” In an interview with Julia Hartley Brewer on Talk TV, Mr Bray confirmed he had accepted the bout but could not resist an early jab at his rival. He said: "I am so overwhelmed that they have made Lee Anderson deputy chairman because we all know that it will be one of the final nails in the coffin." Mr Bray also revealed that he "deals in coins" as a profession and to the surprise of some pays taxes. Mr Anderson has said that if he wins, Mr Bray would have to stop protesting. But Mr Bray in return wants Mr Anderson to "renounce being a Tory MP, resign and vanish" if he wins. READ MORE: Lee Anderson doubles down on death penalty 'most people agree with me' Mr Bray said: "He's not going to renounce being an MP but he will lose his seat at the next election." Anderson had offered to join him in the protests if he lost. But Mr Bray added: "I don't want Anderson anywhere near me." He insisted the condition was that Mr Anderson quits as an MP, adding: "Who wants to see two men in their 50s in a ring anyway?" Mr Anderson is less convinced that his opponent is serious. He told Express.co.uk: "He won't accept, pal."