Nikki Haley has just announced that she is running to be president in the upcoming 2024 presidential election. She has become the first major Republican rival for former president Donald Trump, who will also be campaigning for the GOP nomination for the White House. The presidential candidate has previously made history as America’s first female Asian American governor, and if she's successful in getting the GOP nomination, she will become the first woman as well as the first Asian American to become a Republican nominee. What exactly are her views on the US's hottest political topics? Nikki Haley, a mother of two, has described herself as pro-life, and in 2016 said: "I'm not pro-life because the Republican Party tells me, I'm pro-life because all of us have had experiences of what it means to have one of these special little ones in our life." The presidential nominee has supported bills that restrict abortion if the mother’s life is not at stake. In 2019 at a pro-life gala, she criticised the pro-choice movement and its stance on feminism. She said: “Unfortunately, many on the left use the abortion debate to divide women and demand conformity. They do this in the name of feminism. But that is not real feminism” At the same event, Nikki Haley explained her stance on abortion was not about being “for or against abortion” but instead she supported "a baby’s right to live, the most basic right there is.” She added: "Respect for human life is who we are as Americans. It's right there in the Declaration of Independence. You can't have life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness without the right to life.” READ MORE: Jean-Pierre sparks fury as she fumbles in unidentified aircraft probe Nikki Haley has said that she believes immigration laws should be enforced, and in 2011 signed changes to a law which granted more powers to police to check if people were illegal immigrants. While addressing the bill, the presidential candidate highlighted her parents' immigration background and said: “As the daughter of immigrants, I want to make everyone aware that this bill has a tolerance to it...This is not a bill that pushes one group away for another group. This is a bill that enforces laws." In 2017, Nikki Haley said she would not support a ban on Muslim immigration if it was implemented by the president at the time, Donald Trump. She stated that she did not believe that "we should ever ban anyone based on their religion" and said such a ban would be “un-American”. Nikki Haley advocated for the death penalty against Dylann Roof, a white supremacist and neo-nazi who was responsible for the Charleston church shooting, which took place in South Carolina in 2017. She said: “We will absolutely will want him to have the death penalty.” While she was the US ambassador to the United Nations, the US voted “no” to a resolution titled “The Question of the Death Penalty” which condemned the death penalty for “same-sex relations”. At the time, Nikki Haley responded to criticism from LGBT activism of the US vote and wrote on Twitter: "(There was) NO vote by USUN that supported the death penalty for gay people. We have always fought for justice for the LGBT community." State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert explained in a press briefing that the US was concerned about the broader concern in condemning the death penalty, but that the department “unequivocally condemns the application of the death penalty for conduct such as homosexuality, blasphemy, adultery, and apostasy. We do not consider such conduct appropriate for criminalization.” READ MORE:Super Bowl trailers - From The Flash and Fast X to Indiana Jones [INSIGHT]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace amid balloon debacle [REPORT]US conducts 'strike force operations' following Beijing balloon crisis [INSIGHT] Nikki Haley has previously stated she was “disturbed” by reports of people being attacked, kidnapped, tortured and murdered in Russian-controlled Chechnya based on their sexual orientation. In a statement in 2017, she said: “If true, this violation of human rights cannot be ignored, we are against all forms of discrimination, including against people based on sexual orientation. When left unchecked, discrimination and human rights abuses can lead to destabilization and conflict.” In 2012, the presidential nominee said it was her job to uphold South Carolina’s constitution, as well as its ban on same-sex marriage at the time. However, in 2016 she stated that Republicans should respect "differences in modern families" in the Republican address at President Obama’s final State of the Union address. She said: “We would respect differences in modern families, but we would also insist on respect for religious liberty as a cornerstone of our democracy.” Nikki Hakey has previously said South Carolina does not need a transgender bathroom law, which is legislation that requires people to use public bathrooms based on their biological sex instead of their gender identity. In 2016, she told reporters she did not believe restroom legislation was necessary as there had not been any reports of people feeling their freedoms had been violated. She said: “When I look at South Carolina, we look at our situations, we’re not hearing of anybody’s religious liberties that are being violated, and we’re again not hearing any citizens that feel like they’re being violated in terms of freedoms.” 