Leeds have already been knocked back by several potential options to come in as the club's new manager with both Carlos Corberan and Rayo Vallecano's Andoni Iraola ruling themselves out. But there are still a number of managers out there on Leeds' radar and Express Sport looks at some potential candidates to take charge. The Premier League veteran has been out of a job since leaving Everton a year ago and has indicated that he's still keen on a return to management somewhere in Europe. He's had experience at the bottom end of the table too now with Everton and Newcastle before them. And he's also shown that he has no problem dropping into the Championship if he feels the project is right, helping Newcastle earn promotion back to the Premier League in 2017. The Austrian coach was sacked by Southampton back in November, but the south coast club have failed to improve since his departure. But he does have experience of guiding a team away from relegation after taking a job in the second half of the season - as he did with Southampton in 2018.  Seen as the new favourite for the Leeds job, Arne Slot has performed wonders at Feyenoord so far. That could present an issue in itself for Leeds as they would face a tough task stealing him away from the Dutch side as they currently sit top of the Eredivisie. Another manager earning a strong reputation in Europe's lower divisions, Kjetil Knutsen is seen as a top target for Leeds. He's impressed while in charge of Norwegian side Bodo/Glimt and his side put in a decent display against Arsenal in the Europa League this season. Marcelo Bielsa has also been touted for a possible return, although Danny Mills doesn't think it would be the best move for Leeds. “I don’t think that’s what you need to get out of a relegation battle," he said.  "In fact that’s what got them into a relegation battle in the first place, it’s very, very difficult to play that type of football. You’re down the bottom of the league because you don’t score enough goals and you’re conceding goals, simple as that. You’ve got to address one of those situations. “You look at, whether you think it’s right or wrong, you look at the appointment of Dyche at Everton. You’re thinking ‘well, he’s going to stop conceding goals, he’s going to make them very, very solid’. “If Bielsa comes into Leeds, they might score one or two more goals maybe, but they didn’t do that last time towards the end of his tenure, and they’re going to concede loads. So is that going to improve them? I’m not so sure but, incredibly strange, 48 hours to go away to United. That could be disastrous for Leeds.”