Roy Keane has joked that Erik ten Hag should resign after being spotted dancing with some of his Manchester United players following their Carabao Cup win. The Red Devils won 2-0 against Newcastle, with Casemiro and Marcus Rashford scoring the all-important goals. Ten Hag was invited to speak with Sky Sports after the win, and the Dutchman was forced to analyse his dance moves after being spotted celebrating with Lisandro Martinez and Antony. Arm in arm, the trio bounced from side to side amongst the celebrations, with the famously-tough Keane taking a dim view of the dancing. While Ten Hag watched the clip of himself dancing with his two players, who were draped in Brazil and Argentina flags, Keane jokingly chipped in: "You should resign after that! Resign, tonight!" Keane's comments prompted laughter from the other pundits on the panel and from Ten Hag, who replied with "never" before adding: "We have a history together! We hope we can do it more often.” And David Ginola jumped in to say: "It's just Roy Keane saying that!" And Ten Hag responded again, saying: "I know!" MUST READ: Ten Hag explains Glazer talks after Man Utd win Carabao Cup final The former Ajax boss will be hoping that United fans can see him and his players celebrating in such nature again this season. United still have a chance of winning three other competitions including the Premier League, in which they sit in third place, eight points behind league leaders Arsenal. Despite his resignation joke, Keane was full of praise for the work that Ten Hag has done so far this season and what he has accomplished already following their win, saying: “When you look at the start of the season and losing their first two games, there was lack of belief and confidence in the team and the supporters, but the players and manager have managed to get their hands on the trophy - brilliant.  “Let’s hope this is the start of them competing for titles and in the Champions League. The way he comes across in the media, he seems like an honest guy and I think the players appreciate that. He said there was work to be done and he’s made some big decisions at the club, with Maguire and Ronaldo, and he is getting his reward because he is here to win trophies.” Ten Hag credited the togetherness of his squad for their league cup success, though insisted that the attention at Old Trafford will turn to upcoming fixtures as soon as Monday morning. His side face West Ham in the FA Cup on Wednesday night and United then face Liverpool on Sunday afternoon at Anfield in what will inevitably be another tasty encounter. 