The family of an eight-year-old boy killed when he was mown down in the street by two speeding drivers have spoken of their heartache as the men were jailed after his death. Little Safiullah Latif Asif suffered catastrophic injuries after he was struck by Kevin Jones in his BMW in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, in July 2020, the Manchester Evening News reported.  Safiullah had been crossing the road playing a game of tig with his brother and cousin before his life was cut short by Jones and his friend Thomas McGrath's dangerous driving. The court heard how McGrath drove down Ryecroft Street at 45mph in a 20mph zone, with Jones behind him travelling at up to 50mph. Witnesses described seeing two cars travelling at speed just before the collision, with one describing the drivers as treating the road as a “race track”. A man shouted for the vehicles to “slow down” as they flew around the bend. The same witness reported a load bang before seeing a child lying “motionless in the road". The driver of the BMW, Jones, stopped after the accident, but McGrath failed to stop. Officers at the scene discovered Jones was driving without insurance, on an expired provisional driving licence. He admitted the offences and pleaded guilty in May 2021. McGrath was traced but denied the offence. He pleaded not guilty in December 2021 but was later found guilty at the end of a trial on January 19 2023. Jones and McGrath were caught on CCTV having lined their cars up, just moments before the tragedy occurred just before 8.15pm on July 23, 2020. McGrath, of Gorton Road, Stockport, missed Safiulla “by chance” before Jones, of Gorseyville Crescent on the Wirral, hit him - sending him “flying through the air” whilst they were driving competitively, Bolton Crown Court heard. Jones, 36, and McGrath, 24, were each jailed for four years eight months for causing death by dangerous driving. Appearing before Bolton Crown Court on Thursday, they were told they will also be disqualified from driving for five years upon their release from prison. After sentencing Safiullah’s distraught family thanked the community for their support and welcomed “finally” getting justice for their child three years after his death. Safiullah’s father said: “Myself, my wife and our whole family are very grateful to the police and the Prosecution Service, who have worked hard to get this case to court, and for all the support we have received from our Family Liaison Officer. “I want to thank the witnesses who came forward and the community for being a great support. I am content with the sentencing today. “We have lost Safiullah and he will never come back but I am pleased that we have finally got some justice. “Please can we ask that our privacy is respected so we can grieve for the loss of our son.”