If you're a long-time Legend of Zelda fan, then there are some exciting things coming your way. At least according to multiple leaks that have recently appeared online. First up is a rumoured Legend of Zelda LEGO set, which is said to be centred around the iconic Deku Tree. While rumours of a Legend of Zelda LEGO set are nothing new, the legitimacy of the claims started to gather steam after the LEGO Company issued copyright claims against various YouTube videos covering the leaks. Needless to say, fans are now convinced that the Zelda LEGO sets are real, and coming soon. Elsewhere, another Legend of Zelda leak suggests that a Tears of the Kingdom Switch console will launch alongside the upcoming game. If the rumours are to be believed, then the Tears of the Kingdom Switch OLED console will come with green and gold Joy-Cons, alongside a white and gold dock. Finally, despite Tears of the Kingdom not releasing until May, the game's official art book appears to have leaked early. While the art book (which has since been removed from Reddit) didn't contain any major story spoilers, fans were given a look at new enemies, weapons, armour and items. Needless to say, the appearance of the book makes the wait for the May 12 release date even more unbearable. Speaking of the Switch, new evidence suggests a follow-up console is in development at Nintendo. A new report published by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority hints at the appearance of a new Nintendo console (let's call it the Nintendo Switch 2 for now). Referencing the Nintendo Switch Online subscription service, the CMA states that the cloud gaming service is only available on two devices. “Nintendo Switch Online has been excluded from our shares as Nintendo’s cloud gaming service is very limited," the report reads. "Nintendo’s cloud gaming service is only available on the Nintendo Switch device and [REDACTED]." The redaction of the second system has led to speculation that Nintendo is working on a top secret new console. If a Nintendo Switch successor is in the works, then the report suggests it will once again come with a subscription service. PlayStation exclusive racing game Gran Turismo 7 is getting a major update this week, and just in time for the launch of Sony's new PSVR 2 device. Gran Turismo 7 update 1.29 has been given a February 21 release date on PS4 and PS5. UK fans can download the update at 6am. According to the patch notes, the new GT7 update adds virtual reality support for Sony's brand new PlayStation VR headset (which launches on February 22). That's on top of five new cars, including the Citroen DS 21 Pallas ’70, the Honda RA272 ’65, and the Porsche 911 Carrera RS (901) ’73. Long-time Gran Turismo fans will also be pleased to hear that the Grand Valley track is making a return, complete with a new look. Described as a dynamic location that combines high-speed sections wih tight winding turns, players will be able to race the full "Highway 1" layout, as well as a shorter version of the course. Finally, Sony will add a brand new game mode, where players can race against the Gran Turismo Sophy AI in a selection of increasingly challenging races. This mode will be available until the end of March. Finally, bizarre Souls-like game Lies of P has been given a release date on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Featuring a mechanoid Pinocchio armed with a sword, Lies of P has been given an August release date on all platforms. It's even better news for Xbox users, who can play the Bloodborne inspired action game at launch with a Game Pass subscription. "Play as Pinocchio, a puppet mechanoid, and fight through everything in your path to find this mystery person," reads the official description. "But don't expect any help along the way and don't make the mistake of trusting anyone. "Inspired by the familiar story of Pinocchio, Lies of P is an action souls-like game set in a cruel, dark Belle Époque world. All of humanity is lost in a once beautiful city that has now become a living hell filled with unspeakable horrors. "Guide Pinocchio and experience his unrelenting journey to become human."