John Fetterman’s wife took her children to Canada as the “media circles” around his health. The Senator checked into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for treatment of severe depression earlier this month. While he recovers, Gisele Fetterman and her two children are on a road trip through Canada via upstate New York. “I am not really sure how to navigate this journey but am figuring it out slowly,” Fetterman said on Twitter, “One week ago today when the news dropped, the kids were off from school and media trucks circled our home. “I did the first thing I could think of … pack them in the car and drive.” Gisele said the family were able to enjoy ziplining over Niagara Falls while having heart to hearts about their dad. ‘We drove straight into Canada,” she added. “We talked about lots of hard things and how we will all have to face hard things. “About the need to be gentle with all and with ourselves. We did some scary things but we did them together. We ziplined over Niagara Falls and August got stuck. “We talked about flexibility and the need to always have an open heart and an open mind.” READ MORE: Car dealer ‘sounds like Mickey Mouse’ after town hit by train crash John Fetterman, 53, was elected as Pennsylvania’s Senator in November, after suffering a stroke in May and battling its affects throughout the campaign. He has continued to struggle with sensory processing issues, and relies on simultaneous translation computer software in media interviews and to do his Senate duties. Chief of Staff Adam Jentleson said Fetterman “has experienced depression off and on throughout his life”, but ultimately decided to seek treatment when he was examined by the Capitol physician. “John is getting the care he needs, and will soon be back to himself,” Jentleson said. “We don’t have a lot to update folks with since there’s no real news to report except that John is doing well, working with the wonderful doctors, and remains on a path to recovery,” communications director Joe Calvello said in a statement. “He is visiting with staff and family daily, and his staff are keeping him updated on Senate business and news.” His condition has led to outpouring of tributes from other politicians, including Joe Biden. “John, Gisele – Jill and I are thinking about your family today,” the President said on Twitter. “Millions of people struggle with depression every day, often in private. “Getting the care you need is brave and important. We're grateful to you for leading by example.” Republican Sen. Ted Cruz also said: “Mental illness is real & serious, and I hope that he gets the care he needs. “Regardless of which side of the political aisle you’re on, please respect his family's request for privacy.”