Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed that he does not intend on leaving the club, regardless of recent form and rumours that he could quit Anfield as a result. The Reds are currently 10th in the Premier League and have struggled for form, with injuries and poor individual displays from key players hindering their chances of finishing in the top four. Failing to secure Champions League football for next season will indicate just how significant of a squad overhaul the club will need to conduct over the summer. Some have speculated that Klopp may also have taken Liverpool as far as he can under the circumstances and that it may be time for a shake-up in the Anfield dugout to reinvigorate the team and help them reclaim their status as title contenders. Others have said that the toll of this wretched campaign could be too much for the German, who is in his seventh full season at Liverpool having only managed seven seasons at Mainz and Borussia Dortmund before he became too tired with each role. However, Klopp has insisted that he will not walk away from Liverpool as he believes that he is the only manager capable of turning things around at the club. Speaking ahead of the Merseyside derby on Monday night, the former Dortmund boss said: “I have too much responsibility here (to leave), and I want it (the responsibility). I want to sort it again. “Yes, it is a difficult time, I don’t enjoy it. But if people believe in me, then we have to go through this together because then when we come out we will have great times again. If we could show in this difficult time at this club - especially here because it is so special, because we believe in everything - then we will get through this.” Klopp then admitted that he had an inkling that this season would be a tricky one due to how expectations were high following the success of the previous campaign – where they had a fighting chance of winning all four major competitions. He continued: “I am completely here, I am completely in this, 100 per cent committed. Maybe the difficult times are a bit too long already, maybe for me as well, but I knew it would be a difficult season (after last year’s quadruple chase). “If we win I feel like I was part of it but if we lose I feel 100 per cent responsible. I was always like this in my life, so you can imagine how big the responsibility is at the moment, and how I feel now. And we will do absolutely everything to get through this and prepare for a very positive future again. "I am really emotional after we lost the game, but apart from that I am completely clear and can do the job I always did. And I am experienced enough to know we can get through this.”