When the first coronavirus lockdown began, there was Tiger King which won itself a cult following of Netflix subscribers. Fast forward three years and now it's Gunther's Millions, this time, focusing on a very lucky German Shepherd. The docu-series goes into detail about how the pampered pooch inherited millions of dollars but not everything is as it seems. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gunther's Millions.Gunther's Millions tells the tale of German Shepherd Gunther who was given a whopping $4million (£328m) following the death of his owner Karlotta Liebenstein. The wealthy countess was said to have put her friend Maurizio Mian in charge of looking after Gunther and his riches. Mian, who comes from a family who owns a major pharmaceutical business, explained the Countess' son Gunther had died by suicide and so she focused all her love onto his dog who was named after him. And Gunther did really enjoy the life of luxury with 27 members of staff to take care of him and lived in Madonna's former home in Miami for a time. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit But Mian wanted to use the money to start a new life, audition "young and beautiful" people to live there with the chosen group called The Burgundians. Former Burgundians member Michelle Mainoni explained in the Netflix documentary that they were all encouraged to have sex with one another and were filmed constantly. Not everything went according to plan with this group though so Mian went on to set up the Italian equivalent in Italy, known as The Magnificent Five. His hopes were that the group would be able to procreate a "generation of truly happy people". For most of the docu-series, it is thought the Countess was a real person who left her beloved dog millions of dogs. However, in reality, this was not the case as she never actually existed. Lawyer Piera Salussolia confirms in the Netflix special there was a Countess and the money had belonged to the Mian family all this time. Mian says in the documentary: "She was not a countess, she was an avatar." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]Pamela Anderson red-faced as balloon demo goes wrong on Jimmy Kimmel  [EXPLAINER]Bank of Dave millionaire won't give fortune away to children [SPOILER] When questioned about the son, Mian added: "He was maybe an extrapolation of myself." The businessman suffers with depression like the fictional Gunther and was desperate to find a cure for unhappiness. This is the reason why he set up The Burgundians and The Magnificent Five, watching them closely to see what made them all truly happy. He also explains the reason behind coming up with this elaborate and unusual story. Mian stated the family chose to put the money in the dog's name and in an offshore account in Liechtenstein to avoid paying high Italian taxes. He described it as a "carefully curated decision" in the Netflix show. His inspiration for Gunther came from his ex-girlfriend Antonella’s dog of the same name who he really adored. Gunther's Millions is available to watch on Netflix.