Bethenny Frankel has come under fire for her videos on TikTok, in which she slams Meghan Markle, 41 and her husband Prince Harry, 38, for their media appearances in the aftermath of Megxit. Some users have since accused the Real Housewives star of “bullying” the Sussex couple, however, on her Just B podcast, Bethenny said she just does not “respect” certain choices made by the Duchess, and those made by Kim Kardashian. On the claim that she “does not support women” Bethenny clarified: “I don’t support every woman, I support certain women. “It’s not that I don’t support Meghan Markle or Kim Kardashian. “I don’t respect the choices they’re making and what they represent. It’s not bullying, I don’t know them. “I just know what they represent to my daughter and what they have put out,” she added. READ MORE:James Jordan slammed as postpartum pic of Ola used to flog Dance Shred “It felt like this entire documentary was about how famous we are, ‘we’re so famous, it’s relentless,’” she said. “When you’re in a car, and you say you’re going garage to garage/ It feels like you really just want us to know how famous you are, which we do already know.” She continued, “If you’re being trolled by the media, the Royal Family gave you the advice to say nothing because that’s the advice that most very famous people are given. "If you add gasoline to the fire, the fire blows up even bigger.” She later accused the Duchess of Sussex of wanting the fame that came with becoming a royal and the opportunity to form friendships with other celebrities, such as Amal and George Clooney. “It doesn’t seem like someone who doesn’t want attention,” she said. DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon hints she's about to give birth after new baby photo (PHOTOS)Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss (NEWS)Piers Morgan calls Sam Smith 'Satan' as he blasts 'vulgar' Madonna (LATEST) The former Real Housewives of New York City star also said that how the couple handled their decision to step back from their roles as senior royals felt like a “smash and grab job for money". “It seems like she’s someone who entered into the monarchy and wanted to be in the leading role, and that role was already taken by Kate." Bethenny later claimed that she believed the documentary was “meant to garner sympathy.” “Bethenny, why do you hate Meghan Markle so much?” one Twitter user asked. “You seem unhinged by the fact that the Duchess draws breath," said another. Back in September, Frankel called Meghan “sanctimonious” during an episode of her podcast, Just B with Bethenny Frankel. “She’s up there, we’re down here,” she said. In May 2021, Frankel slammed Meghan ahead of her and Prince Harry’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, telling the Duchess: “Cry me a river.” 