A man has been arrested after police in Georgia, US broke up a cruel dog fighting training camp. Jacob Driver Jr, 50, was arrested at his home in East Rome last week and charged with "felony violation of the dog fighting statute and cruelty to animals." Local police saved 17 pit bulls from one of his properties, with some of the dogs found chained "by car axles that were buried in the ground." The Floyd County Police Department said the local Public Works department intervened to help officers "pulling the heavy anchors from the ground to destroy the illegal training camp. The department said evidence showed the dogs to be violent to other dogs and be constantly agitated. They said that equipment found at Driver's property was consistent with kit found in other dog fighting cases. Sharing details of the bust, the department said: "This equipment builds strength and endurance and includes thick collars, heavy chains and weighted vests. READ MORE: Man mocked for 'weird' attitude towards pets - 'do you even like your wife?' "The combined weight of the 17 chains was 169 pounds; the heaviest chain was 20 pounds." The 17 dogs found at the scene were placed under the care of Animal Control, who help the investigators. Officer Kelsi Wade said no one lived at the property with the dogs as the location was only being used to train them. Wade said: "No dog should ever endure some of the training these dogs have gone through." She said the officers also found blue barrels used as doghouses that were strategically placed to keep the dogs just out of reach of each other. The Floyd County Police Department officer said: "They're just close enough to where when the chain reaches out, they almost touch each other, but they don't get to interact with one another. "It helps build the aggression." Investigators reported they found evidence showing Driver routinely tracked the performance of the animals to sell them as "good breeding dogs." DON'T MISSBiden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump [INSIGHT]Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm [ANALYSIS]Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [VIDEO] Wade noted that the dogs were afraid to be approached when the investigators first arrived on scene: "They're not used to people walking up to them with good intentions." She added: "There were a few males on scene that had scarring on their front legs and chest and facial area, indicating they may have been fought or it may just be from training." "Most of them may be young enough where they will be able to be couch dogs, get treats all of the time and get true human love and affection. "No dog should ever endure the training these dogs have gone through. It's horrifying, it's heinous and it's awful." The Floyd County Police department said the facility was taken down following the bust-up. Driver was booked into Floyd County jail and is being held without bond. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews