Roma boss Jose Mourinho could jump ship and return to Chelsea if his current team don’t secure Champions League football next season. The Blues have been tipped to appoint the Portuguse for a third time in the summer after suffering a precipitous downturn of form under Graham Potter. Mourinho led Chelsea to two Premier League titles, two League Cups and the FA Cup during his first spell in charge at Stamford Bridge in the mid-noughties. The 60-year-old, who enjoyed success with Real Madrid and Inter Milan after leaving west London for the first time, then got his hands on another league title and League Cup trophy a decade later during a second spell in charge of the Blues. Both of Mourinho’s Chelsea tenures ended with his dismissal and he later took charge of Manchester United and Tottenham before moving to Roma in 2021. Mourinho led his current club to the Europa Conference League trophy during his first season at the helm last time around, although they weren’t able to qualify for this season’s Champions League as they finished sixth in Serie A. And, according to La Gazzetta dello Sport, a top-four finish this season will be crucial for Mourinho’s stay in Rome. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Roma are currently third in the Serie A table, despite the fact they have only won 12 of their 21 matches this campaign. But Mourinho isn’t completely happy in Italy as he expects more investment to be made in his team. According to the Daily Mail, Mourinho is eager to return to England next season and sees a third spell at Chelsea as his ideal scenario. The ex-Porto manager’s wife and children still live in London and he has always enjoyed managing in the Premier League more than working in other countries. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    Mourinho, who was named FIFA world coach of the year in 2010, was reportedly approached to take charge of the Portugal national team following the departure of Fernando Santos after last year’s World Cup. And Mourinho recently said: “I could've left [Roma] in December and didn't. This is my life, every day there is a game. Sometimes it might seem as if we are struggling, but we are up there with all the others who are very strong.” Mourinho will have just one more year remaining on his Roma contract at the end of the campaign, and Chelsea may decide to make a move for their former employee if they don’t see any improvements on the pitch in the coming months. But, for now, the Blues are sticking by Potter, who took over from Thomas Tuchel last September. 