Roma boss Jose Mourinho was quick to protect his players with a typical post-match interview after some were booed by supporters during Sunday's hard-fought home win over Hellas Verona. Ola Solbakken's goal just moments before the half-time whistle proved to be the winner for Roma, who climbed back up to third place in Serie A as a result of their spirited victory at the Stadio Olimpico. Some fans were not overly impressed with Roma's compact performance, though, and made their feelings known by booing from the stands at times over the course of the 90 minutes. Young midfielder Edoardo Bove was a particular target of the frustrations shown by supporters, leaving Mourinho feeling compelled to hit back after the full-time whistle by urging fans to temper their expectations."You can’t boo a boy because he loses a ball," fumed the Portuguese boss. "Someone like Bove should be carried in the arms of the fans, he loves Roma more than them. When I arrived, he was going on loan to Serie C. Today he plays as a starter."When fans talk about our right-backs, whoever plays, they can’t always think of Cafu or Maicon. I don’t need nice words, but my players do. We won today with a small piece of the Curva. I have to be criticised, but I have to protect my boys because they deserve more." JUST IN: Todd Boehly told not to pull trigger on Graham Potter for two reasons Mourinho also expressed his belief that Roma's players are fully deserving of more credit from supporters and the press, adding: "[It was] a deserved victory. Five or six players had played in Austria, [Rick] Karsdorp and [Leonardo] Spinazzola hadn’t played for a long time."Bove played on plastic pitches until last year, Solbakken is getting to know the team tactically, [Nicola] Zalewski plays in all possible positions. [Stephan] El Shaarawy, he is at the maximum of his physical possibilities. People don’t give the team everything it deserves. "[Andrea] Belotti deserved the goal for the match he played, but I can’t be happier than that for the group. People don’t give enough credit to this team for what they are doing in these conditions. And if they don’t understand them, there are problems."Roma were missing two of their highest-profile stars for the visit of Verona, with Paulo Dybala and Lorenzo Pellegrini missing due to injuries, while Tammy Abraham was forced off in the early stages of the match with what appeared to be a problem of his own. It remains to be seen whether Mourinho's pleas to fans will be noted over the coming weeks or if they will fall on deaf ears, with Roma still needing to do plenty of work to secure Champions League qualification at the end of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.