Manchester United didn’t sign Marcel Sabitzer permanently as they knew it would impact their chances of signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, according to reports. The Austria international has moved to Old Trafford on loan until the end of the season. And the Red Devils are hopeful he can fill the void left by Christian Eriksen’s injury, with the midfielder poised to be out of action until late April or early May. United were rocked by the news of Eriksen’s injury, especially with the Denmark international quickly becoming one of their most influential players at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag was cautious when speaking on Tuesday, suggesting the Red Devils would promote from within in the wake of the development. It quickly became apparent that United were hoping to add to their squad, with links to Youri Tielemans, Houssem Aouar and Yannick Carrasco all arising. In the end, however, they recruited Sabitzer instead - with the Austria international joining on loan from Bayern Munich until the end of the season. According to the Daily Mail, United haven’t landed the player permanently because they still want De Jong from Barcelona. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United spent 14 weeks pursuing the Netherlands international back in the summer, emboldened by Ten Hag’s positive relationship with the 25-year-old. The duo had previously worked together at Ajax, helping them reach the semi-finals of the Champions League back in 2019. But despite United putting everything into a deal, they ultimately missed out. Casemiro would arrive as an alternative, with the Brazil international since becoming an instant hit over at Old Trafford. Yet United’s interest in the player remains and it seems as though they’re preparing for another pursuit of the 25-year-old at the end of the season. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Sabitzer will only be joining on a straight loan, with no option or obligation to buy. And it’ll be interesting to see how the midfielder fares, with all of Ten Hag’s signings - Martin Dubravka and Jack Butland aside - working out so far. Former United star Louis Saha would love to see his old side land De Jong, telling Betfred: “Frenkie de Jong is an amazing player. “If Manchester United are to bring in another midfielder, then it should be somebody of his calibre and quality. “With the composure this player has got, then he’s going to be amazing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “With agent demands and big salaries, some moves can be blocked. It’s not the same transfer market anymore. “He should have gone to Manchester United already and it would have been great to see him there. “For some reason it’s been delayed and I don’t believe he’s been enjoying his football over the past six months. He’s a player that I believe will really improve Manchester United.” Sabitzer, meanwhile, can’t wait to get started at United. “Sometimes in life you have to make quick and important decisions,” he said. “From the moment I heard about this opportunity I knew it was right for me. I am a competitive player; I want to win and help the club achieve its aims this season. “I feel that I am at my peak as a player, and that I can contribute a lot of experience and energy to the squad. “I am excited to start with my new team-mates and manager and to show my qualities to Manchester United fans.”