During the latest episode of Death in Paradise, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (played by Don Warrington) arrested Neville Parker (Ralf Little) on suspicion of murder. The BBC drama began with the detective receiving a mysterious letter which read: "A murder will be committed today". Shortly after, water taxi driver Jake Dalton's (Ben Tavassoli) body was found. Neville and the team instantly got to work, and it didn't take him long to pinpoint the culprit - however, he couldn't prove it. The DI worked out that author David Cartwright (Patrick Kennedy) had committed the crime for no reason. Neville had clearly met his match and quickly became frustrated by his suspect, and after receiving a signed book from David, he went back to his hotel room to confront him. Although, moments later, David's body was discovered and Neville was the last person to see him alive. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore The detective was immediately arrested on suspicion of murder, but fans think the beloved detective has been framed, but by who? This has led fans to question whether Neville will be sent to prison and be forced to leave the show. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Marlon Pryce teased Neville's future on the island. "I can't tell you too much," Tahj began. "We like watching people find out as things unravel slowly. "So even giving little hints might send people on a sidetrack of theories." "But it is worth the wait," the actor continued as he addressed Neville's future. "It's worth waiting and watching things unravel slowly. "We watched the last couple of episodes the other day and it's brilliant. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [REACTION]22 Kids and Counting fans fume at Radford family's 'tone deaf' remark [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [INSIGHT] "It is really good how things come to a conclusion and it is a deserved wait." "It is beautiful, they'll enjoy it," the Marlon Pryce star added. Ralf Little has also teased how his storyline will play out during a Q and A on social media. One eagle-eyed fan threw in the theory that someone close to Neville framed him for murder. "My money is on Marlon [Pryce]," the fan pointed out. "I would love to see how that would pan out, that would be great," Ralf teased. Following the cliffhanger, fans have been coming up with their own theories about who put Neville in the frame. Some believe it is his new love interest, Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge) who recently arrived back in Saint Marie. Others think it is the detective's colleague, Andy (Kent Riley) who made a brief appearance in one of the episodes. Death in Paradise airs on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.