James Milner has declared Liverpool still do not actually know the root cause of their problems this season. The Reds slipped up again at Crystal Palace on Saturday night with a goalless Selhurst Park draw seeing them miss an opportunity to close in on the top four. Jurgen Klopp's side had the chance in south London to move, at least temporarily, four points away from the Champions League spots. But they were unable to find an opening goal with Diogo Jota and Mohamed Salah both hitting the woodwork. Liverpool have won just two of seven Premier League matches in 2023 and now face a big week in which they welcome Wolves and then the in-form Manchester United to Anfield. But ahead of those two games, Milner claims he and his team-mates are not fully certain where they're going wrong at present. The 37-year-old veteran, who is out of contract at Anfield in the summer, said of the Merseyside outfit's poor form this season: “There are so many reasons it could be, but nobody can put their finger on it. “When things aren’t going well people ask you for a reason, and it’s an excuse. It is important not get too down and hearing the noise. MUST READ: Chelsea star Enzo Fernandez urges Boehly to sign Felix permanently “There is going to be noise when you are at a club like Liverpool, and it is down to us to block that out and put it right.” Milner believes Klopp's charges are lacking luck in matches and says they are struggling to deal with that fact. He continued: “When things are going well for you, the ball hits the woodwork and goes in rather than rebounding back out, or it hits the goalkeeper and goes in off his back. “At the moment, things are not going our way, and it is hitting us a bit harder than it should. And that is something we can deal with better and react when little things don’t go our way in the game. “When you are flying and winning 15 games in row, not every chance goes in. But everything feels a lot more difficult when things aren’t going your way. DON'T MISS...Jack Grealish winds up Bournemouth fans as Man City run riotArsenal and Liverpool 'to join intense battle' for Alexis Mac AllisterWrexham owners Reynolds and McElhenney 'set up Man Utd friendly' “That’s human nature, it is how the brain works. Everything is easier when you are flying and you don’t think about it.” Liverpool welcome Wolves on Wednesday for their fourth meeting this season with the Midlands outfit. The Reds were crushed 3-0 at Molineux at the start of February in the league, having contested two FA Cup matches in January. They drew 2-2 at Anfield before Harvey Elliott's goal sealed an away win in a third-round replay. Liverpool then take on Carabao Cup winners and bitter rivals Man United, also at home, on Sunday. The Red Devils have claimed 23 of 30 available points since the World Cup as they look to creep into Arsenal and Manchester City's fight for the title.