Post Malone is finally hitting the UK. After announcing his Twelve Carat tour will take place throughout North America earlier this year, he has now revealed a string of 13 tour dates across Europe, six of which are taking place in the United Kingdom. The 5x diamond-certified singer will be hitting the likes of London, Glasgow and Manchester this April - but tickets are going to run out fast. Post Malone's presale event is sure to run out fast, but here's all the information you need to get hold of your tickets. The Post Malone presale events start tomorrow, Wednesday, March 1, 2023, at 12:00pm depending on which venue you're buying tickets from. Concert halls such as Glasgow's OVO Hydro are holding their own presale events and will have some tickets set aside for fans who have already registered their interest. Tickets can be grabbed from the venue's official websites or from Ticketmaster. O2 Priority is also holding its own presale event tomorrow, Wednesday, March 1, 2023, at 12:00pm. Tickets from this presale event can be claimed by users of the O2 mobile phone network. Once a priority code or link has been acquired, the tickets can be claimed from Ticketmaster. The third and final presale event kicks off Thursday, March 2, 2023, at 12:00pm. This is a Live Nation presale event so fans of Post Malone should register their interest in the concert of their choice to get a presale code in time for the ticket release. Tickets will drop from midday on Thursday, so it is advised fans get in the virtual queue well in advance to avoid disappointment. If fans do miss out on Post Malone's presale events, there is still one more chance to get tickets this week. Post Malone general onsale tickets come out on Friday, March 3, 2023, at 12:00pm. These will be the tickets anyone can purchase, and will be available from a number of retailers. Fans of Ticketmaster will be able to grab their tickets here once they go live. While Live Nation lovers can grab theirs by clicking this link. See Tickets users can also join in on the fun by grabbing tickets from this link from 12:00pm on March 3, 2023. Post Malone fans will need to act fast, however, as these tickets are predicted to sell out very quickly. Thankfully, in order to avoid disappointment, there are a few things fans can do to help their case. First of all, it is imperative to sign up for the website of your ticket seller of choice well in advance. This way, you can input your credit card details and delivery address to make for a quicker checkout process. What's more, it is advised that fans get in the virtual queue well in advance of the ticket's go-live time. This will give them a better shot of grabbing tickets once the digital queue has begun - however it is IMPERATIVE that fans do not refresh or exit the queue page. Otherwise, they'll miss out on their slot and be forced to start all over again. Post Malone is hitting Europe in one fell swoop across 13 massive tour dates. Six of these are taking place in the United Kingdom, and fans will be ecstatic to learn he is hitting some of the country's biggest cities. Kicking off his British stint in London, Post Malone will play two nights in London's O2 Arena on May 4 and May 6. After this, Post Malone will head to Ireland where he'll play Dublin's 3Arena. Once Ireland has been conquered by the Sunflower singer, he'll head to Scotland where he'll play Glasgow's OVO Hydro, before heading down the country. There, he'll finish up his British run of shows in Birmingham before going to Manchester. After that, he'll be heading to Amsterdam for his final show of the tour. (*With Support from Rae Sremmurd)