The Tories are on course for their worst defeat in more than 300 years of political history after the first 100 days of Rishi Sunak's tenure as Prime Minister. The despiriting poll results comes in a week where 500,000 workers walked out on strike and Mr Sunak had to sack his party chairman Nadhim Zahawi after a tax scandal. According to the Techne UK tracker poll for Express.co.uk Labour has maintained its 21 point gap with 48 percent (up one from last week) to the Conservatives' 27 percent (also up one). The Lib Dems remain on just 8 percent while Reform UK are stuck on 7 percent and the greens are down to 4 percent. The findings show that Mr Sunak, who started the week with a speech to NHS workers in the North East, has so far failed to move the dial on voting intentions with an electorate increasingly frustrated with the Government after a year dominated by turmoil and scandal last year. Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Techne UK, said: "This has been another very difficult week for Rishi Sunak and the Conservative Government. "Wednesday saw nearly half a million workers on strike with the civil service trade union joining a major teaching union walking out. "Whilst not coordinated action this week for the first time very much felt like a general strike. Our tracker poll of Westminster voting intention saw the Labour lead holding firm ahead of the Conservatives at 21 points. "The Labour Party grew by one point of national vote share to 48 percent with the the Conservative Party also increasing by one point seeing them now up to 27 percent of national vote share. "Perhaps the only really small silver lining for the Conservatives was that the sacking of their Party Chairman last Sunday does not seem to have impacted any further their vote share." According to the prediction website Electoral Calculus, if this result was repeated in a general election the Conservatives would have their worst ever result even below the 165 seats John Major's Tories won in 1997 when they were crushed by Tony Blair. The prediction shows the Tories would have just 116 seats while Sir Keir Starmer's Labour would have an overall majority of 242. It comes as former cabinet minister Nadine Dorries has called Mr Sunak "the submarine Prime Minister2 for keeping a low profile in his first 100 days as she prepares to interview Boris Johnson tomorrow. Mr Sunak did come out fighting tonight with an interview on Talk TV with Piers Morgan where he admitted he had thought his career as a minister was over ahead of Liz Truss' dramatic resignation last year. He said he had been eating lunch at TGI Friday's with his daughters when the news broke in what many people consider to be a coup by his supporters. The Prime minister defended his policies on nurses pay and preventing Nicola Sturgeon from allowing people to change their sex including rapists wanting to go into female prisons. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak insists a woman is an 'adult human female' Labour is particularly strong among younger voters withj 54 percent of all 18-to-44-year-olds saying they would back Starmer's party in an election. In comparison only one in five (20 percent) would vote Conservative. With older voters aged 65 and over the result is almost even with 35 percent Conservative and 37 percent Labour. However, a third of the voters who delivered the 80 seat majority for Boris Johnson in 2019 have now abandoned the Tories with 20 percent now backing Labour and 13 percent backing Reform UK. The Tories are still strong among 2016 Leave voters with 43 percent to Labour's 28 percent although 13 percent support Richard Tice's Reform UK. DON'T MISS Sunak not knowing Zahawi tax problems is 'inconceivable' says insider [REVEAL] Sunak is King of Commons sparring ring as Starmer knocks himself out [INSIGHT] POLL – Should TV licence fee be means-tested? [REACT]