Today, Sophie wore a chic black blazer which she paired with a navy blue maxi dress. However, it is the necklace she has wore that may be the most meaningful part of her look. Maxwell Stone, creative director of Steven Stone jewellers, spoke to Express.co.uk about the royal’s symbolic jewellery choice. He stated: “Sophie, Countess of Wessex accessorised with a striking pendant. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  “Designed by Cassandra Goad, the 9ct yellow gold pendant is engraved with a popular quote by Bob Marley. “Gold is associated with grandeur, prosperity and wealth, so it’s particularly common to see members of the Royal Family sporting it.” However, the real meaning of the jewel lies in the writing embossed on it and is perhaps a message to help Sophie cope through a difficult family time. Engraved in curly writing in spirals on the pendant, it reads “Love the life you live, live the life you love”.   Maxwell continued: “The Bob Marley quote – 'Love the life you live, live the life you love' – has an air of optimism about it and is a touching choice from the royal, who might be still mourning the death of Queen Elizabeth II, as it refers to being thankful for and nurturing the life you were given.” It is no secret that the 57-year-old Countess was incredibly close to her mother-in-law, with Sophie having been with Prince Edward since 1993. Maxwell added: “In this particular situation, Sophie’s choice of pendant could be seen as her paying homage to her family and role within it." The pendant is currently retailed at £2,790 and is from Cassandra's Classic Collection. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  It is sold separately from the chain, and there are 15 chains to choose from so jewellery lovers can complete the necklace. As for her outfit, the Countess wore her Harris Wharf London Oversized Gingham Maxi Coat in Brown/Blue over it. She first debuted this coat in March last year, but unfortunately, the coat is no longer in stock, so it is unclear how much it cost at the time of purchase. The coat features long sleeves, a belt and is covered in a blue and brown gingham print. Today, Sophie planted a tree at Joanna Roper’s Residence, as she is the British Ambassador to the Netherlands, in memory of Her Late Majesty Queen Elizabeth. The Countess also met embassy staff. Sophie also presented Duke of Edinburgh awards to 24 young people who made a change to their communities, tested their limits, enhanced their skills, and grew their confidence. The Countess additionally visited the International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP) today. The ICMP was set up to address the issue of missing persons, whether as a result of conflict, disaster, or crime.