Brentford manager Thomas Frank hopes David Raya will stay 'forever' and doesn't want the club to sell him for less than £40million this summer. Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham are reportedly among the heavyweights interested in a move at the end of the season. Raya has flourished into one of the Premier League's top stoppers since Brentford's promotion, naturally attracting suitors. The 27-year-old Spaniard's fine season continued against Arsenal on Saturday, making six saves to help secure a 1-1 draw at the Emirates Stadium. He has been widely heralded for his shot-stopping and ability with the ball at his feet, a trait increasingly valuable in the modern game. And Frank doesn't want the Bees to let him leave for cheap, despite his contract expiring in 2024. He said: "If he turns it [a new contract] down twice, that's a signal he doesn't want that. I thought we put two really good offers out there, but that's fine. It's a free world. We can't force anyone. JUST IN: Harry Maguire 'accepts' summer transfer as Man Utd face huge loss  "I hope he will stay forever. Of course, that looks like it could be very difficult with the contract situation. He must be at least £40million, if not more." Earlier this week, Raya confirmed that he had rejected two contract proposals from Brentford as he eyes the next step in his career. But he insisted his focus was on helping the Londoners continue an excellent campaign as they challenge for European football. "I don't think it's the right time to sign a contract at the moment," Raya explained. "I'm really, really happy and right now, I'm just thinking about doing the best for the team and trying to push for Europe. DON'T MISS Premier League block Tottenham from making emergency transfer VAR's seven worst decisions as Arsenal robbed and Man Utd benefitVAR chief axed for Liverpool and Arsenal games ahead of meeting "I was offered a new contract last year and one in January, but we didn't reach an agreement. "For now, a new contract is secondary. The most important thing is the team and the games. We'll see where we are in May." Chelsea, United and Spurs could be involved in a bidding war this summer, especially if Brentford maintain a strict stance on his valuation. But if the Bees do the unthinkable and achieve European qualification, Raya could be tempted to extend his stay. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here