Gary Lineker can't understand why Joelinton would have been able to play the Carabao Cup final if he'd picked up his 10th yellow of the season against Liverpool while Nick Pope will miss the tie against Manchester United after his sending off. Newcastle were already 2-0 down when Pope rushed out of his box and made a catastrophic error of judgement. The Newcastle shot-stopper tried to prevent Mohamed Salah from getting to the ball, appearing to go for a diving header low to the ground. But instead of making contact with his head, Pope inadvertently stopped the ball with his hands. Referee Anthony Taylor wasted little time in brandishing a red card, meaning he would miss next week's Carabao Cup final. Joelinton was also walking a tightrope for the remainder of the game as he risked a one-game ban having accumulated nine yellow cards throughout the season. However, the Brazilian wouldn't have suffered the same fate as Pope in missing next week's Carabao Cup final even if he had picked up that yellow card. The rules were changed on suspensions from accumulating yellow cards only being applied for that specific competition.  However, red cards are carried across all domestic competitions, meaning Pope will miss the final against Erik ten Hag's side. Lineker felt sorry for the Newcastle goalkeeper and pointed out the rule "anomaly" while speaking about the red card incident on Match of the Day. "Wasn't Joelinton on nine yellows?" Lineker started. "If he'd have got another yellow he would have missed two games but not the Carabao Cup final. "That's an anomaly. Why is that? Come on! Let him play in the cup final. He's been brilliant this season.  "Dubravka is their reserve keeper and the irony is that he's played for Manchester United in the Carabao Cup so he'll get a winner's medal if Manchester United win - he can't play. So then it comes down to Loris Karius, who hasn't played a game for two years [or Mark Gillespie] who's never played in the Premier League." Lineker later added: "Let him play, let him play. Go on, it will be nice wouldn't it. It's the right thing to do." Shearer shared Lineker's sympathy, pointing out the successful season Pope has enjoyed up until that point. "It's a big blow for Newcastle. A huge blow actually for Nick Pope and Newcastle because he's been superb this season," he said. "I do feel for him because that's the only error he's made."