Meghan Markle did not appreciate having to follow royal protocol and playing second fiddle to Kate, the Princess of Wales, according to a royal aide. The Duchess of Sussex, 41, has lamented struggling with a lack of guidance from the Palace on how to be a royal since stepping down in 2020. But a Kensington Palace aide told author Tom Quinn that Meghan was "shocked" by protocol and struggled to come to terms with the fact she would always play a secondary role to her sister-in-law. In his new book Gilded Youth, "staffer at Kensington Palace who remembered Meghan well" is quoted. They claimed that while the Duchess had always been "nice", she found it difficult no longer being in "control of her destiny". The staffer said: "She is basically a very nice, smiley, super-positive person, but having always felt in control of her own destiny and with the sort of personality that strives to be the best, she suddenly found herself in an institution she found she couldn't influence and that assigns roles to people that do not change. "She was dazzled by the worldwide fame that being a princess would bring, but she was shocked by the palace protocol and by the fact that she was not and never could be first in the pecking order. JUST IN: Princess Charlotte and Louis's roles at Coronation unveiled as George to take centre stage "She hated the constraints and the rules; she hated being a second-rate princess - second to Catherine Middleton, I mean." The staffer also claimed Meghan had originally believed the late Queen would have allowed her and Prince Harry to set up their new home at Windsor Castle rather than Nottingham Cottage at Kensington Palace. The pair later relocated to Frogmore House on the grounds of Windsor Castle. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' William to reject Harry's Coronation ultimatum as Duke demands apology Meghan and Harry went public with their relationship in 2016 but only started carrying out official duties a month after they became engaged the following year. Less than three years after the former American actress joined the royal fold, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced they would step down and set up their new household in North America. DON'T MISS:King Charles set to be the last sovereign for many, expert says [REPORT]Intimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [REVEALED]Camilla attack forces U-turn on Roald Dahl censorship [LATEST] They have since opened up about their experience as members of the Firm, criticising the institution's failure to support them through the pressure they faced both internally and from the public. Prince Harry also accused his relatives' staff of briefing against him and Meghan in a bid to minimise negative coverage about their employers. Another Kensington Palace aide argued the couple's dislike for the media has played a pivotal role in strengthening their relationship over the years. They told Quinn: "This is the glue or a large part of it that keeps Meghan and Harry together." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews