Tonight, Sunday, February 5, 2023, the annual Grammy Awards ceremony is hitting TV screens. The ceremony will celebrate music from the past 12 months, with some major artists up for a number of awards. But while the likes of Adele, Beyoncé and Harry Styles are all up for multiple gongs, Sam Smith has just one category nomination. Smith is performing during the ceremony tonight and has also been nominated for an award in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category. They are in the nominees in tandem with German singer and songwriter Kim Petras for their massive hit Unholy. In the category, the Stay With Me star is up against some other major pop stars, including ABBA (with Don't Shut Me Down), Post Malone and Doja Cat (with I Like You (A Happier Song)) and Coldplay and BTS (with My Universe). Unfortunately, it seems as if Smith does not have a great shot at winning the award.  Ladbrokes have recently awarded Smith a meagre 6/1 on claiming the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance award. This makes them the outsider, falling behind the other magnificent artists in the category. The bookies also revealed Coldplay and BTS are sitting atop the leaderboard with incredible 5/4 odds. This isn't a major surprise considering how popular My Universe was when it hit the charts around the world back in September 2021. DON'T MISS...Grammys 2023 predictions say Harry Styles will lose Album of the Year [NEWS]Shania Twain sparks speculation with platinum blonde transformation [INFO]Here's a guide to watching the Grammys 2023 in the US and UK [WATCH THE GRAMMYS] My Universe topped charts around the globe, including the Billboard Hot 200. Coldplay's frontman, Chris Martin, later looked back on the song: "About 18 months ago I got a message from somebody, they said: ‘BTS want to a do a song with you’ and I said: ‘How would that work? I didn’t understand how that could be possible. [...] My friend said the phrase ‘my universe’ one day and I wrote down ‘my universe’ and I felt that’s a cool title. Then I took it to my friend and said: ‘OK let’s do a demo with BTS’.” Meanwhile, Smith's Unholy was also a massive hit when it arrived on charts a full year later in September 2022. The track debuted at number one in Australia, Austria, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. Unholy has also gone double-platinum in Poland, as well as platinum in a number of countries including the UK. Smith previously said of the song: "Unholy was made in Jamaica and was one of the most glorious creative moments I've ever had as an artist. [...] It was so cathartic and freeing to experiment like this and throw out the rule book. It has also been an honour to work with Kim and get to witness her brilliance. This song is about liberating oneself from the clutches of others' secrets." The track has since been praised for its "glitchy synthpop" style, as well as its "pulsating, dance-heavy beats". Learn how to watch The Grammys 2023 in the UK here.