A police chief has been fired for allegedly being "aware of sexual misconduct" relating to a scandal within his team. Burrel 'Chip' Davis - who was not involved in the sex scandal - was initially suspended but later let go. The Tennessee police department hit the headlines after launching internal investigations into allegations ex-officer Maegan Hall was having affairs with male colleagues. Ms Hall, 26, even engaged in sexual activities with fellow officers while on-duty. The City of La Vergne found Mr Davis "was aware of the sexual misconduct within his department and never reported or disciplined any of the officers involved". Responding to Mr Davis' dismissal, Mayor Jason Cole said: "There aren’t words to describe the disappointment and frustration felt by myself and other city leaders. Officers are held to a higher standard, even more so is their chief. JUST IN: First images released of suspected Chinese spy balloon being recovered from the ocean   "We take the health, safety, and wellbeing of every employee at La Vergne extremely seriously and a culture similar to the one uncovered in these investigations is not acceptable. "We will continue to do what needs to be done in order to do what’s right for our officers, our city employees, and our community." La Vergne officials hired a third-party investigator to look into "exactly what Davis knew", Fox News has claimed. The investigator concluded Davis was aware of the sexual misconduct. READ MORE: Joe Biden to 'put down 2024 seeds' at State of Union as Trump ally claims POTUS 'failed' Investigators added: "[Davis] impeded the initial investigation into sexual misconduct." However, the ex-police chief reportedly helped conduct the force's internal investigations. Deputy chief Brent Hatcher was named as Davis' interim replacement. The city will soon launch a nationwide search for a new chief of police. DON'T MISS: King Charles warned over 'drawing attention' to Harry's memoir if he wants reconciliation[EXCLUSIVE]Xi Jinping shoots himself in foot as China spy balloon destroys Beijing's own strategy [LATEST]Elvis exploded at Priscilla after being accused of spoiling Lisa Marie 'You listen here!' [INSIGHT] The internal probe led to five officers being fired, including Patrol Officer Juan Lugo Perez, Sergeant Lewis Powell, Detective Seneca Shields and Sergeant Henry Ty McGowan. Three other officers, K-9 officer Larry Holladay, Patrol Officer Patrick Magliocco and Patrol Officer Gavin Schoeberl, were also suspended. Transcripts from the investigation revealed Hall's response to the sexual escapades. Hall said she "cracked" after considering divorce from her husband. She added: "Me and my husband were kind of on the verge of a divorce, and I just cracked and then it just kind of got out of hand." 