Mick Schumacher will not get behind the wheel of Mercedes’ car before the start of the F1 season next month, according to German newspaper Auto Motor und Sport. The German star took part in a seat fitting last week after putting pen to paper on a deal as the team’s third driver for 2023. However, reports suggest Mercedes has no testing planned for the 23-year-old in a blow to his chances of launching an F1 comeback. It is understood Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will be behind the wheel for F1’s only three-day pre-season test in Bahrain. However, Schumacher is still expected to be the team’s official reserve and will step in if Hamilton and Russell are unavailable. A date on when Schumacher could get behind the cockpit of the new Mercedes W09 for the first time has yet to be determined. Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff stressed Schumacher would get time on track this season but accepted his simulator work would be crucial. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher boosts chances of F1 comeback due to McLaren agreement He explained: “Where he (Schumacher) will massively contribute is that he's driven the new car for a year, has been in F1 for two years, knows the tyres, knows the difficulties in the inherent DNA of the current generation of F1 cars, and he will be super helpful in the simulator and in assessing the car overall. It will be good to have him on track and in the debriefing room, and he's a credible young racing driver. From that perspective, we have definitely gained with Mick joining the team." Mercedes snapped up the services of the youngster after Haas refused to agree to a new deal. Schumacher was replaced by experienced F1 star Nico Hulkenberg after failing to impress team boss Guenther Steiner. Haas’ major concern is understood to have been Schumacher’s accident record with three serious shunts last season. DON'T MISSMick Schumacher spotted in a Mercedes for first time as Silver Arrows [INSIGHT]Guenther Steiner's Mick Schumacher decision branded a 'waste of time'  [COMMENT]Mick Schumacher could have 'been a hero' like dad Michael  [ANALYSIS] He cost the team millions of pounds worth of damage in high-speed crashes in Saudi Arabia, Monaco and Japan. Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff recently accepted Schumacher could be a “good racing driver” and return to the grid after further development. However, he revealed the Silver Arrows may have to let Schumacher leave the team to further his career, similar to Nyck de Vries departure to AlphaTauri for 2023. On signing for Mercedes, Schumacher commented: “I take this as a new start, and I am just excited and grateful to Toto and everybody involved for putting their trust in me. “F1 is such a fascinating world, and you never stop learning, so I look forward to absorbing more knowledge and putting in all my efforts for the benefit of the Mercedes team.”