Speaking at the Munich Security Conference, the Prime Minister called for a stronger "military strategy to win the war" and a "political strategy to win the peace" process. "The UK will be the first country to send Ukraine long-range equipment," he said. Sunak kicked off his speech by saying the only way to stop pain and suffering inflicted by Russian forces is "for Ukraine to win". The Prime Minister told the forum: "Our collective efforts are making a difference. "But with every day that passes, Russian forces inflict yet more pain and suffering. "Now the only way to change that is for Ukraine to win." The UK is working with allies to give Ukraine "the most advanced air defence systems" and build the air force it needs to defend the country, Mr Sunak has said. He added: "Together we must help Ukraine to shield its cities from Russian bombs and Iranian drones." He added: "It's why we're working with allies to give Ukraine the most advanced air defence systems and build the air force they need to defend their nation. "Of course, the United Kingdom stands ready to help any country provide planes that Ukraine can use today. But we must also train Ukrainian pilots to use the most advanced jets. "That's exactly what Britain is doing so Ukraine has the capability to defend its security in the long term." READ MORE: Wagner soldiers desperately beg Putin for help  The Prime Minister said "the whole world must hold Russia to account" for war crimes against Ukraine and criticised the agreements of the "post-Cold War era" for failing Ukraine. Calling for a strengthening of international law, he told the Munich security conference: "To win the peace, we also need to rebuild the international order on which our collective security depends. "First, that means upholding international law. The whole world must hold Russia to account. We must see justice through the ICC for their sickening war crimes committed, whether in Bucha, Irpen, Mariupol or beyond, and Russia must also be held to account for the terrible destruction it has inflicted." He added: "Second, the treaties and agreements of the post-Cold War era have failed Ukraine, so we need a new framework for its long-term security. "From human rights to reckless nuclear threats from Georgia to Moldova, Russia has committed violation after violation against countries outside of the collective assurance of NATO." DON'T MISS:Putin's leg movements at Lukashenko meeting fuels health rumours [INSIGHT]Ukrainian boy fled war with just a phone number written on his hand [VIDEO]US calls Putin's long-planned offensive 'pathetic' [ANALYSIS] He also called for a new NATO charter to be set up to help protect Ukraine from future Russian aggression. He said: "We must demonstrate that we'll remain by their side, willing and able to help them defend their country again and again. "Ukraine needs and deserves assurances of that support. "So, ahead of the NATO summit in Vilnius, we will bring together our friends and allies to begin building those long-term assurances. "Our aim should be to forge a new charter in Vilnius to help protect Ukraine from future Russian aggression."