The legendary Bjorn Borg has paid tribute to the attitude of Rafael Nadal as the Spaniard builds towards extending his incredible record at the French Open. Last year, Nadal followed up his Australian Open win with an unprecedented 14th win at Roland Garros, taking his Grand Slam total to 22. But since then, injuries have plagued the 36-year-old, forced to withdraw from his Wimbledon semi final against Nick Kyrgios before early exits at both the US Open and on his return to Melbourne Park in January. And with the next Slam in Paris starting in May, Nadal will head in having seen his major record equalled by Novak Djokovic following his triumph down under. And sure enough, the icon has bounced back from adversity numerous times in his career, having become renowned for his work ethic and physical work. And Bjorg, himself an 11-time Slam winner, is all too aware of his dedication having worked with him in his role as Team Europe Laver Cup captain since 2017. This week, the Swede was in Chennai, India, to support son Leo in his latest ATP Challenger 100 men's international tournament, but he was beaten in the first round by Serbia's Hamad Međedovic. And there, he gave former Indian player Vijay Amritraj an insight into Nadal's training routines. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'is annoyed' at being questioned after Australian Open suspicions "We used to spend five or six hours a day practicing," said Borg. "At the Laver Cup, they used to open the courts at 6am because Rafa would just serve for an hour before he actually started practice. I have never seen a player spend so much time on a tennis court. He's one of the greats; he commits so much time to his game. It's unbelievable." The 66-year-old won six French Open titles, a tally only topped by Nadal. However, despite his praise for his fellow clay court specialist, it was Djokovic who he tipped to eventually retire with the most Grand Slam wins on his CV. DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu signs up to new mixed doubles event and picks familiar partnerNick Kyrgios leaps to Matteo Berrettini's defence and compares earnings to Jannik SinnerTennis chiefs facing crisis with 'tournaments in danger' due to Wimbledon's Russian ban "Djokovic is fit and he's eager to play," he added. "He has three to five more very good years of tennis in him. He wants to break all the records and set new records. I think he'll win a few more Grand Slams. I wish him the best. Last September, Borg's side lost the Laver Cup for the first time to Team World, who were captained by John McEnroe. The event took place amid emotional scenes, with Roger Federer playing his last match in professional tennis in a doubles defeat with Nadal.