Much-loved broadcaster, Ant McPartlin, 47, left viewers of Limitless Win shocked last week after he admitted to not washing his jeans very frequently. The revelation left the TV host open to mockery from his partner in crime and co-host, Dec Donnelly, also 47. During the Saturday night quiz, Ant attempted to help contestants Conall and Michael after they were asked: "According to Levi's, to maintain the fit, you shouldn't wash your jeans until you've worn them how many times?" Dec put his view forward first, saying: “I think it's loads, I think you should wear them, wear them, wear them”. Ant then replied and admitted: “I never wash my jeans, never.” This left fans of the show bewildered, with many taking to social media to voice their opinions. READ MORE... Sister of Beatles' legend George Harrison dies in Florida User @Annabel_Jones_ said: "Wait a minute: did I hear that right??? Ant NEVER washes his jeans #LimitlessWin."  @StevenKelly82 said: “Who wears their jeans 10 times without washing them #LimitlessWin.”  Another viewer, @leahhmariee93, posted: “Catching up on tonight’s #LimitlessWin and I need to ask.. @antanddec do your jeans smell a bit?”  The backlash seemed to have had an impact on Ant, as while filming for the audition stages of Britain’s Got Talent, Dec started recording a video on his phone while sneaking up on his fellow Geordie, after spotting a change in his outfit. Ant quickly realises Dec is filming and asks: “What are you doing? Are you filming my privates, Dec?” Dec quickly responded: “No I’m not! I’m filming your chinos. Where are your jeans?” Ant admitted: “Well, after last week’s Limitless Win, I got a lot of hate about not washing my jeans so every pair of jeans is in the wash." "He's finally washing his jeans, folks," Dec revealed. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with CamillaJeremy Clarkson shouted at by girlfriend as he 'takes time off'Amanda Holden doesn't want daughter 'anywhere near Love Island' Ant then said Dec’s chinos looked smart, to which his co-host joked: "You should think about it, you tramp.” The concept of Limitless Win is for two contestants to answer questions at a time, in an attempt to win as much money as possible, with no limit to the final prize fund as they continue climbing the Money Ladder. And it seems Dec won't allow Ant to forget about his grim clothing insight on the show any time soon. The loveable Geordie duo were spotted in London as they arrived to film the start of Britain’s Got Talent at the London Palladium. This comes amid rumours that Bruno Tonioli, 67, would be replacing David Walliams on the panel, which has now officially been confirmed. The former Strictly Come Dancing judge has recorded his first set of shows for the hit talent competition alongside Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, and Alesha Dixon. However, Bruno’s addition to the panel, has been met with some controversy, especially by his fellow judges. Seasoned judges Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon were reportedly furious upon discovering that Bruno will receive the same wage as them, given they have been judges for a lot longer. No air date has been announced yet for the popular talent show, but it will likely kick off in April.