Manchester United are currently reaping the rewards from hiring Benni McCarthy as a coach. The South African has been helping players work on their shooting, with Marcus Rashford particularly impressive since his appointment in the summer. So, with that being the case, it’s time to look into his life so far. McCarthy was born in Cape Town and his older brother, Jerome McCarthy, used to play football himself for Kaizer Chiefs and Manning Rangers. And that, perhaps, inspired the retired striker to chance his arm in football himself. McCarthy had spells at seven Stars and Cape Town Spurs but joined Ajax back in 1997, where he got his big break. The forward impressed enough to earn a move to La Liga side Celta Vigo, with a £5million deal making him the most expensive player in South African history at the time. McCarthy’s best years, however, were spent at Porto under Jose Mourinho. Ahead of the 2003/2004 season, having lost Helder Postiga to Tottenham, the Portuguese giants decided to bring McCarthy in as a replacement. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And it was certainly a decision that paid off. He quickly established himself as the main man under Mourinho, bagging 25 goals from 47 matches across all competitions to propel the club to Champions League glory. After Mourinho’s exit, his form suffered. McCarthy would only score 21 goals during his final two years at the club. But he’d proceed to hit the ground running at Blackburn Rovers upon moving in 2006, netting a remarkable 24 times from 50 games across all competitions. He would retire with West Ham in 2011, having struggled to regain the form of old. Since retiring from football, McCarthy married former Miss Edinburgh Stacey Munro in May 2014. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The couple met when the striker was filming an advert for Nike in the city. And McCarthy has previously spoken of their relationship, saying: “We met in Edinburgh. “I went there on a shoot and she was one of those pretty girls they have as extras. “I couldn’t concentrate on what I was supposed to do.” McCarthy and Stacey married in Scotland and the ceremony was attended by close friends who he jetted in from Soth Africa. The former Porto and Blackburn striker even wore a kilt, with McCarthy aged 36 at the time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It was his second marriage, with the United coach previously wedding a Spanish woman named Maria Jose-Santos. He was only 23 at the time but the pair split in 2006. McCarthy and Stacey have since had two children together, with the United coach also fathering three kids with his first wife. These days, his main focus is on helping Erik ten Hag bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. And, speaking last month, the Dutchman was full of praise for the 45-year-old and the work he’s done at the club so far. “In our coaching staff, we had a lot of defenders and midfield players," Ten Hag said. “He is offensive [minded] as he is a former striker and that is also a really specific job task in the team. “I never played there, so I’m [always] lucky to have someone in my staff who played there. "Football is about scoring and you have a goalkeeping specialist, but you also have offensive specialists and in particular we have a specific scoring trainer. “He has to add that, in details, working and for the rest of us he has a relationship to all the players in our squad. “He also has to work on the togetherness and he is doing a great job on that.”