Dr. Lillian Glass is a human behaviour and body language expert. She is the author of the best-seller Toxic People: Toxic People: 10 Ways Of Dealing With People Who Make Your Life Miserable. She claims Kate Middleton wanted to be "cooperative" with the Duchess of Sussex. Dr. Lillian spoke with Express about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, and specifically addressed the texts sent between Kate Middleton and the Duchess of Sussex. She claimed "Kate wanted to cooperate" in the tense text exchange with Meghan. The texts in question were published in Harry's tell-all autobiography Spare, and Harry claimed the exchange left his wife sobbing on the floor. In the memoir, Harry claims Kate sent his wife a message that read: "Charlotte’s dress is too big, too long, too baggy. She cried when she tried it on at home." Meghan allegedly asked Kate to have the dress altered by her on-hand tailor who was at Kensington Palace. According to Harry, Meghan responded: "Right, and I told you the tailor has been standing by since eight am. Here. At KP. Can you take Charlotte to have it altered, as the other moms are doing?” But the Princess of Wales suggested all the dresses needed to be remade, Prince Harry claimed in his book. Meghan replied: "I'm not sure what else to say. If the dress doesn't fit then please take Charlotte to see Ajay. He's been waiting all day." Kate, the Duke claimed, replied saying: "Fine". READ MORE: Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home & prices average $1.42M Harry said: "It was intolerable but temporary. Kate hadn’t meant any harm, I told (Meghan)." The behaviour expert believes the Princess of Wales was trying to cooperate with the soon-to-be Duchess of Sussex. When asked if she read the messages Harry claims were sent between the two women, Dr Lillian Glass said she had, and remarked: "It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen in my life. It's childish, babyish, and stupid. "Kate wanted to be cooperative. You know, when she said the dresses needed to be done, even the tailor said yes, everyone's dresses need to be done. It was so, so silly." In response to the text messages, the tailor Ajay Mirpuri told the Daily Mail: "I can understand why anybody would be upset if the dresses weren’t fitting – it’s nerve-wracking. I feel for them all because you wouldn’t want the children to go out on a big stage in an ill-fitting dress – and that’s what they were. DON'T MISSMeghan left 'feeling embarrassed' after more details of Harry's pub romp [SPARE]'Gentleman' William wins over fans with 'protective' gesture for Kate [ROYAL]Meghan 'treated differently' as first black person 'in the royal C-suites' [REACTION] "All six bridesmaids’ dresses had to be fixed, and we did it. I’m a royalist and I wanted to do whatever I could with my small business to serve the Royal Family." The analysis came after it emerged Meghan Markle could start a mommy blog, which could make her a huge £640K a year. /life-style/life/1731702/meghan-markle-prince-harry-mommy-blog-the-tig-dxus Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield suggested the Duchess of Sussex will become a mommy blogger. The move would see the Duchess of Sussex revive her old business, the blog The Tig, this time focusing on her children. Business Insider reported The Tig - named after Meghan's favourite wine Tignallo - was making $80,000 annually from sponsorships and endorsements before it was shut down. If Meghan created a "mommy blog", she could make enormous profit. The host claimed the Duchess would feature her children on the platform. She said: "I would anticipate lists of Archie and Lili’s favourite books, go-to snacks, DIY projects. Candid entries about how she manages her time or stress, a five-minute makeup routine for moms on the go; mini-meditations for busy moms, travel, interior design, interviews, those types of posts."