Newcastle United goalkeeper Martin Dubravka will find himself in the unusual situation of being a winner in all senses of the word after the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Regardless of which side wins the final between Newcastle and Manchester United, Dubravka will technically be a trophy winner in one scenario and a medal winner in the other without even playing at Wembley. As it stands, Dubravka will be awarded a winners' medal if Manchester United beat Newcastle, having made two appearances for Erik ten Hag's side this season. He has also appeared for Newcastle in the Premier League of late and can lift the trophy should Eddie Howe's side prevail. The complication arose when Dubravka returned from his loan spell at Old Trafford in January. The Slovakian probably did not expect to be left in this position when he signed for the Red Devils in August, joining on loan until the end of the season. Dubravka's only two appearances for the Reds were both in the Carabao Cup after making his debut in a 4–2 win over Aston Villa in the third round. He followed that up with a clean sheet in a 2-0 victory over Burnley, which put the Red Devils through to the quarter-finals. READ MORE: Klopp sends Karius message to Newcastle ahead of Carabao Cup final Newcastle then opted to bring him back to St James' Park after sending Karl Darlow to Hull City, recalling Dubravka from his loan spell after struggling for game time with the Red Devils. Little did they know, the two clubs would end up meeting in the Carabao Cup final, ruling him out of the game. But due to a long-standing rule, Man United are allowed to give Dubravka a medal for his contributions to the club's run to the final. The competition rules state: "In addition to the Cup, the Management Committee shall present 30 souvenirs to the winning Club in the Final Tie and 30 souvenirs to the losing Club. Additional souvenirs may be presented with the consent of the Management Committee but shall be at the cost of the requesting Club." DON'T MISSKarius has proved worth vs Man Utd as Newcastle fans fear the worstNewcastle boss Eddie Howe refuses to make Loris Karius commitmentNick Pope sent off after horror gaffe and will miss Carabao Cup final Should Newcastle win the trophy, however, Dubravka would be able to lift the silverware with his team-mates but would not earn a medal, as he has only featured for United and not Newcastle in the competition this season. For that same reason, he is cup-tied and cannot play in the final. That only adds to the disappointment for the experienced Czech, with Nick Pope missing the game through suspension. Howe is poised to call upon fourth-choice stopper Loris Karius, who hasn't played a competitive game for two years, to make his debut against United. It puts Dubravka in the difficult position of deciding who to root for on the sidelines, although with 131 appearances for the Magpies, it is a straightforward decision to back the club that pays his wages over the team that barely gave him a chance to prove himself. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.