Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has adopted the siege mentality previously adopted by legendary Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson according to former footballer Scott Minto as the pressure builds on the German manager. The Reds currently languish in 10th in the Premier League table 11 points off the pace of fourth-place Newcastle United in the race for the Champions League. Liverpool have endured a terrible season domestically as Klopp’s men fall far below their usual standards. The club have already been knocked out both the League and FA cup while they are miles off the pace in terms of challenging for the league title and top four. Saturday’s 3-0 defeat to relegation battlers Wolves was the latest low in the difficult campaign with Klopp making his frustration about the club’s current plight plain after the game. Athletic journalist James Pearce bore the brunt of his bad mood as he refused to answer his question over the publication's past coverage, asking another reporter to pose it instead. Now former footballer turned pundit Minto has weighed in on the situation likening it to how Ferguson would behave when things were not going his way at United. The Scotsman would ban people when there was a ‘crisis’ in order to adopt a siege mentality within the club. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash “Things are not going well, that’s an understatement,” Minto said when asked about the moment in the press conference. “What I would say is, while you wouldn’t want it to happen and I don’t know what James has written in the past, clearly he’s written something that Klopp [doesn’t like]. James is able to write whatever he wants but Klopp is able to respond however he wants. “Now, things like this only happen where there’s a crisis and I think there is a crisis at Liverpool, I think you’re right to use that word. But, the bottom line is Sir Alex Ferguson used to do this type of thing. He used to ban people, he would do what he wanted to do if he felt he needed a siege mentality.  “Klopp, I feel, is able to do whatever he wants to do and again he’s earned the right but what I would say is, does it actually help him? Because it’s a valid question, the bottom line is that was a good question.” It remains to be seen if Klopp’s stance will have any impact on performances as Liverpool look to turn their fortunes around with next Monday’s Merseyside Derby providing the perfect motivation to get back on a winning run.