Johnny Herbert will play no part in Formula One coverage in the UK during 2023 after Channel 4 and the BBC reportedly decided against making him part of their coverage. The 58-year-old has been a regular contributor on Sky Sports over the last decade however he will make no appearances in 2023 after the broadcaster decided to part ways with him as well as fellow pundit Paul di Resta. Herbert enjoyed a successful career with Formula One, making 160 race starts between 1989 and 2000, claiming three race wins and securing a place on the podium seven times. He represented seven different teams across his 12 seasons in the sport including Benetton, Lotus and Sauber, enjoying his best campaign in 1995 as Michael Schumacher's team mate. He went on to be a regular on TV screens in the years since his retirement after forging a media career. He joined Sky Sports after they bought the broadcast rights to the championship in 2012 and has often come into direct conflict with fellow pundits like Martin Brundle and Jenson Button. However, he will play no part in Sky’s coverage this year after the broadcaster decided to part ways with the 58-year-old during the off-season along with fellow former F1 driver Di Resta. READ MORE: Meet America's first F1 driver since 2015 who has billionaire family Following the decision, a Sky spokesperson said: “Johnny has been an integral part of our Formula 1 team since the very first season on Sky Sports in 2012. We will miss his humour and big personality and thank him for his energy and enthusiasm over the last 11 years. Everyone wishes him all the best for the future.” Now, it appears he has no role in the UK’s coverage of the sport with Channel 4 and the BBC deciding against adding him to their teams according to The Mirror. The former F1 driver could still make guest appearances for either broadcaster later in the year but none are currently planned. Herbert has already confirmed he will look to pursue different opportunities over the course of 2023 as he looks to take advantage of his time away from the screen.  "I'm not with Sky this year, unfortunately, but there are other things I'll be getting involved with,” he told motorsport content creator Last Lap Lucy. “I'll be at Silverstone for sure, and the Monaco Grand Prix. I'm hoping to get to Le Mans as well this year because that's going to be a big event this time around. "I'm doing a bit of karting – not racing, just testing. My son-in-law wants me to race but I don't really want to, but you'll probably see me on a go-kart track near you. I've got various things going on. I'm enjoying things on the track and also life off the track as well."