Lancashire Police was accused of a “sexist” and “frankfully dreadful” error by revealing Ms Bulley’s struggles with alcohol and the menopause. The information watchdog also confirmed chiefs will have to explain why they made this information public. Information commissioner John Edwards said to reveal details about someone's health there "would need to be a really clear and demonstrable need and a clear link between that disclosure and a legitimate police objective". In the most serious breaches, organisations can be fined. The former Victims’ Commissioner, Dame Vera Baird, said the force would not have revealed similar details if the missing person had been a man. Mortgage advisor Ms Bulley, 45, vanished while walking her springer spaniel Willow in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, on January 27 after dropping her two daughters at school. She has not been seen for three weeks. Dame Vera said: “I'm sure they would have explained themselves if they had an explanation ... if it was relevant it needed to be in a public domain at the start and it wasn't. I mean, that is a really worrying error. It is frankly dreadful. “If one of your relatives has gone missing ... and may have some weaknesses, as goodness knows we all do, then would you, first of all, go to the police at all as early as you should when you will have to tell them all the intimate details to help them with their inquiry - that's essential. “But would you if it's going to be on the front page of The Sun the next day or a week later? And if you do, will you tell them these details?” Dame Vera said the details would not have been released if Ms Bulley was male. She said: “Would we have had police officers saying, if it was Nicholas, 'he's unfortunately tied down with alcohol because he's been suffering with erectile dysfunction for the last few weeks', I think not. “No, it's a dreadful error to put this in the public domain for absolutely nothing and I'm afraid I think it's as sexist as it comes”. Lancashire Police last night confirmed it will conduct an internal review into their investigation into the missing mortgage advisor. Head of Crime DCS Pauline Stables will lead the review, the Daily Express can confirm. In a statement released on Wednesday, Lancashire Police said Ms Bulley had suffered with "some significant issues with alcohol" and "ongoing struggles with the menopause". This prompted a backlash from campaigners, MPs and legal experts, with some accusing the police of breaching her privacy. Ms Bulley's family later released a statement via the police, in which they elaborated on her health, saying she had suffered significant side effects due to the perimenopause, including "brain fog" and "restless sleep". Britain’s most senior police officer, admitted it would be a "rare thing" for the force to comment about the vulnerabilities of a woman in a high-profile missing person case. When asked by LBC presenter Nick Ferrari whether the Met would have released such details about a missing Londoner, Sir Mark said: "It would be a rare thing to do. There may be a case where it is necessary to do, that is why I don't want to be absolute, but it would be a rare thing to do. "We need to release the information that helps find somebody and Lancashire have made that call and time will tell whether they have got it right or wrong." He added that the Met would be ready to help the Bulley investigation, if asked. Rishi Sunak has admitted he was concerned about the police revealing missing mortgage advisor Nicola Bulley’s troubles with alcohol and menopause. Lancashire Police was accused of a “sexist” and “frankfully dreadful” error by revealing Ms Bulley’s struggles with alcohol and the menopause. And the Prime Minister revealed he was “concerned that private information was put into the public domain”. He said he was pleased the force are now reviewing their handling of the investigation into the 45-year-old’s disappearance. Mr Sunak said: “I agree with the Home Secretary and like her I was concerned that that private information was put into the public domain and I believe that the police are looking at how that happened in the investigation. "Obviously my thoughts are with Nicola's friends and family. "And the focus now must be on continuing to try and find her." A source close to Suella Braverman said: “The Home Secretary today spoke with Lancashire Police Chief Constable Chris Rowley and his senior team to discuss the handling of the investigation into the disappearance of Nicola Bulley. She outlined her concerns over the disclosure of Ms Bulley’s personal information and listened to the force’s explanation. The Home Secretary asked to be kept updated on the investigation.”