Paris Saint-Germain are said to be exploring the possibility of bringing Thomas Tuchel back to the club to replace current manager Christophe Galtier. PSG appointed Galtier as their new boss last summer after sacking Mauricio Pochettino just weeks after he had led the club to the Ligue 1 title. Tuchel spent two-and-a-half years at PSG after taking the helm ahead of the 2018/19 campaign. He led the team to two league titles, the French Cup trophy and the French League Cup trophy as well as helping them reach the Champions League final in 2020, where they were beaten 1-0 by Bayern Munich. But the German was relieved of his duties at the end of 2020, with PSG in third position in the Ligue 1 table. Tuchel made a swift return to management after taking over from Frank Lampard at Chelsea soon afterwards and incredibly guided the Blues to Champions League glory less than four months after arriving in west London as the team defeated Manchester City in the final. But he again lost his job, despite winning the Club World Cup and taking Chelsea to the FA Cup and League Cup finals last season. According to Canal+, PSG are seriously considering the return of Tuchel. And that means time could be running out for Galtier at the Parc des Princes. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital    PSG are currently well clear of the chasing pack in the Ligue 1 table after winning 18 of their 24 matches this term. But questions are starting to be asked of Galtier following a poor run of form. On Sunday, the Parisians stormed to a 2-0 lead against Lille but then shipped three goals to fall behind. And they only secured a 4-3 victory in the 95th minute after Lionel Messi spared his team’s blushes following a late Kylian Mbappe equaliser. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'   Since the start of the year, PSG have only won four of their eight Ligue 1 matches and have suffered defeats at the hands of Lens, Rennes and Marseille. And earlier this month, they were knocked out of the French Cup in the last 16 by Monaco. Last Tuesday, the French giants were beaten 1-0 by Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 showdown in Paris. And they now face a huge task to overturn the deficit in the second leg next month and reach the quarter-finals. PSG have plenty of money to spend as they are backed by the mega-rich Qatar Sports Investments. And with a whole host of star players in their team, including the likes of Messi, Mbappe and Neymar, Galtier will need to turn his team’s recent run of form around quickly if he wants to keep his job. 