The January transfer window was one of the busiest in recent memory with a host of huge deals getting completed over the course of the month. With so much going on it is easy to forget some of the transfers that have happened but Express Sport is here to help. We have detailed six moves that were completed that you may have forgotten with Tottenham, Chelsea and Leeds among the clubs involved. Jude Soonsup-Bell - Chelsea to Tottenham The 19-year-old made the short hop across London on the opening hours of deadline day with Tottenham stealing him from Chelsea’s grasp for their academy team. It remains to be seen what kind of impact he will have at Spurs given his age but the move has been well-received by fans who are happy to get one over on their city rivals. Andrey Santos - Vasco de Gama to Chelsea Chelsea were by far the busiest team over the course of January, the club made seven new additions so it is only natural some fell under the radar. Perhaps, the player who did this most of all was Andrey Santos. The Brazilian joined from Rio-based club Vasco de Gama in a £12million deal and he could be set to battle for a starting berth in central midfield during the rest of the season. Mario Lemina - Nice to Wolves Lemina is a player who is well-known to fans of the Premier League having previously spent two spells at Southampton and Fulham. However, his return to England with Wolves was overshadowed by the frantic developments in the Mykhaylo Mudryk saga meaning many may have forgotten that he joined the club. Nathan Opoku - FDM Field Masters Sporting Club to Leicester The 21-year-old’s move has not been widely picked up on after he was immediately loaned to Belgian side OH Leuven to allow him to get up to speed with the rigours of European football. The Ghanian’s move is certainly interesting however coming from the USA college system straight to one of the biggest clubs in the Premier League. One to watch for the future. Diogo Monteiro - Servette to Leeds Leeds are another club to have been active across the month bringing in four new faces as Jesse Marsch gears his side for a second relegation battle in successive seasons. The fourth signing of the quartet Monteiro arrived with the least amount of fan fare but hopes are high that the 18-year-old could be an important signing for the future. Salomon Rondon - Everton to River Plate Salomon Rondon made one of the more interesting moves in January however it was not widely picked up on. The striker has joined River Plate following his release from Everton and he is now destined to spend the foreseeable future playing for one of the most successful and recognisable teams in Argentina.