Chloe Madeley, 35, is well-known for being the daughter of TV couple Richard and Judy, who first began presenting This Morning way back in 1988. However, in a new podcast, the health and fitness expert admitted her frustration at being seen purely as someone's daughter - even if it does bring her "huge benefits". During an interview with Midwife Pip on Motherhood, Minds and Bodies, Pip quizzed: "How on earth are you managing the irritation? "After all the amazing stuff you have brought to women's health over the years, how annoying that you've still got people introducing you under the name of your parents or your husband, or as a model. "We all know that you're hot, but it isn't how we introduce you. How are you managing this?" she exclaimed. Chloe hit back that it was "really embarrassing", reminding Pip that she "walked away" from the world of TV to pursue her own health and fitness journey in her own right. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post "I'm proud that my parents are who they are and I'm proud that my husband is who he is, but that doesn't define me," she insisted. "I'm not like a statue born off their careers, never changing through history. "I actually have some pretty impressive achievements under my belt, which I'm really proud of as well!" the personal trainer and fitness instructor added. However, now married to former rugby union player James Haskell and juggling her fitness work with looking after a baby daughter of just six months old, fame is no longer a focus for her. "I'm not really in the public eye anymore and really the only reason that I am is in this case that I am Richard Madeley's daughter," she mused. However, she admitted that her family connections come with benefits, as being linked to someone famous has helped publicise her career. "I have quite a big fan stage to go and promote an interview, which is something most people don't have," Chloe conceded. She added: "That is a huge benefit [and] I'm not blind to that at all." DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE]  However, she is wary of her words being taken out of context due to the massive media profile she has, something which she describes as "cringeworthy". "When they just take out a random [quote], you sound like a psychopath!" she exclaimed. Chloe's early career was very much in the public eye, with her initially following in the footsteps of her famous parents and appearing as a presenter on Big Brother's Big Mouth. In fact, she was so invested in her television and media career at the start that she dropped out of college to pursue it, telling the Metro later that she was "so over the education thing". The following year, she appeared on her parents' show Richard and Judy as a reporter, and she soon began to get commissions as a model, too. She led a campaign for lingerie brand Ultimo, and did a scantily clad photoshoot which she says was with her dad's encouragement and blessing. In the years that followed, she also appeared on reality shows such as Dancing on Ice and The Jump. However, her focus has now completely changed, and the muscular star has made a unique name for herself in fitness, prompting her recent comments that she prefers not to be defined by her parents' career.