Call the Midwife was initially set in 1957 where it followed new midwife Jenny Lee (played by Jessica Raine) as she moved into Nonnatus House. The BBC series was inspired by a series of memoirs written by Jennifer Worth, but the show has gone far beyond the original text since Jenny left after three seasons. Now, 11 years on, the period drama is still hugely popular, tugging on viewers' heartstrings on a weekly basis. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Call the Midwife. Call the Midwife season 12 is going to come to a close with its grand finale which airs tonight, Sunday, February 26, on BBC One. With the series almost over, thoughts have turned to its future as its longevity doesn't automatically mean there will be more episodes to come. But thankfully, there isn't a cancellation in sight as the BBC gave the green light for Call the Midwife season 13 earlier this month. Filming is going to begin in the spring with the next outing likely to air sometime in early 2024. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale The good news doesn't end there though as the network made another announcement a matter of days after the series 13 renewal. Call the Midwife has been confirmed for not just a 13th season, but a further double renewal. Therefore, there will also be a season 14 and 15 on the way for Call the Midwife. Given the show's previous release dates, this means the drama is still going to be on our screens until 2026, at the very least. Discussing the good news, creator and writer Heidi Thomas said in a statement: "Call the Midwife is the pride and joy of all who work on it, but it's our fantastic, loyal audience that matters most. "We are a family behind the scenes, on the screen, and in front of the telly, and I'm thrilled that we're all heading into the 1970s together." But before these next few series, there is still the grand finale of season 12 to get excited about. And it is one that fans have been waiting quite some time for as it features the wedding of Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix). DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [REACTION]Call the Midwife and Loki stars land role in ITVX drama [CAST]Call the Midwife's Helen George speaks on Trixie not having children [EXPLAINER] It has already been teased that not everything is going to go according to plan prior to the big day. Trixie and Matthew row as the tiara she was planning on wearing as her "something old, something borrowed and something blue" had been sold by his mum. He said that after his dad was ill, his mum "wanted to take him on a cruise and the tiara was just languishing there". Trixie questions why she couldn't have kept the tiara and gone on a cruise, to which he tells her that "money doesn't grow on trees", in frustration. There is no need to be worried about the couple not going through with the wedding, however. In a Q&A with RadioTimes.com, actress George explained that the wedding itself would be "incredibly romantic". So it sounds like Call the Midwife season 12's final episode isn't going to be one to miss. Call the Midwife season 12 concludes on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm on BBC One.