A husband and wife duo were left with nothing after receiving no investment in the Dragons’ Den. After hearing their pitch, the Dragons’ Den cast were shocked to find out that the pair had invested over £200,000 in the product, with no real return. Lorraine said: “It’s cost us blood sweat and tears, it feels like now is the last stop. “We have nowhere to go and we have spent almost £200,000 of our own money and we’d like for you to invest in us.” Limelight is a diving air safety device. It monitors the pressure in a gas tank and flashes green when there is sufficient air and red when a diver's air reserve is low. Graham had been a diver for 40 years and came up with the idea due to the shocking figures for the number of deaths due to diving suffocation in the UK. READ MORE: Over 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers 'more generous' tax reform "We have had mental breakdowns.” During their pitch they told the Dragons that if they do not get any investments, then they may need to “call it quits” and say goodbye to their lifesaving products. This was their “last chance” to build something from their dream. Despite the passionate pitch, none of the Dragons invested in the couple. READ MORE: State pension: Grandparents could boost sum by £3,000 if they help with childcare Touker Suleyman said that their dreams of saving lots of lives would be achieved “a lot quicker” if they find the right company. He added: "Then I think your dream will come through. “You haven’t got a business, what you’ve got is a patent. “Licence it so that for every one sold, you will get some money. I’m not your partner, I’m out.” The setback on the show hasn't stopped them though as the couple now sell their device worldwide and have credited their success to their lack of investment in the Den. Graham told The Sun in 2020: “The Dragons saying no was in a way the best thing that could have happened to us because we suddenly became masters of our own destiny. “We had people offering to market it for us, we had people offering to invest in it, we had people wanting to go in as partners. We took their advice on licensing.” Lorraine added: “If it wasn’t for the Dragons we wouldn’t have been able to see the tunnel, let alone the light at the end of it.” Dragons’ Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.