Among the acres of commentary was the telling fact that the courts were listing multiple applications for warrants to be heard in one go. In short, they were being rubber-stamped rather than looked at individually.  Perhaps even more worryingly, the same practice is carried out by the courts in respect of alleged arrears owed to the Child Maintenance Service. In a recent case a Mr LW, who is in dispute with the CMS, asked to attend a court hearing. The CMS refused to relocate the hearing to a court nearer his home and then he found out that 199 other paying parents were scheduled to attend at the same time and in the same courtroom. Another rubber-stamping exercise. Yet individual justice is supposed to be a cornerstone of our legal system. The CMS seems impossible to hold to account. When Gavin Briggs took his own life after a protracted argument with this intransigent service, his family naturally wanted to find out why their loved one had not been listened to. They were told that data protection legislation prevented it from revealing any personal details. Quietly the family pointed out that those rules do not apply to the dead. Did the CMS really not know that? Can officials there be so genuinely ignorant? Or was it just a try-on? So then the CMS promptly switched tracks and instead claimed that Gavin had not nominated a personal representative. Oh, of course, if you are on the verge of committing suicide, the first thing you are going to be thinking of is the need to nominate a representative. For Heaven’s sake! This has been going on for too long, despite numerous exposures. The truth is CMS officials are often too incompetent or too uncaring to examineindividual cases properly and respond to detailed evidence. Even suicides can’t move them. No. I have not been watching Happy Valley and care not a jot for the finale which has occupied so much press space. I took no interest in who shot JR (remember that one?) or in the denouement in Line Of Duty. I did not follow Downton Abbey and, although I started off interested in Call The Midwife, I gave up when it became a vehicle for left-wing social propaganda. I like a good yarn but when fiction gets news headlines, I switch off. Liz Truss, after months of silence, has written an article defending her record and her budget. In that essay, she blames herself and the “blob” for the mishandling of that ill- fated attempt to introduce tax cuts and make our economy competitive. Liz, below, also says nobody explained to her the impact on pensions (a complex effect of the bond markets) and the financial tsunami which that impact could unleash. That really does puzzle me. No.10 and, above all, the Treasury would have been working on that budget and yet nobody pointed this out? Only one of three explanations is possible: all those financial experts missed it; they didn’t miss it but did not think it important enough to raise a whole row of red flags; they did flag it up as crucial but Liz, Kwasi Kwarteng or both failed to pay attention. So which was it?  Rishi Sunak is threatening to pull out of the European Court of Human Rights. Well, if he shows as much urgency as he does to get rid of “thousands” of EU laws from our statute book, we needn’t expect to see anything happen this side of a general election. Call me a pedant but I am getting increasingly irritated at the now almost universal tendency to refer to life peers by title plus Christian name as in, for example, Lord Chris Patten. That is the correct form only for the aristocracy itself. Yet many newspapers do it even for wives and widows of knights. “I am NOT Lady Julia”, my good friend Julia Amess, widow of the late David, fumed. “I am Lady Amess”. It is just lazy. What effort does it take to put in brackets as in, say, Lord (Chris) Patten or Lady (Julia) Amess? Some changes make sense as in using “access” as a verb or “fun” as an adjective. Others are merely sloppy and turn me into a grumpy old woman. A couple of weeks ago I was defending Unilever against a rather silly outcry over an advertisement for Lux soap. Today I am vowing never to use any of its products again if I can avoid doing so. As I have said before, I worked for that company in the 1970s and – despite a not altogether amicable parting of the ways – I have used its products ever since, especially Persil, Comfort and Domestos. Never again. Procter and Gamble, here I come! This supposedly ethical, upright company has blatantly carried on trading in Russia despite the sanctions. Any contribution to the Russian economy helps Putin’s war effort so Unilever has been helping to fund the missiles destroying lives and homes in Ukraine. Shame on it. 