The latest season of 1000lb Sisters has seen its fair share of highs and lows for Tammy Slaton and her sister Amy Slaton-Halterman. Thankfully, there was cause for celebration in the new episode of the TLC series, as Tammy had finally reached the threshold to qualify for life-changing weight loss surgery. Amy was thrilled for her sister Tammy when she revealed she had gotten her weight below 550lbs in last week’s episode. She had begun the fourth season at her highest weight ever, a staggering 717lbs, and was left with no option but to enter rehab. After a 14-month stint, Tammy had managed to lose 183lbs, enough to qualify for surgery which will help her lose even more weight. “I’m so relieved that Tammy got approved for weight-loss surgery,” Amy said to the cameras. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue “Honestly, after her past failures, I really didn’t think she could do it. … “She’s probably going to exceed my a** and I’m grateful for it. Ain’t no hard feelings on my part if she does. “We’re just going to go from 1,000lb. sisters to sexy sisters, b****es.” Both Amy and Dr Eric Smith were incredibly supportive of Tammy during her video call confirming the news. She told Dr Smith she now weighs 534lbs, and the surgeon was lost for words by the result. “When I first met Tammy, she was way far away from ever getting here,” he said on the episode. “And I’m just really excited for her that she’s finally got to this point where she did this.” Amy has already had gastric bypass surgery but struggled to get her weight below 250lbs after giving birth. DON'T MISS:Bridgerton’s Nicola Coughlan lands new Channel 4 comedy role [LATEST]Simon Cowell swears after mind-blowing AGT aerial performance [VIDEO]Elvis Presley’s granddaughter ‘marvellous’ in new Prime Video role [EXCLUSIVE] Her sister is now well on her way to exceeding her progress after gaining approval for the same procedure in season four. Filming for 1000lb Sisters’ latest outing wrapped up several months ago, so Tammy has already gone through with the surgery. “It was a little scary, but she recovered quickly,” a source has told The Sun. “The first few days were really tough on her, but she was still able to talk and was with it.” She reportedly remained in rehab to recover from the operation and have her progress monitored by nurses. Thankfully, the source added: “She has been adjusting well and [her body] hasn’t rejected her medications. “She has drastically lost weight compared to what she used to be like. I’m super impressed with her.” Full details of the results have yet to be released as Tammy is still under contract with TLC, but fans can expect to learn more over the coming weeks. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.