Defying the decline of crime overall, offences involving knives and other sharp objects remain a serious concern for British police. Responsible for roughly two-fifths of all homicides each year, some areas of England and Wales experience far higher rates of knife crime than other. Check Express.co.uk’s map below to see how your area fares.  The overall number of crimes committed annually has decreased significantly from a mid-Nineties peak, according to the latest Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW). In the year ending September 2022, it hit its lowest level on record. Knife crime, however, appears to be going in the opposite direction. A total of 50,434 offences involving knives or sharp instruments were recorded by police between October 2021 and September 2022 – 11 percent more than the previous year and 78 percent more than ten years ago. Data released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) on Thursday show such weapons are also playing an increasing role in homicides. READ MORE: Knifeman suspect arrested at teachers' rally as police swarm square     Knives or equivalents were involved in 282 homicides in the year ending last March – the highest annual total since comparable records began in 1946. This figure is 19 percent higher than the previous year and just under 25 percent higher than the average of the past decade. In line with the long-term trend, the use of sharp instruments was the most common method of killing in England and Wales, responsible for 41 percent of the total 696 homicides in the year to March 2022, according to the ONS. Check our interactive map below to see knife crime rates in your area…  DON'T MISS: British Army would run out of ammunition 'in days' if called to fight [BREAKING]POLL – Is Lee Anderson the right choice for Tory Party deputy chair? [POLL]Musk limits Ukraine's use of his internet satellites [REPORT]UK hit by earthquake as buildings shake after loud rumbling [INSIGHT]   The Metropolitan Police recorded 11,517 knife-related offences in the year to September 2022 – more than any other force in the country. By far the largest service with the most people under their watch, this is not surprising. In terms of the knife crime rate, London ranked fourth in England and Wales, with 128 offences per 100,000 population. West Midlands was found to have the highest rate of all, at 170. The City of London was in second place (155), followed by Cleveland (153), then London and Greater Manchester in fifth (121). The lowest rates were found to be in Suffolk and Dyfed-Powys, with just 37 knife homicides per 100,000 inhabitants in the year each.   