A farmer in Germany was surprised to discover the birth of a miraculous six-legged lamb. The animal born of the rare mutation will get a second chance at life, as the farmer is looking to nurse it to health. Although the lamb was born "healthy and lively", its extra legs made it difficult to stand up and feed. Despite this, the farmer, Bernd Tinter said that the creature "really wanted to live", which is why he decided to let it. To help the lamb stand up, Mr Tinter has bandaged one of its legs, and believes that within few weeks, it can join the pastures with the rest of the flock. Videos show the lamb stumbling and hopping towards its mother to feed, as the farmer looks on. Mr Tinter, who is a sheep farmer, told AP: "It really wanted to live from the beginning, and that's why we give it chance to grow up. "Even if it has a few more legs." Since the extra legs made it difficult for the lamb to stand up, one of its extra legs had to be tied up with a bandage. A similar case took place last March, after a lamb had been born with the ultra rare addition of an extra leg at a farm in England. The chances are thought to be one in a million. Heather Hogarty, part-owner of Whitehouse Farm, near Morpeth, Northumberland, said this is the second time she has seen the phenomenon in her quarter-century stint at the farm. She said: "You could see it as soon as it was born. It's on the front left side so it's just another leg that comes out of the shoulder. "It is unusual, but animals having something a bit different does happen. READ MORE: Lamb with FIVE legs born at English farm - 'one in a million'  “We get many animals born with disabilities, but you don't see them as often as sadly they get put down.” Ms Hogarty added that the young lamb’s health was being closely monitored, and veterinary intervention may be required. She said the farm’s staff were hoping to save the lamb from surgery to remove the extra limb, if at all possible. She told ChronicleLive: "We think as long as it is going to live a normal life, we will just keep it. “We're just keeping an eye on this one at the minute, so it might have to have the leg removed." The birth of this lamb came almost ten years after another five-legged lamb was born on the Whitehouse Farm. Aptly named Quinto, the animal seen as the new arrival’s predecessor had an extra leg in the centre of her body. The additional limb was removed in Quinto’s case, but she had a long and happy life with just four legs.