Dementia is a syndrome related to ongoing deterioration of the brain. Depending on the type someone has it can lead to memory loss, behavioural changes and difficulties performing everyday tasks. Although it is often associated with getting older there are a number of changes you could make to your lifestyle to lower your risk. Patrick Holford, founder of Food for the Brain Foundation, spoke to Express.co.uk about six simple ways to “dementia-proof” your brain. “You may think that Alzheimer’s is in the genes, but this isn’t accurate; less than one in every hundred Alzheimer’s diagnoses are attributed to genes,” he explained. “A 2022 US study reported that having a blood sugar level in the high end of the normal range, at age 35, increased a person’s risk of developing Alzheimer’s later in life by 15 percent,” Mr Holford said. Refined carbohydrates are carbohydrates that include sugars and refined grains and have been stripped of all bran, fibre, and nutrients.  READ MORE: Popular snack 'can contribute to increased blood pressure' - expert warns against eating These include white bread, pizza dough, pasta, pastries, white flour, white rice, sweet desserts, and many breakfast cereals. They are known to cause rapid spikes in blood sugar after eating. Mr Holford said: “A study of almost half a million people from the UK’s Biobank found those taking fish oil supplements had a seven percent lower risk of dementia. “Fish that swim in cold water and eat other fish are best. Salmon, mackerel, sardines, anchovies, herring and kippers are excellent.”   If you do not eat fish there are vegan algae-based supplements available that contain omega-3. “A study showed that vitamins B6, B12 and folic acid cut the shrinkage in the Alzheimer’s areas of the brain by nine times,” he said. Vitamin B6 can be found in foods such as beef liver, tuna, salmon, fortified cereals and chickpeas. Vitamin B12 is found in lots of animal products like meat, fish, milk, cheese and eggs. READ MORE: Vertigo one sign that can appear up to a week before a 'major stroke' - other symptoms  Mr Holford explained: “Your brain needs exercise, but it also needs rest after cognitive activity. “The optimal sleep duration is seven hours, and 10pm is the ideal bedtime. “Sleeping only five hours, or nine or more hours, doubles dementia risk.” He added: “Fruits, vegetables, herbs, and spices are rich in brain-friendly antioxidants and polyphenols; they improve circulation in your brain and help keep it young. 