Barcelona boss Xavi has backed Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani’s bid for Manchester United and insists the Qatari would do a “good job.” Sheikh Jassim put forward an offer to take over the Red Devils ahead of last Friday’s soft deadline, with Sir Jim Ratcliffe also submitting a bid. Xavi finished his playing career in Qatar after spending four years with Al-Sadd. After hanging up his boots in the summer of 2019, the 43-year-old then took over as the club’s manager and led the team for 16 months before taking charge of Barcelona. And after being asked for his thoughts on Sheikh Jassim’s proposed takeover of United on Tuesday, Xavi said: “I have a good relationship with the Sheikh. He is a serious, responsible person and I think he would do a good job. I know him well. He’s a very good person and I think he would be a very good option for United. I worked in Qatar for six years.” Xavi won a whole host of trophies during his time managing in the Middle East and led Al-Sadd to the Qatari title in 2021 after guiding the team to two Qatari Cups and two Qatari League Cups. But he quit his job to return to take the helm at the Nou Camp in November 2021, with Barcelona in turmoil. JUST IN: Thibaut Courtois tried to mock Mohamed Salah before huge error   Xavi has overseen an upturn in fortunes at the Nou Camp, with Barcelona currently leading the La Liga table by eight points over second-place Real Madrid. But Barca failed to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League after finishing third in their group and dropped into the Europa League play-offs, where they were drawn to face Erik ten Hag's Red Devils. The first leg at the Nou Camp last Thursday ended in a 2-2 draw, with the tie wide open ahead of the second leg at Old Trafford on Thursday. And whoever comes out on top of that encounter will be among the favourites to lift the trophy come May. DON'T MISS Leeds star Weston McKennie's transfer move now 'at risk'Newcastle star Fraser 'banished' to academy days before Man Utd clashUSA duo told they 'have got to get out' of the Premier League  “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and - above all - will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more,” read a statement issued on behalf of Sheikh Jassim last Friday. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world.”