The mum-of-one, for now, has been notoriously quiet about her family life from the very start of her pregnancy. However, Rihanna, 34, after revealing her second pregnancy the singer has admitted that the first few months with her son have been scary, enlightening and even “legendary”. Rihanna and her partner, rapper ASAP Rocky, welcomed their first child in May 2022, over two years after they officially became an item. However, the A-list parents have only offered glimpses of their son as they keep their baby well out of the limelight, so much so that his name isn’t yet known to the public. On Sunday, the singer made waves as she revealed she’s pregnant with her second child just minutes after her Super Bowl performance, nine months after the birth of her son. Following their son’s birth, Rihanna largely retreated from the public eye only to make a bombshell announcement late last year that she would be headlining the 2023 Super Bowl Halftime show. READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny as she admits: ‘We were naive' Speaking to British Vogue just before the legendary performance, the singer reflected on “the craziest thing” that has happened to her in the last nine months, her baby boy. Rihanna noted that motherhood has almost entirely changed her, saying her life is almost split into a before and after. However, the biggest moment of realisation for the singer was certainly childbirth, as she shared: “You walk into the hospital as a couple and leave as a family of three. “It’s nuts.” The singer also lamented coming home without any doctors or nurses in tow, as their newborn spent his first few days with mum and dad only.    While the first few days were spent in “zombie” mode, Rihanna says she was incredibly paranoid for the safety of her little one. Rihanna recalled even bringing her son’s bassinet into the bathroom whenever she had a shower, and consistently wiping down the glass door to keep a crystal-clear eye on him. The singer's famous fashion credentials have also been transferred to her little one and she dresses him in "floral stuff and hot pink". She adds: “I like to dress him in things that don’t look like baby clothes. I like to push it... I think that fluidity in fashion is best." The Ocean’s Eight star is also admittedly smitten with her newborn, but as time went on, and she was approached to perform at the Super Bowl, the intense responsibility of being a parent and a global icon dawned on her. Rihanna added: “Raising a young Black man is one of the scariest responsibilities in life.” Motherhood had the star re-evaluating her values in life, and what she could be leaving to her son’s generation. This reflective mindset, coupled with the “sense of nothing is impossible” after creating life, convinced the singer to accept the Super Bowl proposal just a few months postpartum. Making her grand return to the stage, after five years without a single live performance, the singer’s fans were incomparably excited. Combined with a pregnancy announcement saw an unprecedented rise in public interest in the songstress’ private life, but the singer has drawn the line. While taking part in their first photoshoot as a family of three, Rihanna spotted a potential paparazzi far off in the distance. The family headed down to the beach for the photoshoot, when the singer spotted an unplanned photographer. She said: “It’s the thing you never want to happen. We get to decide as parents when and how we do that. End of story. “He doesn’t have a say in any of this. We’ve been protecting him thus far and you don’t have any consent to be posting photos or selling photos of my child, a minor.” The March 2023 issue of British Vogue is on newsstands on Tuesday 21 February.