Jake Paul has mocked Carl Froch for being ‘desperate for money’ after the former super-middleweight champion sent a menacing voice note to The Problem Child calling him out for a fight. The pair have been going back and forth ever since Paul started boxing and have recently both declared their willingness to fight each other. Paul took to social media last week to lay down a challenge for the Brit, that if he takes and wins a fight against ex-UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva, whom Paul defeated in his last outing, then he will agree to face Froch. Not taking too kindly to the offer from his novice rival, Froch responded with a sinister call-out video in which he threatened to put the ex-Disney actor’s ‘chin into orbit’. Froch then followed this up with a voice note carrying a similar tone to talkSPORT’s Spencer Oliver which was played during the broadcaster’s interview with Paul. In response, Paul said: “Yeah, I think it’s great. He sounds desperate for money. It’s like a money play. He’s already imagining that we’re fighting in his head and he’s trying to get the bag. Like most boxers, he probably spent his money improperly. Look, let Carl fight Anderson Silva. "If you can get through Anderson Silva which I bet, you can’t then me and you will fight. Fight Anderson Silva first, prove yourself because you’re older let’s see if you can still bang. I’m going to get through Tommy, you get through Anderson, and it could be a big fight. But as far as I’m concerned not a single person in the United States knows your name. So, fighting Anderson Silva would help you build up your reputation.” Part of the voice note was played during the interview, in which Froch was heard saying: “Listen to me Jake Paul, you clown. The worst thing you could have possibly ever done in your fake boxing career is to call out the Cobra. How can you call me out? “Listen, I don’t think for one minute that you’ve got the b****cks to jump in the ring with me anyway. But if somehow you beat Tommy and me and you fight, just understand one thing – you’re getting knocked the f*** out. This fight can end no other way than you getting knocked unconscious. I guarantee that.” This comes after Froch’s call-out video earlier in the week. "So, Jake Paul has called me out on his social media. Apparently, he wants to fight me,” he said. “Just in case you didn't know, my last fight was at Wembley Stadium in front of 80,000 fans. "I won't be fighting the mixed martial arts legend Anderson Silva on your undercard. I've got too much respect for him. And your punch when you boxed him, did that even land? Very dubious. You've got a job to do against Tommy Fury. If by some miracle you manage to beat Tommy Fury, then I'll listen to you. “I'll have a little chat with you and see what garbage comes out of your mouth. See what you've got to say. But until then, don't talk about me in the same league as you. I'm a four-time world champion. Two WBC titles there. You'll never, ever have one of them. “You're not good enough. You're not a professional fighter. You're a performing clown. That's all you are. So keep my name out of your mouth until you've done something in the game. I think this weekend, your world ends. But if it doesn't, and you are stupid enough to take a fight with me, when this right hand lands on your chin, it will put you into f***ing orbit and knock that stupid barnet off the top of your head."