The 20th season of NCIS will be taking a short break next week, but thankfully there was time for an emotional reunion for Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole) in the latest episode on Monday night. After a surprise visit from his injured partner, Jeremy Brighton (Michael Patrick Thornton) dragged up some bad memories and CBS viewers were impressed by the new boss’s spotlight episode. Fans have congratulated second-time NCIS screenwriter Dietzen for co-writing the heartbreaking episode of the CBS drama on Monday. In Old Wounds, Parker and the team are tasked with investigating the CEO of WillsNet, a computer hardware company which the boss is convinced is a front for drug running. Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) is thrilled when HQ is paid a visit from Brighton, who uses a wheelchair and is his wife’s favourite author and parenting coach. Brighton reveals not only did Wills walk free for selling out his criminal friends, but a shootout with his crew put him in his chair. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Parker is still feeling guilty he didn’t do more to help, but confiding with his partner - as well as an old letter he never brought himself to read - helps the pair reconcile. Viewers were thrilled the partners could bury the hatchet, and took to social media to praise the touching reunion. Twitter user @TheKevNation wrote: “That scene between Parker and Jeremy has to be one of the top 10 powerful moments in @NCIS_CBS history. Well [written], @BrianDietzen.” Brian Kaczmarek said: “Great episode! But, as a viewer, I expect it.” “Gary Cole is particularly good… an emotional ending makes us want another good one next week!” @bowlingchefs tweeted: “WOW!!! As I wipe the tears. This was a letter like before it was a poem. #NCIS forever.” “NCIS! Most excellent episode tonight! Parker was at his best,” die-hard fan Michael Seymour said. “The team really imparted to us a tight-knit trio who truly belong together. Tonight’s episode shows itself why it belongs on TV still today. DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla star ‘literally wept’ after wrapping season three [INTERVIEW]SWAT season 6 delayed in CBS shake-up [LATEST]The Last of Us cast pay tribute to star after teaching sign language [INSIGHT] “The writing is just as crisp today as it was in the first season. It's one show I really try not to miss. May the actors still be rewarded in their work and the show continue for many more seasons to come.” Lindsie Rodgers exclaimed during the episode: “Aww. Forgiveness is what Parker needed.” And Redditor Clint8813 said: “Say what you want about Gibbs being gone, but Gary Cole is one hell of an actor. Such a great addition.” There were some concerns amongst fans when Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) took his leave from the series, but Parker has proved himself to be a more than worthy replacement. “The wonderful stable of actors that we have, I love writing for every one of my castmates because they’re all so damn talented,” co-writer Dietzen told Parade. “When Gary Cole came in, I thought to myself, ‘Man, I’ve enjoyed his work for years and I would love to write something specific for him. “‘Maybe something that’s a little bit outside of the wheelhouse for this cool character of Parker that he’s developed.’ Boy, he did not disappoint.” NCIS hasn’t been renewed for a 21st instalment just yet, but Cole’s barnstorming performance this week should prove he can carry the series for years to come. NCIS season 20 continues Monday, February 27 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.