Earlier in season 10, Captain Lee Rosbach stunned viewers after he announced he would be stepping back from charter duties amid health issues. Although Sandy Yawn stepped into his role, the captain confirmed his return. After Below Deck premiered in 2013, Captain Lee quickly became a fan favourite for his no-nonsense approach, fatherly advice and humour. Viewers were so enamoured by the 73-year-old and his charms, they dubbed Lee the “stud of the sea". However, after Lee revealed he would have to leave the show in December fans were concerned for his health. After five weeks away, the Captain took to social media to announce his return to season 10. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Addressing his 250K followers, Lee told fans: “Ok, I’ll be back next week, can’t wait to get back, feels good, no, feels great. “Same drill, gym in the am and to anyone I have missed, catch you on the flip side. “Your outpouring of support is amazing, thank you so very much.” He added: “I am touched. Thank you so very much.”  This sparked a major frenzy among viewers, who took to his comment section with excitement. A thrilled @evelina22368 wrote: “Omg thank God you are feeling better Captain Lee!!!! Happy to get you back on our screens.” (sic) An excited @mdgilmer2 tweeted: “YESSSS! The Stud of the Sea returns. I can watch Below Deck again.” @Barbara83889140 added: “I knew you would be back! Curious about your take on the last few episodes.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht star Jenna MacGillivray got engaged last year [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Sandy Yawn faces calls to be ‘fired’ [REACTION] As @LoreleeAustin stated: “So happy you’re back next week!! We’ve missed our boat daddy!! Hope you are feeling loads better!!” Throughout Sandy’s tenure fans have shared their strong opinions about the temporary captain and how she ran the charters. Just weeks after firing Stew Camille Lamb for slacking on the job, Stew Alissa Humber was sent packing during episode 14. While some fans believe Sandy was justified in her choices, others believed they didn’t deserve such harsh punishment.  Captain Lee slammed Sandy for the way she fired Camille, even though she called to let him know, Lee shared he would have appreciated a call before she was sent home. Taking to Twitter, he shared: “So I found out after the fact that she [Captain Sandy] fired one of my crew, not before. Ok? “Then why contact me after and tell me at all? Plenty of time to call me after, but not before. She made the right call. But lacked in procedure and respect. Just the way I roll.” Lee continued: “Had I been replacing Captain Sandy on her boat temporarily and felt the necessity to fire one of her crew, I would have called her first to let her know what I was doing and why. I agree with her decision, just not how she went about it.”  Below Deck season 10 continues Mondays on Bravo in the USA and on Hayu in the UK. 