Bukayo Saka is reportedly close to agreeing on a contract extension with Arsenal which will see him earn at least £10million a year. The winger has been central to the Gunners’ successes this season, with Mikel Arteta desperate to retain his services in order for the club to achieve their long-term goals. According to the Daily Mail, significant progress has been in negotiations between Arsenal and Saka over the past few weeks, with the player eager to reach an agreement. The England international has made it clear in negotiations that he would like to remain at the Emirates Stadium, and his commitment is set to be rewarded. The ‘principles of an agreement’ are now in place, with the smaller details the only issue that needs to be resolved before Saka can put pen to paper. All parties are therefore confident that the winger will pen a new deal this season. According to Sportrac, Saka currently earns £3.6m-per-year, so if a deal is reached for the aforementioned fee then he we will be given a £6.4m pay rise at a minimum. READ MORE: Chelsea recommended 'next Didier Drogba' who could ruin Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans  Saka has been in flying form for Arsenal so far this season, scoring nine and assisting eight in 23 Premier League stars, and the club are weary that other sides are monitoring his exceptional progress. Manchester City have been heavily linked with the 21-year-old and have the financial capability to put a significant bid on the table. However, Arsenal are hopeful that their No 7 signing a new long-term contract with them will deter all interest and project the message that Saka is fully focused on his boyhood club.  Saka has received rave reviews this season for his performances that have helped Arsenal to top of the table, and teammate Oleksandr Zinchenko believes that more needs to be done by officials to protect him. The forward has been on the receiving end of some terrible tackles over the past few weeks, and Zinchenko is unhappy with those fouls going unpunished regularly. He told the Evening Standard: “Bukayo is an unbelievable player, all the full backs from the other teams they know he’s so dangerous, so they try to provoke him, tackle him and the referees should know this. We can speak about [Lionel] Messi, Cristiano [Ronaldo], Neymar and players like this. The referees need to protect this kind of player. “Apart from Bukayo, we have other forward players who are so dangerous and the referees need to be careful, they need to look after them of course.”