Liverpool's winless start to 2023 in the Premier League continued on Saturday following a disastrous 3-0 defeat to Wolves at Molineux. The match was all but over as a contest after just 12 minutes following an early own goal by Joel Matip and a strike from Wolves defender Craig Dawson. Ruben Neves added insult to injury with a third in the second half, and the Reds are now languishing down in 10th place in the table as their miserable campaign showed no signs of turning around any time soon. There is currently no indication that manager Jurgen Klopp will be sacked any time soon, and the board are still believed to be fully behind the iconic German. But unless he gets results soon, one has to wonder how much longer the situation can continue. The likes of Thomas Tuchel and Mauricio Pochettino have been touted as potential replacements for Klopp in the future. But here, Express Sport looks at four more left field names Liverpool could consider for the hotseat...  Xabi Alonso Former midfielder Alonso spent five successful years as a player at Anfield, helping his side win a Champions League title and FA Cup. Since retiring he has gone on to pursue a career in coaching, and after a spell at Real Sociedad B he is now at Bayer Leverkusen, where he is impressing in the Bundesliga. Although Alonso was only appointed in October, the 41-year-old may find it difficult to turn down an emotional return to Merseyside if offered the opportunity. The ex-Spain international certainly looks a promising prospect, and would be given a hero's welcome by Liverpool supporters. Ange Postecoglou Postecoglou seems destined for a move to a European heavyweight in the near future. The popular Australian coach has won plenty of plaudits for his positive impact on Celtic, and his attractive style of football will also be seen as a big plus. Having also managed in Greece and Japan as well as Australia, Postecoglou is certainly well-travelled. There may be some doubts, however, over whether he has enough big-team experience to take up the role at Anfield just yet. Ruben Amorim Another exciting coach who has been turning heads this season is Sporting Lisbon's Amorim. Described by some as the new Jose Mourinho, the 38-year-old guided his team to the Primeira Liga title last year, and also impressed in the Champions League this season, with his outfit taking four points off Tottenham in the group stages. Amorim has helped mould some massive talent at Sporting, and it would certainly be intriguing to see what he could do with Liverpool's young squad. He would certainly be a risk given his young age, but one which could well be worth taking. Pep Lijnders On the other hand, perhaps Liverpool should just look closer to home? Ljinders has been Klopp's faithful right-hand man throughout the majority of his time at the club, and has had a huge impact on the players at his disposal. Perhaps without the large shadow of Klopp looming, Ljinders would be able to really come into his own and turn things around? If the Reds are looking for a fresh start after Klopp, however, this may not be the way to go.