The Mandalorian season three is coming to Disney Plus on March 1 and Pedro Pascal returns as the title character. After reuniting with Grogu following the events of The Book of Boba Fett, Din Djarin hopes to atone for his rule-breaking. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is joining him in the third outing of the Star Wars series. If you want to know how to watch The Mandalorian season 3, we've got a dedicated guide on that too! By season three, Greef Karga is one of Mando's strongest allies and he is surprised to see the Mandalorian return with Grogu in tow. He is a leader of the Bounty Hunters' Guild and was the one who guided Mando to Baby Yoda in season one. The character is played by Carl Weathers, a 75-year-old American actor and former professional footballer. He played boxer Apollo Creed in the first four Rocky films and is also known for his roles in Predator and Happy Gilmore.  Bo-Katan is a loyal Mandalorian lieutenant to Pre Vizsla and member of Death Watch. She agreed how Mandalorians should embrace their martial heritage. The character is played by Katee Sackhoff, a 42-year-old American actress known for her role in Battlestar Galactica. She may also be recognised for her roles in Another Life and the series 24. READ MORE: The Mandalorian season 3 release time explained as Grogu returns Main antagonist Moff Gideon is confirmed to return in season three and he will be seen as a phoenix rising from the ashes. Speaking to TV Line actor Giancarlo Esposito confirmed his character will have a prominent role to play. He said: "You always want to see the phoenix rise from the ashes. Or, you want to see a nefarious villain rise from the ashes. And believe me, he will.” The star is also known for his role as Gus Fring in Breaking Bad and its prequel, Better Call Saul. The Armorer led the Tribe during the New Republic Era and she stripped Din Djarin of his title after he removed his helmet. She is played by Emily Swallow, a 43-year-old American actress who played Kim Fischer in The Mentalist. The star is also known for her roles in Supernatural and voicing Emily in the video game The Last of Us Part II. Speaking to Screenrant, she said she appreciated how her Mandalorian character had a mysterious backstory. She said: "Jon [sic] [Faverau] and Dave [Filoni] tell me remarkably little, which I appreciate. "They leave it up to me. I usually do come up with a pretty detailed backstory for characters, but I haven't with her." Peli Motto manages Hangar 3-5 at the Mos Eisley spaceport on Tatooine. She becomes an ally of Din Djarin and develops a strong connection with Grogu. She is played by Amy Sedaris, a 61-year-old American actress, comedian and writer. The star is known for her roles in Strangers with Candy and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.  The Mandalorian season 3 airs on Disney Plus from March 1.