Fiona Bruce presented a special edition of Antiques Roadshow on Sunday, paying tribute to the nursing profession. Hosted at St Thomas's and St Bartholomew's hospitals in the heart of London, the programme featured a string of interesting objects which shared an insight into the history of nursing and healthcare. Fiona also welcomed comedian Jo Brand, a former psychiatric nurse, and heard the story of Jennifer Worth - the author of Call the Midwife. However, just minutes into the episode, fans quickly realised the experts weren't giving any valuations of the items. Host Fiona also mentioned at the beginning of the programme that the experts would not be valuing any of the items shown. She explained: "Nurses are there as we enter the world until we leave it, they care for us when we're at our most vulnerable and when we're most in need. "2023 marks the 75th anniversary of the birth of the NHS and today, there are more than 700,000 nurses registered in the UK." READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis She continued: "But tonight, our focus is on the history of nursing from the 19th century to the development of the NHS. "We invited you to share your personal experiences and your cherished objects. "And we've chosen a small selection to reveal how nursing has changed over time. "From the cradle to the grave, from inside hospital walls to the wider community and beyond. "We'll see items filmed at roadshows across the country. "We'll hear of life-changing experiences, and we'll meet nurses who came from all over the world to help build the NHS." Fiona concluded: "Given the emotional and often moving testimony you'll hear tonight, our experts won't be providing any valuations. But the most humble items will reveal powerful stories." While some viewers praised the show for paying tribute to the nurses, others felt it was an "insult" to them for not valuing the items shown. DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS] Twitter user @Erasmo2058 pointed out: "'So what’s it worth? We’re not giving valuations, it’s a special. Ffs Janet, waste of time let’s go'." (sic) Craig Graham said: "Might be just me, but I find the decision of the #AntiquesRoadshow to not provide valuations on the nursing special to be an insulting insinuation that nursing & its history is worthless." While user @PMtStevens added: "V interesting.. but HOW MUCH IS IT WORTH?? #antiquesroadshow." (sic) "#antiquesroadshow FFS! They are making it a wokefest! Leave it out for once and maintain subject!!," @snigrintrigrin fumed. Graham Hickham complained: "What has happened to #antiquesroadshow ? They've turned a program that once just valued people's heirlooms into yet another social history documentary. Turned it off after 15 minutes. Stick to the original script or finish." (sic) Despite the criticism, many viewers loved the nursing special, with Sarah Everett praising: "Watching the @BBCOne #antiquesroadshow the nursing special, talking about the inspirational Edith Cavell." Jenny M beamed: "#antiquesroadshow is really interesting tonight - all about nurses and it shows how wonderful they are and the importance of our NHS. Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.