British Gas is currently under scrutiny by Ofgem after an undercover investigation revealed that agents working for Arvato Financial Solutions - a company used by British Gas to pursue debts - have been breaking into homes to force-fit prepayment meters for those who had fallen behind with energy payments. The firm has now suspended the installations, but many questions are being raised about the rules. The investigation, carried out by The Times, saw agents ignoring customers’ vulnerabilities and forcing entry to homes with a locksmith in below-freezing conditions. Paul Morgan-Bentley, head of investigations at The Times, tweeted: “Last month I worked undercover with debt collectors breaking into homes of vulnerable families for British Gas. We were sent to force-fit prepayment meters at homes including one where a mum was with her 4-week-old baby. If families cannot top up, their heating can be cut off.” He continued: “Others who've had these meters force-fit for British Gas in recent weeks include a woman described in job notes as having “severe mental health bipolar”, a woman "with mobility problems and is partially sighted” and a mother whose “daughter is disabled and has a hoist”. “After being approached by us for comment, British Gas has now suspended the practice of force-fitting prepayment meters. Ofgem, the energy regulator, has started a formal investigation into British Gas, saying: “We won’t hesitate to take firm enforcement action.”  READ MORE: Exact temperature you can safely switch off your central heating  But what are the rules the energy regulator maps out in terms of prepayment meters? Bionic’s Les Roberts has outlined the consumer rights involved with prepayment meter usage. Can a provider force-fit a prepayment meter? If someone falls behind on energy bill payments, suppliers can take steps to install a prepayment meter in the home or switch their current smart meter to a pay-as-you-go setting, according to Mr Roberts. However, he noted: “They have to give you at least 28 days to repay any debt you fall into before this happens. If the debt is still not repaid, the supplier must give seven days' notice before the meter is installed at which point they do have the right to gain a warrant to enter your home or they could change your smart meter to a pay-as-you-go set-up. “If you refuse to grant access to your home for the installation to take place, your provider could cut off your energy supply."  DON'T MISS: Energy giant's staggering profits unveiled as oil prices soar [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED]    What can people do if they’re moved on to a prepayment meter without giving permission? Mr Roberts said: "Find your energy provider’s contact details either online or on your latest energy bill and file a complaint with them, either online, by phone or by letter. Make sure to keep a record of any past correspondence, such as emails asking for support which went unanswered. Keep a record of correspondence dates so you can prove you have been left without an answer.” He also suggested people could contact Citizens Advice who may be able to help with the complaint and provide a template complaint letter. Mr Roberts said: “You can also go to the Energy Ombudsman, a service which handles disputes between providers and consumers, if your complaint has been unanswered, or you are not satisfied with the reply after eight weeks. If you cannot come to an agreement with your provider, they are obliged to help you contact the Energy Ombudsman. This service is approved by Ofgem."  READ MORE: Britons being overcharged hundreds of pounds in energy costs  Can people refuse to have a prepayment meter installed? According to Mr Roberts, suppliers cannot force people to have a prepayment meter if it is impractical, for example, if they are disabled or chronically ill and are unable to top up the meter. They must arrange for you to pay in another way. He added: “Your provider is also obliged to move your prepayment meter to a more accessible location if you are struggling to access it. For example, if you have limited mobility and the prepayment meter has been installed out of your reach. “If you are unable to access a shop to top up your meter because it is a public holiday or closed in the evenings or on the weekends, there is such a thing as friendly credit which means your supply most likely won't be cut off if you run out of credit between the hours of 6pm and 9am, on Sundays and on bank holidays. But you'll have to repay any energy you've used when you do top up." What support should providers be offering before transferring people to prepayment? A prepayment meter should be a last resort if people are in energy debt. Under official Ofgem rules, providers should first offer a payment plan or help to set the household up with a repayment plan through state benefits. Mr Roberts said: “As part of a repayment plan, they must organise an affordable payment plan and consumers have the right to ask for a bills review to see if the amount is correct. “You can also ask for a break from payments until you can afford to pay, a reduction to an affordable rate and more time between payments. Your provider should also give you access to advice on how to reduce energy usage.” According to Mr Roberts, providers must also give access to any available hardship funds or charitable grants, or help those struggling apply for any available Government grants if these have not been automatically applied. For example, the Cold Weather Payment is available once the temperature drops below a certain level for those who are at state pension age or claiming Universal Credit or Jobseekers Allowance. Mr Roberts said: “When you are on a prepayment meter, you are able to access a small amount of emergency credit when you're running out of money on your meter and your supplier must tell you how to do this. Bear in mind, any emergency credit you use must be paid back."  A statement from Ofgem said: “We are aware of the extremely serious allegations from The Times, which we will investigate urgently with British Gas, and won’t hesitate to take firm enforcement action if required. “It's unacceptable for any supplier to impose forced installations on vulnerable customers struggling to pay bills before all other options have been exhausted. Suppliers must work hard to look after customers at this time, especially those who are vulnerable, and the energy crisis must not be an excuse for unacceptable behaviour towards any customer.”  Chris O'Shea, the boss of Centrica which owns British Gas has since responded. He said: "Protecting vulnerable customers is an absolute priority and we have clear processes and policies to ensure we manage customer debt carefully and safely. The allegations around our third-party contractor Arvato are unacceptable and we immediately suspended their warrant activity. "Having recently reviewed our internal processes to support our prepayment customers as well as creating a new £10million fund to support those prepayment customers who need help the most, I am extremely disappointed that this has occurred. As a result, on Wednesday morning, we took a further decision to suspend all our prepayment warrant activity at least until the end of the winter. "More broadly, there are clearly significant challenges around affordability and unfortunately, we don't see that changing anytime soon. We need to strike a balance between managing spiralling bad debt and being aware that there are those who refuse to pay and those who cannot pay. We think Government, industry and the regulator need to come together to agree a long-term plan to address this and ultimately create an energy market that is sustainable." 