Floyd Mayweather celebrated his 46th birthday in London last night ahead of his exhibition bout with Aaron Chalmers this weekend. Mayweather, who had a professional record of 50-0, was first pictured shopping alongside his huge entourage after arriving in London ahead of the fight. The 46-year-old was captured wearing double denim, including a denim Gucci jacket, and an expensive custom TMT chain as he stopped inside the shop. His security team were pictured wearing matching jackets with the slogan GOAT, greatest of all time, and a dollar sign on the back as they helped the boxer around on his shopping trip. Later the same evening, Mayweather donned a yellow and black tartan suit with a turtleneck as he hit the town to enjoy his big day. He also clutched a bottle of champagne as he grinned from ear to ear for pictures. It is the first time ever that Mayweather will fight in London, surprisingly given his illustrious boxing career, albeit it comes having already retired from professional boxing in 2017. The former undisputed unified welterweight champion of the world, has now instead taken up the habit of big paydays fighting Youtubers, influencers, and reality tv stars in his spare time, with Aaron Chalmers being the latest on his list. Mayweather came face-to-face with rival Chalmers for the first time in London on Thursday. Boxing legend Mayweather has signed on the dotted line for an exhibition contest where he will take on former Geordie Shore star at London's O2 Arena. The 50-0 star has thanked fans for their support in his exhibition-filled career and is ready to once again entertain a global crowd alongside his latest dance partner. He said: "It’s great to be back in the UK performing entertain dream come true. I’ve been coming to UK since 1993 - it’s good to be over here. "If I was taking brutal punishment, I couldn’t do it anymore. My career was great because of my defence. My faculties were important to me. I retired from the sport and I didn’t let the sport retire me. "My advice to him [Chalmers] is to leave here with skills. He’s rough, tough and got experience in combat, so I’m pretty sure he’ll be at his best. "I’ve got so much experience at highest level. I’ve fought at the best events. Experience plays a major part. I’ve seen everything but you can never overlook a guy or underestimate a guy. "He believes in his skills and talent. My job is to entertain and do what I do. I don’t have to have fast hands or feet. The proof is in the pudding."