Neil Patrick Harris made his return to TV comedy last year with Netflix’s Uncoupled which sadly only lasted for one season on the popular streamer. However, the How I Met Your Mother star has been given a second chance to find love in New York City now Showtime, newly taken over by Paramount+, has recently ordered another season. Uncoupled has been saved from cancellation as part of Paramount+ and Showtime’s new streaming project. The romantic-comedy series stars Harris as Michael, a gay New Yorker who finds himself newly single after getting dumped out of nowhere by his partner of 17 years. Now in his late 40s, Michael discovers the LGBTQ+ dating scene has changed dramatically during his long-term relationship. However, the romantic hero is determined not to be left by the wayside and he starts trying everything to ensure he doesn’t stay single for long. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Although the series received mixed reviews from critics, audiences ate up Uncoupled’s first season and it reached a strong position in Netflix’s charts last year. Even so, it was suddenly cancelled last month after fans were left waiting since the summer of 2022 to find out if Harris and co. would be returning for a second season. Deadline has now reported executives at Showtime have decided to give the series another chance after its merger with Paramount+. The two platforms have joined forces to not only stream each other’s content but also produce new streaming shows. Uncoupled will join the streamer’s new venture 'Metro Cultures', which will provide a space for shows with “culturally diverse takes” on the world. Streaming on Paramount+ will also allow Uncoupled to take on an edgier tone as it will no longer be airing alongside Netflix’s more family-friendly fare. The report from Deadline claimed the new iteration is expected to be “edgier and racier” than its original outing from last year. Meanwhile, creator Darren Star has also confirmed he already had plans for where to take the series before it was cancelled. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans ‘turn off’ as Lucy and Kate missing [BACKLASH]Below Deck fans slam Ross’ ‘disrespectful’ behaviour to Katie [OPINION]The Good Doctor’s Shaun faces parenting concerns in promo [VIDEO] In an interview last year, Star revealed season two would likely introduce the birth father of Kai (Jasai Chase Owens), the son of Michael’s business partner Suzanne (Tisha Campbell). “We have strong ideas about that storyline,” he revealed to TV Line. “We almost gave it away in season one, then decided not to. It'll be very surprising.” While cast member Campbell added: “I want to know badly!” “All I know is that he's from Europe. I don't know which country. I know he's going to be fine, whoever he is…” “Darren Star is filming Emily in Paris in Paris right now. I threatened to come visit him and see if I could pick his brain.” While Emily in Paris continues to pull in big numbers for Netflix, hopefully, Uncoupled can do the same now it’s found itself a new home to continue Michael’s New York dating adventures. Uncoupled season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.