It’s impossible to feel any sympathy whatsoever for the monarch’s younger brother, who comes across as an arrogant, entitled oaf, but push him too far and there’s a real danger he could do a Harry. Reports over the weekend suggest he may be forced to leave his £30million mansion, aka Windsor Lodge, and while you can be sure he’d end up somewhere pretty splendiferous to the likes of thee and me, that is not what Andrew was brought up with.  There was sniggering on some radio stations about someone being forced to leave a £30million abode and ending up in a “lowly” £5million one, but that really is not the point. Andrew was surrounded by pomp and grandeur from the word go and, for a while back in the day, had something happened to the then Prince Charles, Andrew would have been our current king. Ghastly thought, yes, but reduce someone from that status to pretty much nothing and you are putting them in a position of desperation and desperate people lash out. I have long thought that had Andrew’s ex-wife been treated a little more generously at the time of the divorce, the Royal Family might have been spared much embarrassment: yes, she had no judgment and was foolish, greedy and easily taken advantage of. But had she been told a decent annual allowance would be hers as long as she followed a few rules, then she might have been a little more circumspect. And she wasn’t even born into it. Andrew has been surrounded by it all his life. Over the last three years, he has been humiliated, laughed at and all but ostracised by some portions of society and yes, he brought it all on himself. But damaged people can be dangerous ones and if Andrew feels he is being pushed into a position where he has nothing left to lose, then his detractors may well find they have backed him into a place too far. Just about everything Harry has said and done in the last two years seems to have been driven by a deranged jealousy of his brother and just look what damage that’s done (although ultimately, one suspects, more to himself than anyone else). Prince Charles, as was, once said that the problem with Andrew was that he, Andrew, wanted to be him, Charles. There have now been suggestions from the Royal court that Andrew will not be cut off completely. Good. Keep him out of the public eye by all means; no one wants Andrew cavorting around on the national stage. But allow him to keep just a smidgeon of self-respect. I've always thought the Princess of Wales is the polar opposite from her late and much-lamented mother-in-law: Kate comes across as well grounded whereas even her greatest admirers concede Diana could be flighty and wilful. But they did have one thing in common: both transformed themselves from averagely pretty Home Counties girls into international knockouts. Kate never fails to impress in dress after fabulous dress from her favourite designers. The monarchy is safe in those glamorous hands. It a while for me to register what the police said about poor Nicola Bulley on the grounds it didn’t occur to me that mentioning the fact that she was menopausal might be a way of suggesting that she was potentially unbalanced. Gosh, was I wrong. Nearly 50 years ago, when the then 49-year-old Margaret Thatcher became leader of the Conservative Party, some of her male colleagues muttered about a menopausal woman being in charge. Of course she wiped the floor with the lot of them, and boy did they deserve it. So it’s disheartening some of these attitudes still prevail. But I can’t help but think that all the women who have been banging on about the menopause so much recently must also take some of the blame. Some women, as much as some men, have been behaving as if the menopause makes women into victims, deserving of special treatment. Unbalanced even. Menopause is a fact of life: most women just get on with it. The rest should kindly shut up. Did you know dogs can be racist? Oh yes. In California, apparently, most of the suspects bitten by police dogs are black. I will not comment on the dogs’ apparent associations with slavery, but conditions of life in the Sunshine State do appear to be disintegrating pretty quickly if pictures of vagrants on Venice Beach are anything to go by. Methinks this ain’t gonna help. Now the woke brigade have come for Roald Dahl – characters in his books can no longer be fat, crazy or made “white with fear” now they’re, “quite pale”. Ye gods. The only mystery is why they haven’t got on to fairy tales yet. What about the “ugly sisters”, Beauty And The Beast, Hansel And Gretel... doesn’t that give witches a bad name? A new poll from the Centre for Social Justice has revealed almost half of our fellow countrymen are so fed up with life in “Broken Britain” that they want to swap it for a life Down Under. Maybe, but think twice before you all rush to emigrate. Life here really is not that bad and as someone once said to me: “The trouble with Australia is everything wants to kill you. Even the pandas have a go.”  