Samson's (played by Sam Hall) interest in wanting to be more involved in his daughter's life comes after he found out about Noah's (Jack Downham) trust fund. During Thursday night's episode of Emmerdale, Sam Dingle (James Hooton) began to worry about how to help support Samson and Esther, which led him to steal from Eric Pollard (Christopher Chittel). However, viewers were left unhappy with how the scenes played out and took to their social media. Samson has recently decided to get more involved in his daughter Esther's (Florence Mae Dyson) life, who he shares with Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). Sam and Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) began to worry about how they would be able to support him and Esther. Sam paid a visit to Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) in the Woolpack where he asked: "It's Dan [Spencer] he is struggling at the minute. "I don't think he can afford to pay the bills now that Esther has come along, me and Lydia are helping but it's not enough." Cain bluntly replied: "What are you telling me for?" before Sam continued: "I thought maybe you could give him a pay rise." Sighing, Cain explained: "Sam, it's not for me to pay for Dan's grandchild." READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Sam tried to get Cain to come around and added: "Well she is my grandchild as well, she is a Dingle." "I know that," Cain quipped. "Look if I had any spare cash I would send it Dan's way but, I have had to shell out so much at the farm after the storm. "Sam, I wish I could help, I really do but I can't. You're going to have to think outside the box, you're a Dingle aren't you? You'll find a way." Later, Sam arrived at David's Shop and distracted Eric to try and steal some nappies and other necessities. However, Eric caught Sam in the act before the latter fled from the store in an attempt to outrun Eric. Their chases ended in chaos as Sam tried to dodge Eric and ended up pushing him to the floor, hearing his head hitting the pavement. David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) returned home to find his father on the floor and rushed over to his aid. He asked in a panic: "Dad! What happened?" to which Sam lied and said that he tripped and banged his head. Not happy with the explanation, David asked again: "How did he fall," leaving Noah to step in: "He was just running and he tripped." Looking on, Amelia revealed that Eric had been running after Sam and left David with even more questions. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue  [WATCH]Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [INSIGHT] In pain, Eric stated: "I would have given you the nappies if you had asked me," leaving David to become infuriated: "Nappies? Will somebody tell me what is going on? "What's in your bag, Sam? Give it here, give it here!" before he pulled the items out of his bag and Sam explained: "I was just trying to help Amelia." Frustrated with the situation, David called the police on Sam and an ambulance for his father who was in pain on the floor. As the police arrived, he asked Eric: "Ok Mr Pollard, I think I have everything I need. There is enough evidence to charge Mr Dingle with theft and assault but obviously, we would require your cooperation." With Eric being loaded into the ambulance, the police officer told Sam: "I am afraid you are going to have to come with me to the station Mr Dingle. "Mr Pollard has said that he wants to press charges. Sam Dingle, I am arresting you on suspicion of theft and assault." However, viewers were left confused by the scenes that had taken place and the way that the police had handled the incident. Taking to Twitter, Craig Wakley commented: "So they call for the police but not for an ambulance even after Pollard hit his head? Come on #emmerdale get real." @Trojanmaru added: "Since when do cops ask first? Arrest him, and THEN ask. If he doesn't want you to arrest him, he'll say something. "I've never heard a cop sound like they're trying to guilt trip someone into not pressing charges. #emmerdale." (sic) @Dandlio19372821 noted: "The police never operate like that ..offering options to someone who's been assaulted...ridiculous #emmerdale." Mary Anais fumed: "Sorry but that was the worst bit of policing I have ever seen. Surely he should have been arrested, questioned and then told Eric was pressing charges?" @lazeezFOR expressed: "The decision is yours' said no police officer ever. Come on now this is just getting lazy." @Chriskaxo said: "Eric would never press charges on Sam. Wtf is this? #emmerdale." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.