There wasn’t a dry eye in Poplar when the Call the Midwife season finale gave Nurse Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) her happy ever after. The blonde beauty walked down the aisle and said “I do” to her beau Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix). With the show officially renewed until 2026 fans have many more years of Nonnatus House adventures to look forward to, but Rix has hinted he may not be a part of them. Despite getting married and purchasing Nonnatus House, the handsome actor alluded to exiting the show, although not through choice. “I don’t know if the show wants me until 2026. They might not want to go there. I don’t know,” he said. “One never really knows but as far as I’m concerned, I’m not looking for the next thing. “I’m not looking to catch the next branch. I’m gripping the branch I’m on at the moment and giving it everything I’ve got.” READ MORE:Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series His character has been on quite the journey since he first appeared on screens in season 10 in 2020. Back then he was married to another woman and his wife was pregnant with their first child. However, tragedy struck when she was diagnosed with, and later died from, leukaemia. Widowed and a single father he rebuilt his life with the help of Trixie, who had been his late wife’s midwife. Since wooing her he has become quite involved in the local community where his family own several rental properties. Viewers have seen him doing his best to improve conditions for his tenants and donating generously to the nuns in Nonnatus House. While Olly may be uncertain about his future on the show his character made a very permanent gesture in the finale. He bought Nonnatus House to save it from closure inextricably linking he and Trixie to it forever. DON'T MISS:Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [INSIGHT]Call The Midwife fans fear for Nancy Corrigan after finale [SPOILERS]Call the Midwife has been renewed for three more seasons [INSIGHTS] “I mean, this isn’t a guy who’s going to suddenly change tack, or get out, or go in a different direction,” Olly explained to Digital Spy. “He’s made it very clear what his intentions are, I think – literally through his financial actions. “You’re really seeing a guy that has genuinely come to feel this way about the importance of the work they do, and the importance of their position in the society around them, which is obviously seriously impoverished and under-catered for, and unseen a lot of the time. Especially unseen by powerful people, and people like him; historically, like his family.” In the season 12 finale it was clear the people of Poplar held as much affection for Matthew and Trixie as the couple do for them. Their nuptials didn’t go without a hitch and the wedding party were kept on their toes trying to fix each hiccup and while the couple did eventually make it down the aisle, they were unaware their reception was in jeopardy. The upmarket hotel they had booked for the event had a fire leaving them with nowhere to host their guests but the residents of Poplar came to their rescue though and put on a wonderful party for the newlyweds. They brought out tables and chairs from their homes and decorated the area with lights. Guests were treated to fish and chips from the local chipper and everyone ultimately had a wonderful time and it saw out season 12 on a high note – unlike last year’s finale which saw many regular characters involved in an epic train crash.  Call the Midwife seasons 1-12 are available to stream now on BBC iPlayer