King Charles III was spotted laughing in an awkward response to one member of the public's "bring back Harry" request. Greeting students outside of the Stratford campus of the University of East London, the King has been present for the campus' 125th anniversary. The 74-year-old unveiled a plaque to mark the occasion, as well as opening its new hospital and primary care training hub. Upon shaking hands with the public present, some who had waited hours for his arrival, one member of the public asked if he could "bring back Harry?". Replying, the King said: "Who?", before bursting into laughter when he realised who the crowd member was talking about. The King has had a rocky relationship with his younger son and daughter-in-law, particularly over the past three years since their royal exit. READ MORE: King Charles offers President Zelensky key gesture with 'meeting of minds' at Palace today During his visit to the university, the King also took met with infants and their mothers in the campus' baby development hub. The hub offers a range of wards, all which simulate that if a real-life hospital. Prior to attending the university, the King was joined by the Queen Consort on a special royal visit. The royal couple visited the Brick Lane area in East London to meet charities and business, all of which are involved in the British Bangladeshi community. READ MORE: King Charles sparks frenzy at baby unit as one bursts out crying and another's overexcited Following explosive claims aimed at his father and stepmother in his memoir, Harry and Meghan's attendance at the King's Coronation in May remains unknown. The claims have led to speculation over whether the couple will travel to the UK this spring for the ceremony, which will take place in London on May 6. The date of the Coronation also happens to fall on the couple's son Archie's fourth birthday. Many have speculated that the couple could use this an excuse for a no-show. DON'T MISS The Royal Family have, so far, followed the famous royal motto, 'never complain, never explain', by not publicly addressing Harry's recent claims. In the days following the release, Prince William was asked if he had been "hurt" by Harry's claims. The heir to the throne, who was in Liverpool with Kate, chose to ignore the comments, instead makng their way into a hospital in the UK city, as part of a royal visit. 