BBC chairman Richard Sharp is facing pressure to resign from his position after a cross-party committee of MPs found him to have made “significant errors of judgment” over failing to declare a conflict of interest while applying for his role at the public broadcaster. A new Express.co.uk poll has shown that three-quarters of readers think Mr Sharp should resign. Mr Sharp failed to mention his role in facilitating an £800,000 loan for former Prime Minister Boris Johnson in early 2020. He said he did not arrange the loan but admitted to introducing his friend and businessman Sam Blyth to Cabinet Secretary Simon Case. The Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee said that Mr Sharp should “consider the impact his omissions will have” on public trust in the public broadcaster. The role of the BBC chair is appointed by the Government and includes upholding the BBC’s independence and values. Mr Sharp’s involvement with Mr Johnson has been scrutinised since the Sunday Times reported the claims last month. A spokesperson for Mr Sharp said he "regrets" not telling MPs about his association with Mr Blyth "and apologises". They continued: “Mr Sharp appreciates that there was information that the committee felt that it should have been made aware of in his pre-appointment hearing. He regrets this and apologises. “It was in seeking at the time to ensure that the rules were followed, and in the belief that this had been achieved, that Mr Sharp acted in good faith in the way he did. Mr Sharp believed he had dealt with the issue by proactively briefing the Cabinet Secretary that he was applying for the role of BBC chair, and therefore beyond connecting Mr Blyth with Mr Case, he recused himself from the matter." READ MORE: BBC chairman facing 'mutinous' staff after Boris Johnson loan claims In a poll that ran from 2:30pm on Monday, February 13, to 3pm on Wednesday, February 15, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should BBC chairman Richard Sharp resign over Boris Johnson loan?” In total, 1,042 readers responded, with the vast majority, 75 percent (777 people), answering “yes” he should resign. Whereas 25 percent (260 people) said “no” he should not, and a further five people said they did not know. In the comments left below the accompanying article, readers shared their thoughts on Mr Sharp’s future.  Some readers argued that Mr Sharp should resign, with username Bryan_1324 simply writing: “Yes”. Another, username Shwmai Sam remarked: “What trust do we have in the BBC?” Broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby has also argued for Mr Sharp to resign and claimed the fact he acted as a go-between for Mr Johnson is causing a “great deal of damage for the BBC”. He told BBC’s Newsnight: “I have no doubt he is an honourable man, no reason do I have to doubt that. But what he should do honourably is to fall on his sword and say: ‘In the interest of the BBC, which I care about, I don’t want this to go on and on and on, I shall stand aside’.” DON'T MISS: BBC backlash as Nina Warhurst fails to apologise after MP swears [REACTION]BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness [LATEST]Boris Johnson probe chief quits after having met Richard Sharp [INSIGHT] Crossbench peer Baroness Wheatcroft, who sits on the Lords Communications and Digital Committee, also called for Mr Sharp to resign and said it was “impossible” not to agree with Mr Dimbleby. She told BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme on Tuesday: “Mr Sharp may be a very honourable man but there’s no getting away from the fact he helped to organise an £800,000 loan that would get the prime minister out of financial trouble. He did him a favour just when he wanted the Prime Minister to give him the top job at the BBC. “Even if Mr Sharp behaved absolutely correctly, it doesn’t look right, it doesn’t smell right, and it doesn’t feel right for the BBC to have a chairman who is now being questioned about his judgment. What the BBC needs in a chairman is impeccable judgment.” However, some readers commented that Mr Sharp should not have the chance to resign. Username oldgit said: “He should be sacked in disgrace.” While username pope wrote: “He should be under police investigation.” Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he will wait until the outcome of an inquiry ordered by the Commissioner for Public Appointments is published. He declined to say if he has confidence in Mr Sharp while speaking on Monday, February 13. His official spokesperson said: “Yes, we are confident the process was followed. But there is a review into this process and we will look at that carefully.” The Government is responsible for the appointment and removal of the chairperson of the BBC, meaning that the public broadcaster is unable to change the situation. If Mr Sharp resigns his deputy chair Sir Damon Buffini is the favourite to take over until the term ends in February 2025.