Popping into a local bank branch is no longer an option for 18.7 million people according to a survey into the impact of branch closures for the Daily Express’ Save Our High Street Bank campaign. HSBC has announced it will be closing 112 bank branches in 2023 and thousands of customers will lose their local branch - a decision which will affect pensioners in particular.  High street bank branches could soon be a thing of the past - since 2015 almost 5,000 high street banks have shut down or are set to close their doors for good. Banks are blaming the increase in people using online banking, especially after the COVID-19 pandemic, however campaigners are worried about how it will affect the most vulnerable in society including pensioners. Some 257 bank branches will shut their doors for the final time this year and HSBC is going to be responsible for almost half of those. Many of these HSBC branches are opening for the very last time in just a few weeks. READ MORE: Thousands of Britons missing out on DWP benefit worth £70 a week HSBC bank is closing these branches in 2023: Jackie Uhi, HSBC UK’s managing director of UK distribution, said: “People are changing the way they bank and footfall in many branches is at an all-time low, with no signs of it returning. Banking remotely is becoming the norm for the vast majority of us. "Not only can we do it anywhere at any time of day or night, many more things can be done at the customers’ convenience and don’t rely on a branch visit." It's not the only bank to announce mass closures this year - Halifax, NatWest, Nationwide, Barclays, Lloyds, Santander and TSB are also closing branches across the UK. Express.co.uk has compiled a full list of all the closures expected in 2023 for people to check if their local branch is affected. DON'T MISS:State pension warning as triple lock 'likely to be revised' at Budget [WARNING]Four words would let Jeremy Hunt boost pensions, save NHS and cut tax [INSIGHT]State pensioners can claim extra £370 a month [UPDATE] Out of these 2023 closures, Barclays is set to close 41 branches up and down the country. A Barclays spokesperson said: “We continue to review and adjust our branch footprint to ensure it reflects the way that our customers are increasingly choosing to do their banking." Barclays is setting up banking pods in shopping centres and retail parks to provide in-person banking for local people. At least 10 will be rolled out across the UK by summer 2023 following the success of the bank’s first pod in St Austell in Cornwall.  