Kitchens are known as the heart of the home and are often the focal point in a property when it comes to entertaining. A good kitchen isn’t just a place to eat but a space to entertain, work, cook, relax and even exercise. When it comes to improving any space in a home, the kitchen is a great place to start as it can add significant value to a property. With this in mind, Chris Dance, head designer and director at InHouse Inspired Room Design has shared the kitchen features that could make a “significant dent” to your property’s value. Chris exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Kitchens are the heart of the home, so having an outdated or ill-fitted kitchen can make a significant dent in your property’s value. “Not only do we use them every day, but they’re often one of the first things visitors or prospective buyers see when they enter your property, meaning it’s a room that’s always worth updating before putting your house on the market.” READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ When investing in a new kitchen, Chris suggested choosing high-quality and professionally-fitted worktops and appliances. He also said installing plenty of storage in your kitchen will appeal to buyers. The kitchen expert claimed potential buyers are likely to be “put off” by a lack of storage during viewings. He added: “It pays to invest in features like vertical shelving, a pantry, or even a built-in utility room if it’s within your budget. DON'T MISS‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [INSIGHT]3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value [UPDATE]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [ANALYSIS] “You may also need to correct any awkward or impractical features in your kitchen.” Buyers are also likely to be more attracted to an “ergonomic and user-friendly layout” that they don’t need to change themselves. Chris said one trend that will likely be popular this year is the “maximalism” trend. Maximalism, which is championed by Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, is a concept which has a “more-is-more” approach. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The trend includes lots of layering, highly patterned wallpapers, lots of colour, ample accessories and art. However, Chris warned this interior trend should be “avoided” if you’re planning on selling your home. The expert said: “One interior trend we’ll be seeing more of this year is a return to maximalism and experimenting with bolder colours. “However, if you’re planning to sell your home in the near future, you may want to avoid this trend or experiment with it on a smaller scale (such as through soft furnishings or accent walls). “Brightly coloured paint, wallpaper, or carpets can often be less appealing to buyers than more neutral palettes, which could decrease interest in your property listing and ultimately drive down the price over time.” It’s important not to overspend when making changes to your kitchen as you could end up spending more than the value you’re adding to your home. If your existing kitchen is already clean and neutral, for example, then spending a lot on replacing things may not actually increase your property’s value.