Buckingham Palace will not release the findings of the investigation into complaints that Meghan Markle had bullied members of staff as it does not want to "further fan the flames" and cause another "dispute" with the Sussexes, according to journalist Valentine Low, who broke the story. In June last year, Buckingham Palace announced that it had investigated how the staff had handled allegations of bullying made against Meghan, claims she has always strongly denied. Low, who has just written a new book about the Royal Family, told Express.co.uk that any attempts by the Palace to release the findings of the review would prompt a "reaction" from Harry and Meghan at a time when relations are at their lowest point. The Palace is "keen to heal the rift" so the move would be counterproductive, the royal author said. On why the Palace staff have remained tight-lipped about the bullying allegations, the royal author cited personal and private reasons. They might have careers to manage and drawing attention to themselves personally could be damaging, he told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan losing America after 'whingeathon', says royal author after touring US However, the Palace staff he spoke to are standing by their claims, he recently told Page Six. "The people I spoke to are absolutely still sticking to their story, claiming that Meghan bullied them," Low alleged to the outlet. "I can’t speak to the truth of that, of course, because I wasn’t in the room and I haven’t heard Meghan’s side. But my sources still very much stick to their story." Low has just released Courtiers: Intrigue, Ambition and the Power Players Behind the House of Windsor, an explosive insight into the inner workings of the royal institution. DON'T MISSTeacher, 30, arrested for having sex with girl, 13 [REPORT]Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US airspace [LATEST]Award-winning professor charged with dealing meth [INSIGHT] Low broke the story that Meghan had been accused of bullying by former Kensington Palace communications secretary Jason Knauf in March 2021, days before her Oprah Winfrey interview. At the time, a spokesperson for the Duchess of Sussex described the account as "a calculated smear campaign based on misleading and harmful misinformation". Following the claims, the Palace launched a review into HR practices. In June 2022, it announced that it had investigated how the staff had handled allegations of bullying made against Meghan. However, those findings will remain private. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan tipped to leave Montecito for Diana's favourite spot According to Palace officials, the details of the independent review were not being released, to protect the confidentiality of those who took part. Following the review, officials said the palace’s HR policy had been updated, but the palace declined to say what the changes were. Meghan's lawyers denied the bullying allegations when they were made. At the time, a spokesperson for the duchess said that the claims were the "latest attack on her character". Harry has also come to the defence of Meghan's character. In his tell-all memoir "Spare," which was published on January 10, the Duke insisted that she always "checked on staff who were ill, sent baskets of food or flowers or goodies to anyone struggling, depressed, off sick". She also "bought pizza and biscuits, hosted tea parties and ice cream socials".