Tommy Fury has denied claims that he will pull out of his long-awaited grudge match with Jake Paul again. Concerns were raised after TNT confirmed he would be unable to attend the launch press conference in Saudi Arabia this week. After two failed attempts to make it happen, Fury and Paul will finally come face to face on February 26 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. Ahead of their initial fight date in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy history, many believe the same will happen again and those suspicions only deepened when Paul confirmed Fury would not be joining him for their kick-off press event. “Tommy Fury is scared,” he tweeted. “Told my team he can’t make the kick-off press conference next week in Saudi Arabia because he needs more time to train. Thought you said you wouldn’t even have to train to fight me? You and your papa scared.” It appears Paul isn’t particularly confident Fury will show up himself, capping off the tweet with “#MikePerry” in reference to the UFC veteran who is on standby for the fight in case lightning strikes thrice. But Fury has assured fans he will be there on fight night. "I say to those people they need to wake up. Don't worry. I'll be in Saudi Arabia ready for February 26th,” he told TMZ. “I'm ready to go now. I can't wait to get on this plane and get over there. "I'm going to hurt this man seriously come February 26th and if he is banking on me for not showing, well if that's where he is getting his confidence from, then he needs to think again cause I'll be there and I'll be right in his face come fight night." MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua 'wasting people's time' as Jermaine Franklin backlash rages on Usyk behind Joshua decision to pick Franklin for return fight Jones sets aside Eubank coaching duties to fight ex-UFC champ Pettis "I see me putting him away early, the way I'm punching in the gym, what I'm doing to people in the gym," Fury added "There's no way [he wins]. When the shots land, he will be going down. He will not get up. "This is all that's been in my mind for the past two and a half, three years because I'm a professional, legitimate fighter, and my name has been lingering with Jake Paul for quite some time now and Jake Paul is not on my level.”