An Australian monarchist has said campaigners who want the country to become a republic are exploiting claims made by Prince Harry in his memoir. Philip Benwell, National Chair of the Australian Monarchist League, said it is "such a shame" the Royal Family is being "attacked" after publication of the Duke of Sussex's controversial book Spare. Harry's book sparked headlines for days due to claims he was physically attacked by his brother the Prince of Wales, his revelation he killed 25 Taliban members during the Afghanistan war and his admissions of drug-taking. The Duke also criticised his father King Charles III and stepmother Camilla, Queen Consort, in the ghost-written book which is the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began in 1998. Sandy Biar, National Director and CEO of the Australian Republic Movement, told Express.co.uk described the Royal Family as dysfunctional, adding support for a republic has surged over the past four months. Over that period, Elizabeth II was succeeded by King Charles III, the Sussexes' Netlfix series aired and Spare was published around the world. Mr Biar said: "We can do better than inheriting our Head of State from a dysfunctional family on the other side of the planet." Asked how Spare has affected support for the monarchy in Australia, Mr Benwell told Express.co.uk: "Republicans are using it to suggest the Royal Family are dysfunctional, but I don't think it is getting them very far. "[Republicans] pounced on the comment Harry made in regard to racism, which he's since retracted. But it's not gaining any headway." In the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's interview with Oprah Winfrey, the couple suggested a member of the Royal Family made racist comments about their son Archie's skin colour. READ ABOUT AMERICANS TURNING ON HARRY AND MEGHAN Harry appeared to row back from the suggestion last month when he agreed the palace has an issue with unconscious bias, but disagreed that he had implied the Royal Family is racist. Mr Benwell said a majority of people in Australia believe Prince Harry is going through a period of poor mental health. He added: "They're looking at his comments in that regard. People think it's such a shame that the family is being attacked. A lot of people feel sorry for the King and Prince of Wales." Australians could vote on whether or not to keep the monarchy as soon as 2025, according to Mr Benwell. DON'T MISS: Operation 'Harry in a hurry' to see Duke at Coronation without Meghan [REVEALED] Kate hires new top aide described by source as 'ball-breaker' [LATEST] Kate tells kids to 'talk about your feelings' in touching meeting [REPORT] Anthony Albanese, the Prime Minister of Australia, has tasked Labour Party MP Matt Thistlethwaite with overseeing the country's transition towards a republic. Mr Benwell told Express.co.uk a royal tour by King Charles would be popular and support the monarchists' cause, but it is unlikely. He said: "Royal visits are always popular in this country. When the current Prince of Wales came the crowds that came out were enormous, far greater than for almost anyone else. "Whether the King is able to visit will depend on the Australian government because neither the King nor the Prince of Wales can visit without an invitation by the government. The King can't just wake up in the morning and say, 'We'll visit Australia next week'. There has to be a process where the Australian government has to extend an invitation. "Whether an invitation is extended is one thing because we know it may harm the government's proposal for a republic." King Charles visited Australia in 2018 when he was the Prince of Wales. He was joined by Queen Consort Camilla, the then Duchess of Cornwall. The royal couple also went Down Under in 2015. In the 1980s, Charles and Diana, toured Australia with the Princess of Wales wowing the crowds in particular. Mr Benwell said: "Charles and Diana came in the 1980s and Diana was hugely popular in this country. That popularity continued adverse to Charles's popularity, but most people have moved on from that. "Most now accept the marriage of Charles and Camilla. They believe they can see that Charles has been a much happier person since the marriage. "Republicans had started banging a drum about Camilla becoming queen, but [Elizabeth II's] comments that Camilla should be queen had put that away almost totally. "Charles is accepted as king and Camilla is accepted as queen, and they are both popular as such." If you are concerned about your mental health or that of a loved one, visit Mind.org.uk for advice and support.