Fans were left fuming as Zara Lackenby-Brown was forced to leave the Love Island villa during a recoupling involving her ex, Tom Clare. The ITV reality show saw the 25-year-old booted out on Wednesday as newbie Ellie Spence caught Tom's eye. However, viewers seem to think Zara could return in a Love Island twist. As always, this series has seen a strong fan reaction with each episode. The latest instalment saw all the Islanders gathered around the fire pit for the recoupling. Shaq Muhammad chose to stay with Tanya Manhenga rather than opt for a recouple. Will Young decided to stick with his partner Jessie, but Kai Fagan picked newcomer Samie Elishi. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending However, Ron Hall, who was originally paired with Ellie, opted for Tanyel Revan. Spencer Wilks chose Olivia Hawkins, while Aaron Walters picked Lana Jenkins. It was then that Tom opted for Ellie, meaning Zara had to say goodbye. In a gracious exit, she told her fellow contestants not to worry that she had to exit the show. "I genuinely think me and Tom calling it a day was the best thing that we could have done because we weren’t ever actually on the same page,” Zara commented. "Like a flame, we burned quick, and it was just more physical attraction. "The fact we weren’t each other's types intrigued us to try and make a go of it, but ultimately it didn’t work out.” Opening up on her friendships in the villa, Zara continued: “I got on with everybody, but definitely Tanya and Tanyel [the most]." DON'T MISS... Good Morning Britain fans 'switch off' over 'smug' guest [REACTION]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [THEORY]BBC Breakfast host shut down as co-star insists 'don't need you' [LATEST] After Zara left the villa, two new bombshells joined. Fans of the show were convinced one of the men would be the perfect partner for Zara, and were disappointed for the model. Jordan Odofin immediately got fans flooding to social media to point out how he would have been a great match for the recently eliminated contestant. Twitter user @Aisosa158352613 wrote: "Bring zara back!! #loveisland." @BooksViews added: "Zara needs to be brought back into the hideaway and date the new boys in Casa @LoveIsland #loveisland." "We could have had Zara and Jordan…the producers can go to hell #loveisland," @jalenerin penned. @tsiiontaye penned: "I rlly hope that they bring zara back when maya returns to the villa, the same way they brought back sam n mike. love island still have the ability to redeem themselves man!! #loveisland #LoveIslandUK." (sic) iam_annamaria__ demanded: "Honestly… bring Zara back as a casa amor girl.. that would be too lit #loveisland." @ccchhiderraaa shared: "Can’t believe she is gone. Her and Jordan would have been a perfect match im sooooo p***ed #loveisland." (sic) Love Island airs weekdays sat 9pm on ITV.