Mason Greenwood has added Manchester United and Nike back into his Instagram bio after charges were dropped against the striker. The England international hasn’t played football since his arrest in January 2022. And it’s uncertain what the future holds for a player who was previously considered one of the brightest talents of his generation. It emerged last week that charges had been dropped against Greenwood. And United, reacting to the news, then confirmed they would be conducting an investigation to determine their ‘next steps’. “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped,” it read. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Last year, Nike confirmed Greenwood was no longer an athlete of theirs. A statement issued to the PA news agency read: “Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.” Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Yet the 21-year-old has now put both United and Nike back into his Instagram bio, having previously removed both. However, while that’s the case, there’s still no guarantee he’ll return to football at the current moment in time. United aren’t putting a timescale on their investigation, with the club determined to take their time as they look to get to the matter. Nike have been approached for comment. There have been many reports emerging in the time since Greenwood’s release, only adding to the uncertainty over the whole situation. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United staff members are said to be split over whether the England international should return to the fold after missing over a year of action. Some feel it would be a distraction to have him back, especially with the Red Devils currently flying under Erik ten Hag. Others, though, think the club have a duty of care to a player who has been on their books since the age of six. A source also told The Sun that while members of the squad were ‘open’ to Greenwood returning, they felt now wasn’t the right time. “The players are open to him returning to the team but the scrutiny could be massively distracting,” the insider was quoted as saying. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages and no one wants to rock the boat.” Erik ten Hag was coy when quizzed on Greenwood before United’s 2-1 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday. “No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club,” he said when quizzed on the matter. He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit." Greenwood himself, meanwhile, thanked his family and friends for their support during the process. “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support,” he said. “There will be no further comment at this time.” Greenwood’s last appearance for United was in a 1-0 win over West Ham in January last year, with Marcus Rashford scoring the winner that day. In addition to adding both the Red Devils and Nike to his bio, he also limited his pictures to just three - with all of them from last season.