Tourists in Bali, one of Indonesia's top tourist destinations, could be banned from some of the area’s mountains. Many of the mountains are sacred to Balinese Hindus. Wayan Koster, governor of Bali, said: “People should no longer freely enter the area, or make tourism destinations on the top. “Moreover, many people ride their motorbikes onto the summits. I think it is too much.” He added: “Highest religious leaders have gathered and decided that mountains should be kept sacred, and they have recommended the ban.” Many Balinese Hindus believe that any negative tourist actions could harm the sacredness of the mountains. READ MORE: Flight attendant warns 'never use' common hotel room item Mount Batur is an active volcano, which takes around two hours to climb, has several restaurants and viewpoints. It is one of the island’s most sacred mountains and is believed to be the dwelling place of Lord Brahma. Local residents hold a ritual every time a negative incident happens to try to cleanse the bad spirit. In 2022, a Canadian actor, Jeffrey Craigen, caused upset when he was videoed dancing naked at the top of the mountain. The actor, who describes himself as a mind and body healer, was deported after the incident and banned from travelling to Indonesia. He later posted a video to social media where he said he “sincerely apologised” for “any hurt”. In late 2022, an American tourist died on Mount Agung when he fell while climbing the mountain to celebrate his birthday. Koster said: “There are many accidents. I think it is a warning. In Mount Batur, accidents have happened many times. Maybe (tourism) there is too much, uncontrolled.” READ MORE: Tourist fined £439 for breaking rules in Italy He said that the mountains should be kept sacred and activities needed to be controlled, perhaps with tourist limits. Bali is one of Indonesia’s leading tourist destinations and is popular with tourists from all over the world. During the pandemic, several social media influencers and tourists upset locals by ignoring mask rules. YouTubers have also filmed themselves doing motorbike stunts and risky pranks in the tourist destination. The UK Government’s Travel Advice for Indonesia says: “You should respect local traditions, customs, laws and religions at all times and be aware of your actions to ensure they do not offend.” Tourists could be deported if they break the rules and could face a permanent ban from travelling to Indonesia. The mountain is currently still open to tourists and it is not yet known when limits could be introduced. Indonesia is set to ban sex between unmarried couples although officials have said tourists won’t face prosecution for doing so.