Data shows that the prices of both unleaded is expected to stay the same, while the price of diesel should fall. Drivers can expect to pay 149p per litre of petrol on average. However, diesel drivers are facing challenging times as diesel costs remain high at around 170p. As a result of this, experts are warning drivers to be selective about where they fill up to help keep their costs down. Motorway service stations will often have far higher costs for petrol and diesel because they do not sell the quantities that supermarkets do, and don’t attract the same discounts as a result. These areas also need to account for a number of other factors including parking and amenities like toilets and showers. When fuel prices were at their peak in June and July, some motorists were seeing motorway service station costs as high as £2.49 per litre. READ MORE: Little-known speed-bump tip can help drivers slash fuel consumption A spokesperson for Ocean Finance warned drivers to keep some money-saving tips in mind, especially when filling up their car. They said: “Never top up your fuel at a motorway service or near a motorway exit. Even though fuel prices have risen across the board, not all petrol stations are charging the same amount. “As a general rule, petrol stations at motorway services, or near motorway exits, tend to be the most expensive. This is because the operators know they have a captive audience. “If you’re running low on fuel, better to refill while you can than risk your tank running dry before you find a cheaper petrol station to use.”  DON'T MISS Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage [ADVICE] 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Skoda owners are likely smarter than drivers of any other car brand [REVEAL] Motorists are also urged to use services like PetrolPrices to help them find the cheapest fuel in their area to save money. When petrol and diesel prices peaked at the end of June 2022, they had reached £1.91 per litre of unleaded petrol and £1.99 per litre of diesel. That is an increase of 209 percent and 219 percent respectively since 1997. Back in 1997, fuel prices were fairly evenly matched, with unleaded petrol costing about 61.82 pence per litre on average, and diesel costing only a fraction more at 62.47 pence per litre. If those prices had risen in line with inflation over the last 25 years (3.03 percent), unleaded petrol would cost about £1.30 per litre, and diesel would cost £1.31. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued as drivers could get fined £100 on the motorway The news comes after motorists were advised to make use of a common button in the vehicles which could massively increase their fuel economy. As a result of the high fuel prices, many around the country have been practising fuel-saving techniques, or hypermiling methods. Some have even started giving advice on social media to help their followers save money on motoring costs. One such user is Megan’s Bubble, who posted a video about a button which can be found in most people’s cars that many don't understand.  In the car, the button in question is displayed by an “A” with a circular arrow wrapping above it. In the video, she says: “If you have a button that looks like this in your car this is your automatic start-stop button. "It's going to automatically shut down your vehicle when it is stationary for a long time, like when you're sitting at a stop light or maybe through the Starbucks drive-thru. "It's supposed to increase fuel economy and reduce emissions.” Stop-start engines are slowly becoming more common with newer, more modern cars having the system. It is designed to cut the engine when the vehicle is stationary, which is then restarted when the brake is released the clutch is engaged or the accelerator is pressed. The technology relies on another feature which detects when the car is not moving or when it is out of gear. When the car is motionless or out of gear, the fuel supply and connection to the engine are halted. 