Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have reportedly been sending 32-year-old Princess Eugenie, the youngest daughter of Prince Andrew, details of homes close to where they live in Montecito. According to the Daily Mail, the couple are instead looking at homes in the West Hollywood area of Los Angeles, and they plan to rent first before taking the plunge and snapping up a property.  West Hollywood is a suburb of Los Angeles with a population of 35,678. West Hollywood is in Los Angeles County and is reportedly one of the best places to live in California. Living in West Hollywood offers residents a dense urban feel and most residents rent their homes. The per capita income in West Hollywood in 2018 was $69,589, or roughly £57,000, which is wealthy relative to California and the nation. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  This equates to an annual income of £230,914 for a family of four. People from all over the globe visit West Hollywood for its iconic destinations such as The Sunset Strip for its unparalleled historical connection to music, entertainment, architecture, fashion, and culture-making, and for Santa Monica Boulevard's historic LGBT destinations and entertainment establishments. America will not be totally unfamiliar territory for Eugenie, who spent two years living in New York between 2013 and 2015 when she worked for the auction house Paddle8. At the moment Jack and Eugenie, who have just announced they're expecting a sibling for their son August, split their time between the UK and Portugal, where Jack works in high-end property development.   Although he recently took a job at Discovery Land Company with property tycoon Mike Meldman, a transition is likely to be fairly smooth as the company's core properties are dotted around the United States. When in Britain, Jack and Eugenie have been staying at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. The late Queen gave the property to Harry and Meghan before they left for America after stepping back as senior members of the Royal Family. A source told The Mail: "With a growing family, it all feels like it is about new starts. This isn't just a pipe dream." READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  Eugenie is known to be close to Harry, as she was pictured with her cousin at the Super Bowl last February, and in his memoir, Spare, Harry wrote that Eugenie and Jack were the first royals to meet Meghan. Of this first meeting, Harry wrote: "I remember Euge hugging Meg as if they were sisters." Eugenie gave birth to her first son August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, who is 13th-in-line to the throne, at London's Portland Hospital in February 2021. Last week, Princess Eugenie showed off her growing baby bump as she stepped out for dinner at the Chiltern Firehouse in London.   She was spotted as she left the Marylebone restaurant last Tuesday evening. The mother cut a cosy look as she joined her mother Sarah Ferguson, 63, for dinner. The Duchess of York, who declared herself in "granny heaven" over the happy news, was then later seen leaving Maison Estelle with Princess Beatrice's husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Posting a tribute on Instagram to her youngest daughter last week, Fergie wrote: "You will be sharing puddles, Augie! Superb news, Granny heaven…. So deeply grateful." This came after Eugenie shared her pregnancy news by posting an adorable snap on Instagram showing her one-year-old son August kissing her stomach last Tuesday. She wrote: "We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." 