Royal biographer Tom Bower has said Meghan, Duchesss of Sussex, is shrewd and seeking the "big time" amid reports she has met a top Hollywood venture capitalist. Harry and Meghan have reportedly hired Adam Lilling, according to the website Page Six. The couple appear to be exploring ways to raise their earning potential. Mr Bower told GB News he thought the Sussexes' priority is earning money.  Mr Bower said: "In truth, what we're seeing is an extraordinary marketing campaign by Meghan whose number one interest is herself and the second interest is money. "The question is, how will she make a lot of money in a short period of time in the end, to make sure she doesn't need, always, to parade herself as the victim of the Royal Family. She's always looking for business opportunities. "What's interesting is the people she goes to: Who is going to maximise Meghan's popularity? Who is going to make her really big and very rich? "And she's, I think, very shrewd and clever in that. She's always looking for opportunities and for people who can help her." Asked about what financial advice Meghan might receive, he said: "What's terrible for the Sussexes is they haven't got that much money really, compared to the other A-listers. "If they've got $20 or $30million amongst the A-listers, who are billionaires, that is just a day's or year's expenditure on food and living. They're poor compared to their neighbours." READ ABOUT FRANCE HITTING OUT AT THE BRITISH ARMY He claimed Meghan feels that more than anything, alleging it explains why she was so dissatisfied with Frogmore. Mr Bower said: "She wanted a palace, not five cottages knocked into a small home in Windsor. She is really looking for the big time." He continued: "She wants to ride in the big cadillacs, the private jets on command. At the moment she has to scrounge for those sort of things."  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry attacked as 'inaccessible' by royal commentator [REPORT] Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation [LATEST] Prince Harry not used to 'anyone answering him back', says expert [REVEALED] Harry's memoir is the fastest selling non-fiction work since records began in 1998, according to its publisher. Since leaving Britain for North America, the Sussexes may now reportedly have amassed a £100m fortune. Prince Harry is believed to have made at least £16m from sales of Spare, according to MailOnline. This comes after the Sussexes signed deals with Spotify and Netflix. Meanwhile, Prince Harry is believed to want a meeting with his brother, Prince William, and father, King Charles, before deciding whether or not to attend the monarch's Coronation in May. A source told the Mirror: "Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered – he isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. "He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed." King Charles wants Harry and daughter-in-law Meghan at the event with the pair on the invitation list. If they were to attend, Meghan and Harry will not play any role in the Coronation because they are no longer full-time, working royals. In accord with their status as minor members of the Royal Family, they should also be seated in a less prominent position compared with the Prince and Princess of Wales. King Charles and Camilla, Queen Consort, will be joined by members of the Royal Family in a procession from Westminster Abbey to Buckingham Palace after the Coronation ceremony. At the palace, the King and Queen Consort will appear on the balcony along with other members of the family, though it has not yet been announced who will join them. Harry and Meghan did not make an appearance on the baclony during Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee, suggesting they will not be there at the Coronation, if they attend.