Sunday night saw the remaining celebrities of the ITV show take to the rink for Dance Week in a bid to try and impress the judges. However, after receiving the lowest public vote it was Ekin Su Cülcüloğlu and Patsy Palmer who found themselves fighting to remain in the competition.  With nine stars now left in the show, viewers saw each celebrity give it all they’ve got to try and wow the judging panel. Gymnast Nile Wilson topped the leaderboard yet again with an impressive score of 34 while former Love Island winner Ekin-Su found herself at the bottom with a total of 23. Despite drafting in her beau Davide Sanclimenti to guest star in her disco-themed routine, it wasn’t enough to keep her from landing in the skate-off against EastEnders’ Patsy Palmer. After both stars took to the ice for a second time, judges Ashley Banjo, Christopher Dean, Jayne Torvill and Oti Mabuse unanimously decided to save the soap star. READ MORE:Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie   Devastated at her exit, the 28-year-old burst into tears as hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield quickly rushed to console the reality star. Speaking about leaving the competition, Ekin commented: “'We put so much time, and all the other work I had coming up at the time, this was my priority and I gave everything to it. “And I love it, I fell in love with the ice.” Ekin-Su’s exit didn’t go down well with viewers as many disagreed with the decision.      Taking to Twitter, Mywinterforest wrote: “Ekinsu never stood a chance with #DancingOnIce ‘s vile audience. No matter how hard she tried to change to fit their standards, be more conservative, skate better, and smile more. It wasn’t enough. It’s their loss, she will be onto bigger & better things @ekinsuofficial love you." EmTa070721 added: “Always remember how amazing you are @ekinsuofficial put your crown back on and get that confidence back. You deserved better and you will get it!! Loved seeing Davide in your performance as well, Well done. #DancingOnIce.” Badamtss__ slammed: “F****ng hell, what a misogynistic show DOI is. Didn’t see any comments about the half-naked men tonight but poor @ekinsuofficial got hated on for wearing a flesh-coloured leotard on her first skate #DancingOnIce." Ekinsdelight commented: “You'd all rather watch the shirtless men in Ekin-Su's performance but all of you near suffered from cardiac arrest when she wore a nude-coloured costume on. Miserable hags #dancingonice." DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex wants to ‘take risks’ on show [INSIGHT] Love Island viewers brand show 'boring' following Zara's exit [REACTION] The One Show viewers blast 'car crash' interview with Simon Le Bon [VIDEO]    Blue_laur11 said: “I am fuming that Ekin su has gone she had so much more to give !! Love you Ekin and Brendyn you were amazing !!” With Twitter user Ms_Joyceey adding: “We warned Ekin Su against that stupid misogynistic show. I personally refused to watch it. Thank God she is off that nonsense show.. She killed it and back to her busy life.. Love her.” Since her debut on the show, Ekin-Su faced a wave of backlash after her first routine which saw her in a nude, sparkly catsuit skating to Brittney Spears’ Toxic. After her performance, viewers were clearly left unimpressed with her raunchy wardrobe choice as the broadcasting watchdog received 112 complaints.    Ekin-Su’s exit follows from former Liberty X star Michelle Heaton who left the competition during Musicals week as she transformed into Velma Kelly from Chicago. Exiting the competition in week two was football legend John Fashanu who had to battle against Ekin-Su in the first skate-off. When asked if he’d carry on skating despite his early exit, the sports star commented: “Oh yes! I shall carry on skating and who knows, I might even start teaching people.” Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITV1 and ITVX at 6:25pm  