The average household has been dealt an additional £1,000 blow over the last 12 months due to rising gas prices sparked by Russia’s war in Ukraine, a report has claimed. The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit (ECIU) has argued that Britain’s reliance on gas is partially to blame for the astronomical rises in household energy bills, which have hit historic highs over the last year. It comes as, a year on since Russia first invaded its neighbouring country, and the typical household is having to fork out twice as much compared with what they were paying in 2021. This is because wholesale gas prices shot up and have stayed high as the conflict sparked supply constraints while the Russian President, who had a tight grip on the European energy market, withheld vital gas deliveries to Europe. While Britain only got around four or five percent of its gas from Russia before the conflict (the EU got 40 percent) the integrated and volatile nature of the fossil fuel market meant a huge knock-on impact was felt by British billpayers. In fact, research by the ECIU estimates that the surging wholesale gas prices have cost UK energy suppliers an additional £50billion to £60blillion, on top of the £10billion to £20billion spent in a normal year. But household energy costs are far higher than the £1,000 pinpointed by the ECIU– which does not account for standard wholesale costs, suppliers’ margins and other charges taken into account for energy bills. The International Monetary Fund even said last year that British households are the worst affected western European nation because of the country’s staggering dependence on gas. In Britain, gas generates around 40 percent of the country's electricity and heats 85 percent of its homes, which also have some of the lower levels of energy efficiency on the continent. Dr Simon Cran-McGreehin, head of analysis at ECIU, said: “As the IMF has pointed out, the energy crisis hit UK households harder than those in other western European countries because, as a nation, we’re incredibly dependent on gas. The price of gas is largely set by international markets, so the only way to protect yourself is to use less. READ MORE: Face of ‘lonely’ Stone Age boy brought back to life after 8,300 years “The onshore wind ban has been one of the barriers to this. We’re also running behind places like Sweden, Poland and Estonia on installing electric heat pumps.” Meanwhile, in regions most affected by the energy crisis, those with higher shares of renewables also experienced lower energy prices. In fact, energy generated by renewables has been far cheaper than recent gas prices, with record amounts of clean power being delivered to the grid in recent months. However, the electricity these clean power sources generate is organised through wholesale markets (in which generators bid to operate if the price is right) and in which most homes still rely on gas for heating, meaning bills have stayed high. DON'T MISS Thousands urged to switch off electricity tonight in new test [REPORT] Octopus Energy absorbs another supplier as 60,000 customers warned [INSIGHT] Mum's solar panel perks which includes making money from energy [REVEAL] Gas prices have also started to tumble in recent months. Last Friday, European gas prices hit to an 18-month low, dipping below €50 (£44.51) per megawatt hour down to €48.90/MWh (£43.51). The gas benchmark peaked at more than €300/MWh (£266.92) in August 2022. It came as traders’ confidence over the ability of European countries to stave off shortages this winter and next grew after nations filled up their gas storage sites, experienced mild weather and limited their energy consumption. Henning Gloystein, at consultancy Eurasia Group, said: “Europe looks like it has successfully weaned itself off Russian gas.” He added that while gas was “still expensive”, it “no longer needs to price in the risk of outright shortages”. But while gas prices are dropping, customers in the UK can expect bills to rise by £500 next month when the Government’s energy bills support scheme (EBSS) becomes less generous. Unless Chancellor Jeremy Hunt changes tack, households with typical energy use will have their annual bills capped at £3,000 rather than the current £2,500 from April, a measure Mr Hunt has refused to go back on. But according to Torsten Bell, chief executive of the Resolution Foundation, the changing gas prices may encourage the Chancellor to change his mind. He said: "The cost-of-living crisis is the backdrop to this Budget, and is where families are focused. "So, despite headlines saying 'Energy bills extra support ruled out by chancellor', the Chancellor will have more to say on the topic. "The solution is pretty obvious. The Treasury can - and almost certainly will - delay the increase in the Energy Price Guarantee for three months to give wholesale prices time to feed through.”