Joe Crowley and Steve Brown travelled to the village of Staithes during the latest episode of Countryfile where they discovered how the traditional fishing community was adapting to its future. Charlotte Smith also investigated the latest development behind one of Britain's biggest ecological marine disasters, while Adam Henson looked into how dairy farmers are struggling. The programme left viewers divided, with many slamming the show for broadcasting how crabs were being killed. Others weren't happy with Adam's lambing segment, with one viewer tweeting: "It doesn't sit well with me." Adam began by explaining how a lot of sheep's milk doesn't come from the UK. He later spoke with farmers Paul and Laura, who were hoping to change that. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star The presenter chatted with Laura about their lambing season, which is when the farmer admitted they take the lambs away from their mothers after 24 to 48 hours. As Laura handed Adam a baby lamb, she detailed how she got into farming. She said: "I grew up in London and it was something I've always loved. "I've always loved being outside and we got into farming and the rest is history." "For a ewe to produce milk, of course, they have to lamb," Adam pointed out. "So then the lambs can't have the milk, so what is the system?" Laura continued: "They will stay with their mum for 24 to 48 hours so that they get what's called colostrum, which is full of all their essential antibodies and things that they need. "And then after that, we will take them away from their mums and we rear them all under heat lamps." DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice's Darren Harriott dealt crushing blow hours before show [NEWS]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION] Some people might think that is mean?" the Countryfile host quizzed. However, Laura insisted: "We try and give the lambs the best possible life we can. "We make sure they're kept clean, they're warm and well fed." However, the segment sparked a backlash from viewers with many taking to Twitter to share their thoughts. Rachael Hare fumed: "Taking the lambs away from their mothers so early doesn’t sit well with me #countryfile." #countryfile the poor lambs stay with their mums for only 24 hours then taken away. What a s****y life, just like calves for veal. No wonder all the kids are turning to being vegetarian," @gala_borders tweeted. (sic) While @EmBeck2015 added: "Lambs removed from their mothers at days old and then given powdered milk for someone to make money is awful - they are sentient beings! #countryfile Give me oat milk any day." "#countryfile Just can’t agree with the treatment of lambs on there just now. So very cruel for the mothers and wee lambs.."@WildlifeDefend1 pointed out. Meanwhile, some viewers praised the show for highlighting the fishing industry, with Amanda Craig tweeting: "Good to see @BBCCountryfile featuring the ghastly devastation of crabs in the North East. The pollution of the River Tees a likely culprit." (sic) Steve Sturgess added: "This episode is so much more interesting than the usual bland topics. A refreshing change. Well done." Countryfile returns on Sunday at 6pm on BBC One.