Syria’s president has agreed to open two new crossing points from Turkey to the country’s rebel-held northwest to allow deliveries of aid and equipment to help millions of earthquake victims. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres welcomed the agreement by Bashar Assad to open crossing points at Bab Al-Salam and Al Raée for an initial period of three months.    Before this was agreed the United Nations had only been allowed to deliver aid to the northwest Idlib area through a single crossing at Bab Al-Hawa, at Syrian ally Russia’s insistence. The announcement followed a meeting in Damascus yesterday between Mr Assad and U.N. humanitarian chief Martin Griffiths, who spent the weekend seeing the devastation caused by the 7.8 magnitude earthquake that struck southern Turkey and northwestern Syria. The secretary-general’s official announcement came during a closed meeting of the UN Security Council where diplomats said Mr Griffiths announced Mr Assad’s agreement to open the two new crossings during a virtual briefing. Syria’s UN ambassador, Bassam Sabbagh, told reporters while the meeting was taking place that Mr Assad held a “positive and constructive meeting” with Mr Griffiths and “confirmed the need for urgent aid to enter all regions in Syria, including those under occupation and under control of the armed terrorist groups.”    He added: “Based on that, Syria supports the entry of humanitarian aid into the region through all possible cross points whatever — from inside Syria, or across the borders — for the period of three months to ensure the delivery of humanitarian aid to our people in ... northwestern Syria." Brazil and Switzerland, which oversee Syria cross-border issues in the council, asked for “quick implementation" of the agreement to open the two new crossings. The United Nations has been under intense pressure to get more aid and heavy equipment into Syria’s rebel-held northwest since the earthquake struck a week ago, with survivors lacking the means to dig for survivors and the death toll mounting. The number of dead in the region has reached 2,166, according to the rescue group the White Helmets, while 1,414 people have died in government-held areas, according to the Syrian Health Ministry in Damascus. READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation'   The overall death toll in Syria stands at 3,580. UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric cited difficulties of operating during Syria’s 12-year war. To criticism that the UN hadn’t responded quickly enough to the quake, he said some aid is getting into the northwest, pointing to 58 trucks that arrived with aid through the Bab Al-Hawa crossing. But he stressed the United Nations doesn’t have heavy equipment nor search and rescue teams, “so the international community as a whole needs to step up to get that aid where it is needed.” Mr Guterres said in a statement that with the rising death toll “delivering food, health, nutrition, protection, shelter, winter supplies and other life-saving supplies to all the millions of people affected is of the utmost urgency.” “Opening these crossing points — along with facilitating humanitarian access, accelerating visa approvals and easing travel between hubs — will allow more aid to go in, faster,” the UN chief said. DON'T MISSShamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [ANALYSIS]People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REVEALED]School where teen was beaten before suicide is plagued by bullying [REPORT]  Asked why it took a week to get this agreement, when time to get to victims is critical, Mr Sabbagh said: “Why are you asking me? We are not the ones controlling these borders.” He reiterated that Syria said from day one that it was ready to assist humanitarian workers to reach all Syrians “without any discrimination.” Mr Dujarric, the UN spokesman, told reporters yesterday that the U.N. has been trying to send a convoy to the northwest across conflict lines within Syria, but is still trying to get a green light from all parties. The convoy reportedly was blocked by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a rebel group with ties to al-Qaida that controls part of the northwest.  