The Madame Blanc Mysteries has been airing on Channel 5 and in the final episode, Raffy Ozanne is found lying dead in his own shop. His brother Raimund is heartbroken and suspects murder as some items were stolen from the shop. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. After Raffy's shop was raided he was seemingly murdered with someone stealing all of his cash and some precious items. Raffy is played by Jassem Mougari, a French actor who was born in May 1996. He grew up in Paris and trained in classical theatre during his education. When he was 16 he dropped out of school and moved to London to start his acting career. He has since worked on Last Night, Chronicles of the Sun and This Way Up. READ MORE: Les Dennis admits filming for Madame Blanc role was 'not easy' Raimund is Raffy's brother and he is devastated to discover he was killed in his own shop. He is played by Ewens Abid, a French actor of Algerian descent. The star studied acting at degree level and he has starred in the shows Crime and Emily in Paris. He has plenty of work in the pipeline including The Last Rifleman, Jungle and Tuesday. Simone is played by Djinda Kane, whose acting career dates back to 2008. Her early credits include a few French films and TV shows, with one of her biggest roles being in the series Marseille. She is also known for Plus belle la vie, Research Unit and In Tandem. The star joined the cast of The Madame Blanc Mysteries for its first season and has continued to star in the guest role. DON'T MISS... Sally Lindsay left Coronation Street as Shelley Unwin back in 2006Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas specialMeet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings  Charlie is played by Sanchia McCormack, who has just wrapped on a new feature film called Lee with Kate Winslet. She has recently been seen in the latest series of Doctor Who. Her other screenwork includes Sex Education, The Crown and Save Me. Viewers may also recognise her as DC Sally Booth in EastEnders. The series also welcomes back Niall Connor (Aonghus Weber) and Celine Connor (Margeaux Lampley). Returning for the finale is Barbara (Olivia Caffrey), Gendarme Richard (Jacqueline Berces) and Gloria Beauchamp (Sue Vincent). Jean White (Sally Lindsay) and Dom Hayfield (Steve Edge) arrive at Ozanne's as Raffy's body is being taken away. As well as the takings, an antique perfume bottle was stolen, and Caron needs Jean's help to trace it to the murderer.  The Madame Blanc Mysteries airs on Channel 5 on Thursdays at 9pm