Darlene Curtis (played by Ginny Holder) first appeared in Death in Paradise in 2018 when she was Dwayne Myers' (Danny John-Jules) girlfriend. Sadly, their relationship wasn't to last as he went travelling around the world with his estranged dad by the end of the season. But that wasn't the end of Darlene's story as she initially returned to the BBC comedy-drama in season 11 as a suspect. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.In season 11, episode five, a murder had taken place at the rehab centre where Darlene worked. The police thought she could have been the one to commit murder but thankfully her name was cleared and she later became a civilian staff member at the Honoré Police Station. It was then revealed at the end of the 2022 Christmas special that she applied for police officer training. So throughout series 12, Darlene has been helping with all the investigations as a trainee officer. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Death in Paradise's Ginny Holder has been acting on screen since the early 1990s with her first role in an episode of the drama Finney. She went on to feature in Crocodile Shoes, The Knock, Wing Commander and The Bill. Her first major part came in 2002 when she was Rosa Marshall in the soap opera Family Affairs on Channel 5. Holder's biggest role to date came a few years later in the shape of a BBC One drama. The Death in Paradise star was Thandie Adebe in season nine of the popular medical drama Holby City. She left the show after one series before making a comeback a few years later for season 12. After this, Holder was in DCI Banks, Doctors, MotherFatherSon, Avenue 5 and Ragdoll. Bar Death in Paradise, her latest part was in both seasons of The Capture as DI Nadia Latif. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]Death in Paradise boss shares update on BBC show's future [UPDATE]Strictly Come Dancing star lands role in Beyond Paradise [CAST] Previously discussing Darlene's past with Dwayne, Holder believes her character would get back with her ex-boyfriend if he did return to the island. She said: "Do you know what I think? I think she would [get back together with him] because he was such a cheeky character…she would be tempted because they had quite a close bond. "They had a good bond. They had a nice relationship, a really nice relationship so yeah. Yeah, she would!" Death in Paradise episode six will air on Friday, February 10, at 9pm on BBC One. The synopsis for the episode reads: "Neville receives an anonymous letter telling them a murder is about to be committed. "Not long after, he and Naomi are called to the harbour when a body is pulled from the ocean. "The victim suffered blunt trauma and it is soon suggested that his disgruntled wife may be a person of interest. "Marlon returns after taking a short holiday following his disappointing exam results." Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.