Red Bull unveiled their new RB19 model in New York on Friday - or so everyone thought. Christian Horner's team are looking to continue their dominance from the 2022 season, where Max Verstappen won the drivers' title by a mammoth 146 points from Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc. The team also took a first Constructors' title since 2013, having adapted to F1's new era of regulations considerably better than arch rivals Mercedes. Although their campaign was not without controversy, with the team having been found guilty of breaching the budget cap in 2021. It's resulted in a £6 million fine and 10% reduction in wind tunnel time, although Verstappen doesn't believe the sanctions will affect his title chances. But it's been questioned as to how close the car they showed off in New York was to the real thing.It appears that on display was actually last year's RB18, with only the livery changed. The actual RB19 will not make its first appearance until pre-season testing in Bahrain, which will form the first real indication of where the leading teams are at. JUST IN: Max Verstappen agrees with Valtteri Bottas as Lewis Hamilton and co gagged by FIA And according to Racing News 365, the steering wheel, the steering column, the wheel rims and other minor elements will all be different on the RB19. But in terms of appearance, the new car will be practically indistinguishable from the previous single-seater. Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey has long followed the mantra of not giving rivals key insight. Therefore, it is no surprise that the team didn't give too much away about the actual design, or the areas where significant developments have been made. DON'T MISS:F1 drivers banding together as 'concerns' raised to spark more arguments before new seasonMax Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton's claim he has a 'problem' with Mercedes starMax Verstappen shuts down 'absurd' claim made about him by Red Bull chief Helmut Marko  Team Principal Horner has already expressed concerns that his team will be impacted by the reduced wind tunnel time in 2023. He also expects a much tougher challenge from the Silver Arrows and the Scuderia. I think it's going to be much more competitive this year," he told the Daily Mail. "I think Ferrari and Mercedes will have, for sure, made progress, and I think we don't actually know the full impact that the [cost cap] handicap will have on us yet."