Fantasy Premier League managers will be looking to move up their mini-league tables courtesy of hauls from their players this weekend. With Manchester City back in form following a 3-1 victory over Arsenal on Wednesday night, managers could turn to Citizens players for their trip to Nottingham Forest providing players are fit. And there were injury updates from the likes of Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea ahead of the weekend. Manchester United injured trio Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag will make a late call on Anthony Martial, Antony and Scott McTominay when his side host Leicester on Sunday. Martial and Antony in particular could be in the minds of FPL players as they are relatively cheap and carry an excellent goalscoring threat. And when asked whether any of the stars could make a comeback against the Foxes, Ten Hag said: “Maybe. We have to wait until tomorrow. Maybe one or two players can return, yeah.” Van Dijk update FPL stalwart Virgil van Dijk returned to the bench on Monday night as Liverpool defeated Everton 2-0 in the Merseyside derby. And Reds manager Jurgen Klopp told the media that the centre-back looks “absolutely ready” to feature against Newcastle on Saturday evening. “Same squad as Monday night,” the German added. “Ibou [Konate] not yet, Luis [Diaz] not yet. But that's it pretty much. Nothing happened on injury side. Thiago out. Calvin [Ramsay] had surgery, not available.” READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar have plans for first appointment if Glazers sell   Sterling and Chilwell could feature Chelsea boss Graham Potter should be able to call upon FPL hero Raheem Sterling as well as Ben Chilwell when his side host Southampton on Saturday. Sterling has missed the last two games after injuring his knee, while Chilwell has been eased back into action in recent weeks after returning from a long-term hamstring problem. “It’s positive,” Potter explained on Friday. “We’re going to train later on this afternoon, so providing they come through that okay there’s a good chance they’ll be in the squad. With Ben, the challenge for us at the moment is managing his return. He had 30 minutes against West Ham, 60 minutes against [Borussia] Dortmund. So we’ll make that call probably tonight or tomorrow, as to the extent that he can play - but it’s certainly something we have to be mindful of.” DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'    Jesus still out Gabriel Jesus was in electric form during the first part of the season, with a whole host of the top FPL managers including the Brazil international in their squads. But he hasn’t played since injuring himself at the World Cup in Qatar. And after Arsenal lost to Pep Guardiola’s City side, Gunners boss Mikel Arteta revealed that Jesus won’t be returning for a while. “He’s in a good moment [with] the rehab right now, but he hasn’t even trained with the team,” said the Spaniard. “So he’s still a few weeks off.” In Haaland we trust Manchester City striker Erling Haaland was triple-captained by a plethora of FPL managers for his double game week against Aston Villa and Arsenal. But after being brought off at half-time against the Villans, there was great concern among the FPL community. The Norway international returned to score against the Gunners and will be fit to play against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground on Saturday. Defender John Stones, however, is still unavailable. 