Caleb Milligan (played by Will Ash) made his Emmerdale debut as Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) long-lost brother in December. The pair had not seen each other for decades, but Caleb was quick to introduce himself to the rest of the Dingle family. Nobody has questioned the soap newcomer's motives or backstory, but fans are convinced the real Caleb is actually "dead" and the person on their screens is an imposter plotting against Cain.  During the episode, Caleb started playing football with Cain's son Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) outside The Woolpack while Cain and his sister Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) watched on. Chas said: "It must be strange getting to know his roots, and you finally letting him." "It was bound to happen, eventually," Cain replied to Chas who could not believe the hard man could let go of his grudge against Caleb. "For once I think you're being honest and that's refreshing," she said. "I mean, blimey, look at Cain doing the mature thing. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah "Well, that makes one of us because Al [Chapman] is still dead, and you are still to blame. "I am not ready to forgive you and I doubt I ever will be." At the end of the episode, Caleb approached Cain and the mechanic appeared to finally let his guard down. Cain half smiled at Caleb before driving off home, but the newcomer then made a shocking phone call.  "It's me, can you talk?" Caleb said to the mystery caller. "It looks like we are finally making headway." The instalment ended on a cliffhanger where Caleb said: "We keep reeling [Cain] in until we get what we want." Viewers flocked to Twitter following the episode to comment on Caleb's scheming, with some believing he is an imposter and not the real Caleb. Julie Reed penned: "Why do they have to spoil it, I wanted Cain and Caleb to be proper brothers, now we know Caleb is up to something #emmerdale?" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale teases 'explosive' fallout over Charity's baby bombshell [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley left 'concerned' over co-star's stunt [LATEST]Emmerdale's beloved couple torn apart as boss confirms split [INSIGHT] @TwellyWatcher theorised: "Caleb's looking like an undercover cop, felt like it was coming for a while... He probably isn't the real Caleb - I bet the real Caleb died! #Emmerdale. Calling it now!" Char said: "Knew Caleb was too good to be true. We literally know nothing about him, he just rocked up and no one said anything #Emmerdale." Lizzie Edwards shared: "#Emmerdale Maybe Caleb is DI Malone's brother, not Cain Dingle's." @Sonderchord said: "My gut says Caleb and Nicky are working together #emmerdale."  Leanne Murphy added: "Don't think Caleb is Cain and Chas's brother, Caleb is dead and he's posing as him! "He's working with either Jamie Tate or Joe Tate, hence going into business with Kim [Tate] #Emmerdale." Who is Caleb plotting with and does he really share his DNA with the Dingle family after all? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITVX and ITV. 