I arrived at Fodele Beach Resort late - around 9pm. Even at that time, there was a buzz of people enjoying the outdoor entertainment and saying 'cheers' (or I should say 'Yiamas') in the indoor and outdoor bars. After a long day of travelling, my first thought was where to get some food. However, finding somewhere to eat was no issue as I soon discovered late dinner is served until 11pm. After a quick bite, I checked into my room. It was large and modern with a view of the ocean. I settled in in preparation for a few days exploring what the hotel and local area had to offer.  The facilities at the hotel were a personal highlight for me. No matter your age or what you like to do, there was something to keep everyone entertained. The waterpark Located at the top of the resort was a waterpark filled with seven slides and a couple of pools. It is private to the hotel guests which meant there were very few queues and plenty of room to set up camp. Each of the slides was up to the standard you would expect at any waterpark and getting on the slides quickly was definitely a bonus. While I only felt the urge to visit once, I can imagine it keeping children entertained for multiple days. Once you have had your fill of the rides you can relax by the pool with a soft drink, beer or snack served at the Windmill Cafe. Sports Feeling energetic? Next to the waterpark was a minigolf course and archery for guests to enjoy. Down by the ocean, active holidaymakers could enjoy beach volleyball which organised friendly competitions running there most days I was there. There was outdoor table tennis and of course, a daily water gym class held in the main pool. The spa For those who would rather relax and pamper on holiday (and who could blame you!) various treatments are available at the on-site spa. I booked a full body massage which began with an intensive questionnaire. Spending a lot of time sitting at a desk I gave my go-to preference of a 'firm' massage and it did not disappoint. I felt my muscles relax as every knot was smoothed out and I would go as far as to say it was one of the best treatments I have ever received. Of course, you can request massages that focus more on deep relaxation if that is your preference.   Pools and the beach Aside from the various sports, treatments and water fun on offer, holidaymakers can also spend their day at the fully-fitted gym or relaxing by the pool or private beach. The main pool was located next to the gym and spa and there was a fun atmosphere with activities in the morning and music played throughout the day. There was no shortage of sun loungers during my visit, however this was at a quiet time of year and it may be busier in peak summer months. A morning of swimming and relaxing in the sun is sure to build up an appetite, and just a short walk from the pool you can pick up a snack and drink from F All Day Restaurant, opening 10am-6pm. If you are more of an ocean diver than a pool paddler, the hotel had plenty of sun loungers at a private spot on the beach. Frankie's Beach Club was also on hand where you could pick up a light bite or refreshing drink. This is where various water sports could be booked for an extra charge.  As well as a choice of indoor and outdoor bars to relax in in the evenings, there was a selection of entertainment put on each night. This included a Greek night with traditional music and dancing, a disco on another night and a variety performance on the outdoor stage. There is also an arcade if you want to create your own entertainment. Going hungry will not be a problem for any guests of the hotel. No matter which part of the park you are at, there are snacks and drinks available nearby, with food served from 6am-11pm. There are also a number of bars where you can grab a drink, however it's worth noting cocktails can only be purchased in the evenings. Beer, wine and spirits and soft drinks are available throughout the day. Basilikos restaurant Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, the buffet was a failsafe option for filling up. You never know what to expect at a hotel buffet, but Fodele offered a rotating menu which meant there were fresh options every day and lots to choose from. As well as meals of the day, there were crowd pleasers such as freshly baked pizza, fish, chips and, of course, Greek salad always available. Drinks are self-service which I found slightly unusual for a 5-star, but it didn't prove much of an issue as there were rarely queues during my visit. Ambrosia The hotel has two a la carte restaurants that guests can book into during their stay. I dined Italian-themed restaurant Ambrosia one evening and enjoyed a delicious three-course meal. A personal highlight was the mushroom risotto. It was full of flavour and I received a generously sized portion. House wine can be ordered by the glass, with additional wines available for purchase. Elia While Greek food was available at the buffet, Elia elevated the native cuisine in the Greek-themed restaurant. Diners can choose up to four courses with a menu packed full of local delicacies. Of course I had a Greek salad, which was the perfect combination of sharp and refreshing flavours, and I sampled a particularly delicious phyllo cheese for my starter. Fodele is conveniently located at a stunning beach and just a 30 minute drive from the airport for those flying in. There are also plenty of day trips to enjoy on the island of Crete. Why not head into the local town of Fodele, or venture a bit further to enjoy a drink and a meal in the beautiful old town of Rethymno? Travel to the other side of the island to see the gorgeous Plakias beach, which has lovely clear waters and lots of bars to grab a relaxing drink. I found the staff lovely and the hotel modern. The a la carte restaurants were impressive and the spa treatments get my full backing! If looking for a family-friendly break where everything is taken care of, Fodele is a great option to go for. A seven-night stay at Fodele Beach costs from £1,172 per room based on two sharing a double room on an all-inclusive basis in May 2023. The price excludes flights. Book at www.fodelebeach.gr. Flights to Heraklion with easyJet start from £143pp in May 2023.