The portrayal of Meghan Markle's parody character in South Park will hopefully be an "eye opener" for the Sussexes, royal biographer Angela Levin has said. The expert commented on a particular scene in the the satirical show which bashed the Duke and Duchess. In the show, the Prince and Princess of Canada - who closely resemble Harry and Meghan - go on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" while the Prince has written a tell-all book titled Waaagh. At the end of the episode, Prince Harry, or rather the Prince of Canada, decides he doesn't want to be a "brand" anymore. "Trying to make ourselves into a brand just turned us into products," he explains to the Princess of Canada. "We don’t need to be a brand do we. If it’s truly what we want we can get away from it all. No more magazines and Netflix shows. We really can lead a normal life." He tells his wife what really matters is on the inside before opening her mouth to have a look. He then shouts "hello" only to hear an echo. "You realise there's nothing there," Ms Levin said on TalkTV. "That was an incredible statement, that they think of her as callous, superficial, not caring about anyone else." She added: "I think that that was a real knock on the head."  The royal biographer said she hoped the South Park episode would be an "eye opener" for the Duke and Duchess and that they would "change their spots". "I think that they have to be very careful, I hope that they'll learn a lesson: that ordinary people can actually make it harder for them and reply whereas [other] royals can't, in part because of their positions. Then [they'll] realise they've actually been rather nasty," Ms Levin opined. Meghan and Harry are set to be invited to the King's Coronation, however Ms Levin said she "can't imagine" Meghan, 41, will come. Meghan and Harry's son Archie's fourth birthday is on the same date, May 6, leading some royal watchers to speculate that the Duchess will stay home and miss the event. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry are now 'international laughing stocks'  Since the scathing South Park episode, the Sussexes have seen another drop in their popularity in the US, according to recent polling. A Redfield and Wilton survey conducted for Newsweek revealed that Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. The Duke's approval rating has tanked by 48 points since December 5, when he registered a positive net score of +38. Since then, the Duke and Duchess released their Netflix docuseries while Harry dropped his tell-all, Spare. Meghan's ratings also fell as her +23 positive in December collapsed to -17 percent in February, having stood at -13 percent in January just after Spare was released. 