Chelsea reportedly believe that they can make Joao Felix's loan move from Atletico Madrid permanent at the end of the season. The Blues have already discussed a plan of action with the La Liga giants, who could pounce on a chance to cash in when the transfer window opens in the summer. Felix arrived at Stamford Bridge in January after an apparent falling out with Atletico boss Diego Simeone. His first foray into the Premier League got off to a rocky start as he was shown a red card on his debut against Fulham, suspending him from competitive action for almost a month. Before being given his marching orders, the Portuguese was hugely impressive against the Cottagers, and he crowned his comeback with a goal at West Ham's London Stadium on Saturday. Chelsea will hope that Felix can continue to provide them with extra bite up top, having lacked in that department so far this season. The 23-year-old is on a simple loan deal with no option to buy, but reports indicate that the Blues stand a good chance of making the move permanent if they wish to do so as talks have already been held with Atletico Madrid. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m According to transfer expert Ben Jacobs, Chelsea held discussions over a 'post-loan plan' for Felix when they thrashed out his January loan move. The club are supposedly 'confident' that they can sign the former Golden Ball winner if his early Premier League form continues. The silky forward is unlikely to be keen on a return to Atleti, particularly if he enjoys his football at Chelsea, due to rumoured friction behind the scenes. The Rojiblancos could demand over £100million to recoup most of the mammoth sum they forked out in 2019, but the Blues have shown a willingness to splash out when a good opportunity presents itself. DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light Chelsea are paying a huge £9.7m fee to take Felix on loan for the rest of the season, while also covering his eye-watering wages. Such a hefty outlay for a temporary solution may not make sense for co-owner Todd Boehly unless he feels as though the youngster could feasibly remain in west London. Felix has already spoken out on his future and he refused to rule anything out, while hinting that Simeone's plans could effectively make up his mind. "They don’t have a purchase option. They would have to reach an agreement with Atletico," he told AS. "I’ve only been here a few weeks, a month. I am learning everything. I am very comfortable but nobody knows the future. "I was already looking for a change of scene a while ago because it was difficult to get used to the way of playing. I left [Atletico] because my head was already full from trying so hard and not being able to. "It had to be in this market and I think it has been good for Atletico and for me too. I don’t know what is going to happen in my life, nor is it known what will happen with Cholo [Diego Simeone], as I said, we will have to wait until June."