According to new research, almost £29million has been spent on maintaining thousands of speed cameras across the UK between 2018 and 2022. The investigation, from carwow, found that councils spent £3.2million, police forces paid £4.6million and transport authorities a staggering £20.9million in the time period. These costs cover the maintenance spends of 26 local councils, the 15 police forces who provided costs, as well as Transport for London (TfL), Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) and Transport Scotland. TfL had the highest costs of any organisation, with the capital’s transport agency telling carwow it spent an average of £3.63million each year maintaining and repairing the network of 827 fixed and 135 average speed cameras under its responsibility. This equates to £3,773 being spent on each camera, per year in maintenance costs alone. Transport Scotland, meanwhile, spent £2.28million maintaining 165 fixed cameras and nine average-speed zones, with Transport for Greater Manchester spending a shade under £450,000 running the 142 fixed camera housings, and two average cameras it had data for. READ MORE: UK motorists face 'incredibly high' costs when driving in Europe For comparison, North East Lincolnshire Council spent £118,965 from 2018-2022 on the “maintenance, calibration and support costs” of just one Truvelo fixed speed camera, situated on the A16 Peaks Parkway in Grimsby. Drivers found to be speeding usually receive three penalty points and a £100 fine, with around 50 percent of detected drivers taking speed awareness courses. Based on this, carwow estimates the revenue from the speed cameras it has information on totalled around £391million from 2018-22, with the money going to the Treasury’s Consolidated Fund. Many authorities shared their costs for running their speed cameras, but others declined on the basis that doing so could impact their ability to negotiate future maintenance contracts. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of fines and points for using a dashcam incorrectly [WARNING]Caravan owners risk 'costly' £3,900 repair bill when driving [IMPORTANT]Hybrid cars pollute more than advertised in cities and on commutes [SHOCKING] Some police forces, meanwhile, declined to share the number of speed cameras in their jurisdiction on the basis of crime prevention. Nonetheless, the average spend by police forces who told us of their costs was just under £63,000 a year. Lancashire police spent the most out of any constabulary on maintaining speed cameras, with costs totalling just over £944,000 between 2018 and 2022. Of this, £730,051 was incurred maintaining eight average speed-camera zones, including “maintenance, calibration, support, managed service and hardware refreshment". READ MORE: Drivers warned of viral defrosting tips which may crack windscreen The police also spent £214,341 running 24 fixed speed cameras, though the force noted these costs do “not include back office maintenance, data or adjudication costs.” Hugo Griffiths, consumer editor at carwow, said: “Speed cameras are exposed to the elements and work hard, issuing millions of tickets each year, so periodic maintenance and calibration are essential to ensure they reliably and accurately measure speed. “What’s interesting, though, is how patchwork arrangements are when it comes to funding speed-camera maintenance: some are managed by local councils, others by police forces or transport authorities, while speed-camera partnerships see organisations band together to run networks of cameras; plus third-party companies are often commissioned to carry out actual works. “Given this, it’s hardly surprising that some maintenance contracts appear to offer better value than others, with one organisation paying around £25,000 a year to run just one camera, and others spending half that amount for over 20 [years]. “Clearly, a more joined-up approach to funding camera care makes sense from a logistical and economic perspective. “But regardless of this, as well as enforcing road laws, speed cameras represent a strong return on investment: nationally, we estimate that they cost £5.7million each year to run, while bringing £78.3million in speeding-fine revenue into central Government.” Essex County Council topped the list of council spenders with total costs of £1.1million over five years, though this is covered on behalf of the Highway Authorities by the Safer Essex Roads Partnership. Authorities told carwow that cameras detected 7.8 million speeding drivers between 2018 and 2022, equivalent to 1.56 million tickets a year - although only 35 of the UK’s 45 forces provided this data.