As we have witnessed from the unusually timed speech of Chancellor Hunt, it must be challenging to rediscover a commitment to a growth economy when one is the author of the anti growth coalition. Chancellor Hunt says he wants to replace “declinism” with “energy, optimism and entrepreneurialism” fine words expressing the right idea, but which are belied by his actions and statements to the contrary. The Chancellor appears to be living in a looking glass world, akin to the hall of mirrors at the Pleasure Beach, not quite sure who is the real Mr Hunt and only sure that what he sees is back to front, safe and stable before growth, rather than because of it. Firstly, Mr Hunt is still trotting out the narrative, swallowed by many in the mainstream media, that the mini budget was the root cause of instability last autumn. That £45 billion of temporary borrowing in order to provide tax cuts and kick start growth, in an economy which had the lowest debt to GDP ratio in the G7, was destabilising. Nonsense! The loss of value of sterling was a consequence of the Bank of England (BoE) being too slow to follow the US Fed on interest rates, which in turn was caused by a regime related to bonds in the pensions sector which left funds exposed to interest rate rises (hence the tardiness of the BoE) and liquidity problems because of fix term investments. These two latter problems can be laid at the door of decisions made by the FCA some years ago. No wonder the Governor of the BoE (and formerly head of the FCA) was keen to pin market woes on the newly elected Ms Truss. How convenient for Messrs Sunak and Hunt that unelected power could be seized on the back of a safe and stable platform, echoes of May and Hammond. The rub is that they had to trash the idea of growth in order to achieve this very British coup and instead go for yet more austerity. Difficult to backtrack towards growth without revealing their true motives one might say. In any event the £45 billion for tax cuts was “pip squeak” by comparison with the energy support package forced upon the country by insane, virtue signalling, Net Zero policies, something which is in the gift of the government to tackle given that we have ample hydrocarbon reserves and nuclear technology. And yet the Chancellor chooses not to. Mr Hunt says that he wants to reduce corporation tax, but not now, only when stability allows. Any entrepreneur knows that you cannot save your way to success but must trade your way to prosperity. Cutting corporation tax now would stimulate growth, prosperity, tax receipts and thus stability, so why not pursue it? As with other tax cuts, deregulation and the pursuit of the benefits of Brexit, they all lead to growth, improved tax receipts and wealth creation. The stultifying environment of which Mr Hunt speaks is really one partially of his own making. Government and Whitehall seem to be in the thrall of economic models which, as with any scientific model of a non linear nature, is likely to be fundamentally flawed. Empiricism is a much better option. Look at the evidence of what works. The OBR forecasts and Treasury model predictions are often historically, way off the mark, so why base forecasts let alone policy on them? It is self fulfilling madness since the erroneous forecasts themselves can affect market behaviour and produce negative sentiment. By contrast we know that the stimulus provided by J M Keynes following war, pandemic and slump worked, albeit via public spending. So did the policies of Messrs Reagan and Thatcher via deregulation, tax cuts and private sector stimulus. I fear that the current administration is hell bent on creating the recession that they predicted. They are exhibiting a sort of Munchausen syndrome whereby they must metaphorically break our economic legs in order to claim the credit for nursing us back to economic health. We are caught once again in the 1970’s trap. Then having lived through a Hong King flu pandemic in 1969 followed by a Middle East war and energy price shock, (sounds familiar), the country was in a poor state: inflation, strikes, a useless and bloated public sector. Furthermore the country had no political choice, the “mulch in the middle” was the preferred ground of the vested interests of both “Tory” Conservatives and Union dominated Labour. I remember feeling that the country was heading for ruin through division, lack of political direction and determination. We desperately needed to decide who we were and what we were for. The nation needed to be properly socialist or properly capitalist to at least move forward. Then came along a “Whig“ Conservative. Mrs Thatcher didn’t get everything right, she overreached on the reduction in manufacturing and was for some time conned re the true nature of the eu single market, but her “Whig” Conservative policies of enterprise, self help and growth revitalised the country. She lasted a lot longer than Ms Truss but even she was felled by the forces of vested interests and “declinism”. Unfortunately the protectionist Tories are back in charge and if they are the mulch in the middle, Mr Hunt would likely be the Daisy growing on the top.