Now could be a very good time to upgrade your Fire TV Stick with Amazon currently offering some big discounts on these popular streaming devices. The online retailer has just launched a major sale event across many of its own-brand products and some of the best new Fire TV gadgets are now reduced in price including the fully rebooted Fire TV Cube and ultimate Max streaming Stick. These limited-time deals mean you can get the Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote for £29.99 - saving £10 or the Fire TV Max for £44.99 - also saving £10. As a quick reminder, the Fire TV Max offers full 4K video playback and is also Wi-Fi 6 compatible which allows it to stream at faster and more reliable speeds. Want to know more? Read our full Fire TV Max review Both of these Sticks also get the Alexa remote which lets you search for content using simple voice commands. If those gadgets don't sound feature-packed enough then Amazon has also slashed the price of its new Fire TV Cube with this set-top box now costing £119.99 - that's a £20 saving. The Fire TV Cube offers 4K viewing and hands-free Alexa which means you can bark orders at the chatty assistant without reaching for the remote. Another nice feature of the Cube is that it can be used as a mini smart speaker thanks to in-built audio. Want to know more? Read our full Fire TV Cube review Of course, all of these devices include easy access to all of the most popular streaming apps including Disney+, Prime Video, Netflix and ITVX. Here are all the best Fire TV deals Fire TV Stick • NOW £29.99 - SAVE £10The standard Fire TV Stick 4K offers full access to all of the biggest streaming platforms and even includes an Alexa Voice remote. The only thing to note is that it can only stream content in HD and isn't compatible with 4K.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K • NOW £39.99 - SAVE £10The Fire TV Stick 4K does exactly what it says on the tin with this device able to stream content to TVs in glorious 4K quality. That means users will be treated to a pin-sharp image when watching the latest blockbusters or bingeing on boxsets.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K Max • NOW £44.99 - SAVE £10If you want the best of the best then the Fire TV Stick Max should be top of your wishlist. This device is not only Ultra HD compatible but is also faster and more reliable thanks to an improved processor and Wi-Fi 6 technology.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Cube • NOW £119 - SAVE £20The ultimate streaming box is now cheaper than ever. The new Fire Cube includes hands-free Alexa plus there's a speaker tucked under its shell which transforms it into a mini Echo device.SEE THE DEAL HERE Along with these deals on Fire TV Sticks, Amazon has also slashed prices across its other range of devices including the Echo smart speakers and Kindles. The new deals include 45 percent off the Echo Dot which drops this device down to just £29.99. SEE THE DOT DEAL HERE If you fancy a new Kindle Reader you'll find these digital books now starting from just £74.99. That low price is for the all-new Kindle which includes a 6-inch 300 ppi high-resolution display and double the storage. SEE THE KINDLE DEALS HERE