Banksy has painted a mural near Kyiv that honours Ukraine's resistance to Russia and, despite his closely guarded identity, spoke with local mother Yula Patoku as he worked. As she talked with the painter, Ms Patoku was totally oblivious as to his status as an iconic artist back in Britain. Yula and her daughter Zlata met the enigmatic artist on the street in Borodianka outside Kyiv while he was painting the piece, which features a young child throwing a man in a martial arts battle. The piece of art is probably meant to represent Ukraine's struggle against Russian aggression, which has been continuing since 2014, when Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine and backed separatists in the east Yula told the Daily Mirror: "I chatted with Banksy, not knowing who he was, as he created this artwork and when he spoke to my daughter she told him she liked it. "She told Banksy she thought it was like a child saving his father from being attacked by a monster – a bit like Ukraine rescuing the world from something evil, like Russia. "The image is Ukraine beating Russia for sure but it is different perhaps from a child’s eyes. Others see it as the young Ukraine battering the evil terrorism of older Russia." Banksy is believed to have travelled to Borodianka in the Kyiv region of Ukraine to create the artwork on a broken wall that had been damaged by artillery and warplane strikes launched by the Russian military. Borodianka, located approximately 25 miles west of Kyiv, was the site of intense fighting between Ukrainian forces and Russian forces during the opening exchanges of the invasion. The town was heavily damaged during the fighting, and the artwork created by Banksy is a reminder of the devastation and violence that took place in the region.  Yula's sister Oksana Koroni said: "This place was devastated by those monsters. Who would do such a thing?" 47-year-old married mother of two added: “I love this artwork. "For me it is youthful and potent, defiant Ukraine fighting and winning against the monster of Russia – or President Zelensky beating Putin in a fight. "It will be here forever as a reminder of how we stood up to Putin.” DON'T MISS:The free world is in danger as tyrants re-arm and threaten once more [INSIGHT]Harris and Biden ‘detached from reality’ says GOP [SPOTLIGHT]Plastic surgeon on Jill Biden's amazingly youthful looks age 71 [REVEAL] The artwork is now so significant to the community that Ukrainian authorities have built a plastic enclosure around it. Potential vandals are advised that if they approach too closely, motion sensors will send a "rapid response team" to the scene. The artwork is one of seven Bansky is believed to have displayed in Ukraine.