Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have become a "laughing stock" in the US following their appearance in the new episode of South Park, said one royal commentator. Nile Gardiner branded the depiction of the "prince of Canada and his wife's" quest to find privacy as "highly accurate". The animated satire does not name the couple but it appears to poke fun at Harry's tell-all memoir and the pair's various media pursuits. Other royal commentators have piled in on the South Park spoof, with royal biographer Angela Levin tweeting: "Ouch! This is cringe-making stuff." Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer also took to Twitter, saying: "So the makers of South Park have lampooned Harry and Meghan mercilessly, much more so than the teaser hinted. "A sign the Sussexes have really made it in the US or further evidence of a loss of support?" American viewers did not mince their words either, with Vicky from New York tweeting: "Indeed they have become a laughing stock." READ MORE: America 'falling out of love' with Harry and Meghan after 'vile' attack on Royal Family She added that "the South Park episode is a much deserved and scathing reflection of Harry and Meghan’s real-life self-glorification", suggesting the couple had reached "parodic level". Mike from Wisconsin praised South Park's creators for the depiction, tweeting: "God bless Trey Parker and Matt Stone." The episode, which aired on Wednesday night, begins with the news that the Queen of Canada, who resembles the late Queen Elizabeth II, has died. The young couple are shown attending her funeral, but at the ceremony they get booed by the rest of the family for “bashing the Canadian monarchy”. DON'T MISSDonald Trump is 'own worst enemy', ex-aide says [INSIGHT]Train carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan [LATEST]Man frozen to death in prison walk-in freezer [REPORT] The Sussexes then appear on a breakfast television show, called Good Morning Canada, holding placards that read “we want privacy” and “stop looking at us”. A reference to the Duke's memoir, Spare, was also made, as the host of the programme showed to the public the memoir - titled "Waaagh" in the cartoon. Meghan and Harry eventually relocated, in a bid to find privacy, to the small town of South Park, and bought their new home just next door to Kyle's. The house, drawn in typical South Park style, looked decorated with signs asking people to "respect our privacy" and "leave us alone". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's South Park 'rinsing' is how most Americans feel about them, says Piers Fictional Meghan and Harry could be seen dancing outside of the house and playing polo on the lawn, causing distress to their neighbour Kyle. In one scene from the programme, the youngster complained to his friends about being driven "crazy" by the royals, saying he was "sick of hearing about them" but he "can't get away from them". One of his friends, Stan, replied: "Look, Kyle, we just kind of don't care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife." After the Sussexes were seen struggling to get the attention they "didn't want", they headed to the same agency Kyle was also consulting in a bid to change their brand. The second episode of the 26th season of South Park began with a disclaimer explaining that all characters - even if they're based on real people - are indeed fictional. Polling suggests Americans have been in on the joke for a while now. A striking survey of 2,000 eligible voters for Newsweek last month found Harry and Meghan's popularity had waned following the release of Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare.