 The treatments used by the doctor who helped Novak Djokovic with his hamstring injury at the Australian Open have been revealed. The world No 1 flew in Dr. Marijana Kovacevic during his run to the title thanks to her reputation for successfully treating the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Frank Lampard and Robin van Persie. Another doctor - Nenad Dikic - has now given an insight into the process used by Kovacevic after visiting to see her work in action.  Djokovic was carrying a hamstring injury during his run to a record 10th Australian Open title. He paid to fly in Kovacevic to help with the issue which proved more than successful as the world No 1 even personally thanked her following his win. While Kovacevic is a well-known name in the sporting world, having worked with the likes of Ronaldo and with Liverpool FC, little is known about her methods. She has previously been referred to as the “placenta doctor” following rumours that she used the placenta to treat her patients. But Dikic has now debunked those myths as he explained the process the Serbian specialist uses after previously visiting her, on request of an anti-doping agency, when some were confused over why Kovacevic was so in demand English footballers. “One day, I received a call from the English Anti-Doping Agency, and I know those people personally,” Dikic - a professor of sports medicine from the Faculty of Physical Education and Sports - told Telegraf Sport. “They called me and said ‘Dr. Dikic, let's see what our football players are doing in Belgrade and why they are coming.’ It was Frank Lampard, then the captain of the national team and Chelsea. I tell them that they are coming for recovery. However, they insist: ‘So what do you have there that we don't have in England?’” JUST IN: Murray ex-coach has Nadal comeback advice with 18-year run threatened Having been sent to visit Kovacevic, Dikic revealed that he was given an insight into the treatment she uses and revealed that it was a “regular therapy” despite some aspects remaining secret. He continued: “And then I was asked by them to go and see what kind of therapy it was. I went with Dr. Marija Anđelkovic to Dr. Marijana Kovacevic, to see what it was, and she showed us what therapy she was carrying out.” Explaining exactly what she did, he added: “Actually, it is electrophoresis (it works on the principle of an electric field in which the DNA molecule moves through the mixture.. ed. author) of certain substances, which we do not know what they are, because it is actually a secret. This electrophoresis of substances is done in a magnetic field, which is a regular therapy.” And Dikic was quick to shut down any rumours that she used placentas to treat athletes though admitted he was disappointed that Kovacevic wouldn’t publicly come out and defend her therapies against doubters who thought they were too unconventional. “They accused her of using the placenta, of using various things, but she denied it,” he said. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic told several young stars can ruin Wimbledon hopesStefanos Tsitsipas 'splits with Mouratoglou' as coach focuses on rivalTennis star fights tears after helping injured opponent in horror fall “After all, all those procedures she did, she did on the best soccer players, who were tested multiple times and all of them were clean. So if she was using something illegal it would be revealed. “However, I, as a doctor and expert, am sorry that she did not prove scientifically what she proved to us verbally, which is that that muscle recovered and that after the rupture it had, it returned to normal.” While the process to prove that her treatments were legit would be an easy one, Dikic said it was customary for doctors to take one another’s word in Serbia and understood why Kovacevic wouldn’t speak publicly. “It is simply a research before and after, an ultrasound is done and to show that she is able to do it, she should receive the Nobel Prize. I don't know why she didn't do that, but still, we have an oral tradition that something works, regardless of whether it has scientific support,” he explained. 