Dr Emma Derbyshire, Public Health Nutritionist and adviser to British Berry Growers explained why Love Fresh Berries' recipes are so beneficial for the immune system. She said: "Winter is upon us, bringing with it a flurry of colds and viruses. Children tend to be particularly susceptible as their immunity is only just starting to build and they typically learn and play in close circles. Incorporating fresh fruits into their diets, such as berries, is a great way to boost children’s vitamin C intake and benefit from the antimicrobial and anti-viral properties that berries are increasingly becoming known for." This recipe is a simple twist on straight jelly - adding in fruit and yogurt or milk makes for a delicious and more nutritious kids lunch or snack. Makes: Four Prep time: 10 minutes plus setting time Ingredients: Method: Dissolve the jelly crystals in 285ml/half a pint hot water from the kettle, stirring until completely dissolved. Leave to cool for 15 minutes. Blitz the strawberries to a puree in a blender or mash by hand. Mix with the yogurt and stir into the cooled jelly. Pour into small lidded pots or jelly moulds. Drop a few berries into each pot before chilling until set. You can make these up to two days beforehand. READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign should avoid 3 things or risk 'irreversible harm' Tuna Pasta Lunch Box An easy lunch box for kids or adults. Serves: Two Prep time: 10 minutes Cook time: 10 to 12 minutes Ingredients:  Method: Bring a pan of water to the boil, add the pasta and cook according to the pack instructions. Drain and rinse in cold water. Flake the tuna into the pasta, mix in the mayonnaise then stir in the strawberries and cucumber. Pack into a lunch box with the carrot and pepper batons. Tip: This is a great use of left over cooked pasta and can be prepped the night before. Omit the tuna, add in some chickpeas or kidney beans and use a plant based mayo if you prefer. READ MORE: How star sign influences your style - colours to look 'irresistible' A weekend treat - the strawberries ooze their juices and the marzipan melts sweetly into the fluffy croissant. Makes: Six Prep time: 10 minutes Cook time: 10 to 15 minutes Ingredients: Method: Preheat the oven to 200C/180C fan/gas mark 6. Line a baking tray with parchment or a reusable liner. Grate the marzipan with a large hole grater. Unroll the pack of croissant and separate the 6 triangles. Divide the marzipan and strawberry slices between the pieces of dough and gently roll up from the shortest side to the tip and shape into a croissant - rolling instructions are usually on the pack. Place each croissant on the baking tray, glaze with the egg if using and cook for 10 to 15 minutes until golden and risen. Cool on the tray for five minutes before moving to a wire rack. Serve warm. These are best eaten fresh from the oven but can be stored in an airtight container and refreshed in a hot oven for a few minutes. The glazing is not necessary but gives a deeper colour to the baked croissants.