Kate is now reportedly rebranding herself in order to win back popularity after Prince Harry's recent claims, aimed at the Royal Family, in his bombshell memoir, Spare. In the past five months, royal fans have witnessed Kate become the Princess of Wales, the title previously bestowed upon Princess Diana, and she has also started to expand her team to coincide with her newfound role. While the Duchess of Sussex has retreated to the shadows since the release of her husband's book, Kate is in the midst of a rebranding exercise. Ipsos recently conducted a poll which showed that Kate, who married Prince William in 2011, is viewed positively by 60 percent of the British population. In her quest to rebrand, Kate has appointed branding and marketing expert Alison Corfield to work as her new private secretary. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new Sussex rebrand Speaking of the people hired by the Royal Family, one royal insider recently told The Telegraph: "You can often see the ambitions of individual members of the Royal family by the hires that they make. "What the Princess of Wales is doing is a very clear sign that she is redefining herself now that she has this new role. "The role of heir, or wife of the heir, brings opportunities and also responsibilities as you represent the monarchy not only around the country but also around the world. "She has a greater platform now, so she needs the right team to deliver for her." READ MORE: Royal Family told to be 'smart' and 'seek peace' with Harry and Meghan ahead of Coronation Since the publication of Spare, which was released last month, Kate has rarely been out of the spotlight. The 41-year-old has most recently been seen out-and-about on royal visits to promote her work surrounding childhood and early years development. Last month saw the launch of Shaping Up, which highlights the importance of early years development of children. It was launched by the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood and is said to be Kate's "life's work". Kate, who is a proud mother of three children under ten, unveiled the new project on January 30, alongside a 90-second short film that depicted how a child is shaped by their environment and by social interactions. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] In her speech, Kate said: "The campaign is fundamentally about shining a spotlight on the critical importance of early childhood and how it shapes the adults we become. "During this time we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. And it is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others, and understand the world in which we live." She added that she is determined to "help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults." In his explosive memoir, Prince Harry detailed an explosive fallout that took place between his wife Meghan Markle and Kate during the lead up to the Sussexes wedding. Harry claimed his wife was left sobbing on the floor over texts Kate allegedly sent. In the memoir, Harry claims Kate sent his wife a message that read: "Charlotte’s dress is too big, too long, too baggy. She cried when she tried it on at home." Meghan allegedly asked Kate to have the dress altered by her on-hand tailor who was at Kensington Palace. According to Harry, Meghan responded: "Right, and I told you the tailor has been standing by since eight am. Here. At KP. Can you take Charlotte to have it altered, as the other moms are doing?” But the Princess of Wales suggested all the dresses needed to be remade, Prince Harry claimed in his book. Meghan replied: "I'm not sure what else to say. If the dress doesn't fit then please take Charlotte to see Ajay. He's been waiting all day." Kate, the Duke claimed, replied saying: "Fine".