Amanda Owen has revealed how she “toughened up” her children as they became famous following their star turn on the show Our Yorkshire Farm. The nine children have been subjected to cruel taunts on social media, including her eldest child, Raven, who has been accused of getting “lip filler”. In response, Amanda revealed: “I’ve got to toughen up. I've got to toughen them up. Living on a hill farm, you toughen up to the weather. “Maybe that's not the only thing that you have to get acclimatised to," she added to The Telegraph. Amanda revealed she is able to shrug off familiar criticism over her appearance, with fans claiming that she "doesn't look like a farmer". The Yorkshire Shepherdess recalls a social media user arguing she shouldn't be wearing a mini-skirt in her 40s. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon fans spot baby's name as star 'lets big clue slip' "I was on the moor chasing sheep around. I've always worn a skirt, with a pair of wellies, because it's comfortable. And that's it."  Amanda is mother to nine children, Raven, 22, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, nine, Clemmy, seven, and Nancy, six. Last year, she separated from her husband Clive Owen after 21 years of marriage. Broadcaster and friend of the Owen family Ben Fogle previously praised Amanda for her constant hard work and not being afraid to take risks. Whilst appearing on the Welcome to Yorkshire, Talkshire podcast with Caroline Nickle, Ben opened up about his first time meeting the Owen family. Caroline asked: "The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen and her amazing family, with nine children and sort of too many animals to even count, has become a big TV hit with Our Yorkshire Farm, and you met her in the early days!" Ben revealed: "I went to stay with Amanda and her family about five or six years ago as part of my series New Lives in the Wild. DONT MISS:Amanda Holden wows in thigh-split birthday dress as she gets odd cake (PHOTOS)Chloe Madeley returned to work 8 weeks after giving birth due to money (NEWS)Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady (LATEST) "We thought it was an interesting story, Amanda, a former model who is obviously from Yorkshire but had left for a period of time. "So I spent a week with the Owens, and I knew then that they were an extraordinary family, I found them inspiring, uplifting, amusing, funny, all of those things. "Obviously, the success of her and her family on my series turned into this extraordinary series that she now does but has so many fans, and I totally understand it. "She is amazing, she is honest, she's gritty, she is willing to take risks, and I think a lot of people admire that honesty!" Following her marriage split, the TV star began filming a new More4 documentary, titled Amanda Owen’s Farming Lives, her first solo series without Clive. The new series sees her visiting other working farms across the UK and seeing how they cope during the cost-of-living crisis. Meanwhile, Clive and their son Reuben star in the TV show, Beyond the Yorkshire Farm.