Brandi Carlile called Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as “normal, decent” people after meeting them at a party. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended Portia De Rossi and Ellen DeGeneres' surprise vow renewal ceremony, which the singer-songwriter also attended. De Rossi planned the impromptu vow renewal during her 50th birthday celebration. The occasion was officiated by Kris Jenner and attended by Jennifer Aniston, Gwyneth Paltrow and Harry and Meghan. Carlile made an impromptu performance at the ceremony, just days before her Grammy win for ‘Broken Horses’. But she also shared a moment with the Sussex royals, despite the furore around Harry’s memoir ‘Spare’. "We talked to them for a long time like British accents, talked about the angiograms," Carlile told ET. "They just really felt like normal, decent, good humored people. We just had a great chat. “I’m not going to pretend that I haven’t seen the hub bub, but I haven’t paid very close attention to it." De Rossi also asked Carlile to perform her song ‘The First Time I Saw Your Face’ at the ceremony. READ MORE: Meghan may have turned down Oprah's invite for fear of 'public scorn' It comes after Meghan and Harry were reportedly snubbed from Oprah Winfrey’s 69th birthday party, despite living in the same area.  "The absence of Prince Harry and Meghan from Oprah’s recent birthday celebration may say more about the couple’s current state of mind than Oprah’s opinion of them or the royals”, he said. Amonte added: "To be fair, most attendees at Oprah’s party were celebrities, known mostly as performers and entertainers. The party was also for 'the 25 most influential women' so Harry’s presence wouldn’t have been appropriate. "None of the attendees were purely 'public official', as one might categorise Harry and Meghan. "But even discounting those factors, the couple - or, at least Meghan - may have decided not to attend out of concern for their public image." DON'T MISS Trump set for donation snub as Koch brothers looking for new canidate Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US - not weather balloon China signalling 'we can do whatever we want' as US struggles Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan are reportedly being offered incentives by King Charles III to attend his coronation. The Mirror reported that the Sussexes have been offered high-profile seating at the event and the promise to keep their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. The offer of a “high-profile seating position” and an assurance that the titles can be kept is an “inducement” for the couple to attend, The Mail also reported. The outlet quoted a source who said: “Harry’s camp made clear that the idea that he would just attend the Coronation and behave himself but then be stripped of his titles was a total non-starter."