Premier League clubs will be waiting to pounce after it emerged that Paris Saint-Germain could be ready to sell Neymar this summer. The Brazilian forward has been in excellent form this season for the French champions, but the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United will be on red alert after hearing of his potential availability in the coming months. The 31-year-old has enjoyed a fruitful season in Ligue 1 so far, contributing 12 goals and 10 assists in just 19 appearances for the Parisian outfit. Still, his efforts may not be enough to save him from being forced out the door at Parc des Princes. According to Foot Mercato, PSG are ready to cash in on the forward. Neymar joined PSG in a world-record £196million (€222m) transfer after exercising his release clause in 2017, with ambitions of winning the Champions League and the Ballon d'Or. But the Brazil international is yet to achieve either and his time in Paris has been overshadowed by Kylian Mbappe and later Lionel Messi - and it now seems PSG are ready to sell Neymar if it means keeping Messi. If the former Barcelona star does end up leaving France, there will be several clubs vying for his signature. Express Sport looks at five Premier League outfits who could be in the hunt. READ MORE: Man Utd star Antony hints at future dream transfer and names 3 idols A surprise it might be to see Liverpool enter the hunt for Neymar, there may be a deal to be done that satisfies all parties. If even Jurgen Klopp might prefer Kylian Mbappe to Neymar, the German knows his attack is in need of fresh impetus - and Neymar could provide it. Before he signed his bumper new three-year contract, Mohamed Salah was tipped to join PSG on a free transfer before he committed his future to the Merseyside club. But Salah has struggled to meet his lofty standards with only seven league goals this season, and there is no telling how the Egyptian would react if PSG offered a straight swap deal. But with Salah no longer the leading man at Liverpool and Neymar told to pack his bags, it could be a marriage of convenience for both. Erik ten Hag has firmly established himself as the boss at Old Trafford some eight months into his reign as United head coach after forcing Cristiano Ronaldo out and bringing in his own star names in Casemiro and Antony. With that in mind, Neymar could be persuaded to join them in Manchester, particularly if Elon Musk provides the funding reports linking the billionaire with a takeover. There is a school of thought that after Marcus Rashford scored twice in as many games from a central area, the in-form striker could be moulded into a No 9 and that would open space on the left wing, a position favoured by Neymar. And given that United are a team on the rise who could afford the winger's eye-watering wages, it could resemble a perfect fit if Ten Hag wants to add some undeniable quality to his frontline. The only question is whether the Dutchman would be willing to handle the player's off-pitch commitments which, like Ronaldo during his time with United, have caused some consternation in Paris. Even if Newcastle have not proved to be quite such a free-spending club after their Saudi takeover in October 2021, the Magpies' mega-rich owners are still looking for that statement signing. And with a relatively low transfer fee, Neymar could prove to be a risk worth taking. Eddie Howe's side have shown they can cut it with the biggest sides in the Premier League as they currently lie fourth and are in strong contention to qualify for the Champions League. That, alongside their ambitious project, would be enough to entice Neymar. And there is no doubt Joelinton and Bruno Guimaraes would be more than happy to join the charm offensive to lure him to the Toon. Reports that Newcastle were interested in signing Neymar last summer failed to produce a concrete bid, but if he is leaving France, Howe's men may be the surprise package involved in trying to secure his signature. At the moment, it is fair to say City have bigger fish to fry than to be concerned with potential marquee signings after being charged by the Premier League for over 100 regulation breaches. But assuming the process rumbles on beyond the summer, it could allow Pep Guardiola to bring a player he has always admired to the Etihad Stadium. City have lost some of their attacking flair after selling Sterling and Gabriel Jesus last summer and Neymar would bring some ingenuity to their attacking ideas, as well as supplying Erling Haaland with assistds. However, with Jack Grealish flourishing in the side from the same area that Neymar would prefer to play, it seems likely Guardiola would need to sell first before bringing in the talented playmaker. Todd Boehly has shown he is not afraid to put his money where his mouth is after spending close to £600m since his takeover in May 2022. And last summer, it was believed Neymar was on his list of targets along with Ronaldo, before Graham Potter declined the chance to sign the Portuguese. The Blues opted to sign Raheem Sterling and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang instead as their big-name arrivals, but neither player has lit up Stamford Bridge in the way many would have expected. But Neymar, with his tricks and dazzling dribbling ability, would light up west London if he linked up with Joao Felix and Mykhaylo Mudryk. After landing themselves a hefty transfer bill, it remains to be seen whether Chelsea are finished strengthening their squad. But if Neymar becomes available, expect them to at least consider the idea.