Manchester United have announced the arrival of David Harrison as the club's new director of football operations. The Premier League club have decided to make further changes to their senior management structure, as football director John Murtough explained how Harrison will fit into the hierarchy at Old Trafford in the same role he carried out at Everton. Harrison, who took on the same role at Everton having been club secretary since 2002, will work from the club's training base in Carrington. He replaces Alan Dawson, who stepped down from his role in November after five years in the position. In a club statement, United confirmed Harrison will report to Murtough tasked with the responsibility of ensuring that "football operations run as smoothly and effectively as possible". As part of his role, Harrison will be in charge of organising the men’s, women’s and academy team's operations, with areas such as football administration, team travel and player support also in his profile. FOLLOW LIVE: Man Utd takeover deadline - Qatar battle several for £5bn sale It marks another key appointment for the club with Murtough now overseeing a number of strategists at the top of the club, with Andy O’Boyle joining from the Premier League in May 2022 to become Deputy Football Director. “David is known as one of the most able and respected operators in football and we are delighted that he has chosen to join Manchester United," Murtough said, speaking to the club's official website. "He will bring deep experience and knowledge to this important role, and add further strength to the support structure we are building around our football teams, to give our players and staff the best chance of success.” DON'T MISSMan Utd receive '£5bn bid from Qatari royals' as bidding war startsBarcelona fearful they'll be missing four stars for Man Utd second legNani ‘humiliated' Wenger and Ferguson stepped in after controversy Harrison will leave the troubled Toffees at the end of February to begin work at Old Trafford. The Bury-born director, who has also worked as a non-executive director at the Liverpool County FA in his distinguished career, says he is looking forward to beginning a new chapter at the club. “I’m excited to be taking this role at time of such opportunity and promise for Manchester United," Harrison said. "I will always cherish my memories of 27 years at Everton and wish everyone at Goodison and Finch Farm all the best for the future. "Now, my focus is on helping Manchester United create the best possible operating environment to support success on the pitch.” His arrival comes at a crucial time as the club compete in four competitions on the pitch, while the club is also in the process of finding new owners after the Glazers announced their intention to look for investment in the Red Devils.