Joe Biden is facing growing calls to address suspected spy balloons as Americans "freak out" over recent sightings, a report has revealed. The 46th POTUS was accused of failing to provide US voters with a sufficient explanation behind the spate of incidents in the last fortnight.  CNN has revealed that a source familiar with Biden's White House claimed officials were waiting to gain greater understanding about the incidents. A Democrat in Congress also told the US broadcaster that Biden's silence was "odd", adding people are "freaked out". Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer had addressed the incidents over the weekend, telling ABC News that the object shot down over neighbouring Canada was likely another balloon. Colorado Democrat Senator Michael Bennet, who sits on the Senate's Intelligence Committee, suggested the 80-year-old President could soon speak out against Beijing's suspected spy balloon. JUST IN: US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace amid balloon debacle, ex-Pentagon chief says He said in a statement: "The American people deserve timely answers about the objects that were shot down over Lake Huron, Alaska, and Canada this weekend. "We need to understand the nature of the threat to our national security. "As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I expect to be briefed on these incidents early this week." Despite criticisms about the 46th POTUS, President Biden has briefly commented on the sightings.   Speaking about the operation to shoot down a high-altitude object over Alaska, Biden said: "It was a success." Biden's allies suggest delivering remarks without knowing the full picture could cause further concern. CNN also reported that Biden has been deeply engaged behind the scenes, personally ordering each of the objects be shot down. Republicans have led the challenge against the POTUS following the South Carolina sighting. DON'T MISS:UK to initiate security review of ‘airspace intrusions’ [INSIGHT]ISIS could stage a comeback after Turkey earthquake  [REVEAL]China detects mysterious ‘UFO inside airspace’ [SPOTLIGHT]  Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton said last week: "China sent a spy balloon to fly all across America. "The Biden administration had a chance to shoot it down over Alaska and they chose to let it spy all across America. End of story." He added: "The administration doesn’t want to commit to anything because they want the flexibility to do what I’m sure they would have done here if some enterprising pilots and photographers hadn’t spotted this balloon over Montana, let it go on its merry way, not tell Congress, not tell the American people, and certainly not shoot it down." 