Lewis Capaldi, 26, saw his audience sing along with him as he experienced Tourette's symptoms during his hit Someone You Loved. The pop star received support from fans in Frankfurt earlier this week as he turned away from the microphone. In a video that has been making the rounds online, Lewis’ head and shoulder were twitching repeatedly. The tense moment preceded a choir of thousands of fans joining in to sing the song. Lewis was then able to continue the performance after the short break. Tourette's syndrome is a condition that causes a person to make involuntary sounds and movements called tics, according to the NHS. People who are diagnosed with Tourette's might have obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or learning difficulties. Tics are the "main symptom" of Tourette's, which typically first occur in childhood. There's no cure for Tourette's syndrome, but treatment can help manage symptoms. Lewis has previously opened up about his condition, candidly admitting he feared he was "dying", thinking he had a degenerative disease. Appearing on ITV's Lorraine last year, Lewis joked he had become an "ambassador" for Tourette's syndrome since he went public about it in September. Having numerous fans reach out to him revealing they too have Tourette's has made the Scottish singer feel less "isolated". During an Instagram Live, the musician explained how he received Botox treatment in his shoulder to help control his tics. Speaking to Lorraine on Tuesday, September 13, Capaldi shared that he got his diagnosis "like seven months ago or something". READ MORE...Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes [NEWS]Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  [LATEST]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts [INSIGHT] He said: "It made a lot of sense. To me, I am quite a jittery individual. A lot of people think I am on drugs when they meet me." He quipped: "I am not. At least not right now on Lorraine..." Going on to describe his symptoms, he added: "I raise my eyebrows quite a lot. I do this shoulder thing. "I take these deep breaths every now and then. I thought I was dying because I am a hypochondriac. "So I thought I had some degenerative disease. But I don't, so good news on that front." Asked about the public reaction to him talking openly about Tourette's, he said: "People have reached out and they have said that I am an ambassador, which was great." Lewis stressed that "it is nice to just see that you are not so isolated in all this stuff".