A major winter storm will bring heavy snow and an icy wintry mix to most of the northern US this week. The National Weather Service (NWS) warned of potential blizzard conditions because of the snow rates clashing with strong wind gusts, which could reach as high as 50mph in some places. The NWS issued a series of warnings and advisories covering most of Washington State through Idaho and Montana, parts of southern North Dakota, and most of South Dakota up to the Great Lakes. The NWS said: "A prolonged major winter storm will spread a large swath of heavy snow from the West Coast to the Northeast this week. "Confidence is high that this winter storm will be extremely disruptive to travel, infrastructure, livestock and recreation in affected areas. Power outages and tree damage is possible." They added: "Farther east, heavy snow and a wintry mix of snow, sleet, and freezing rain will impact the Great Lakes and Northeast late Wednesday and Thursday. "Treacherous conditions are likely, with scattered power outages possible. JUST IN: UFO shot down over North America by $400K missile may have been $12 hobby balloon "Very cold temperatures are expected from the West Coast into the Northern Plans behind the system, with record lows and dangerous wind chills possible." The NWS said: "The potential also exists for a flash freeze in portions of the northern Rockies on Tuesday." The cold blast is also expected to hit California as well, where the late-winter storm is expected to bring snow across low-altitude areas and rapidly dropping temperatures. The land-originated storm is picking up moisture from the Pacific, heightening the chances of very cold conditions across affected areas. The agency has also warned some areas could experience strong winds, with gusts hitting as high as 50mph. They added: "An arctic draped front will develop over the top of the surface wave and shift southward beneath the developing upper low, providing the anomalously cold air needed for a major winter storm to unfold over the northern tier of the country this week. "A southern stream trough in the Southwest will enhance the pressure gradient over the West and Midwest leading to strong winds in those areas." Winter weather watches have also been issued to cover parts of Wyoming to western Wisconsin until Thursday afternoon. DON'T MISS:Putin ‘loses battle’ in energy war as EU gas prices 'won't spike again' [REVEAL]Over 5,000 homes without electricity in 16 UK regions [REPORT]Fears of nuclear horror as Turkey's reactor rocked by earthquake [SPOTLIGHT] The metro area of Minneapolis and St Paul could see a high intake of snow, with forecaster Matt Benz forecasting up to 18 inches for the Minnesota cities. The AccuWeather meteorologist said: "There is a high probability that Minneapolis will pick up 18 inches of snow or more from the storm. "The February record of 13.8 inches of snow from a single storm is likely to be smashed." Travellers have been warned chances of are high for flight cancellations and long delays due to deicing operations, potentially sparking a ripple effect of disruptions across the country. The storm will also unleash rain showers for areas affected by its warm sector, with thunder and lighting accompanying the rainfall from the Ohio Valley to the Central Appalachians. New York City, Philadelphia, Washington DC and Pittsburg can also expect showers over the coming days. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews