Bruno Fernandes was full of emotion as Manchester United ended their long wait for a trophy against Newcastle on Sunday. But the Portugal midfielder has demanded the Carabao Cup is not the only piece of silverware his team win this season. United beat Newcastle 2-0 at Wembley to pick up their first piece of major silverware since 2017. Casemiro gave the Red Devils the lead with a header before Marcus Rashford's shot deflected off Sven Botman and into the Magpies' net. Newcastle pushed to get back into the game in the second half but were unable to do so. Fernandes has skippered United for much of this season and was given the responsibility again on Sunday. He was delighted to finally get his hands on a trophy, three years after joining United. But he has sent a demand to his team-mates that they must not let up now as the only team in Europe in with a chance of winning four trophies this season. READ MORE: Chelsea have four managers they can appoint immediately including Zidane  Fernandes told Sky Sports: "It’s an amazing feeling obviously. We have been searching for this moment, us, the fans, the club, we are in this all together and we finally get our trophy and I think we deserved it. "Obviously it’s been amazing and it’s our first trophy of the season, but we want more, it is not enough for this club. We want more and we need more because our standards demand more. "For me it's about winning trophies and finally we did it. But as I said I'm satisfied now because finally I get my trophy. But I want more, I want more, I want much more." United have the chance to win all four competitions they entered this season. They play West Ham in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Wednesday and have been drawn against Real Betis in the last-16 of the Europa League. DON'T MISSBarcelona star Lewandowski 'involved in dressing room argument' after Man Utd lossRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdBenni McCarthy was left 'heartbroken' by Man Utd and Mourinho hammered him  Erik ten Hag's side sit third in the Premier League table, eight points adrift of leaders Arsenal. But fans will be harbouring some hope of winning a first title since 2013. United great Roy Keane believes it is the start of a new era at his old club. He said: "The reaction of the supporters shows how desperate we are for success, but these players and these managers are desperate for success. "It’s been six or seven years which is a long time for Manchester United, but today they were efficient and it’s a long way back for Newcastle. But for United, hopefully the good days are coming back."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here