Thinking of changing up your hairdo in 2023? Fudge Professional Global Brand Ambassador Jonathan Andrew shared which trends women should be hopping on. Whatever age you are, it's never too late for a hair change, whether it's cut, colour or style. Jonathan stated: "I think we’ll be seeing a lot more champagne blonde tones due to the resurgence of a lot of 70’s hairstyles. "The champagne tone really compliments bigger, more dimensional hair." According to Josh Wood Colour, champagne blonde falls between the two camps of cool blonde and golden blonde. It's a neutral warm that doesn't go too heavy on the yellow or the ashy. READ MORE: Hair expert shares the 'ultimate anti-ager' - 'key to looking younger' Jonathan continued: "Subtle hints of warmer tones for both blondes and brunettes will also be a massive trend for 2023 - even some adding in the hot Magenta shade. "I think we'll get a big influx for pastel tones - especially with the new Pantone Colour of the Year, Viva Magenta coming in. "This won’t necessarily be a drastic change however, but it will give hair a lot more richness and depth." Magenta is a purple-pink infusion "located exactly between red and blue", according to hair.com. Pantone described the shade as follows: "Pantone’s Colour of The Year, Viva Magenta 18-750, vibrates with vim and vigour. "It is a shade rooted in nature descending from the red family and expressive of a new signal of strength. "Viva Magenta is brave and fearless, a pulsating colour whose exuberance promotes a joyous and optimistic celebration, writing a new narrative." For those who don't want to take the plunge and go full magenta, ombré or money pieces are more subtle options. READ MORE: 'Sexy' haircut which makes 'middle-aged women look younger' For those who want to stick to more natural colours, Jonathan also shared his top predictions. "Softer tones will definitely be in this year particularly for those who usually opt for a bleached blonde look. Soft-light brunettes will be on trend too. "This elevates the usual all over darker tones with soft highlights that are a few shades lighter than the all over brunette. "It gives a face framing colour tone that just really makes the colour pop, creating a stunning multidimensional finish."But what about the future of the haircut? According to the expert, "the Bob is officially back". "The bob is currently having a major comeback. This look is worn shorter with a box-bob, really keeping the structure and shape but also adding in super soft layers. This enhances the shape and really brings the style to life. "People are really getting more creative with styling of the hair, so we're really starting to see the Bob have a big resurgence, with the chic, textured look dominating." For those totally unafraid to make the chop, "pixie cuts are also making a little bit of a comeback". "I'm expecting to see a lot more shorter haircuts throughout 2023. People are getting a lot more creative with their hair and textured pixie cuts are therefore really making a return."