A woman talked about her "worst first date" on the social media platform and parenting forum Mumsnet and asked other users to also share their most dreadful experiences. She revealed that she once went on a date with a man she had met on a dating app who suggested meeting at what he called "a very swanky bar". The woman claimed that he spent the entire night speaking about money, "how much he earned, how must his house cost, his investments and how much the round of drinks he just bought us came to". He kept mentioning "how expensive the drinks from the menu were" although it was his idea to meet there. The forum user explained that when he wasn't talking about money, he would ask bizarre questions like: "If you could be any chocolate bar, what would you be and why?" As they were from the same town, they had to get the train back together and "it was absolutely rammed". READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests She pointed out an empty seat and he "pretty much knocked me clean out trying to race me for it". He sat down "looking all smug" so she decided to ditch him and go to the next carriage instead. On another first date, a woman said that the man invited her to his house as he was cooking a nice dinner. "I take a bottle of wine, we sit down at the table and he brings it out and puts it in front of me." When the woman saw what he had cooked, she was "shocked" and "mortified". The man had made frozen Chicken Kiev, frozen oven chips and spaghetti. "I thought he was taking the piss at first but he was being dead serious and thought he’d done a grand job," she explained. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  Commenting on the disaster date, another user said: "What's wrong with chicken, fries and spaghetti? Maybe he's not used to cooking and for him, it was a big achievement!" Another woman explained that she once went on a blind date and they had arranged to meet at a seaside town car park as they were going to walk around the town and find a cafe. "He pulled up in a camper van and said 'Jump in I know a lovely beach nearby'," however the woman told him that she would rather not as she had never met him before. READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry When she said that she wanted to stick to the plan, "he was a bit put out but then asked for money so he could park his van". The woman gave him some money but "he never came back". Apparently, he drove home then texted her to say "he'd left because he'd been offended and then asked for another date". Another one shared her "ridiculous" first date with a man she knew from university. Prior to the date, he asked her to dress nicely as they were going to an event. He then picked her up and drove her to a community centre. "The event was a prize giving for his cricket club and I looked ridiculous in my nice dress! I couldn’t even leave as he’d driven and I had no idea where I was," she said. Another forum user shared her mortifying dating story after she went on a blind double date and the man "didn't say a word" to her for the entire evening. She explained that they went for a meal, bowling and then back to their work flat to watch a film and he never say a word to her which made the whole experience "awful". Valentine's Day, which is celebrated on February 14 and usually involves gifting chocolates, cards and flowers, is the perfect opportunity to strengthen a relationship, experts claimed. 