A widow has told of how the death of her husband who drowned while diving has left her so scared of water she can no longer have a bath. Roger Clarke drowned while taking part in classes as a result of a number of health and safety failings by a diving school, a Health and Safety Executive investigation has found. The 55-year-old from Stafford drowned during an open water training dive in June 2018, reports Stoke-on-Trent Live. A Health and Safety Executive investigation found that his trainer, Lance Palmer, was responsible for multiple failings that contributed to the tragedy. A court has ordered Palmer to undertake 50 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £3,085 after he admitted health and safety breaches. Now dad-of-two Roger's grief-stricken wife, Angela Clarke, has opened up about the devastating impact the tragedy has had on her life. In a family impact statement, Angela said: “From the day I lost Roger to this day I cannot get into water, not even a bath and I can’t put my face into a shower. “He was my world. We had a good lifestyle. We had everything. I lost my world and reason to live and all I wanted to do was curl up and die - to be with my husband. I have only one regret in my life – not being with my husband when he died.” Leicester Magistrates’ Court heard Roger was a recreational diver on an entry-level Technical Diving International (TDI) Closed Circuit Rebreather Course when he lost his life. The dive at Stoney Cove, Leicester was planned, managed, and supervised by Palmer, who trades as LP Diving and Marine Services.  An HSE investigation found Palmer's failings included: Palmer, of Pillaton Hall Farm, Penkridge, Stafford, pleaded guilty to breaching Section 3 (2) of the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974. Speaking after the case HSE Inspector Richard Martins said “Technical diving is a high-risk activity where student divers are totally reliant on their instructors. “This was a tragic and wholly avoidable incident, caused by the failure of Lance Palmer to plan, manage and conduct his diving training in accordance with the law and his training agency’s rules.”  