  TalkTV host Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter this morning to once again lambast Madonna, 64, in view of his 8.3 million followers. After the journalist previously criticised the Material Girl singer following her appearance at the Grammy Awards, he did not let up with his criticism.     Jumping to the popstar’s defence, a Twitter user going by the handle military_villan wrote: “Fun fact. “Met Madonna once at a private aviation firm that operates from Stansted. “Her flight was delayed for a couple of hours, they tried to get her inside for VIP Treatment. “She decided to sit outdoors and read to her kids. Lovely woman,” he added. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills went ’missing’ for days in Amsterdam     In retaliation, Piers fired back: “Every time I’ve met Madonna, she was a rude little madam. “She probably speaks as fondly about me,” he penned sarcastically. It comes after Piers took to social media on Monday morning to share a photo of Madonna from the Grammy Awards on Sunday night, captioning the snap: “I thought Halloween was in October.” Piers was not the only person to slam the Like A Prayer singer’s appearance, with some viewers deeming her “unrecognisable” and “alien”.       However, some other social media users were quick to defend the pop icon following Piers’ comments today. “There's a theme here. They are just seeing you for what you are,” Elaine shot back at Piers. Kris wrote: “She won’t know who you are,” while Matt teased: “She probably doesn't remember you.” “I’m not surprised she was rude the way u go on about her on Twitter,” Charlie argued. READ MORE... Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance [INSIGHT] Chris Packham admits he 'came very close to taking my own life’ [UPDATE] Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys [NEWS]     Amy commented: “A) Madonna 100% doesn’t even think about you, let alone speak about you. “And B) Stop referring to grown women as ‘little madams’, it’s creepy.” (sic) While NorthGoon joked: “Probably because she found you to be a rude little madam.” Express.co.uk have contacted Piers Morgan’s representatives for comment.     Piers also slammed Madonna’s Grammy Awards appearance in his latest column for the New York Post, writing: "What’s the best way to p*** off half of America in less than five minutes? "It would be hard to beat what the Grammys did last night when they had pigtailed, filler-face-plumped Madonna introduce non-binary singer Sam Smith." Piers continued: "What if they — OK, me — just call you, Madonna, a toe-curling, embarrassing shambles of a once-great pop star, now best suited for annual appearances on Halloween?” Express.co.uk have contacted Madonna’s representatives for comment.   