Sir Bernard Ingham, Margaret Thatcher’s press secretary, passed away yesterday aged 90. He died peacefully after a short illness with his family around him. A Fleet Street journalist with The Guardian before becoming a Government press officer, he served as Mrs Thatcher’s press secretary for all but the first few months of her premiership. After leaving Downing Street, Sir Bernard had a new career as a best-selling author through his memoirs, Kill the Messenger. He also worked as a political pundit, an after-dinner speaker, a cruise lecturer and a newspaper columnist. He was a journalist to his bones. He started out aged 16 on his local paper in West Yorkshire, The Hebden Bridge Times, and he was still filing weekly columns to our website and The Yorkshire Post until a few days before he died. His son John, the former Daily Express defence and environment editor, said: “To the wider world he is known as Margaret Thatcher’s chief press secretary, a formidable operator in the political and Whitehall jungles. “But to me, he was my Dad - and a great Dad at that. He was a fellow football fan and an adoring grandfather and great-grandfather. My family will miss him greatly.” Sir Bernard was married for 60 years to Nancy, a former policewoman, who died in 2017. He leaves a son, two grandchildren and a great-grandchild. There was also no semblance of pomposity in Sir Bernard's make-up. He often told a story about a day when The Guardian sent him to cover a pit strike. He said "Driving up to the picket line in an old banger, held together with string, and wearing corduroys and a well-worn sports jacket with a copy of my newspaper sticking prominently out of the pocket I was greeted by the chief picket saying: 'Watch it, lads, here comes t'capitalist Press'." He also worked for Tony Benn, when energy secretary. In 1979, he temporarily left press relations to become an under-secretary working on the energy "Save It" project. He was appointed by Mrs Thatcher, six months into office. From that day, he shadowed the prime minister across the globe, assiduously spreading her message to all who listened. He inspired in his Downing Street staff loyalty bordering on devotion. His press officers worked uncomplaining day and night, seven days a week. Yet they all bitterly missed the excitement of being at the centre when they returned to the quieter, cushier surroundings of their original departments. Sometimes he was astonished at the illusion of power that was attributed to him, and accusations of news management. He said once: "If by news management you mean I try to avoid the government coming out with five major announcements on the same day, I plead guilty. I only wish I was as sophisticated and devilishly clever, as Machiavellian as some make out." Head of Comment at Express.co.uk Paul Baldwin said: "I had the privilege of talking with Sir Bernard every week and reading the first drafts of his weekly comment pieces which were, like the man, robust, unapologetic, and opinionated but ultimately very, very kind. "Talking with Sir Bernard was never less than fascinating and a little humbling - like drinking in political history. He'd just drop in bombshells like 'and I said shut up Margaret, you can't do that!' and you realised that behind the scenes Sir Bernard had had his hand on the wheel steering Britain for many, many years. "But despite this, and the Sir before his name Bernard never forgot where he came from and was deeply proud of his Yorkshire heritage. "My heart goes out to his son John (an Express colleague) and the family. We have lost a political and journalistic legend today." 