Manchester United could hypothetically seek to include a player plus cash if they are to move for Victor Osimhen this summer in order to maximise their chances of beating Chelsea to a deal. The Blues are believed to have now joined the Red Devils in the race for the Nigerian but Napoli do not want to sell and will therefore demand an eye-watering fee. Should that be the case, a player-plus-cash proposal could help United's chances of landing the highly-rated frontman as it would undoubtedly increase the value of any package. With that in mind, Express Sport analyses four stars that could be used as makeweight.  Anthony Martial United are likely to push Martial towards the exit door this summer anyway, so it only makes sense to offer him as part of a deal. He is a striker that can also play out wide, which could be of interest to Napoli if they are going to be tasked with replacing Osimhen. Martial has fallen away in recent times but he is still a top player with a wealth of experience at both club and international level. Furthermore, if he is to leave United this summer, the player himself will feel as they he has a big point to prove following several seasons of struggles at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Anthony Elanga Elanga showed huge promise when he burst onto the scene under Ralf Rangnick last season but he is still way down the pecking order this term under Erik ten Hag. The Swede had a host of loan offers in January but United were not prepared to let him depart mid-season, although that could change at the end of the campaign. The 20-year-old is still very much a prospect with high potential, so there is every chance Napoli would be interested in signing the forward. United do not seem likely to fast-track Elanga into the starting XI anytime soon and with a new striker on the agenda, opportunities in attack are likely to be few and far between moving forward. Jadon Sancho's return to action also blocks Elanga's pathway into the team which could once again push him closer to the exit door. Facundo Pellistri Pellistri has made huge strides since returning to United from the World Cup where he caught the eye with Uruguay. He is now being trusted to enter the field in Premier League matches having helped inspire United's fightback against Leeds in midweek. But Pellistri still has a long way to go before he's a regular at Old Trafford, which is ultimately what he wants to achieve following his move from Penarol. Just like Elanga, he's an attacker with high potential and Serie A appears to be a great breeding ground for forwards with high potential. For that reason, there is a chance Napoli would be interested in signing Pellistri but his value is unlikely to have any significant impact on the fee the Italians could demand for Osimhen. Donny van de Beek Van de Beek has had a really strange time since arriving in England having previously been considered as one of the most talented midfielders in Europe during his time with Ajax. But now the Dutchman's stock has plummeted and now he's set to be out for the remainder of the season, meaning Napoli could be forgiven if they held no interest in a deal. Serie A could be the perfect division for Van de Beek to get his career back on track but he needs luck and fitness on his side in order to find his mojo again. United are set to offload Van de Beek this summer but another question would be how much he is currently worth in the modern market on the basis of several poor seasons. Nonetheless, from a United perspective, he represents the ideal player to flog as part of any package.