Actress Annie Wersching died at the age of just 45 from cancer earlier this year, leaving fans of her wide variety of roles completely stunned. In addition to her villainous role on The Rookie, she was also the first to play the role of Tess in the original The Last of Us game, and appeared in popular series The Vampire Diaries, Bosch and 24. The ABC drama paid tribute to Wersching with a touching title card for the actress at the end of the latest episode of The Rookie. Wersching was diagnosed with cancer in mid-2020 but kept the news hidden and continued to act in several major TV shows. She passed away in Los Angeles on January 29, making her recent performances in The Rookie and Star Trek: Picard her final appearances on screens. This week’s instalment of the popular cop drama, titled The Con, left viewers emotional with a dedication to the show’s most beloved recurring stars. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments The tribute read “In loving memory - Annie Wersching”, and featured a portrait of her smiling warmly at the camera. Twitter user @daesnerys said: “Thank you for being a great villain, Annie. Rest in peace.” “It's almost time to see the Annie Wersching tribute on #TheRookie,” Zechariah Cameron said during the episode. “It will be sad, but she deserves it so much!” Robert Haeberle posted a crying emoji and wrote: “R.I.P Annie Wersching.” @perfectrose2011 posted: “At the end of this episode, an In Memoriam for Annie Wersching who played Rosalind Dyer. “Bless her continuing to act after her cancer diagnosis. Condolences to the cast, crew, all the others involved in the show and her family. Loved her character in the episodes.” “That dedication was wonderful,” @TheShopTalkPod_ said. “RIP Annie Wersching.” Buddy Wilkinson added: “Great episode. RIP Annie Wersching…. Prayers for her family.” DON'T MISS:The Mandalorian star admits wearing helmet was ‘like going blind’ [INTERVIEW]Netflix rom-com saved from cancellation by rival streamer [NEWS]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘turn off’ as Lucy and Kate missing [BACKLASH] As a frequent guest star on the show, Wersching’s Rosalind was one of the most fearsome adversaries for John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) and Lucy Chen (Melissa O’Neil). In her last appearance at the start of The Rookie’s current season, Rosalind sets a trap for the team by calling in a fake medical emergency and manages to ensnare Bailey Nune (Jenna Dewan). Rosalind ended up being killed by her accomplice after a tense stand-off with Nolan, bringing her storyline to a close. Wersching also recently appeared as the Borg Queen in Star Trek: Picard, as part of the main cast in Marvel’s Runaways and on the NBC sci-fi drama Timeless. Via Deadline, Wersching’s husband Stephen Full said of her death: “There is a cavernous hole in the soul of this family today. But she left us the tools to fill it. “She found wonder in the simplest moment. She didn’t require music to dance. She taught us not to wait for adventure to find you. “‘Go find it. It’s everywhere.’ And find it we shall… As I drove our boys, the true loves of her life, down the winding driveway and street, she would yell ‘BYE!’ until we were out of earshot and into the world. “I can still hear it ringing. Bye my Buddie. ‘I love you little family…’” The Rookie season 5 continues Tuesdays on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK.