During her final scenes as part of a 90-minute special, Jodie paid homage to all the Doctors before her along with some familiar faces making a comeback. Ncuti is set to regenerate as the latest Time Lord in the upcoming scenes alongside former Coronation Street star Millie Gibson in the latest images released. The exclusive images show Ncuti standing in the famous blue police box during a wintery and snowy evening. He donned an orange shirt, blue trousers and a trench coat which many of the Doctors have worn in the past. Discussing how he felt to be the next Time Lord, he told BBC News: "It feels really amazing. It's a true honour. This role is an institution and it's so iconic." Show writer Russell T Davies recently joined ITV's Lorraine Kelly to discuss the upcoming scenes and teased it would be "thrilling". READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "It’s very exciting, we’re shooting now. They’re just shooting stuff together [Ncuti and Millie Gibson]. "I’ve got some scenes that are so exciting, it’s going to be thrilling," he said. As well as Ncuti becoming the new Doctor, Millie Gibson, who played Kelly Neelan in the ITV soap, will star as his sidekick Ruby Sunday. Over the years, viewers have seen stars such as Catherine Tate, Billie Piper, Clara Oswald and Karen Gillan take on the role of the Time Lord's human companion. Speaking about the role, the actress said: “Whilst still being in total disbelief, I am beyond honoured to be cast as the Doctor’s companion. “It is a gift of a role, and a dream come true, and I will do everything to try and fill the boots the fellow companions have travelled in before me. “And what better way to do that than being by the fabulous Ncuti Gatwa’s side, I just can’t wait to get started.” There has been no official release date as to when Ncuti and Millie both make their debuts, but it has been reported it will coincide with the 60th anniversary in November 2023. DON'T MISS... Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [WATCH]GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST] When Ncuti was first announced as the latest star to take on the iconic role, Russell revealed he was impressed by Ncuti's "blazing" talent. "It was our last audition. It was our very last one, we thought we had someone, and then in he came and stole it. "I'm properly, properly thrilled. It's going to be a blazing future." Taking on the role of the Time Lord has meant that Ncuti has taken a step away from Netflix's hit Sex Education. He recently took to his Instagram to reveal his final day on set as Eric Effiong with an image of his dressing room. He caption the image: "Last day. Last time. Bye bubs, thank you for all the lessons and for all the strength. "Goodbye forever baby boy. Thank you for all you taught me." Doctor Who returns later this year to BBC One.