Doing laundry is a regular task in many households, and it can use lots of energy, especially if running full cycles multiple times a day. With the rising cost of living, and washing machines as well as tumble dryers being energy guzzlers, it is important to try and save money where possible. According to an expert, households should avoid using appliances at certain times of the day. Sarah Dempsey, cleaning expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “There are certain times of the day when it is cheaper to use the washing machine. “However, this will depend on your energy tariff. Using washing machines at peak times can result in them being more expensive to run. “Depending on your particular energy tariff, the demand for electricity at certain times can impact the price that you pay on your energy bill. “This means that the time you choose to use your washing machine can affect how much you pay. When washing or drying your clothes, it’s best to avoid doing so between the hours of 4pm to 7pm as these hours are when electricity is in the highest demand.” READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts Energy prices tend to be the lowest between the hours of 10pm and 5am. Sarah added: “With this in mind, it’s best to try to time your laundry cycles between these hours if you want to save money.” The cleaning expert continued: “When you wash your clothes on a cooler setting, this can save a significant amount of energy which will, therefore, result in lower costs. “Around 90 percent of the energy that is associated with running a washing machine is down to heating the water. So, the cooler you can wash your clothes, the more money you will save.” It is recommended to wash your clothing at 30C to save money and also get a good quality wash on the clothes, however, most detergents can even work at 20C so make sure to check the label. DON'T MISS:Three steps to ensure ‘bigger’ and ‘juicier’ tomatoes this year [COMMENT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [EXPLAINER] Detergent and fabric softener prices are on the rise, and many are using way too much in their wash than they need, causing products to run out quicker. The expert explained: “It is recommended that you use around 110ml of washing powder for one single load of washing. “While you can use slightly less than this if you want to save some money, using too little detergent leaves you running the risk that your clothes may not be completely clean when they come out of the washing machine. “If you use too much laundry detergent, the water will struggle to rinse out all of the detergent from your clothes.” This can lead to a residue building up on your clothing, towels or bedding. READ MORE: Bed experts share seven signs you have bed bugs If you are using a tumble dryer to dry your clothes, the cleaning pro recommended cleaning your dryer filter after each cycle to “keep energy costs”. Despite being easy to forget about it, lint can build up in the filter quickly and cause a clog. Sarah noted: “This is made up of fibre particles which shed from the clothes after each drying cycle. If these fibres start to build up on the filter, they can cause a clog which means that your dryer will not be working as efficiently as it could and it will also increase the length of time that it takes to dry your clothes. “It’s easy to clean the filter with a damp cloth or you can wash the filter under a warm tap. Just make sure it is completely dry before you put it back into the dryer. Cleaning the filter is also important as it reduces the risks of fire.” 5. Put a dry towel in with your clothing Another way to save money when doing your laundry is to put a dry towel in with your wet clothing as it can help to speed up the drying time. It does this by absorbing some of the moisture from the wash load, helping you save money as you may not need to run the entire cycle. Sarah continued: “It’s also important that you wash full loads whenever you do a washing cycle. Avoid putting on half washes or just putting a couple of items in the wash as this is a big waste of money. “Instead, you want to wait until you have a full wash load before putting the washing machine on. This will help to ensure that you’re getting the most out of your money with every wash.” If you can, also wear your clothing for longer as not every item needs to be washed after wearing it once, and this includes towels too.