Joe Biden has left House Republican’s “no choice” but to push for spending cuts to raise the debt ceiling. In Tuesday’s raucous State of the Union, the President lashed out at some members of the GOP for wanting to axe Social Security and Medicare. Republican’s sitting in Congress booed Biden for his remarks, as he pushed them to agree to no cuts on the federal welfare programmes. But in a Twitter thread after the address, the White House noted multiple GOP officials have introduced plans to axe them, including Senator’s Lindsey Graham and Rick Scott. And throughout the address, Biden again insisted that while he’s open to talks on the debt ceiling, he won’t make spending cuts in order to raise it. However, Jeff Webb, Publisher of Human Events and the Post Millennial, told Express US that the President’s spending has left the Republican Party no choice but to leverage the looming risk of default. “Sadly, Biden’s level of fiscal irresponsibility, and his march toward driving our country into the kind of debt that will affect the quality of life for our children and grandchildren, has left the Republicans no choice when it comes to the debt ceiling”, he said. “Biden and the Democrats obviously either don't take the problem seriously, are not smart enough to understand what the negative long-term effects will be, or they are intentionally trying to drive the country into bankruptcy to create the kind of scenario that requires excessive and heavy-handed government intervention. “Unfortunately, the only political lever the Republicans have at the moment that they can use to try and get some movement in the right direction is to refuse to increase the debt. “Biden does the citizens of our country a disservice by digging in through political theatrics, which he thinks will help his image, but in actuality it's very harmful to the country.” READ MORE: Joe Biden couldn't have 'dreamed' for better State of Union address In his second State of the Union address, Biden stayed firm with an optimistic tone on the economy, saying: “Because the soul of this nation is strong, because the backbone of this nation is strong, because the people of this nation are strong, the state of the union is strong. “I’m not new to this place. I stand here tonight — and I’ve served as long as about any one of you have ever served — I have never been more optimistic about the future of America. "We just have to remember who we are. We are the United States of America, and there is nothing, nothing beyond our capacity if we do it together.” However, when he suggested that some Republican’s wanted to slash Social Security and Medicare programs, he was heckled by Marjorie Taylor Greene who called him a liar. “Some of my Republican friends want to take the economy hostage, I get it, unless I agree to their economic plans,” Biden said to Congress. “Next month when I offer my fiscal plan, I ask my Republican friends to lay down their plan as well. I really mean it.” Meanwhile, House Speaker Kevin McCarthy said the President tried to goad Republicans in his State of the Union, urging his party to “not take the bait”. “But the one thing the president was saying is something that he knew was not true. I just spent an hour with him. I’ve said it many times before: Social Security and Medicare are off the table,” “He tries to use it for a political ploy. But the one thing we need to be is we need to be smart. He’s trying to play politics with the debt ceiling by not negotiating, by lying about our position.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews