HSBC’s Regular Saver account is currently offering an interest rate of five percent, which is fixed for 12 months. The savings account’s rate was increased from one percent on December 1, 2023, with customers receiving the boost automatically. Those looking to open this account with the bank can begin saving from just £25 and set up a standing order. Customers can pay between £25 and £250 into their Regular Saver every month and if their regular payments are less than £250 a month, it is also possible to carry the allowance over. As a result, savers can pay more into the account in later months, adding up to a total of £3,000. However, customers will be unable to make partial withdrawals at any time during the 12-month period to benefit from the interest rate. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Despite this, savers can make the decision to close their savings account early and will receive interest at HSBC’s Flexible Saver rate. By the end of the 12-month period, savers will transfer their balance into the Flexible Saver or Premier Savings account. If HSBC customers have more than one of these savings accounts, the bank will decide whichever pays the best interest. On the off chance savers have neither account, the bank will convert their Regular Saver to a Flexible Saver. At the time, Tom Wolfenden, HSBC UK’s head of Retail, explained why customers should consider taking out the bank’s Regular Saver account. He said: “Having a savings habit is something we would encourage as it can be invaluable if there is an emergency and you need to replace your washing machine or have some unexpected expenditure on your car. “While the cost of living may be increasing, emergencies will still happen, so having a small safety net that will help cover you in the event of something expected happening can be extremely important. “The rate is fixed for the year from the time of opening, however at this time to help with the increased cost of living and to support those who currently have a Regular Saver open, we are increasing all current Regular Saver accounts to the new rate of five percent with effect from December 1.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The savings expert outlined the other support HSBC is offering savers amid the ongoing cost-of-living crisis. Mr Wolfenden added: “During the challenging months ahead, we’re committed to being there for our customers and helping them when they need us most. “When customers are facing more financial pressures than usual, waiving the fees on early access to a fixed-term savings account may help with unexpected expenses. “We would also encourage customers to make the most of our wider support package. Anyone can sign up for a session with a financial well-being consultant, regardless of whether they are a customer or not.” High street banks and building societies have been increasing their interest rates in recent months following the Bank of England’s decision-making over the base rate. Now at four percent, the newly hiked base rate has been partially passed onto savers in the last couple of months. Constant rate rises from the central bank have been implemented in an attempt to control inflation, which is currently at 10.1 percent. Experts are not ruling out further interest rate increases from the Bank of England which could affect the savings rates offered by banks, such as HSBC, in the months ahead.