Aries A decision your partner or a relative is making could affect your life too. Because of this you aren’t being pushy by asking what they are thinking and whether you can have some say in the matter. You have a strong drive for socialising, parties, sports and other pleasures. Taurus There is not a lot of use in having good intentions unless you actually act on them. Whether you have been thinking about doing some voluntary work or giving some help to a friend, instead of just leaving this as thoughts, do something about it now. Gemini You have a lot to look forward to. Conversations, agreements and plans being made will add a glow of attraction to the future months ahead. A friend will find you a pillar of strength. You aren’t looking for praise. You’ll just be glad to be able to help them.  Cancer The views, advice and comments of a sensible friend will help you spot problems that may have otherwise escaped your notice. When an unexpected opportunity pops up that could result in some form of monetary gain, you aren’t going to let this pass you by. Leo A close friend or relative will be making some changes. You admire their courage as they are also taking a big risk and leaving a lot behind. This will get you thinking about how you might improve your life too. People are starting to realise your potential. Virgo Using your charm and the power of suggestion could bring a family or career success. Your hard working efforts will produce amazing results. Pay attention to the clever ideas being shared around you. A youngster with a massive imagination should be encouraged.   Libra Are you looking for something new and different to do? An online friend will introduce you to new interests and activities. You will soon have a few options to choose from. It will feel soothing to lose yourself in an artistic or writing project. Scorpio Positive encouragement from your family and friends will spur you on to achieve something special. As well as you having something to be proud about, expect to soon be congratulating someone in the family who will have some wonderful news to share with you. Sagittarius If you aren’t sure about joining a group or taking part in new experiences, take a peep at what is happening to others who are already involved. If they’re doing well out of it and you can trust what they are saying, you will probably enjoy it too.    Capricorn A new neighbour will reveal interests you can relate to. You will get on surprisingly well with each other. You may not have thought you had anything in common and this just goes to show how appearances can be deceptive. A home related project will soon be complete. Aquarius A review team will be asking you questions when they are hoping to gain information through listening to lots of voices. You may not realise it but your experience could be vital for this project. Work towards achieving a balance between career and family, time alone and time spent with friends. Pisces The support you receive from behind the scenes will take you by surprise when you were expecting to have to pursue some goals independently. A senior colleague will encourage you to put more effort into a private project when they discover your intentions and support these absolutely.   