One year into golf's LIV saga, and it's clear there's resentment between those who have flocked for the Saudi-funded breakaway league and their PGA counterparts. With legal battles ongoing between the PGA, DP World Tour and their emerging rival, great uncertainty remains as to how this year's majors (and the Ryder Cup) will play out. And 'uncertainty' sums up Tiger Woods' feelings when quizzed about his reaction heading into a Masters field that's expected to host 15 LIV defectors. Tensions are anticipated as those two sides of golf's civil war come into close contact at Augusta, with Woods still not sure how he'll react to seeing his former peers up close. "I don't know because I haven't been around them," the 15-time major champion told reporters in the build-up to this weekend's Genesis Invitational. "Some of the players out here have. For instance, Rory [McIlroy]'s in Dubai with some of those players. "I don't know, I don't know what that reaction's going to be. I know that some of our friendships have certainly taken a different path, but we'll see when all that transpires. That is still a couple months away." READ MORE: LIV Golf's Patrick Reed accused of 'cheating' by PGA rival before he lost to Rory McIlroy  Phil Mickelson, Sergio Garcia and Dustin Johnson will be among the six LIV stars expected to attend the Masters champions dinner, along with Patrick Reed, Bubba Watson and Charl Schwartzel. When asked what he felt the atmosphere would be like at that meeting of Augusta royalty, Woods highlighted incumbent champion Scottie Scheffler as the priority. “The champions dinner is going to be obviously something that’s talked about,” added the 47-year-old. “We as a whole need to honour Scottie. Scottie’s the winner, it’s his dinner. "So making sure that Scottie gets honoured correctly but also realising the nature of what has transpired and the people who have left, just where our situations are, either legally, emotionally. . .there’s a lot there.”   Woods voiced his 'disagreement' with the LIV movement last year and suggested some of those joining its ranks had 'turned their backs' on the organisation that elevated their careers. He also forecasted trouble in regards to the ranking points system, which has become a foundational talking point in LIV's struggle for relevance. Having won the Masters on five occasions—only Jack Nicklaus (six) has won more—Tiger knows all too well the unique moments made possible by golf's four crown jewels. This weekend's Genesis Invitational will be Woods' first competitive appearance since The Open at St. Andrews last July, having struggled due to complications caused by his life-threatening car crash in February 2021. Mobility remains the key obstacle for the veteran, but a strong display at the Riviera Country Club in Los Angeles could yet bring new hope for a record-tying sixth Green Jacket at Augusta. Many in the industry are expecting chaotic scenes if one of those who has left for LIV emerges as champion in Georgia. The battle lines have been drawn for what promises to be a historic week starting April 6, though making it through the champions dinner without major incident will be the first priority for all in attendance.