Although the acclaimed History drama, Vikings came to an end in 2020, major details about the show’s production have been unveiled. Adam Basil who starred in season three spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk as and broke down the unforgettable battle.  Fans will recall season three kicked off with an epic premiere, which had everything from blood, betrayal and a baby. While a mysterious seer (played by John Kavanagh) looked into Lagertha’s (Katheryn Winnick) future, Bjorn Lothbrok (Alexander Ludwig) was thirsty for war. Speaking to his father, Ragnar (Travis Fimmel) exclaimed: “I want to fight, I want to raid.” However, the warrior warned his son: “The power is always dangerous. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah “It attracts the worst and corrupts the best. I never asked for power. Power is only given to those who are prepared to pick it up.” Despite this, Ragnar found himself in the midst of a brutal battle after he, Lagertha and their fleet left Kattegat for Wessex. After months of waiting to sail, they finally reached their destination and were welcomed by King Ecbert (Linus Roache). However, Queen Kwenthrith (Amy Bailey) asked Ragnar for a new batch of Viking warriors to help them finish and win a war against her uncle, King Brihtwulf (Ian Beatie).  Although Ragnar was apprehensive and stated their feud was not his fight, the Viking eventually agreed to wage war. Many fans squirmed as they watched the gruesome scenes take place, it was a very different story on set. Adam Basil starred in season three as a stuntman and dropped some major insight into what really goes down. Speaking on the preparation for fight scenes, he told Express.co.uk: “We might spend a week on a battle if there's a big fight, a lead fight. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway fights tears as she confronts Matt Hancock [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla’s Leo Suter teases Harald becoming king [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla star admits crew 'watched like hawks' during stunt [INSIGHT]  “If there's a lead fight where it's like a big end of battle, end of season, just with his two main characters fighting. “If you're lucky,  the day before you'll be in the actual space you will be fighting in the film.” Adam explained: “Every step is choreographed, but you still have to make it look like that's the first time they've ever tried to stab you or slice you. “You still look surprised or react at the last minute because it's easy to start just pre-empting it and becoming like a robot, that was common.”     He added: “When you shoot stuff, the energy level always goes up say 30 percent so all of a sudden you really are kind of swinging and moving and it gives that element of realness to it.” The fight was a major success for the Vikings as they were able to fulfill Queen Kwenthrith’s wish. The premiere came to a satisfying end with Floki (Gustaf Skarsgård) smashed the head of Kwenthrith’s uncle with an axe.  Vikings season 1-6 is available to stream on History in the US and on Amazon Prime in the UK. 