New PGMOL chief Howard Webb has reportedly called an emergency meeting for all Premier League officials after a series of VAR errors were made on Saturday. Arsenal and Brighton were sent apologies after incorrect decisions went against them that could have cost both sides valuable points, while Chelsea felt that they should have been awarded a penalty on a nightmare afternoon for the league. The Daily Mail have claimed that Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL) chief Webb has summoned all officials to Stockley Park for an emergency summit after Arsenal, Brighton and Chelsea were denied crucial decisions. VAR official Lee Mason reportedly forgot to draw the lines that would have deemed Christian Norgaard offside before he set up Ivan Toney's equaliser as the Gunners dropped two crucial points in their title race during the 1-1 draw with Brentford. While Brighton's Pervis Estupinan had his goal ruled out through another error when John Brooks drew the offside line from the wrong defender. The report claims that Webb, who was only recently appointed chief of the PGMOL, may axe both officials after ordering an urgent review with all options on the table. The meeting is due to take place on Tuesday and attendance has been deemed compulsary by Webb as every referee, assistant referee and VAR official is expected to attend after Webb was forced to apologise to both Arsenal and Brighton for Saturday's blunders. "PGMOL can confirm its Chief Refereeing Officer Howard Webb has contacted both Arsenal and Brighton to acknowledge and explain the significant errors in the VAR process in their respective Premier League fixtures on Saturday," a statement from the PGMOL read. "Both incidents, which were due to human error and related to the analysis of offside situations, are being thoroughly reviewed by PGMOL."   Brighton confirmed that they had been contacted by the PGMOL as their incident was explained. "As was confirmed to the club by PGMOL last night, a serious error was made in disallowing Pervis Estupinan’s goal at Crystal Palace yesterday," a statement from the Seagulls read. "The lines drawn in the VAR room to determine whether Pervis was in an offside position were drawn incorrectly, and the goal should have stood. While hugely disappointed by the error, the club has accepted PGMOL's apology and will not be making any further comment." While Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta took aim at the VAR officials for failing to recognise that Brentford's goal should have been offside. "I've just looked at it back, and it is offside," Arteta said. "You cannot block if you are offside, but it's irrelevant, it's gone." MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /sport/football . Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 