Netflix’s Korean drama became a worldwide phenomenon upon its release in 2021, with many fans quick to recreate some of the show’s sadistic challenges. The streamer itself also jumped on the Squid Game hype, although recreating the deadly game show for 456 contestants apparently hasn’t gone to plan. Filming for Squid Game: The Challenge has been subjected to an independent safety assessment after some contestants required medical attention, Deadline reports. Britain’s Health and Safety Executive (HSE) urged producers to plan properly for potential risks and hazards, although no further action has been taken. Netflix has confirmed three players required medical attention during Red Light, Green Light, a game in which contestants must stay in place or face elimination. Contestants have recalled freezing filming conditions during the game, a number of injuries and claimed a two-hour shoot ended up lasting up to nine hours. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ One player claimed a woman was left “convulsing on the floor” while others remained frozen in place. “It played on our morals and it’s sick,” they said. “It’s absolutely sick.” Rolling Stone carried out the first independent report on the reality series and claimed contestants were suffering “inhumane” filming conditions. Injuries reported from the set include a herniated disc and a torn knee tendon as well as one player claiming to have developed pneumonia and an ear infection. A spokeswoman for the series stated last week that “all the appropriate safety precautions” had been taken by Squid Game: The Challenge. Following further questioning from Deadline, she said: “Netflix, Studio Lambert, and The Garden have done everything required by the health and safety legislation and the HSE have said they have assessed and closed the matter.” HSE added: “We contacted the programme producers after receiving concerns about their recent filming. “We reviewed the responses from the producers and decided to take no further action.” DON'T MISS:Chicago Fire star lands Netflix role opposite Marvel hero [LATEST]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [INSIGHT]The Last of Us plot hole leaves fans baffled over Joel’s decision [BACKLASH] “We did stress to them the importance of planning properly for any risks in future filming.” However, some participants have told Rolling Stone they were planning on taking legal action after completing the series. They were not only angered by conditions but also claimed the contest had been “rigged” in favour of the show’s influencer participants. However, Netflix, Studio Lambert and The Garden said in a statement: “We care deeply about the health of our cast and crew, and the quality of this show. "Any suggestion that the competition is rigged or claims of serious harm to players are simply untrue. We’ve taken all the appropriate safety precautions, including after care for contestants – and an independent adjudicator is overseeing each game to ensure it’s fair to everyone.” Filming for the series has since wrapped this week with one player walking away with a staggering $4.56 million, the largest prize in reality show history. Statement from Netflix, Studio Lambert, and The Garden A freelance crew member has claimed the show wasn’t the “hellscape” that had been reported, although did admit filming Red Light, Green Light was “unbearably cold”. “There was no coercion to freeze in place. The contestants also did practise runs and stretches,” they said. “With the type of people being cast, there are always going to be those who are likely to find issues with things, particularly if you fly a very long distance and you’re out in the first round.” Squid Game season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.