Martin Starr and Ryan Hansen have reunited with the likes of Adam Scott and Ken Marino in a brand new season of Party Down, an outrageous ensemble sitcom about a group of hapless event caterers with dreams of making it big. Season three kicked off on Starz this Friday, and Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to the cast about what the future could hold for the comedy revamp. Starr and Hansen both confirmed season three won’t be the end of Party Down if Starz’s revival is successful. The original series began back in 2009, but came to an end after losing cast members Jane Lynch and Scott to Glee and Parks and Recreation, respectively. It also struggled in the ratings, but Party Down’s 2023 revamp is hoped to attract more fans, old and new, to keep up with the antics. Although the new season will only span six episodes, the series regulars revealed there will be much more to come if the audience stays faithful. “I don’t know why we only start out with six, but I think it’s just more of a teaser to see if this works and we can get back into the show again,” Starr told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation “Which I hope. We’d all love to do this as much as they will allow it at the glorious Starz network.” Well over a decade after the original two seasons wrapped up, the Party Down crew are in very much the same place as before. While Kyle Bradway (played by Hansen) gets a brief taste of success, it’s quickly ripped away in a cruel twist of fate and he’s forced to return to his dead-end job as a caterer. Starr continued: “It’s so fun that they got back behind it. Not that they weren’t behind it before, but we went through a regime change there and somehow we’ve outlived that. “People are there who really love the show and are champions of it and we get to do it again. Hansen added: “I will say, only doing six… I was kind of bummed. Like, ‘Oh, we only get to do six’. “But it made the energy and excitement so much greater and tighter. We were all just so pumped every day. “Sometimes it can get long when you’re doing 10-plus, 13 episodes or whatever. It gets a little dragged out, but this made it so exciting.” Starr and Hansen were both disappointed when main cast member Lizzy Caplan was unable to return, although there’ll always be a place for her if Party Down gets the green light for more seasons. DON'T MISS:Grey's Anatomy fans brand Ellen Pompeo's exit 'worst episode ever' [BACKLASH]Law and Order fans fuming as NBC drama takes month break [LATEST]Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [NEWS] “Hopefully, should we get a fourth season, I have to imagine that she’ll drop everything to be a part of the show,” Starr joked. “I know she was very heartbroken. She sent us cupcakes and kept checking in on us as we were doing it. But she was working on something else that got pushed back because of COVID protocols.” The season finale will air in a week’s time, and details are being kept under wraps as some twists and turns could eventually lead to more outings for the Party Down crew. “There are some spoilers,” Starr said. “And hopefully they do lead on to a fourth season. Hopefully they tease enough for people to get excited for that potential.” “We’d love nothing more than to keep doing this to season 65!” “God, I hope so!” Hansen chimed in. “Martin just did a show called Tulsa King, which just got a season two. “We were talking earlier that Sylvester Stallone should throw a nice party we could cater. Could you ask him?” Starr couldn’t confirm if his new co-star will be joining them next time around, but the Party Down crew will undoubtedly have plenty of opportunities to cause chaos in future seasons. Party Down season three continues Fridays on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.