The Met Office issued a yellow alert for fog, warning Britons of reduced visibility due to freezing fog. The warning is in place from 3am until 11am this morning.   The meteorological office says the freezing fog is set to cause travel chaos with slower journey times and delays to bus and train services. There is a chance of delays or cancellations to flights as well, forecasters said. The warning covers a large part of the UK, with London, Oxford, Bath, Exeter, Cardiff, Coventry, Worcester, Cambridge and Norwich all affected. The freezing fog is set to become more widespread towards dawn on Wednesday, particularly along river valleys and across eastern and southern England, with the visibility as low as 50 to 100 metres in a few places, the Met Office said. READ MORE: Police chief fired after being 'aware of sexual misconduct'  However, the dense fog will slowly thin and clear later on Wednesday morning. There is also a yellow wind warning covering the north of Scotland alerting residents of southwesterly winds bringing some travel disruption as well as dangerous coastal conditions. It’s likely that some coastal routes, sea fronts and coastal communities will be affected by large waves. The Met Office wrote: “South to southwesterly winds will strengthen early Wednesday to bring a very windy day, with the strongest winds occurring late morning, and into the early afternoon. DON'T MISSSuspected bomb leads to hundreds evacuated and roads shut [REVEAL]Princess Beatrice makes surprise appearance at science lab [INSIGHT]Republican Representative snubs Joe Biden's State of Union address [UPDATE]   “Gusts of 65-70mph are expected quite widely, with some gusts around 75mph especially during a period of squally rain which will cross the area during the early afternoon. “Winds will then ease considerably following the rain.” Yesterday, London was blanketed in a thick layer of freezing fog, forcing many flights to be cancelled. Twenty-three flights were axed at London City Airport, including trips destined for Amsterdam and Florence, as the south of England was hit by an icy sub-zero blast. Tuesday's freezing fog came as Britain braces itself for yet another cold snap with London city mayor Sadiq Khan activating cold weather measures amid fears temperatures will drop below freezing. 