Rafael Nadal has given Lionel Messi his backing for the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year award despite being nominated against the PSG star in the same category. Messi has won the award just once in a tie with Lewis Hamilton while the Spaniard has four different Laureus victories to his name, including two for Sportsman. Nadal and Messi have both been nominated in this year’s Laureus World Sports Awards, finding themselves up against Kylian Mbappe, Max Verstappen, Mondo Duplantis and Stephen Curry in the Sportsman of the Year category. It comes after an impressive 2022 for both, with the tennis icon winning two Grand Slams to set a record of 22 men’s singles titles which was later equalled by Novak Djokovic this year. Meanwhile, Messi led Argentina to World Cup glory for the first time in 36 years and received the Golden Ball in the process. And it seems that even Nadal himself believes the 35-year-old’s achievements are worthy of this year’s Laureus award as he threw his weight behind the Argentina forward despite being nominated against him. “An honour to be nominated again to the @laureussport Sportman of the year…” Nadal wrote on his Instagram story following the nominations announcement, before adding: “But… This year…” JUST IN: Murray drops retirement hint as Brit vows to play event one more time'   In a second story, the current world No 6 then wrote: “Come on @leomessi you deserve it.” Nadal also gave a shout out to young rival Carlos Alcaraz, who found himself nominated for Breakthrough of the Year alongside another tennis star in Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina. “Congrats on the nomination @carlitosalcarazz !!!!” he said in a third story. While Nadal may not want to receive the Sportsman award this year, he has already managed to surpass long-time rival Roger Federer just by being nominated in the category as it takes his total nominations to nine, overtaking the Swiss star’s eight. DON'T MISSAndy Murray defies odds to beat Lorenzo Sonego at the ExxonMobil OpenSerena Williams causes stir as American tennis icon teases returnWimbledon asked to step in as LTA offered £415k to drop Russia ban This year is the seventh time that the Spaniard has been nominated for Sportsman of the Year - winning on two occasions in 2011 and 2021. He was also nominated for Comeback of the Year in 2014 and his Breakthrough of the Year in 2006, winning both awards. While Nadal has only won the Sportsman award twice in six previous nominations, Messi has also been nominated six times in the past and only won once in 2020, when he shared the title with Lewis Hamilton. The Argentina men’s football squad is also up for World Team of the Year. 