Manchester United have reached an agreement with Alejandro Garnacho over a new long-term contract at Old Trafford, ending speculation over his future. The 18-year-old winger will commit his future to the club once final details are laid out in a significant boost to Erik ten Hag's plans. Garnacho opened talks over a contract extension late last year, shaking hands on financial and length terms relatively quickly. According to ESPN, Garnacho has agreed to a new five-year contract at United, with final minor details regarding image rights left to settle. His current deal was set to expire next summer, but both parties met a 'financial consensus' for him to remain in M16 until 2028. The report claims Garnacho's salary will progressively increase as his role in Ten Hag's squad grows throughout the upcoming years. He is currently thought to be earning around £7,000 per week, so the starting point of his new salary will be a healthy increase to reflect his rise from the youth ranks to a first-team regular since his debut last April. JUST IN: Gary Neville trolls Jamie Carragher over Rashford claim he will regret It is hoped that Garnacho's new deal can be tied up as soon as possible, with an official announcement possible in the next couple of weeks. The Madrid-born starlet, who has opted to represent Argentina internationally, has made 27 appearances for United, registering three goals and five assists. But what has been more impressive is his impact in big moments, including netting a last-gasp winner at Fulham before the World Cup. He also made a difference off the bench in the 2-0 triumph at Leeds United earlier this month, firing a pinpoint finish past Illan Meslier to secure the three points. Garnacho possesses raw pace and trickery that have made him the latest United academy success story and one of Europe's most exciting prospects this season. DON'T MISSMauricio Pochettino 'wants Chelsea job' amid Graham Potter pressureTottenham eye Ferguson as 'next Harry Kane' but face Chelsea contestPremier League icon with over 300 games Dodd now works at a college Given his roots, and Real Madrid's history of luring wingers away from Old Trafford, there were concerns an early switch to the Bernabeu may have been on the cards next year. Los Blancos are reportedly monitoring his progress and would no doubt be interested in taking him back to the Spanish capital if he fulfils his world-class potential. Garnacho left Atletico Madrid's academy for United in 2020 and has gone from strength to strength since, skyrocketing up the senior pecking order. His new contract will give him the assurance and confidence required to take his career to the next level in England, an almighty boost to Ten Hag's attacking ranks. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here