Prince Harry is vexed that his family has so far failed to offer an apology to Meghan Markle for the treatment she received while they still worked on behalf of the Crown, an insider claimed. The Duke of Sussex has levelled a series of accusations at the institution, with the King and Prince William at the centre of his criticism of the Firm. But before the release of his memoir Spare, Prince Harry said he hoped to reunite with his family. But the insider claimed the lack of an apology to Meghan has left the Duke of Sussex "frustrated." They told US Weekly: "No apology to Meghan has been made by the Palace, which frustrates Harry. Nor has he received a personal apology." The couple accused the Royal Family of not making the Duchess of Sussex feel welcome when she first joined the institution. Prince Harry claimed in 2021 he had asked royal aides to support him and Meghan as she faced growing pressure after their relationship became public knowledge but was refused. JUST IN: Kate takes centre stage at exhibition as stunning portrait of Princess to be displayed He said: "I felt completely helpless. "I thought my family would help, but every single ask, request, warning, whatever it is, just got met with total silence or total neglect. "We spent four years trying to make it work — we did everything we possibly could to stay there doing the role and doing the job. But Meghan was struggling." Despite the lack of a response to a series of allegations against them, the Royal Family has now been advised the ball is in their court to facilitate peace. Another insider said: "At this point, the royals can only move forward and come to some form of truce with Harry if everyone sits down and talks through their issues privately. "Despite everything that’s happened, Harry does want his family in his life." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama as US celebs realise 'Sussexes equal drama' And the King earlier this week was reported to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury for his help to end the feud keeping Prince Harry and Prince William apart. The Duke of Sussex repeatedly hit out at his brother, going as far as claiming the Prince of Wales attacked him after allegedly branding Meghan "rude and difficult." He said: "What was different here was this level of frustration, and I talk about the ‘red mist’ that I had for so many years — and I saw this ‘red mist’ in him. "He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” DON'T MISS: Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST] The brothers were last seen together at the late Queen's funeral in September 2022. Before the ceremony, the Prince of Wales had seen his brother in person only three times after he stepped down from his senior role. Prince Harry returned first in April 2021 to attend the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral and then later that year for the unveiling of a statue in honour of Princess Diana. He then brought his whole family back in June 2022 for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews