The Voice coach, who hosts the new ITV singing show, revealed that he had got a larger-than-life tattoo of Jason Manford on his lower leg. The revelation came after one of the show's contestants shared that she had a permanent tattoo of her idol on her arm. Olly then claimed he too had some new permanent inking done and told the audience that it was also of his idol. “I actually have a tattoo of my idol on me,” he confessed before revealing the image of Jason on his calf. He then looked over to the judge and said: “Jason, I love you.” The funny man looked shocked and laughed before answering: “I’m laughing but I am absolutely terrified.” READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  The inking which is not permanent had Olly's fellow judges and the audience in stitches. The Troublemaker hitmaker hosts Starstruck alongside Jason and R&B singer Beverley Knight. They are also joined by US star Shania Twain and Queen frontman Adam Lambert. Olly's prank came after he spilt the tea on some of the weird gifts he gets from his own fans. Speaking on last week's show, the pop star revealed that an overzealous fan threw a pair of knickers at him and admitted that it “wasn't a nice experience.” The confession came after Jason described a contestant as a “Welsh Elvis with sex appeal and would have women throwing their knickers at him on stage." Olly then recalled his own experience and said: “Can I just say I’ve had that once and it wasn't a great experience.” The new singing show is proving to be a big hit with viewers. Each week four teams battle it out in a bid to impress the judging panel. DONT MISS: Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [LATEST] Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [NEWS] Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [NEWS] One act will then be sent through to the final with the hopes of winning the grand prize of £50,000. In a recent interview with Good British Life, Olly, who recently announced his tour dates for 2023, revealed that he has now given up drinking. And to mark his 10-month sobriety, the singer has written a song entitled I hate You When You’re Drunk about his new booze-free life. He said: “I just felt like I wanted to live a better life, be clean, be healthy. Alcohol is something that I have a love/hate relationship with.”  “I get on with it, but as I’ve gotten older, it’s just caused more trouble than it should have. I’m just happy without it really." And referring to the track he said: “It’s about that moment when you think, ‘I still love you, you’re still my mates. I still think you’re brilliant – but God, you’re annoying when you’re drunk!” Starstruck, Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV1 and ITVX