On Tuesday, Netflix kicked off Valentine's Day with the release of an all-new dating series, Perfect Match. Although fans were glad to see some familiar reality stars back on screens, their joy soon turned into frustration after Savannah Palacio was sent packing.  Hosted by Love is Blind’s Nick Lachey, he revealed: “Netflix’s most eligible singles are back for a new spin at romance.” Stars from the Circle, Ultimatum, Selling Tampa and Too Hot To Handle returned to screens with hopes of finding true love. The group of 10 singles were placed in a sunny villa where they had to pair up to survive both challenges and temptations to gain the title of the perfect match. The stars included Francesca Farago from season one’s Too Hot to Handle. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore   Joey Sasso, Nick Uhlenhuth, and Savannah were all familiar faces from the circle, including Ines Tazi who starred in the French spin-off. Fans will remember Shayne Jansen from Love Is Blind and Selling Tampa’s Anne Sophie Petit. The contestants also included Kariselle Snow from Sexy Beasts, The Ulimatum’s Zay Wilson and Dom Gabriel who starred in the latest season of The Mole Despite their experience in reality TV, Savannah and Anne-Sophie failed to find their perfect match and were eliminated from the show.    Fans were angered by this result and took to social media to defend Savannah and blast the dating show. An angered @leosupremexo tweeted: “Are these men deaf, blind and dumb Savannah is literal perfection - turning this off now that she’s out.” A second viewer @Hex_Stubley added: “And once again Savannah doesn't make it past episode 4. I'm so sick to my stomach nick can CHOKE.” @itsmeraeee commented: “I was P****D when she left the circle so early and I’m pissed she left this so early too she deserves better.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [INSIGHT]Love Is Blind and Too Hot to Handle star will appear in Perfect Match [INSIGHT]Netflix’s Perfect Match uproar as reality stars return amid axings [REACTION]   A fuming @Trentvtake stated: “Savannah was right Francesca got her claws in Dom and threw him away when she was done with him I hate that she went home.” @shagadelicsloth added: “So Francesca got mad that Savannah was talking to Dom for Savannah to end up going home and now she’s going on a date with Damian.” While @realitytvchatss shared: “I’m also kinda p****d that Savannah got sent home and that Dom didn’t give her a shot.”    Earlier in episode four, Nick revealed he wanted to match with Ines, despite his interest in Ines and after deciding to swap partners with Shayne, he had to tell Savannah he was no longer interested in her. She unsuccessfully tried to manipulate Nick into choosing her and when it didn’t go her way, Savannah approached Dom. However, this doesn’t sit well with Francesca who was paired with Dom and the two share a few choice words. By the end of the night, the only matches are Francesca and Dom, Joey and Kariselle, Chase and Georgia, Nick and Ines, Izzy and Shayne, leaving Savannah and Anne-Sophie single and sent packing.  Perfect Match is available to stream on Netflix. 