 Kwasi Kwarteng spoke to Piers Morgan Uncensored hosts Isabel Oakeshott and Richard Tice about the Scottish First Minister’s shock resignation. The former Chancellor stated that the controversy surrounding convicted transgender rapist Isla Bryson led to Sturgeon’s downfall.    Speaking last night on TalkTv, Mr Kwarteng said: “This man had been convicted of rape twice and then was put into a women’s prison. Which defies all common sense. “And I think Nicola, trying to say that this was the right thing to do, got herself in a lot of knots. “It really was the straw to break the camel's back. “Her ratings plunged. “And essentially her woke agenda ended up blowing up in her face.” READ MORE: Alpine announce Zidane appointment as Balon d'Or winner joins F1 team Isla Bryson, 31, is currently awaiting sentencing after being convicted at Glasgow High Court in January for raping two women. Her mother Janet Bryson has said she is "disgusted and heartbroken" at Isla’s behaviour. During her trial, Bryson said she identified as transgender from the age of four but only transitioned at the age of 29. The court heard that she is currently taking hormones and will undergo surgery to complete gender reassignment. DON'T MISSRussian nuclear bombers intercepted twice in two days near Alaska [INSIGHT]Turkey earthquake horror uncovered by satellite images show cracks [UPDATE]Three UFOs shot down by US were not linked to Chinese spy balloons [REVEAL]   Bryson was convicted last month of raping two women, one in Clydebank in 2016 and one in Drumchapel, Glasgow, in 2019. She committed the offences when she was a man, named Adam Graham. Following the conviction, Bryson was placed in Stirling women's prison, causing political and public concern. Bryson will be sentenced later this month. Mr Justice Scott, the judge, told Bryson at a previous hearing: “You have been convicted by the jury of two extremely serious charges; those being charges of rape.” He added the crimes were “considerable” and “a significant sentence is inevitable”.  