Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly ‘annoyed’ with attacking trio Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe with all three players’ futures unclear. Reports in the French media claim it is ‘very likely’ that at least one - and maybe two - of the players will leave at the end of the season. Messi and Neymar have been linked with departures in the summer transfer window. World Cup winner Messi has a contract that expires in June and has been linked with a switch to MLS, while Neymar is of reported interest to Premier League outfit Chelsea. Club officials apparently believe that all three staying at the club together would not be ‘beneficial’ for team dynamics. It has been noted that the team is often divided into two parts when the opposition has the ball, due to the front three being relieved of defensive duties. In addition, Messi, Neymar and Mbappe would supposedly react ‘badly’ if boss Christophe Galtier asked them to reposition themselves to help the defensive structure of the team. The rest of the squad allegedly ‘fear’ playing with the trio and are ‘fearful’ of making mistakes. JUST IN: Phil Neville breaks silence on Lionel Messi's rumoured move to MLS That is according to Le Parisien, who report that PSG are becoming ‘annoyed’ with Messi, Neymar and Mbappe. It is apparently not out of the question that at least one of the forwards leave in the summer, while two or even all three face the exit. The French giants supposedly have fears over Financial Fair Play, with the triumvirate taking up a large chunk of the club’s wage budget. Club leaders apparently view them as a ‘bad influence’ on the team. According to the report, Neymar’s departure is the exit that is most preferred by Qatari officials who own the club via Qatar Sports Investments. Chelsea are reportedly showing an interest in the Brazil icon despite spending £550million in just a year on primarily new attacking talent. DON'T MISS...Rio Ferdinand backs 'intelligent' Jude Bellingham to snub LiverpoolCarragher tells Liverpool to sign five players and addresses Klopp axeFootball news LIVE - Ferguson wants Man Utd role, Pochettino approach Messi, whose contract ends in the summer, is reportedly tempted by a move to Inter Miami, who are owned by David Beckham and coached by his former Manchester United and England team-mate Phil Neville. PSG are apparently keen for Messi to sign a contract extension. However, they are seemingly most keen for Mbappe to remain, if they had to choose just one. The French ace signed a whopping reported near-£1m per-week contract last May. But even Mbappe is likely to be the subject of transfer speculation in the summer. Real Madrid apparently remain interested having missed out on the 24-year-old last year.