Outer Banks made a comeback for its third season on Netflix earlier this month with the gang doing all they can to survive on "Poguelandia". Along with the teens, there is the supporting cast who reprised their roles, many of whom were eager to see the youngsters back safe and sound. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the star behind Deputy Shoupe. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outer Banks.Deputy Shoupe (played by Cullen Moss) was originally seen as the villain of season one, given he was always trying to put a stop to their Pogues' antics. Nevertheless, subscribers have come to see Shoupe as a good guy deep down who has just been doing his job. When the gang initially went missing, Deputy Shoupe was the one to make the report and set up a hotline in case anyone heard from them. So while he may not agree with everything the teens do, he has tried to look out for them. READ MORE: Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company Deputy Shoupe has been portrayed by actor Cullen Moss for all three seasons of Outer Banks. One of his first roles which shot Moss to fame was playing Junk in The CW teen drama One Tree Hill alongside Chad Michael Murray, Hilarie Burton and James Lafferty. While his role as the basketball player dwindled as the show went on, he did make an appearance in the final episode in season nine in 2012. He has since been in a number of other well known series and films over the years. The following year after starting his stint on One Tree Hill, Moss got the role of Bodee in the romantic drama The Notebook. He then went on to star in The Shadow Effect, Resurrection, Hap and Leonard, Hidden Figures and The Underground Railroad. For the first two seasons of Your Honor starring Bryan Cranston, Moss played a character called Rudy Cunningham. Last year was also a big year for him as he starred in The Staircase, Killing It, Black Bird and Women of the Movement. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding [SPOILER]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [EXPLAINER]Outer Banks star insists 'I don't want to talk’ about season 3 probe [CAST] As of yet, it isn't clear what Moss has coming up bar a short, according to his IMDb profile. He has been listed as Principal Jackson in a project called Arden High but no further details about the series have been listed. But it is thought fans will be getting to see even more of him as Deputy Shoupe. This is because Outer Banks has already been given the green light for another season. Outer Banks had been away from the small screen for two years, with filming delayed because of the coronavirus pandemic. Nevertheless, before series three was released in full, Netflix announced there would be another season on the way. So subscribers can most likely expect to see more from the teen drama sometime next year. Outer Banks is available to watch on Netflix.