More banks have confirmed they will be closing branches across the UK this year with confirmation from Lloyds, Halifax and TSB they will be shutting the doors on some of their high street venues. Banks say it's because more people are sorting out their finances and savings online but campaigners worry it will be older Britons, especially pensioners, who will be badly affected. Banks are set to close the shutters on more than 200 more branches this year because fewer people are relying on the high street to do their banking. HSBC is closing the most sites at 114 and other banks are also adding to the total with closures of their own. Lloyds Bank is closing 36 branches, Halifax is shutting 23 and TSB is closing nine branches this year. Some 54 branches close on average every month and experts fear it won't be long until there are no high street bank branches left. READ MORE: I did a shop at Tesco Express instead of a big store but I won't again Lloyds said it has come to the decision to close its branches after custom dropped around 60 percent in the past five years. A spokesman said: “Branches play an important part in our strategy but we need to have them in the right places, where they are well-used. “We’ll continue to invest in branches that are being used regularly, alongside our online, mobile app and telephone services.” However, campaigners including Which? say millions of people are going to be affected. DON'T MISS:Over 50s encouraged to take advantage of 7% interest rate [ALERT]Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak ‘needs to worry’ about raising tax rate to 25% [WARNING] Jenny Ross, Which? money editor, said Britons who are not ready to move to online banking must be “protected” from the branch closures. She said: "While many consumers have embraced digital banking, there are still millions, including the elderly, vulnerable and isolated, who aren't yet ready or willing to make that switch - and they must be protected." Customers can, however, access certain services from any of the Post Office's 11,400 branches. Britons are encouraged to use the Post Office's branch finder tool to locate their nearest.   TSB is closing these branches in 2023:  