This year, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, with whom they have two children, Archie and Lilibet, will celebrate their fourth year of marriage. While the 41-year-old is far from single now, she previously offered advice for those who have yet to find a match, shedding light on how she spent the romantic day while alone. Writing on her now defunct food and travel lifestyle blog, The Tig, named after her favourite wine Tignanello, Meghan revealed her plans for the Day of Love back in 2015, the year before she was introduced to Harry by a mutual friend. She said she could be spending the romantic day with her friends “running amok through the streets of New York” and drinking a “cocktail that’s oddly pink”. The Duchess of Sussex said she would also be wearing a pair of new shows through the snowy streets of the West Village. She continued: “I think you need to cook that beautiful dinner even when it's just you, wear your favourite outfit, buy yourself some flowers, and celebrate the self-love that often gets muddled when we focus on what we don't have."    Advising her "singleton" readers, Meghan said those spending the day on their alone needed to be “their own Valentine”, and treat and honour themselves. She continued: “I think you need to cook that beautiful dinner even when it's just you, wear your favourite outfit, buy yourself some flowers, and celebrate the self-love that often gets muddled when we focus on what we don't have." Although she had advocated for the perfect Valentine’s Day when single, she did also reveal what her perfect gift would be from a partner. Again writing in The Tig, she said it was the thought that mattered when it came to presents, writing: "In terms of gifts, be it breakfast in bed, a sweet love note, or a single flower.” READ MORE: Americans 'find Meghan Markle phoney, contrived and overdramatic'  Valentine’s Day is now a significant date for the Sussexes: it is the day they revealed that they were pregnant with their second child in 2021. This mirrored Princess Diana and King Charles III's announcement, who had told the world they were pregnant with Harry on Valentine’s Day in 1984. The announcement was a complete coincidence, according to the Duke. He told the Harry & Meghan Netflix programme that he was only made aware of it because two friends sent him newspaper articles featuring his mother’s announcement. Speaking on the docu-series released last year, Harry hinted that it could well have been fate, and said: “I was shocked. We had no idea. It was just a coincidence, or maybe not a coincidence.” DON'T MISS: Pippa Middleton 'manages weight' despite 'family life and motherhood' [INSIGHT]Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Nicola Sturgeon blow as Scottish independence and SNP support plunges [REPORT] Meghan also enjoys personal touches, and in Harry’s recently released memoir, he revealed that his wife wrote a poem upon the birth of their daughter, Lilibet, which he interpreted as a love poem. The “renewal of their vows” as he described it, revealed that she had written: “That was everything. That is a man. My love. That is not a Spare”. Not only this, but after she helped guest edit British Vogue’s special edition called Forces for Change, she sent the contributors personalised thank-you gifts. She sent a note written from her in beautiful calligraphy and a special leather-bound book with the title of the edition adorned on the cover.   