Material Girl singer Madonna, 64, is said to be suffering a “crisis of confidence” due to the breakup and recent backlash over her appearance at the Grammys. The mum-of-six and model Andrew Darnell, 23, have reportedly split after five months of dating. Sources have claimed that although Madonna isn’t heartbroken over the split, as she and Andrew only had a “casual thing” together, the breakup has nevertheless come at a rough time for the star. “It was only a very casual thing [with Darnell] so she’s not broken-hearted. “It’s just that it has come at a bad time,” the source told Page Six. Andrew, who is 41 years Madonna’s junior, and the singer/actress “had a lot of fun”, but weren’t “in love”, according to the source. READ MORE... Brooklyn Beckham unveils tattoo 'addiction' with 70 honouring wife They continued: “She’s having a bit of a crisis of confidence and this doesn’t help.  “She had a lot of fun with Andrew but it was never love or anything like that.”  Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Madonna for comment.  Madonna’s self-confidence has reportedly taken a hit after her appearance at the Grammy Awards 2023 sparked “ageist and misogynistic” criticism from viewers. The Vogue hitmaker and Andrew started dating quite soon after the end of her three-year romance with former backup dancer Ahlamalik Williams, 28. The former couple first sparked romance rumours after they were reportedly seen kissing at a party in New York City. Sources claimed to the US publication at the time: “She and Andrew were being very openly affectionate all night, snuggling and cuddling in the booth.” Before their split came to light, Madonna was forced to hit back at cruel comments about her face. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson brutally mocks Richard Hammond in height jibeRadio 2 fans 'gutted' as Ken Bruce says BBC 'want me to leave' nowQueen star unrecognisable as he transforms himself with prosthetics Viewers of the Grammys were distracted by her appearance when Madonna took to the stage to introduce Kim Petras and Sam Smith’s performance of Unholy.  Blasting the response to her looks, Madonna subsequently fumed on Instagram: “Once again I am caught in the glare of ageism and misogyny That permeates the world we live in.  “A world that refuses to celebrate women past the age of 45 and feels the need to punish her If she continues to be strong-willed, hard-working and adventurous.  “I have never apologised for any of the creative choices I have made nor the way that I look or dress and I’m not going to start. “I have been degraded by the media since the beginning of my career but I understand that this is all a test and I am happy to do the trailblazing so that all the women behind me can have an easier time in the years to come.  “In the words of Beyonce ‘You-won’t break my soul’, I look forward to many more years of subversive behavior - pushing boundaries -Standing up to the patriarchy - and Most of all enjoying my life.”  She signed off by writing: “Bow down b****s!” followed by a string of emojis.  Earlier this week, Madonna joked that the “swelling from surgery has gone down".  Making light of comments about her smooth wrinkle-free face, the pop megastar quipped alongside a selfie: "Look how cute I am now that swelling from surgery has gone down. Lol." 