Sophie, Countess of Wessex, is known for her colourful wardobe, which is full of floral dresses and light-coloured suits. On Tuesday, February 21, at the 100 Women in Finance Inaugural Cayman First Impressions Dinner, Sophie opted for an outfit that divided fans. Sophie donned a black blouse with a white, embroidered skirt and a pair of heels. The blouse was the High-neck Ruffled Stretch-Woven Blouse in Black by Me + Em. This is currently on sale on the designer's website for $81, or £67.40. Sophie is a fan of Me + Em and also wore one of its dresses this week in the Cayman Islands. The Countess matched the blouse with the Carolina Herrera Eyelet and Embroidery Midi Skirt in White. This skirt is available to buy on Saks Fifth Avenue for a whopping £526.48. It is a summery, flare midi skirt which reached Sophie's shins. Before Tuesday, Sophie had donned the skirt last summer too, on June 9. On Saks Fifth Avenue, the skirt is described as "romantic and ultra-feminine". The fashion retailer continued: "This high-waisted skirt is crafted from upcycled cotton hand-embroidered with broderie anglaise detailing. "Style it with the matching blouse and sandals on warm, sunny days." DON'T MISS:Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [BEAUTY]Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school [ROYAL INSIDER]Adam Woodyatt’s ‘weight dropped off’ after giving up popular drink [PICTURES] Sophie completed her look with a pair of Prada's Natural Classic Pumps, and a Sophie Habsburg Limited Bean Bag in the colour "Black White Few Flower". Costing €310 or £273.35, the bag was uniquely handcrafted with a variety of colourful materials. Sophie has worn the accessory before, on April 27 and June 9 last year, but not many royal watchers have previously been impressed with it. They were not impressed this week either, with most saying they disliked the bag. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims Commenting on Sophie's outfit from Tuesday, Instagram user @talesofthewales said: "Except for the bag I love the entire outfit." User @la_nadi_kovic wrote: "Gosh... these Habsburg bags are terrible. Other than that she looks lovely!" User @vcp214 commented: "She really has a thing for busy purses that look more appropriate for Louise." User @luxmeagainpreloved added: "I do agree most of the handbags are a bit juvenile." Others, though, liked Sophie's look as a whole. User @becnherboys wrote: "I love this outfit!" Julianne Wilson said: "Very pretty." User @dcpnyclon said: "Gorgeous skirt." User @aloysius.thewhippet commented: "I really like her make-up here, she's very pretty." User @alison.klem added: "Stunning as always."