Meghan Markle was pitted against Kate, the Princess of Wales, in the latest episode of South Park. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been repeatedly mocked in the animated comedy series, with a parody of the couple branded “dumb" and "stupid”. Now, in another episode of the world famous satire’s latest season, a character depicting Meghan is shown across magazine covers. These resemble real-life copies which have featured the Duchess of Sussex. However, one shows Meghan’s character on Vogue wearing a green, wide-brimmed hat, white shirt and brown hunting jacket. The apparent dig at Meghan actually references Kate’s 2016 cover, with her outfit being near-replicated wholesale in the cartoon. Jesús Enrique Rosas, a body language analyst, picked up on the reference and said that “even in South Park Meghan copies Catherine”. On his Royal Rogue YouTube channel, Jesús added: "The South Park writers went as far to imply that Meghan copies Catherine. This was masterful." In 2018, a source told the Sun that it “hasn't gone ­unnoticed by Kate's circle” that Meghan appeared to be copying Kate. ­ "Meghan was a style icon and knew what to wear... But since joining the royals she seems to be a bit lost,” they added. “Instead of finding her feet she is copying what Kate wears more often than ever. "Kate always looks stylish. She has been in the family for years and knows the protocol. So it makes sense that Meghan would look to her for inspiration." READ MORE: Prince George to be a 'focus' at King Charles's Coronation Sources in California claimed Meghan had become "upset and overwhelmed" by the ridicule she and Harry were facing from the series. However, a spokesperson for Meghan and Harry rejected reports claiming they were considering legal action against the show, telling PEOPLE: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports." The couple's statement followed a report in the Spectator, which quoted sources who say the Duchess of Sussex “is annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all”. Meghan and Harry are not the first royals mocked by South Park. In 2011, the show skewered Prince William and Kate’s wedding. A band playing “the march of a thousand farts” while a spoof of the late Queen “queefs” in the front row is seen in the episode. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews