Arsenal will finally learn their Europa League opponents in the next stage of the competition today (11am). The Gunners have known since November 3 that they would be in the last 16 after topping Group A. But the draw will only be conducted today. The north Londoners had to wait for the playoff round to be concluded, with Manchester United among the eight unseeded teams to book their spot in the last 16 last night. The Red Devils defeated Barcelona 2-1 at Old Trafford to seal a 4-3 aggregate triumph. Elsewhere, Juventus cruised past Nantes, Sevilla progressed against PSV, Sporting Lisbon crushed Midtjylland, Roma got the better of RB Salzburg and Union Berlin saw off Ajax while Bayer Leverkusen and Shakhtar Donetsk beat Monaco and Rennes respectively, both on penalties. And Arsenal will today learn which of those teams they will take on across two legs in March. Premier League rivals United will not be among the teams they can face due to Europa League rules which dictate two sides from the same association cannot play one another until the quarter-finals. MUST READ: Europa League draw - Man Utd will face one of seven teams That means Arsenal's potential opponents will be Union Berlin, Juventus, Bayer Leverkusen, Roma, Sevilla, Sporting or Shakhtar. Mikel Arteta and co will find out which team they take on at midday today. The Spaniard already knows that they will be away from home in the first leg, courtesy of winning their group. The first leg will slot in on March 9 in between the visit of Bournemouth and a trip to Fulham. The home leg will come after the match against the Cottagers, on March 16, before Crystal Palace travel to the Emirates. Arsenal are in the midst of the Premier League title race which means Arteta's focus is likely to be on their domestic matches, despite the possibility of silverware in Europe. The Gunners are two points clear of Manchester City at the summit but have a game in hand on the reigning champions. That extra match sees them take on Everton, a match initially cancelled due to the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September, next Wednesday on home soil. The Toffees are one of just two teams, along with United, to beat them this season. Sean Dyche's men won 1-0 at Goodison Park at the start of the month in what was the Englishman's first match in charge. And Arsenal will be eager for revenge as they bid to win their first Premier League title since 2004. Before the visit of Everton, Arteta's charges face a rejuvenated Leicester at the King Power Stadium this Saturday. Bukayo Saka is expected to be fine for Arsenal despite a knock in the last match against Aston Villa, but Gabriel Jesus and Mohamed Elneny are definite absentees with Thomas Partey also likely to miss out due to injury.