The British-Turkish star Tamer Hassan spoke to Sky News about the devastation in Turkey and how it is personally impacted him and his family. Tamer, whose daughter Belle is a Love Island star, is now leading a campaign to raise £100,000 to help with humanitarian aid. He held back tears as he said: "We have family missing. Due to the cold weather, we're not hopeful... we're quite worried. "I have no words. We're all devastated. We have family that are lost, not found. "I'm currently in Cyprus, I'll be heading over to Turkey in the next couple of days. "We are here raising money, sending over supplies and trying to find a route into Turkey and into the worst affected areas."  READ MORE: British survivor of earthquake in Turkey breaks down in GMB interview Although he was born in London, Turkey will always be considered his home and he is keen to help those in need. Tamer made the appeal after it was revealed relatives of Love Island winner Ekin-Su Culculoglu were also suffering.  He added: "The biggest distress for me is that there are some areas there that have been completely flattened with no help. "That's our biggest fear, so what we are trying to do here is ascertain exactly where the most help is needed.  "We have just found out that clothes is one issue so literally we are reaching out to everyone around the world. "Everybody who can see what's happening here with this humanitarian disaster, we are just holding our hands out for everybody to help as much as they can. "As I have said before, we have family there, people dying. My biggest fear there is that people are going to start turning on each other. "I don't think the government there is doing enough, they need to step up now and do a lot more for us." DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the iceJane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own splitLoose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' He continued: "And unite as one so we can all help as much as we can here. "We have family missing in these earthquakes who haven't been found. "Due to the cold weather, we are not hopeful, we are quite worried." The Sky News journalist gave the star a moment to compose himself as he started getting emotional. Speaking of being in Cyprus, he said: "This whole island is devastated by what has gone on here, the kids that haven't been found. "So many people from Cyprus are over there as well, so many people from the UK are flying over there. "I said I would be there as well, it's just to help everyone. The fear again, I keep saying, is we are trying to find a route in. "We know that everything is needed from medicine, water, petrol."