Chelsea could be set to revive their attempts to sign PSG star Neymar after it emerged owner Todd Boehly met with the club's CEO Nasser Al-Khelaifi on Tuesday to discuss a potential transfer, according to reports. The Brazilian forward is understood to be unhappy at the club following a falling out with sporting director Luis Campos, and now a move to west London in the summer could be on the cards. The Blues have already spent over £600million on transfers since Boehly and financial fund Clearlake Capital took control of the club in May 2022, as well as breaking the club's transfer to sign Enzo Fernandez from Benfica for £107m. But it seems the American is far from done in terms of recruiting players for Graham Potter's squad. Despite already recruiting attacking talents such as Joao Felix, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Noni Madueke, Boehly is making moves behind the scenes. The billionaire was keen on bringing Neymar to Stamford Bridge in the summer before PSG blocked his departure. However, it seems their stance has since changed, with Le Parisien reporting the 48-year-old met with PSG supremo Al-Khelaifi on Tuesday in Paris to discuss a potential sale. READ MORE: Chelsea's Boehly has caused 'difficult' transfer problem for Potter Neymar has hit 12 goals and assisted 10 for his team-mates in Ligue 1 this season, but the 31-year-old could be sold in the summer as the Parisian outfit look to offer Lionel Messi a new contract to convince the World Cup winner to stay. His status in the PSG squad has taken a hit following their 2-0 defeat to AS Monaco last weekend, as the 58-year-old director - along with captain Marquinhos - singled out some players for their lack of fight. The French press reported Neymar had a huge argument with Campos and is said to have used harsh words about some of his team-mates, with 20-year-old striker Hugo Ektike being bearing the brunt of the Brazilian's criticism. And PSG's 1-0 defeat to 10-man Bayern Munich on Tuesday is unlikely to have helped matters, with Neymar on the losing side for the third straight game as Christophe Galtier's men fell to defeat. The result leaves their Champions League hopes hanging in the balance and another failure could see Neymar try his luck elsewhere. Neymar signed for the French champions in a world-record £198m (€222m) deal from Barcelona in 2017 after they exercised his release clause, with ambitions to win the Champions League and for the talented playmaker to collect the Ballon d'Or award. But he is yet to achieve either in his six seasons at the club - and he has been linked with a move away. Chelsea would have no problem meeting his eye-watering wage demands if PSG are open to sale, while Manchester City and Manchester United could be keen on entering the race for the Brazil No 10. And with Boehly said to be keen to bring the Selecao star to Stamford Bridge, there remains a chance he could be playing in the Premier League next season.