Former Top Gear and Who Wants to be a Millionaire? host Jeremy Clarkson struck gold with his docu-series Clarkson's Farm which went down a storm with subscribers. The Amazon Prime Video show has since returned with the opinionated personality fronting another eight episodes. The show delves into his second year running Diddly Squat Farm, dealing with a new herd of cows and the opening of an onsite restaurant. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Clarkson's Farm. Clarkson's Farm first made its debut on Amazon Prime Video in June 2021 before returning for series two on Friday, February 10. Subscribers will be thrilled to know that the informative and hilarious docu-series has already been given the green light for another outing. Prime Video commissioned Clarkson's Farm for a third season last year, even before the second series was released. In fact, filming for the next lot of episodes started in October so work is well underway. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star So far, there has been no talk of a possible release date for season three. It is strongly believed that Clarkson's Farm could return sometime in 2024 so there is still quite some time to wait. Unfortunately, season three very well could spell the end of Clarkson's Farm as it has been widely reported it will be the show's last series. This is because Prime Video has reportedly cut ties with the 62-year-old presenter. The news came after Clarkson's controversial column in The Sun about Meghan Markle. He talked of how he "hates" the Duchess of Sussex which he later publicly apologised for. A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan said in a statement: “On Dec. 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. "The contents of his correspondence were marked Private and Confidential. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny. “Unless each of his other pieces were also written ‘in a hurry,’ as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate.” DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [SPOILER]How to watch Clarkson's Farm season 2 for FREE [EXPLAINER]Jeremy Clarkson ‘was stupid’ says longtime friend Richard Hammond [CAST] It has been reported that Prime Video is going to stop working with Clarkson after the shows that have already been commissioned are completed. As a result, Clarkson's Farm could end with season three and The Grand Tour could also be scrapped. Prime Video is yet to comment on its future partnership with Clarkson. Not too long after opening the doors to his onsite restaurant, the presenter chose to close it for good. There were initial issues surrounding the planning application for the restaurant but Clarkson supposedly found a "loophole". Its doors opened in July 2022 but neighbours complained of it causing traffic in the local area. As a result of the ongoing dispute, Clarkson decided to abandon the restaurant altogether, leaving just his farm shop and food van. Clarkson's Farm seasons one and two are available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.