Britons who don’t use mains gas for heating are to receive the Alternative Fuel Payment. Businesses that use alternative fuels are also to receive £150 off their bills. The Alternative Fuel Payment scheme launches today with nearly two million households who use heating sources such as heating oil, biomass and liquefied petroleum gas to get the support. Most people will receive the funds as a credit on their bill in February, including households in rural areas. Some will need to apply, such as those who live in park home or on static houseboats with no direct energy supplier. Individuals will be able to apply using an online portal which is to launch on the Government website later this month. From this Wednesday, energy suppliers will start making payments to businesses and public and voluntary sector groups who use alternative fuels for their heating. The £150 credit will be given to eligible people across the UK as part of the Non-Domestic Alternative Fuel Payment scheme (ND-AFP). This support will be sent out until March 10 with most of the payments due to be made this month. There is no need for a group to contact their supplier as the payments will be made automatically.  Minister for Energy and Climate, Graham Stuart, said: “Our main energy bill support schemes have seen millions of homes and businesses across the country get much-needed help to cover costs, with figures today showing nearly £3billion in government support has been paid out to businesses to date. “Now we’re getting support to those remaining few that are off the gas grid and most difficult to reach. “I am determined to see households and businesses of all stripes protected from global pressures this winter – whether that’s those living in a houseboat, park home or operating a rural hospital or school.” The Government has urged people to be vigilant of scammers who may exploit the offer to try and dupe people into handing over their details. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing People should only enter their details on the gov.uk website where all official communications will be issued. No one will be asked for information by a group outside of the portal on the Government website. If a person needs help with applying for the support, they may benefit from getting a friend or family member to help them. All households in England, Scotland and Wales with a domestic energy supply are receiving a £400 discount off their energy bills. The money is being paid in monthly instalments, from October 2022 to March 2023, with £67 instalments for this month and March. The £400 discount is also being paid to all households in Northern Ireland as part of a £600 payment. People on prepayment meters are receiving a voucher for the £600 payment, to be redeemed at the Post Office. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) said all vouchers have been sent out to keypad and credit customers, as well as to all direct debit customers.