The royal biographer joined GB News presenters Philip Davies and Ester McVey to discuss whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would make an appearance at King Charles III's coronation. She left viewers outraged when she claimed Harry owed the family an apology and was continuing to try and humiliate them. Angela began her outburst: “I know William is absolutely furious and livid with his brother for behaving so badly and revealing their privacy and absolutely having no care about how he spoke about them and King Charles. “So they decided they're not going to apologise and I think that's absolutely right. If anybody should apologise, he [Harry] should apologise. "We don't know specifically what the apology is, it's just in general an apology, certainly about Meghan. “Apparently, he is even more annoyed because Lady Hussey was upset and there was an apology to her, so he feels that because she had one, he should have one. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "But that's nonsense because one thing has got nothing to do with the other. Another thing which I think is ridiculous, they can't work out if they are coming or going." "They can't work out their itinerary until they get an invitation," she continued. "Well, I can tell them that it is going to be at 11am on the 6th." Angela added: “I think he wants to humiliate his family because he feels that he's not been in charge and he's now become a sort of bully over the last few years. "He said he wants to fix how the Royal Family works, it's delusional. Commenting on whether she expects Meghan to be at the coronation, Angela added: “Meghan obviously doesn't want to come. I hope she doesn't. "He still has the residue of love for his father, which he won't really admit, but he won't let go. I mean, if I didn't like my family, they wouldn't see me, but he is torn. "He obviously doesn't like it in America, he'd like to be back here but he can't be because he's stuck with his wife and children there. "I think it's very difficult for him to make a decision." DON'T MISS...Vernon Kay to 'take over' Ken Bruce's Radio 2 show angering fans [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale [WATCH]Call the Midwife's Helen George speaks on Trixie not having children [LATEST] Annoyed with the comments she made against the couple, viewers took to their Twitter accounts to express their views. @CRichardsob stated: "She should apologise, she does nothing but spew hate." Loraine Bateman asked: "For what exactly?? And he doesn’t feel he needs to apologise for trashing his family??? Double standards there Harry." Sue Sanders simply wrote: "'Reportedly’ - not a fact then." John Chaytor fumed: "Who makes the most money out of the royals? #1 Harry and Meghan, #2 Angela Levin and Tom Bowyer. Nice little earner all around." Dave Gibson commented: "If anyone is going to apologise, Harry should apologise!' Angela is still obsessing about Harry, maybe she needs a little counselling or should take up a worthwhile activity such as organising jumble sales." (sic) However, not all viewers were against her views as @Pupper63Delores said: "Agreed but I don't think you could believe him." @GigiNapalan praise: "Angela Levin is such an incredible royal columnist. I agree with her, Harry should be the one apologising to his family." (sic) Philip Davies and Ester McVey's show airs on Saturdays from 12pm on GB News.