Prince William, 40, stepped out wearing a very flattering jacket at the BAFTAs with his wife Kate Middleton, 41. While all eyes were on the Princess of Wales's dazzling Alexander McQueen gown, the Prince of Wales also looked incredibly handsome. Royal fan @rexregbrit tweeted: "The Prince of Wales looked dapper in his double-breasted black velvet dinner jacket at the EE BAFTA Film Awards last night, Royal Festival Hall, London." The jacket in question is a "double-breasted velvet suit jacket" designed by Tom Ford, which costs a whopping £3,350. Although sold out now at many outlets, it can be purchased for £2,345 at Matches Fashion. The description says: "Tom Ford's double-breasted suit jacket is impeccably tailored in Italy from plush black velvet with peak lapels and front buttons edged in silk satin." READ MORE: The 'understated' ring Kate would wear to show she was dating William Prince William paired the jacket with some smart black trousers, black shoes a white shirt and a big black bow tie. His black and white look perfectly matched Kate's white dress with the chic black gloves. In fact, this was a key assumption that royal fans came up with as to why the Princess wore gloves in the first place. Many fans on social media were confused why Kate paired her white Alexander McQueen gown with black Cornelia Parker gloves, as opposed to white ones.  For instance, @daynalanier wrote: "The gloves are very weird. The dress is pretty, but those gloves are so distracting in not a good way." In addition, @brea_mcb added: "What possessed her or any stylist to add those gloves?" Also, @mrskvall commented: "Ditch the gloves and this look would be a 10/10." Royal watcher @the__reddot said: "I appreciate the stark contrast and see what the stylist was trying to achieve.  "However, with the amount of fabric being over the shoulder, it overtakes the elegance of the gloves. It’s still a great look but a bit jumbled." But there was actually a good reason why Kate chose to wear gloves, according to one royal fan, and it was to do with Prince William's velvet jacket. Twitter user @rexregbrit claimed: "Some people complained that the Princess of Wales’s black gloves ruined her white dress. "I don’t think so. It was suitable for the monochrome tone and matched the Prince’s dinner jacket. "You can do no wrong for pairing black gloves with a white dress, and vice versa." The renowned designer Vera Wang is said to have designed the look back in 2014 of a long white elegant dress paired with elongated black gloves. Many royal fans were pleased by Kate's look, however. For instance, @vinecircle said: "I have a feeling that this will begin a new fashion trend." Another fan, @JenCarsonTaylor added: "Gosh. Prince William looks gorgeous. Princess Catherine looks divine. They never disappoint. Happy and thriving."