Former Coronation Street star Will Mellor, who competed in last year's Strictly Come Dancing, explained whilst speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk how he had hoped the challenge would force Keith "out of his comfort zone" as the comedian wasn't "a keen driver". Dave series World's Most Dangerous Roads sees groups of famous faces tested to their limits as they get behind the wheel for some of the most perilous conditions, phenomenal landscapes and riveting driving challenges to be found across the globe. Talking about what attracted him to take part in the series, Will said Strictly "pushed him out of his comfort zone" and that he wanted a new challenge. However, it was also important to him for Keith to test himself. "They said, 'Who do you want to do this with?' We had a chat, obviously Leigh - Keith Lemon - Leigh Francis is a very good friend of mine. "And I know he's not keen on driving and I thought, 'That'll be entertaining.' READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "But we're very different people. I know I can spend a lot of time with him and we all get on each other's nerves because we're both very different. "But you know, we both get along very well. And yeah, I wanted to get him out of his comfort zone as well and show him you know, life's about getting out there because he sort of doesn't like doing things like this, so it's like a first to see him in this way." The actor added: "So I'm hoping the audience will enjoy it!" He later explained how his friend had surprised him during their adventure. "I got surprised because Keith really got involved, and he said, 'I'm not driving,'" Will recalled. "He's not a keen driver, it's not long since he past his test. "He only does the school run usually, so this was well out of his comfort zone." Keith wasn't always thrilled by the experience though and often questioned why they were doing it. DON'T MISS... Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [LATEST]Chris Packham awkwardly shuts down GMB host over 'unfriendly' remark [VIDEO]The Masked Dancer axed by ITV for 2023 in schedule shake up [LATEST] The 46-year-old actor remembered: "The thing about Dangerous Roads is we don't do the tourist thing. "We go over the mountain passes where, you know, sadly, a lot of people have died. "We went across this road called The Road of Crosses because of graves that are on this mountaintop where people have gone over the edge. "So when we saw that, that was a real but-clencher! And Leigh - Keith - kept saying, 'Why are we doing this?' "And he asked, 'What happens if we go over the edge?' I went, 'Well, we're dead.'" Thankfully, the pair managed to complete their journey relatively unscathed. Will admitted they both suffered from "sore backs" after being "chucked about" in the car, but they both enjoyed seeing Albania "the right way". World’s Most Dangerous Roads continues on Sunday at 8pm on Dave. Watch the full series on UKTV Play. 