Amanda Owen took to Twitter on Tuesday night and shared her distress amid the crisis as the mum-of-nine admitted she feels "helpless". The shepherdess, who recently made her new show debut after Our Yorkshire Farm was cancelled, was inundated with messages of support as she shed a tear. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Amanda, 44, shared a candid message with her 208,000 followers, which she accompanied with a picture of her children. She wrote: "Beyond comprehension to imagine the utter devastation in aftermath of earthquakes. Lives destroyed in the blink of an eye, feel helpless. What to do? "Donate… pray… reflect on how fortunate we are? Saw Reubs watching excavators sifting through rubble on TV, where would you start? [emoji with a tear]." The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned that the death toll in Turkey could pass 20,000. READ MORE: Donny Osmond's sister Marie, 63, addresses dramatic transformation Monday's earthquakes in the country and neighbouring Syria razed thousands of buildings to the ground, with some tremors clocking in at 7.8 and 7.5 on the Richter scale. The latest figures have confirmed that more than 4,800 people have died so far, with many more people unaccounted for as temperatures plummeted below zero overnight. Orhan Tatar, an official at the Disaster and Emergency Management Authority (AFAD) said the newest figures bring the combined death toll in Turkey and Syria to 4,890. Mr Tartar added that the earthquakes injured another 20,426 people and collapsed 5,775 buildings.  Following Amanda's post she was quickly inundated with messages as social media users offered their support. Alison tweeted: "So tragic and heartbreaking." Stuart agreed: "It’s a reality check for sure. All my trivial problems seem so pathetic right now. I have to stop myself thinking about all the people still trapped as we speak. Not being able to help them. Thank god for the rescue teams arriving to do what I can’t." Julie wrote: "It's unimaginable Amanda, I can't even begin to think how awful it must be in Turkey at the moment." DON'T MISS... Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[EXCLUSIVE]Stacey Solomon hints she's about to give birth after new baby photo[INSTAGRAM]I'm A Celeb's Carl Fogarty breaks silence as daughter on Love Island[TV] Jax commented: "I know it's absolutely heartbreaking... I can't watch it or I'll cry." Bibi added: "Exactly Amanda...how do these devastated countries come back from this? Losing everyone and everything. Donate for sure, but I know I'd rather physically help." Her post comes after the mum-of-nine was dealt another devastating blow in the TV audience ratings battle against her ex-husband Clive Owen. Amanda has launched her own programme, Amanda Owen's Real Farming Lives, which broadcasts weekly on Channel 4's sister channel, More 4.  Amanda's new show pulled in a peak of 610,000 people, which is miles behind Clive's Beyond The Yorkshire Farm, which took an impressive 1.7M viewers, nearly triple the ratings. Channel 5 previously addressed scrapping Our Yorkshire Farm after the former couple announced their separation in June. Amanda and Clive decided to call it quits after 22 years of marriage.