Tyson Fury has a crazy idea to ‘deal with YouTube boxers’. The Gypsy King says he is willing to round up 50 YouTubers and ‘take them out’ one by one on the same night. Crossover boxing has seen a massive rise in popularity over the years. Ever since KSI and Logan Paul squared off for the first time in 2019, the sphere has skyrocketed in popularity. Now it seems every influencer is lacing up the gloves and the industry is booming. KSI’s Misfits Boxing recently signed a lucrative multi-year deal with streaming service DAZN while Paul and Deji Olatunji secured money-spinning exhibition bouts with boxing legend Floyd Mayweather. Even Fury is in some way connected to the scene with his brother Tommy Fury set to box Jake Paul later this month over in Saudi Arabia. So, it’s perhaps no surprise that Tyson is getting a bit tired of the act. “Yes, I’d fight them all at once,” Fury told Daily Star. “I don’t know how many YouTube boxers there are. But let’s say there are 50 of them. What we will do is get all 50 of them in a row and then put them all in for a round each. “Then I’ll take them all out in one night. Why not? Each one of them will get to do one five minute round and see if they can last. That’s how you deal with the YouTubers. All in one night!” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Usyk Wembley hopes given major boost but fight has snag Boxer vomits all over the ring after taking stomach-churning punch Inside Riley’s incredible rise from KSI’s coach to British boxing star Fury though has bigger challenges ahead of him though. Chiefly, Oleksandr Usyk, who is still in negotiations with the Mancunian to stage the first undisputed heavyweight unification clash of the four-belt era. The pair were expected to box each other over in Saudi Arabia with the Middle Eastern country prepared to put up ‘the biggest purse in boxing history’. However, those plans have since fallen by the wayside as the Saudis are reportedly unable to confirm whether the construction of their new stadium in Jeddah can be completed in time for the event. The historic encounter is now being targeted for April 29 at London’s Wembley Stadium. Both men have until the end of this week to finalise the paperwork otherwise Fury will box a different opponent on the same date. Boxing fans will be hoping this deadline can be met to avoid the events that led to the downfall of Anthony Joshua vs Fury in December. 