Drivers can defrost their vehicles using common household items on freezing winter mornings such as today, according to experts. Car leasing company Vehicle Contracts has urged drivers to use cooking spray and hand sanitiser as simple replacements when temperatures drop below zero. The experts at Vehicle Contracts said: “Every part of your car’s exterior is liable to freeze and stick in place overnight. “If you’re worried about your car doors freezing shut, spray a simple cooking spray along the rubber edges of your car doors. “Wipe away the excess then close the doors and leave it overnight. “In the morning, your car doors should open easily even if the rest of the car is icy!” READ MORE: Huge 'concern' for drivers as petrol and diesel prices likely to rise They added: “Nowadays everyone tends to have hand sanitiser on them, which makes this particular hack all the more convenient. “If you use a manual car key, it’s a common occurrence for the keyhole to freeze over making it impossible to turn the lock. “If you break the key in the lock, replacement car keys cost up to £250, so it can be a costly issue to solve. “One of the key ingredients of hand sanitiser is alcohol, which will cause any ice to simply melt away. DON'T MISS 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Drivers encouraged to use a 'magic' one-button tip to defrost car [REVEAL] Simple gear-changing technique may help drivers slash fuel consumption [ADVICE] “Cover your keys in hand sanitiser and it should glide in no problem!” A study by the AA found 83 percent of drivers used a proper ice-scraper when clearing their vehicles. Meanwhile, 63 percent said they used de-icer spray when frost built up. However, Robert Harris, Director of Vehicle Contracts said there was “no need” to splash out on specialist products. READ MORE: Just one charger installed for every 53 electric cars sold last year He said: “Most people don’t realise how many household items can be used to improve their driving safety in winter. “With no need to spend on specialist de-icer products, you can invest in worthwhile winter safety items such as winter tyres, a snow shovel, torch and blanket in case you get caught out by extreme winter weather.” Another common issue on a frosty morning is wiper blades sticking to the windscreen. It’s not advisable to just try and pry them off as they could snap or cause more damage.  Instead, drivers should wipe down each blade with rubbing alcohol on a cloth. Not only will it cut through the frost, but it will also remove any debris from the blade that can cause streaking and squeaking noises. The expert added that drivers should allow extra time in the morning to get their cars into a drivable condition. Motorists have been encouraged to remain patient and treat safety as an absolute priority. 