This weekend Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania hit cinemas and introduced Marvel fans to the franchise’s new Thanos-level villain, Kang the Conqueror. The time travelling baddie played by Jonathan Majors has many variants who are set to be the main threat in 2025’s Avengers: The Kang Dynasty. Ant-Man 3 screenwriter Jeff Loveness, a Rick and Morty alumni, is penning Avengers 5. And now a new leak claims which MCU megastar will lead the superhero team, with Iron Man and the original Captain America out of the picture. According to reliable leaker MyTimeToShineHello, Spider-Man star Tom Holland has signed a “new huge deal IN SECRET” and his Peter Parker will lead Avengers: The Kang Dynasty. Avengers 5 is set to be part one of the epic conclusion to the MCU’s Multiverse saga, with Avengers Secret Wars following in 2026 – much like how Endgame came after Infinity War. Secret Wars is the title of a famous Marvel Comics run in which universes collided and multiple variants of the same superheroes existed in the same space. With this in mind, we’d be very surprised if Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield didn’t return, especially after the monumental success of Spider-Man: No Way Home which made over $1.9 billion at the box office. And if that wasn’t enough, the scooper also claims that Holland’s Spider-Man 4 is on the way. MyTimeToShineHello: "Spider-Man 4 will come out before Secret Wars.” That would be a release date of around 2025 or 2026 during Marvel Phase 6. There have been rumours that Holland will sign on for another Spidey trilogy, once that takes him, MJ and Ned to college. Although let's not forget that the MCU has forgotten who Peter is following the events of No Way Home. Whatever the case, Sony could also introduce a live-action Miles Morales, the black Spider-Man, who Peter could train to succeed him in the MCU from Spider-Man 7 onwards. Certainly, the studio’s producer Amy Pascal intends on working on multiple projects with Holland. READ MORE: Avengers 5 and 6 release dates, titles announced with new MCU movies Speaking previously with Fandango, Pascal said:  "We are getting ready to make the next Spider-Man movie with Tom Holland and Marvel. We're thinking of this as three films, and now we're going to go onto the next three. This is not the last of our MCU movies. Yes, Marvel and Sony are going to keep going together as partners.” And Holland told GQ around No Way Home’s release: “I might do Spider-Man 4, 5, and 6, finish when I’m 32, and never make another. I’m not sure what I want to do.” SOURCES: FANDANGO/GQ