Dry, chapped lips are a common skin concern for people of all ages but when it comes to mature complexions, fine lines are another thing to consider. While makeup can be used to cover most ageing concerns, lip products can emphasise texture on dehydrated, loose skin. Beauty experts have shared the best fast-acting remedies for smoother-looking lips - and the lipstick shades to avoid for mature complexions. Anti-ageing remedies often take time to work, but there are some easy fixes that can instantly make a difference to the appearance of your lips. While texture on this part of the face is impossible to avoid even on young complexions, dermatopathologist Gretchen Frieling explained that wrinkles are more common with age as your skin loses plumpness. She said: "Lips get their shape in part from collagen, and as we age, we produce less of it. UV damage, genetics and lifestyle factors such as smoking can also be culprits." All of these can contribute to the formation of wrinkles, including vertical lines and lines above the mouth and on the lips themselves. READ MORE: 'I'll never put my heating on again after trying Lakeland bargain' Taking better care of the skin on your lips can instantly transform your overall appearance, particularly if fine lines and wrinkles are concerns elsewhere on your face. There are several ways to do this, though all of them should involve plumping the area with moisture. Before moisturising your lips, Gretchen recommended exfoliating dead skin cells to "promote cell turnover" and make the skin look instantly "smoother" and "plumper". To do this, you can buff your lips daily with a clean toothbrush, a damp cloth or a lip scrub to remove flakes. Doing so will also boost circulation to leave a flushed, red hue. If you're on the go, you can mix a DIY scrub into a small pot using a small amount of coconut or olive oil and sugar. DON'T MISS:DEAL OF THE DAY: £14 Boots dupe for Charlotte Tilbury Flawless Filter [DEALS]Carol Vorderman suffers severe beauty blunder [INSIGHT]Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [REVEAL] Once your lips are clean and smooth, you can coat them in a thick layer of hydrating balms or serums to fill fine lines and create a more even texture. According to Gretchen, products with anti-ageing ingredients that "lock in moisture" are the best for deflated lips. She said: "Look for hyaluronic acid, peptides and fatty acids like cer­amides." Use products liberally throughout the morning, afternoon and evening for maximum benefits - particularly during bouts of particularly hot or cold weather. Grapeseed and jojoba oil are other key ingredients to look for if you're looking for instantly plumping and smoothing results. READ MORE: Beauty expert shares makeup mistake that can 'age you' by 15 year  Moisture is especially important if you enjoy a bold lip colour as part of your everyday look, but concealing wrinkles goes beyond the preparation. Dr Ross Perry, medical director of Cosmedics skin clinics told Express.co.uk: "Lips can look dry, crusty and cracked during the winter months and as we age, making lines around the mouth appear more prominent. "Using darker shades of lipstick can exaggerate lines around the mouth. Opt for moisturising lipsticks which will help to hydrate the lips and try to aim for nude colours which will not only make thinner looks look fuller but lines appear less obvious. "It’s important to use a moisturising lip balm with an added SPF during the colder months. Those containing petroleum jelly work well as they can heal dry and cracked lips sealing in moisture at the same time." While there are certain colours to avoid, Gretchen added that other cosmetics can be used to even out the appearance of fine lines by drawing attention away from textured lines. The dermatopathologist noted lip colour products that reflect light - such as glosses and high-shine finish lipsticks can "help diffuse the look of lip wrinkles". Another trick commonly used by makeup artists is to draw attention to the plumpest points of your lips using a dab of highlighter on your Cupid's bow or the centre of your lips. This can be applied over your lip colour to catch the light and mimic a soft-focus, "pillowy" effect.