Posting a set of photos of the tattoos and the couple's wedding day on both her reel and page, the singer shared with her followers the couple's commitment to each other. She captioned the post: “Commitment, Happy Valentine's Day my love.” Jennifer, 53, then went on to post a set of images that revealed exactly where she decided to place her new inking. In the selfie, the A-lister, who was wearing a white cropped T-shirt, revealed the personal tattoo. Located on her ribcage, the singer showed her 234 million followers the design, an infinity symbol inked red with an arrow. Jennifer then posted her new husband Ben’s version, which is located on his forearm. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap The former Batman star, 50 opted for two black crossed arrows with the couple's initials placed in the centre. The images that Jennifer posted on Valentine's Day come after the singer paid tribute to her husband following the pair's night out and alleged spat at the 65th Grammy Awards. The Love Don’t Cost a Thing singer claimed that she had "the best time" - despite pictures from the night showing him appearing to look bored. However, viewers thought differently to her and claimed that the couple appeared to be in the middle of a row at what looked like Ben's lack of engagement at the ceremony. Jennifer seemingly snapped at a glum-faced Ben but once the pair realised they had been spotted, the couple went from annoyance to animated at presenter Trevor Noah’s hosting. As the camera panned the celebrity audience, fans previously claimed that the actor looked bored and uncomfortable while his wife was all smiles on the night. Jennifer was invited to attend the glitzy award ceremony to present the Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album and attended with her spouse. They quickly flocked to social media to share hilarious comments and memes of Ben looking unimpressed. DON'T MISSJK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans commentsHarry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane MooreRichard Hammond skewers ‘mean’ Jeremy Clarkson over farm produce One fan tweeted: “Ben checking the clock on the wall #Grammys.” While another posted: “Ben Affleck would rather be anywhere than the front row at the #Grammys 2023 watching Stevie Wonder crush Higher Ground.” The loved-up pair have been inseparable since they tied the knot in July last year, in front of their new blended family. The wedding comes as the actress sensationally announced her engagement to the Dare Devil star last April, 18 years after they originally called off their wedding.  The Hollywood stars began dating in July 2002 and got engaged in November of that year. They were due to tie the knot in September 2003 but postponed the wedding just days before the ceremony. They ultimately called off their engagement in January 2004. The next year Ben married actress Jennifer Garner, with whom he has three children - Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10. They divorced in 2018 after 13 years of marriage. Jennifer's past relationships include her 10-year marriage to singer Marc Anthony.