James Martin, 50, has amassed a large following and has been the face of BBC's Saturday Kitchen, before moving on to his own show on ITV. However, the chef has left some of his fans rather disappointed with his promotional Valentine's Day post. James took to Twitter yesterday to share an advertisement in honour of the occasion in view of his 730,200 followers. The TV chef took to his Twitter to share a snap of himself holding a can of tomatoes as he promoted the product. He captioned the promotional post: "What are you cooking for that someone special this Valentine’s Day? Choose Cirio and bring the heart of Italy to your dish! #ad." However, many fans were left less than impressed by the TV chef's latest partnership and even questioned whether James had been hacked. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits MaryC130 said: "Come on @jamesmartinchef .... you're better than this!!" AndrewBanister3 added: "Have you been hacked? I am doing Scallops in the Shell, Fillet Steak and Molten Chocolate Cake. "I'll give it a go tipping a can of this red mush on top - would you like a pic for the show on Saturday?" Snods275 commented: "Nothing says true love like a tin of chopped tomatoes." LadyPutt69 said: "You really have sold your soul to the advertising men, haven’t you? First baked potatoes, now canned tomatoes (probably others I’ve missed). "Can’t take you seriously as a chef any more." This comes as James had to take to Instagram late last night to warn his 708,000 followers of a fake social media account. The account's profile read: "Personal assistant manager of James Martin Head of Management team for top fan and administration." DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [COMMENT] NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27 [DEATH] Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings [PICS] James captioned the post, with the warning: "Please do not follow this account, or give out personal or financial details to it. "It is not associated with me at all. @jamesmartinchef is my only Instagram account and is verified with a blue tick, as are all my social media accounts. Stay safe all." James is very particular about the ingredients he uses in his cooking, and previously opened up about a product he would ban from all foods if he could. The TV chef admitted to Express.co.uk last year that he hates margarine and hopes for it to be taken off shelves for good. James explained: "Margarine should be banned. It’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat. "It’s dreadful, dreadful stuff - it’s two elements away from plastic, it’s horrendous stuff. "I’m a farmer’s kid. We’ve always had full-fat milk, butter, and cream. And that’s what we had. There wasn’t such a thing as semi-skimmed milk in our house. "That’s the problem in this country. It’s not the butter in a butter block or butter you put on your toast. It’s the fact that not as many people cook in the UK as they do in France or Italy or Spain." You can watch James on James Martin's Saturday Morning on Saturday at 9.30am on ITV One