 Britons are on course to pay a record £7billion in inheritance tax this year and HMRC's money grab is only going to grow over time. The IHT threshold has been frozen at £325,000 since 2009, and now Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has extended the freeze until 2028. If the Labour Party wins the next election inheritance tax raids are more likely to intensify than ease, so families should do all they can to reduce their exposure. One overlooked option is trust planning, something many dismiss because I think it is only for the super rich. Others ignore a little-known option that involves making gifts from regular income to a loved one, which immediately become free of IHT. Some struggle to understand how it could works while others do not even know this valuable tax break exists, said Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at wealth manager Quilter. Yet done properly, it could allow families to move large sums out of the range of HMRC, especially if they have exhausted better-known gifting options. Every adult can gift a maximum £3,000 a year IHT-free, so couples could gift £6,000 in total (and mop up last year’s allowances too, if unused). Brits can make smaller IHT-free gifts of up to £250 per person, provided the recipient has not benefited from the £3,000 allowance. Parents can also gift £5,000 to a child on marriage, or £2,500 to a grandchild or great-grandchild who is getting married, and £1,000 to a relative or friend. Any further gifts are known as “potentially exempt transfers” and only fully escape IHT if you live for another seven years after making them. These gift limits are well known, but limited.    Families who want to do more should therefore consider making regular gifts from excess income as well, Griffin said. “The normal expenditure out of income exemption opens up more options, particularly for those who still work, or who have some excess income they do not need but want to save for their beneficiaries.” Unlike other gifting options, there is no limit on the amount of excess income that can be gifted, she said. “Providing you have enough income left to meet your usual standard of living and spending needs, you can pass on as much as you wish within the exemption.” How much will vary depending on your personal financial circumstances, Griffin said. “To take an extreme example, a Premier League footballer could probably afford to gift £10,000 a month while still meeting the criteria. For most, the sums will be a lot smaller and depend on the standard of living you are looking to maintain.” A parent or grandparent who wants to help a child or grandchild with their rent could potentially use this exemption, helping them out while reducing a future IHT bill. This exemption would allow them to offer more support than if they gave a lump sum or used another gifting allowance. READ MORE: Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid   It needs to be done carefully, though, as you have to meet certain criteria to avoid falling foul of HMRC, Griffin said. Payments must be from current income. This includes earned income, dividends, interest, rental income or pension income, rather than capital. Income saved from previous years may be deemed capital and is ineligible. Gifts must come out of normal expenditure, rather than one-off sources of cash. You must have enough income to live on, with no negative impact on your standard of living after making the payment. Gifts should also be consistent. HMRC will look for a pattern of payments over a reasonable period, typically of at least three to four years. However, they do not need to be the same amount on the same date. You must keep clear records of all gifts to show HMRC if requested. Making regular gifts from income could prove too expensive for many older people as living costs soar, but it does offer a valuable tax planning opportunity for those who can make the commitment.  