Former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie believes Sir Jim Ratcliffe would be the perfect next owner of Manchester United for Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils have been flying ever since the appointment of the Dutchman back in the summer. And they continued their impressive form with a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday. Back in November, shortly after Cristiano Ronaldo’s bombshell interview with Piers Morgan, the Glazers confirmed they were open to selling the club. And INEOS chief Ratcliffe has since registered an interest, a year after he missed out on buying Chelsea. As a United supporter, many feel the British billionaire would be a good fit for the Red Devils as they prepare for a new chapter in their history. And McAvennie, speaking to Football Insider, thinks the 70-year-old would be the perfect man to work with Ten Hag over at Old Trafford. “I think Erik ten Hag is there for the long haul,” said the former West Ham striker. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “He has got a bit of Fergie in him. He is not scared to drop people, he is not scared to say what he thinks and that can only be good for the club. “All you want to chairman to do is support the manager. Run the club but support the manager. “I think that could be a match made in heaving Jim Ratcliffe and Erik ten Hag.“ Ratcliffe is reportedly the only person to publicly express an interest in buying United. But there’s still no guarantee he’ll be the next owner of the club, with other potential suitors arising. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United have attracted interest from parties in the Far East, Middle East and United States. Yet links to Amazon, Facebook and Apple have all gone cold - with the companies all previously emerging as potential suitors. The Glazers are still yet to publicly confirm United are officially on the market. Should they fail to receive a suitable offer, then they’re likely to accept investors coming on board. But a full takeover remains the most likely outcome and United fans are hoping to see the back of the Glazers once and for all. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, recently welcomed Ratcliffe’s interest. However, he doesn’t think the Brit has the wealth to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Newcastle. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “The main thing is that the Glazers leave as quickly as possible and the second thing is that whoever takes it over, if they could hand it over to people who are in good hands and have a feeling for the club, that would be great. “Jim Ratcliffe was born in Manchester and knows the area. If he wins it, I think there will be a lot of very happy Manchester United fans. “He would want to do the right thing by the club - in fact I am sure that he would. “That’s the main thing beyond the Glazers leaving, that they don’t hand it over.” He added: “I don’t think United can hand it over to another investment firm who are expecting a return on their money. “That’s what worries me a little bit about private enquiry coming into football and that ultimately, they are looking for a return on their money and a return on their investment. “If that’s the case, it could mean that United aren’t in a similar place to where this club [Manchester City] are here, or Newcastle with benefactors who are happy to live debt free, not have interest payments, not leverage debt against the club. “Manchester United need to be a debt-free football club, with someone who’s willing to put money in.”