Lewis Hamilton has insisted that he is prepared to do whatever is necessary to beat Max Verstappen to the end-of-season honours over the course of the upcoming 2023 campaign. The Mercedes driver is still hunting a record-breaking eighth Drivers' Championship title after being thwarted by his Dutch rival over the last two years but appears to be optimistic that he will have a strong chance of fighting back when the on-track action resumes next month. Hamilton was in attendance as Mercedes unveiled their all-new W14 challenger to the world at a glitzy launch event on Wednesday, with the Silver Arrows reverting to a slick all-black livery design for the new season. The 38-year-old went on to insist in no uncertain terms that he is ready to put the struggles of last year behind him as he looks to rival Verstappen at the top of the F1 pecking order between now and the end of the campaign."To see the evolution of the car and the changes that have been made is fascinating," said Hamilton. "We've redesigned, optimised, and innovated so many parts of the car and that is impressive. And I love the new livery!"It says: 'We mean business'. I'm excited to go racing again. I feel calm, energised, and have my focus sharpened. I'm ready to do what's necessary to win." JUST IN: Hamilton and Russell will be worried as Mercedes chief rates W14 Hamilton, who will be out of contract at the end of this year as things stand, also said that he remains as determined as ever as he enters into his 11th year with Mercedes before insisting that he feels he is getting better with age despite being outperformed by Mercedes team-mate George Russell in the individual standings last season."I have been here a long time," he added. "I don't know, I think it is the combined energy of all the individuals in the team. I love being a part of a team that is working towards a common goal. "I continue to love racing, that will never change, it is a part of my DNA and I always believe I can get better. I love that challenge, the mental and the physical element of it, of just having to do a deep dive and see if you can extract more performance from yourself and the people around you, from the car that is constantly evolving."It is not the same car every year, it is always changing, there are always new tools, always a new log book you have to get used to and I love that, so I am planning to stay a little longer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.