Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho’s relationship with Erik ten Hag certainly hasn’t been plain-sailing this season. And with the Red Devils looking to tie the 18-year-old down to a new contract, the youngster has shown some signs of frustration in recent times. Particularly when his manager is concerned… Manchester United have seen Garnacho shine this season. Though the forward struggled against Leeds on Wednesday, there’s no denying he’s got the potential to become one of the best forwards on the planet. United are aware of this as they look to tie the Argentine down to a new contract. His current deal expires in 2024, and the Red Devils are confident he’ll stay for the long haul. However, Garnacho and Ten Hag have had a somewhat strained relationship so far this season. The teenager was reprimanded back in the summer when he missed two team meetings on the club’s pre-season tour of Australia and Thailand. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Garnacho accepted his punishment and since proceeded to win the trust of Ten Hag, hence his regular involvement these days. Over the past week or so, however, cracks in the relationship have seemingly started to appear. Garnacho was subbed on as United battled their way to a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace at Old Trafford. However, the teenager was then withdrawn in the same contest in the wake of Casemiro’s red card for grabbing Will Hughes by the throat. Garnacho then threw a mini-tantrum as he trudged off the pitch, cutting a frustrated figure as he sat down to watch the remainder of the contest. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Then, against Leeds on Wednesday, the United star drew a blank. Garnacho produced a frustrating performance, looking threatening at times only for his end product to leave much to be desired. He also missed two key chances that, if converted, could have helped United claim all three points. And Garnacho then appeared to take his anger out via social media, liking two separate posts. One claimed he shouldn’t play for United again, which was clearly done sarcastically and to prove a point. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But the other, which he first then removed, was one that took aim at Ten Hag’s decision to use Marcus Rashford on the right wing. User @94_zeeshan said: “1. Rashford either plays up front or LW - playing him RW cost us today. “2. Our midfield depth is a joke - we ended up with Fred and Lindelof in midfield. “3. Garnacho not ready to be a starter. 4. Sancho looked great - should start against next game. 5. Fred had an absolute shocker.” Garnacho’s ‘like’ could be interpreted as him, too, having an issue with Ten Hag’s decision. Certainly, the first one doesn’t speak volumes that he’s entirely happy at present. And while United are delighted with Garnacho, there are just some minor teething problems that need resolving. They need him for their future - at a time where Real Madrid and Barcelona are both showing interest.