Ever since EastEnders teased the death of a male character this Christmas, speculation has been rife as to the identity of the unfortunate man. The massive festive storyline was teased in a flash forward and culminated in six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) standing over a dead body. With plenty of potential victims, the latest name in the mix is Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) as his recent interactions with Denise have raised alarm bells for fans. Viewers have watched him pursue her despite the fact she is married. Last week Ravi tried to take their relationship to the next level and booked them a hotel room. He gave Denise the key card, but husband Jack found it and confronted her. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series After tense scenes, she managed to convince him she had booked herself a pampering night away. She arrived for her clandestine meeting and even went as far to get into bed with the handsome restauranteur. However, she stopped things before they went too far leaving him visibly rejected. Now fans are convinced this will be the catalyst for his demise. Taking to Twitter, user @SukeveForever wrote: “I think Ravi is gonna become an obsessive stalker towards Denise & Suki will find out he was the one who killed Ranveer & that makes him a contender to be the dead body at Christmas... #EastEnders.” @sukistraken also felt that he was displaying “stalker” tendencies writing: “ravi and denise (sic) would’ve been fine as a couple for a normal affair but ravi you’re strange… break denise (sic)free from jack but don’t go to ravi (sic) the stalker #EastEnders.” Equally unimpressed by his behaviour was @_amyann15, who said: “Ravi is literally a stalker, he doesn’t leave Denise alone. “It’s not hot, it’s not cute, It’s gross and stinks of desperation #EastEnders.” DON'T MISS: Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILER]EastEnders's Tracy-Ann Oberman on life and her latest London project [INSIGHT] Interestingly, despite the teaser very much intimated the festive killer was one of “the Six”, as they have been dubbed, some fans feel there could be another twist. @ScottmaslenKate speculated on Twitter: “Feel like Jacks going to be the knight in shining armour and safe (sic) Denise and kills Ravi ? #EastEnders.” Meanwhile @realseanslater revealed: “My mum thinks jack is going to kill ravi (sic) at christmas (sic) lol #EastEnders.” EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw has confirmed Ravi has some darker storylines ahead, saying: “Ravi is captivating, cunning and dangerous and can go from pleasant to menacing with very little warning.” Jack and Denise aren’t the only ones who might have a motive to kill Ravi. Fans have already seen him kill Ranveer (Anil Goutam) but he has allowed Suki to she was responsible for his death. Her son Kheerat (Jaz Deol) is currently in jail having taken the blame for the crime. If Suki were to discover Ravi has lied to her it may be enough to push her over the edge. EastEnders on BBC One has a scheduling shake up this week due to the FA Cup. There will be a double episode on Monday February 27th at 7.30pm, Thursday night’s episode will broadcast at 7.30pm as usual and there will be an episode at 7.30pm on Friday. All episodes will be on the iPlayer at 6am on their usual date of broadcast. 