Arsenal stars Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard were in agreement on Saturday after they helped their side defeat Aston Villa 4-2 at Villa Park. The Gunners came from behind twice to claim all three points as they returned to the top of the Premier League table. Arsenal started slowly in the west Midlands and fell behind in the early stages as Ollie Watkins ran onto Matty Cash's long ball before going past defender William Saliba and firing the ball into the far corner. Bukayo Saka levelled the match before the midway point of the first half when he lashed a powerful effort into the roof of the net. But the Villans restored their advantage just after the half-hour mark, with Philippe Coutinho finishing a fine team move. The Gunners had it all to do after the break but drew level for a second time after an hour courtesy of Oleksandr Zinchenko’s first goal for the club. Both teams then had chances to win the game in the latter stages, with Arsenal nudging ahead in stoppage time at the end of the match as Villa goalkeeper Emi Martinez diverted the ball into his own net after Jorginho’s strike had cannoned back off the crossbar. And Gabriel Martinelli wrapped the game up in the dying seconds. Arsenal had endured a three-game winless run in recent weeks and were leapfrogged by Manchester City at the top of the Premier League on Wednesday night after they lost 3-1 to the Citizens at the Emirates Stadium. But after City were held to a 1-1 draw by Nottingham Forest on Saturday afternoon, Arsenal ended the day two points above their rivals with a game in hand. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table    And Xhaka and Odegaard both insisted the Gunners had shown character during their latest victory - showing that the unity and belief in the dressing room right now is sky high as the title race heats up. “Character. Fight. Team spirit,” wrote Xhaka on his Instagram page alongside a picture of players celebrating. And in a separate post, Odegaard penned: “Big win, big character @arsenal.” Back in 2004, Arsenal secured their third domestic title in seven years as they became the only team to ever win the Premier League without losing a single game. But that winning mentality has been somewhat missing among the Gunners' ranks in more recent times. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   Arsenal could have derailed after their defeat against City had followed a 1-0 loss to Everton at Goodison Park and a 1-1 home draw with Brentford. But the Gunners’ response in the west Midlands, coupled with the reactions from Xhaka and Odegaard, clearly illustrates the winning mindset players in the current squad now possess. And the team will surely look to use that throughout the second half of the campaign as they look to get their hands on the Premier League trophy for the first time in 19 years. 