Nicola Bulley, 45, was identified by her dental records, the opening of an inquest into her death has heard. Preston Coroner's Court heard that maxillofacial surgeon Andrew Ian Edwards made the formal identification after police had obtained her records from her dental service provider. Senior coroner Dr James Adeley said the surgeon confirmed the match the day after police recovered her body. He told the court: "He examined the body that was located in the River Wyre near Rawcliffe Road in St Michael's on Wyre at 2.15pm on February 20." Dr Adeley added that the surgeon found restorative work carried out was identical to the records provided. He concluded: "I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made." The initial hearing lasted about five minutes, with no members of Ms Bulley's immediate family in attendance. Dr Adeley told the court the family was aware of the "date, time and place of the opening of the inquest" but had "chosen not to attend for reasons I can quite understand." Remaining evidence gathered by police and post-mortem examinations required "further evaluation", he added, with a full inquest likely by June. Officials first need to check and confirm the availability of a Home Office pathologist. The coroner explained the wait would allow "allow time to collate the facts of the case and allow the experts involved to finalise the findings from investigations that still need to be undertaken".  Police pulled Ms Bulley's body from the waters of the River Wyre on February 19, three weeks after she went missing from the village of St Michael's on Wyre. She was last seen walking her dog, Willow, along a river path on January 27. Officials were initially unable to confirm whether the body was hers, and formally announced the identification in a conference on February 20. Peter Lawson, Lancashire Police Assistant Chief Constable, told attendees his department hoped the development would start to provide some answers. He said: "Today's development is not the outcome any of us would have wanted, but we hope that it can at least start to provide some answers for Nicola's loved ones, who remain foremost in our thoughts. "We recognise the huge impact that Nicola's disappearance has had on her family and friends, but also on the people of St Michael's. "We would like to thank all of those who have helped during what has been a hugely complex and highly emotional investigation." Mr Lawson did not address widespread criticism his department had received for releasing some aspects of Ms Bulley's private life into the public domain. Police also did not disclose why it took 23 days to find her body in the river. Her devastated family said in a statement that, with the search concluded, she can now "rest". They said: "Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. "We love you, always have and always will, we will take it from here."