  Award-winning star Idris Elba, 50, has explained why he no longer calls himself a “black actor”, as he opened up about racism in Hollywood. The Luther actor suggested that basing his career on his skin colour “put him in a box”.      Luther fans will be thrilled to hear that highly-anticipated film Luther: The Fallen Sun is set to be released imminently. Ahead of the new movie, which sees Idris return as DCI John Luther, the star explained why he felt it was important to bring focus back to the fact that he was simply “an actor”. He discussed removing skin colour from the equation, and about how he felt it was important to take the power away from racism. Speaking in a new interview with Esquire, Idris explained: “Racism is very real. But from my perspective, it’s only as powerful as you allow it to be. READ MORE: James Jordan ignores 'woke' parents after daughter hit      “I stopped describing myself as a Black actor when I realised it put me in a box. “We’ve got to grow. We’ve got to. Our skin is no more than that: it’s just skin. Rant over.” He went on to describe how, while he is very much a member of the black community, he doesn’t feel it necessary to put emphasis on it when it comes to his career. The star also pointed out that he wanted to be an actor because he felt it was his calling - not because there wasn’t enough diversity in the profession.       “As you get up the ladder, you get asked what it’s like to be the first Black to do this or that,' he continued. “Well, it’s the same as it would be if I were white. It’s the first time for me. I don’t want to be the first black. I’m the first Idris.” Luther: The Fallen Sun is set to arrive in select cinemas on February 24, followed by a Netflix release on March 10. Idris’ interview comes after Netflix dropped the official trailer for the film, sending fans wild. READ MORE... Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson seen in public for first time after Meghan apology [LATEST] Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries [UPDATE]       The final episode of the gritty original BBC drama series ended with DCI John Luther being taken to prison. However, the new trailer reveals that the disgraced detective has broken out and is now after what promises to be the series’ scariest villain yet. Creator Neil Cross has now introduced a terrifying new fiend portrayed by Andy Serkis. “He wants the world to think a bad dream has come true,” Luther says of the sadistic character David Robey in the trailer.      Other trailer highlights include what appears to be an elaborate prison escape plan. We are also introduced to Cynthia Erivo’s new character as rival detective and Luther’s nemesis, Odette Raine. In the clip, she’s seen speaking to DSU Martin Schenk (Dermot Crowley) in an attempt to track down Luther. Read the full interview with Idris Elba in Esquire.      