Dillian Whyte is not happy with the news that Anthony Joshua is going to face Jermaine Franklin next rather than him. The Body Snatcher was promised a shot at AJ in the spring by Eddie Hearn after beating Franklin last November. However, it appears he will have to wait until the summer with Franklin the frontrunner for Joshua’s comeback fight on April 1 at the O2 Arena in London. Hearn has assured Whyte that he will box Joshua in June following the Franklin clash, but the Brit is angered that the original agreement hasn’t been fulfilled. “I am all right but facing the usual b******s, I just want to make some fights but it’s f***ing frustrating," he told The Sun. "Everyone was told, all the boxing fans, the winner of me and Franklin fights AJ, so this is a f***ed up thing. I would have been better off losing the Franklin fight and getting the AJ fight! “I know DAZN need content for their subscribers but why choose to fight a low-profile American coming off a loss instead of having a massive British tear-up? It’s no surprise to me that they have chosen April 1 for this battle of the fools. “I faced Franklin, the most dangerous and undefeated version of him, and beat him. Eddie was promising him many millions to fight AJ if he beat me. It’s protecting AJ because they all know if he loses again, he will probably jack it in and a lot of people will be left with limp d***s in their hands.” Whyte is not alone in expressing his disappointment in the match-up. The fight has received a largely mixed response with many vocal critics suggesting it is an ‘uncompetitive’ matchup. MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank Jr to take 'elbow' appeal further ahead of Smith rematch Brook one of four boxers being lined up by Hearn for Benn comeback Brook releases statement after being filmed snorting white powder Responding to those qualms, Hearn told Boxing Social: “I’ve seen the majority of responses are from sane people who say, ‘that’s a good fight to come back to, a dangerous fight’ and some say it’s a mismatch. I saw Gareth A Davies’ article in The Telegraph which was baffling. “I just don’t understand some people’s criticisms against AJ. He’s just fought Oleksandr Usyk twice. If he fights Demsey McKean, Otto Wallin, Jermaine Franklin, I don’t understand what more people want when he’s coming back and working with a new trainer and getting a foothold back in the heavyweight division. "Jermaine Franklin is a dangerous fight for Anthony Joshua, he’s full of confidence coming off a great performance against Dillian Whyte and we’ll see if it’s him, but AJ is in camp now over in America. He will go April 1 at the O2 Arena and I expect an announcement probably next week.” 