A photographer shoved by Sergio Ramos following Paris Saint-Germain's defeat to Bayern Munich on Tuesday has spoken out. The fiery Spaniard issued a personal apology to Markus Gilliar for his angry reaction after a disappointing Champions League night for the French giants. It was unusual to see a clash between two true heavyweights at such an early stage of the Champions League when PSG and Bayern came together on Tuesday evening. Paris hosted the first of their two-legged round-of-16 clash, but the Bavarians came out on top. Kingsley Coman scored against his former side to seal a narrow one-goal buffer going into the second leg, although Benjamin Pavard was shown a straight red card in second-half stoppage time. Ramos started and played all 90 minutes of the defeat, which was PSG's third in a row across all competitions. The former Real Madrid stalwart was part of a group of players to go and applaud the home fans after the final whistle, at which point he got into an angry altercation with two photographers. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message Ramos firstly took issue with a photographer backing into him, with a brief verbal exchange quickly followed by a second photographer, which turned out to be Gilliar, getting too close for comfort while snapping shots. In the heat of the moment, Ramos turned around and shoved Gilliar, who was sent flying backwards with camera in hand. On Thursday, Gilliar posted a photo of Ramos on Instagram with the caption: "Surprise in the evening: Yesterday Sergio Ramos contacted me personally and apologized for his behavior. Apology accepted, case closed." DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque Ramos himself posted a snapshot of Gilliar's message to his Instagram story, adding: "Danke, Marcus [handshake emoji]." Rumours suggest that PSG hasn't been a happy camp of late, with various controversies allegedly contributing to an unsettled environment in the French capital. Kylian Mbappe was made vice-captain several weeks ago, much to the surprise of Presnel Kimpembe, who was seemingly ousted from the role without being told. Lionel Messi, meanwhile, could be weighing up an exit with his contract set to expire at the end of the season, although his father has virtually ruled out a return to Barcelona.  Furthermore, Neymar has confirmed that he and Marquinhos were involved in a dressing room altercation with PSG sporting director Luis Campos following last weekend's defeat to Monaco, during which players were criticised for a lack of aggression. "It has happened," the Brazilian told reporters. "We didn't agree with what was being said at that time, so we had a discussion about it. In terms of blocking things like that in the dressing room, sometimes there are things that get into the press, and they can go viral very quickly. When there is information like that, we are angry."