Manchester United icon Paul Scholes refused to rule the Red Devils out of winning the Premier League title following their statement victory over Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday evening. Erik ten Hag's outfit qualified to the last 16 of the European competition after a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford following a 2-2 draw away from home, as they remain the only side on the continent that is capable of winning four trophies this season. Scholes made a point of emphasising that United are not far behind Manchester City and Arsenal in the league and claimed that they do have a chance of claiming an unprecedented quadruple. They currently sit in third place in the domestic table, three points behind local rivals Manchester City and five behind table-toppers Arsenal. "You go into it [Carabao Cup final] with the momentum of beating a top team like Barcelona, it was important going into Sunday but there is not just Sunday," Scholes told BT Sport. "Sunday is a massive game for silverware, it's something the club needs and it will take a little bit of pressure off him [Ten Hag] and the team. Now every game from now until the end of the season has got to be big. I'm still not going to rule them out of the title. "I know people will say they are a little bit too far away but a lot of people say Manchester City are going to win the league, what are they two or three points behind Manchester City? So I still think they are in with a chance. "The only thing that might hurt them is the amount of games. They’ve got the League Cup final on Sunday, FA Cup midweek, Liverpool away the week after, there are some tough games, but on the other hand they’ve played Arsenal twice, played Manchester City twice, and I still think they’re in a half decent position to go for the league." DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  Ten Hag's opposite number Xavi was unable to prevent United from knocking Barcelona out of the Europa League, but before the game appeared to agree with Scholes' opinion as he named the Red Devils as contenders to win the Premier League. “Arsenal, Man City and Man United are going to have a very exciting finale,” Xavi said before Thursday's tie. “They are all playing very well, they are all strong, but the [league] is very demanding, I would not dare to give a winner. I have maximum respect for all three teams.” The victory over Barcelona was the first of three United games in a row that are not in the league, however, as they next travel to Wembley to take on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final before hosting West Ham in the FA Cup fifth round. United's next league game is at Anfield, away to Liverpool on March 5. 