Princess Beatrice visited the research lab today, February 7, in her newly appointed role as patron of the British Skin Foundation. The 34-year-old donned a white lab coat to talk to staff and be shown around the institution. Underneath her coat, Beatrice wore a black and white dress with a geometric pattern. Her dress had a high, round neckline and its skirt flowed to the royal's ankles. The dress was black but had a white pattern, which looked like pairs of leaves, laid out in vertical lines. Beatrice matched the garment with a smart, black, tight-fitted blazer and black boots. The boots were made of shiny leather and had a chunky heel. Their toes were pointed. Beatrice's hair was styled straight and it flowed over her shoulders. She wore minimal make-up. To accessorise, Beatrice donned a wide, shiny black belt, which she had clasped around her jacket. This accentuated her waist and made the jacket protrude outwards a little, in a subtle peplum style. The royal's outfit was not a surprise for many fans as Beatrice often wears black and white dresses, often adorned with prints, whenever she steps out in public. She owns many dresses featuring polka dots, as well as checkered patterns or stripes. One such example is the dress she donned on May 25 last year, for a garden party at Buckingham Palace. The dress was from Self Portrait and retailed for £320. It was white with black lines and had short, puff sleeves and a long, flowing skirt. READ MORE: What kind of royal will Princess Charlotte be according to astrology? A ribbon was tied just underneath the garment's neckline, and Beatrice accessorised with a white belt, cinching her waist. She also donned a large headband, featuring a black and white geometric pattern. Today, Beatrice visited the prestigious Blizard Institute to see first-hand how scientists are tackling the UK rising skin cancer numbers. Speaking about her new patronage, the Princess said: "I am so pleased to be able to support the work of the British Skin Foundation.  "I have admired their work and research for many years, and they have helped so many people through the foundations pioneering efforts. I am grateful to be working with them, to learn as much as I can about their ground-breaking endeavours." British Skin Foundation's CEO, Matthew Patey added: "We very much welcome HRH Princess Beatrice's involvement as our new Patron. Sixty percent of British people currently suffer from, or have suffered with, a skin disease or skin cancer with many being physically or emotionally affected for life. "HRH Princess Beatrice’s support will continue to bring an invaluable focus on the important work we do in trying to alleviate this suffering." Today marked the Princess' first outing of 2023, just weeks after the announcement that her sister, Princess Eugenie, is expecting her second child.