The debate over whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should attend King Charles III’s Coronation in May this year has raged on for a number of weeks, but it has now been reported that members of the Royal fold are “fully expecting” the Sussexes to attend the event at Westminster Abbey. If they do attend, they should not expect reconciliatory talks, according to a Royal Family source — but Princess Diana’s former dress designer, David Emanuel, has speculated that any talks that were to take place may not remain private anyway. The Welsh designer Mr Emanuel has had links to the Royal Family ever since he co-created Princess Diana’s ivory taffeta wedding dress, which featured a 25ft-long-train, that she wore in 1981 when tying the knot with the then Prince Charles. He was featured on a GBNews debate called “The Clash” with presenter Dan Wootton which asked whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are motivated by money or humanitarian causes. The topic then moved on to the Monarch’s upcoming Coronation and whether the Sussexes, who are now based in Montecito, California, with their two children having stepped back as senior royals in 2020, should attend. Mr Emanuel said that he felt that the Royals had “given in” by saying they expect Harry and Meghan there — and interrupted the conversation to make the point that he believes the Duke will wear a wire to record conversations with his relations.    Speaking on Tuesday, the 70-year-old said: “I hope that he gets searched before he comes to this land because he could be wired up for Netflix. Let’s be honest. Because whatever is said, he will take back, and give it to Netflix and do more stories.” There have been reports that those in the Royal fold only plan to speak to the Sussexes about the weather as they do not “dare” broach any other topics, Charlotte Griffiths, the Mail on Sunday’s Editor-at-Large, told GBNews. To this, Mr Emanuel then rhetorically asked “wonder why?” Sources close to senior members of the Royal Family are reportedly worried that private conversations including the likes of phone calls and text messages will not stay private. In Harry’s bombshell memoir Spare, released in January, the Duke gave a full account of the infamous bridesmaid dress fitting argument that left the Duchess “sobbing on the floor” and included the text interchange Meghan and Kate, Princess of Wales. READ MORE: Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation  Several explosive claims were made in the book, ghostwritten by J.R. Moehringer. Harry alleged that it was Prince William and Kate who said wearing a Nazi costume to a fancy dress party in 2005 was a good idea. Harry also claims his older brother attacked him after calling Meghan “difficult, rude, and abrasive” and that their relationship was “moving too fast”. The 38-year-old also took aim at his father and Queen Consort Camilla. Ms Griffiths also said that Major Johnny Thompson, who worked for Queen Elizabeth II, was tasked with sitting close to the Sussexes at royal events to ensure that they were not recording or leaking any conversations.  DON'T MISS: New study finds best time of day to exercise to burn body fat [INSIGHT]Widdecombe tears apart Heseltine for 'completely wrong' Brexit claim [REPORT]Captured Wagner soldier tells how convicts used as 'cannon fodder'  [ANALYSIS]   In an interview with CBS' 60 Minutes in early January, he accused Camilla of leaking stories about the family to “rehabilitate her image”. In another interview that month with Tom Bradby on ITV, the father of two was asked about what he would say to the accusation that he has “invaded the privacy of his nearest and dearest without permission”. To this, the Duke said: “That would be the accusation from people that don’t understand or don’t want to believe that my family has been briefing the press.” Harry believes he has actually held back. In fact, the Duke said that he had so much to share he could have written two books but said that there were some things he just “does not want the world to know” when speaking to the Telegraph.   