This was Manchester City at their brilliant best. Pep Guardiola's spellbinding champions toyed with Arsenal, offered them a glimmer of hope before ripping their hearts out with a savage second-half display that truly depicted the gulf in class between the champions and this season's title hopefuls. Arsenal were brave yet hesitant but ultimately not good enough to truly outwit and outclass City, who demonstrated their big-game know-how and experience by killing off the Gunners in the second half via two goals of exceptional quality from Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland. Kevin De Bruyne was back to his magical best as he totally ran the show and it was him that got City up and running when he ruthlessly punished a soft back pass from Takehiro Tomiyasu - totally against the run of play - with an excellent left-footed finish from distance over the advancing Aaron Ramsdale. Arsenal were then level just before half-time when Bukayo Saka converted a penalty following Ederson's clumsy foul on Eddie Nketiah but the Gunners failed to build on their equaliser as City blew them away in the early stages of the second half by asserting dominance and control. Guardiola's much-improved side now go back to the top of the Premier League and while Arsenal still boast a game in hand on their rivals, this victory felt like a massive momentum-shifting swing of the pendulum as City regained control of their own destiny. Express Sport analyses five talking points from a relentless classic at the Emirates Stadium. Arteta's Mr Reliable costs Arsenal Dropping Ben White for Arsenal's biggest game of the Premier League season tells you everything you need to know about Mikel Arteta's faith in Takehiro Tomiyasu. The sturdy Japanese international can play anywhere across the backline and is capable of shutting opposition wingers out of the game, despite operating as a makeshift full-back. But on this occasion, Tomiyasu cost Arteta dearly as he failed to repay the faith shown by his manager as he handed City the opener on a silver platter. His risky, mishit back-pass was latched onto by hungry City talisman De Bruyne, who was evidently chomping at the bit after recently being benched twice against Tottenham. A player of De Bruyne's class and quality was never going to miss, even if there was still plenty of work to do as the onrushing Aaron Ramsdale tried to close the angle. Starting outside the post, the Belgian's pristine finish curled home and into the net to stun the Emirates Stadium. Incredibly, Tomiyasu had the chance to make amends just moments later when the ball dropped to him inside the penalty area but he blasted over with his left foot. Although he had the final say with his excellent winner, Jack Grealish was hardly effective on the left flank for City but given Tomiyasu was solely deployed with the intention of keeping him quiet for the entirety of the match, this was a night to forget for the former Bologna man, who was also booked for his troubles. Bernardo the box of chocolates as City's dependable set up In purely football terms, there are few greater pleasures than watching Bernardo Silva grace the glistening turf but in all honesty, there was something uncomfortable and ugly about watching him shoe-horned at left-back (out of possession) for Guardiola's side, even as a short-term solution. Bernardo knows how to win football matches and he was out to nullify Bukayo Saka, committing four first-half fouls on the England international before being carded. With Saka twice spotted limping, Bernardo did what he was there to do and was later moved forward into an attacking role after Riyad Mahrez was substituted in the second half. It did not take him long to have his say when he played an integral role in the second City goal, finding Erling Haaland in space before Grealish eventually steered home. You can see why City have been so determined to keep hold of Bernardo despite his desire to pursue a new challenge, he is simply genius at times. But this was a night when City's other dependables also stepped up to the plate including the box-office De Bruyne, who was undoubtedly the best player on the park. His fingerprints were all over this gritty victory that means so much. He scored the opener before assisting the decisive third for Haaland and this really feel like a win that will see City kick on. Grealish comes up trumps with massive moment Sadly, Jack Grealish has become footballing marmite at Manchester City due to Pep Guardiola's robotic, possession-based style of football. In the summer of 2021, Grealish became the poster boy of English football due to his exciting, unpredictable style. He was a maverick who played off the cuff. He had thrived in a free role under Dean Smith at Aston Villa before his British record £100million transfer to the Etihad, where the fun has been sucked out of his game if we are to be cynical. On so many occasions - including tonight - Grealish is left stuck, hugging the left touchline, struggling for space to manipulate the ball in a positive, attack-minded way. He will instead opt to keep possession and play it back to the full-back. However, to his credit, Grealish came up trumps here with a massive moment that could prove to be pivotal in the Premier League title race. After a fine interchange between Bernardo Silva, Erling Haaland and Ilkay Gundogan the ball was rolled into space for Grealish at the back post and he finished with aplomb int the far corner. You could see how much this meant to him, it was a monumental moment in City's season and a goal to savour and treasure. City embrace first-half time-wasting There is no greater compliment for Arsenal than the fact goalkeeper Ederson was set on running down the clock as early as the 25th minute after Kevin De Bruyne's emphatic opener, which came against the run of play. Obviously, time-wasting is part and parcel of any nitty, gritty away victory but Ederson's early first-half attempts to bank precious seconds almost screamed of desperation. It was if City were genuinely scared of Arsenal and that reflects incredibly on their old employee Mikel Arteta, who is working wonders in north London. His Gunners side are now a different animal under his leadership. Anthony Taylor gave Ederson the benefit of the doubt on two occasions amid a deafening chorus of boos from the home crowd but he would later reach for his pocket in the 36th minute to canton the Brazilian. In fairness, Ederson was fortuitous to stay on the pitch after he clattered Eddie Nketiah for the Arsenal penalty - some will say it wasn't a foul but on the basis the spot-kick was awarded, it surely prompted a second yellow card.  Jorginho the orchestrator Although Jorginho is understandably lacking match rhythm, there were clear signs of exactly what he will bring to this Arsenal team on his first Gunners start in place of the injured Thomas Partey. The Ghanaian is a box-to-box powerhouse capable of affecting the game at both ends of the pitch but Jorginho is there to orchestrate and control proceedings with his exceptional technical ability. The immaculate turf is his chess board and early in the first half, he was trying to slide Martin Odegaard into place. In what brief instance, the Norwegian skipper was none the wiser having barely played alongside the Italian to date besides a small cameo at Goodison Park. Nonetheless, that did not stop Jorginho from barking orders at Odegaard as he tried to dictate the positioning of his team-mate in the centre of the chaos. Jorginho was pressed as he completed a short pass but his preference was to hit the feet of Odegaard. The passionate commands of the former Chelsea maestro plagued the opening 45 minutes, as he attempted to organise Arsenal's on-field structure. There was an element of sloppiness to his performance, mind. Some of his passes were slightly wayward and lacking punch, you could see him grimace with disappointment when sacrificing possession. Despite that, you can see exactly why Arteta was so keen on landing Jorginho, his footballing IQ is off the scale. Additionally, there are leadership qualities but in a game of this magnitude, his performance was not entirely up to scratch - despite clearing the ball off the line in the second half.