PIP is a benefit paid to eligible people of working age who live with a long-term illness or health condition that affects their daily living. To be eligible for the support, a person must have been affected by the condition for three months and expect it to continue for at least another nine months. Paul Brennan, from Benefits Answers, is urging people with Raynaud’s Syndrome to check if they can claim the support. It is characterised by cold, sore or numbness in parts of the body, and can sometimes cause colour change to fingers and toes. The cold temperatures of winter can make the condition worse and could inhibit a person’s daily life even if they are still able to work. PIP consists of a separate daily living component and a mobility component, and a person may be able to get the benefit if their Raynaud’s Syndrome affects their daily life. READ MORE: Warning to lock in fixed rate mortgage as interest rates likely to continue to rise Mr Brennan explained: “You don’t need a serious physical disability to claim PIP - there are currently 2,217 people across the UK claiming support for sleep apnea and conditions of the upper respiratory tract. “If a condition like Raynaud’s Syndrome or any other ailment means that you need help with preparing food, bathing, using the toilet, dressing, moving, or planning a journey during the winter months - you should consider applying for PIP. “Even if you’re in employment, you could be entitled to payouts of up to £156 per week to help with your costs.” Symptoms of the conditions can be made worse by a person experiencing anxiety and stress. DON'T MISS: Lloyds Bank customers can get 5.25% interest rate with limited account [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED] How much a person receives depends on how much difficulty they have with daily tasks and with getting around. The lower rate for the daily living part is £61.85 a week while the higher rate is £92.40 a week. For the mobility part, the lower rate is £24.45 a week while the higher amount is £64.50 a week. This means those who receive the higher rate for both parts could get a monthly payout of some £627. READ MORE: New savings account paying 'top rate' 3.03 percent interest rate  A person applying for PIP will need to be assessed by the DWP to work out the level of support they need. This may take place over the phone, by video call or in person. Before putting in a claim, a person should make sure they have these details: Mr Brennan said: “The DWP will send you a form focusing on how your condition affects you. “Make sure you’re putting in as much detail as you can so that they have a crystal clear picture of your physical or mental health needs.” PIP payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April along with payments for other benefits, including Universal Credit. UK law states benefits have to increase each year in line with the rate of inflation, with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirming the benefits uprating in last year’s Autumn Statement.