Archie Battersbee’s death has been deemed to be a “prank which went wrong”, a coroner has concluded. The 12-year-old’s life support was switched off on August 6 after his parents failed to overturn a High Court ruling that doctors could lawfully do so. Judges were told that Hollie Dance, Archie’s mother, found the boy unconscious with a ligature over his head at his home in Essex last April. Recording a verdict of accidental death, senior coroner Lincoln Brookes, said Archie “hadn't intended to harm himself but had done so inadvertently during a prank or experiment that went wrong”. He added that Archie “put his head in a noose or put a cord round his neck”. “I think he did so without necessarily a good reason, 12-year-old boys don't always have reasons. “I think it may just be a case of curiosity - what does it feel like?” Mr Brookes said: “Something very similar happened the night before”, when Archie's sister saw him putting a cord round his head to try to pull a door closed. “This was an accident that went wrong, either a prank to shock his mum as she came out of the bedroom to find him doing something shocking or reckless, or just experimenting to see what it was like to do this “It probably went wrong very quickly and very badly.” The coroner added it was “possible” Archie had been taking part in an online challenge but he had not seen evidence of this. READ MORE: Mum of tragic Archie to tell Children's Parliament about online danger Although suicide was considered, the coroner decided to rule it out. Mr Brookes added: “It seems to me that while there were periods of low mood and very low mood during the previous 12 months, in the days preceding his death I haven't received any evidence of that.” “He was full of energy, he was very physical, he was at times very bored,” said Mr Brookes. “He liked to shock those around him, perhaps even more so those he cared about. “He liked to trick, he liked sometimes to carry out acts, or some might describe them as stunts, that would alarm people.”   Don't miss... Diver dramatically ends river search for missing mum [NICOLA BULLEY] UK could send fighter jets to Ukraine as Zelensky visits Number 10 [UKRAINE WAR] Sunak vows Britain will deliver for Ukraine as PM praises Zelensky [LATEST] He recorded Archie's medical cause of death as catastrophic hypoxic ischemic brain injury, secondary to strangulation. Speaking on the case, Detective Sergeant Tiffany Gore said Archie had written in Whatsapp messages about being depressed and had experienced thoughts of self-harm. In the messages, the youngster wrote: "That's why I'm so depressed all the time and I don't cut my wrists but I have tried and thought about killing myself." Detective Inspector Sarah Weeks said: "On the day of the incident Archie was looking forward to his first MMA fight and had chosen the music for his entrance," adding he had been playing with his pet rabbit and looking to buy a coat. Ms Gore earlier told the hearing that officers found a voice note dated April 3 on Archie's phone. The officer said that in the audio, a young male voice, said: "Oi Archie, do you know why you're angry? "Because your mum wanted you to be an abortion." Ms Gore said police recovered 695 images and 282 videos from Archie's phone but clarified that none of these showed Archie with anything around his head or neck, or participating in any challenges. Speaking outside court after the inquest, Ms Dance said the coroner had reached the “right decision” adding that the inquest had helped her find “some of the answers, but not all”. She added: “It's time to allow us as a family to grieve.” Archia Battersbee fell into a coma in April 2022 with a judge ruling in July that doctors could lawfully stop providing life support. His treatment was stopped in early August after Archie’s parents failed to overturn a High Court ruling. 