Upon eclipsing Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s tally of 38,387 points in the LA Lakers’ 133-130 defeat to the Oklahoma City Thunder earlier this month, an emotional James thanked the fans and Lakers greats in attendance saying he was “humbled” to reach the legendary mark.  James’ wife Savannah was among adoring faithful who packed out the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles and in a pre-recorded message played on the night she shared her admiration for her husband. "I am so proud of you.” she said. “I witness day in and day out the hard work, the sacrifice and the professionalism that you put into this game every day. “I know that this was not something you set out to do, but you've done it and you should congratulate yourself, you should celebrate yourself. “You deserve all the respect. It couldn't be happening to a better, more dedicated person. I love you." MUST READ:Boston Celtics star Jayson Tatum idolises 'role model' team-mate who helped NBA riseNBA announces new app with frightening deepfake technology as fans left staggeredNBA star Bryn Forbes allegedly 'left fiance with black eyes' following sickening assault The couple first met way back in high school when a 17-year-old LeBron, a junior at St. Vincent-St Mary in Ohio, enquired of Savannah’s number through a mutual friend. In an interview with the Cleveland Magazine in 2017, the mother of three revealed she didn't know much about the basketball starlet at the time and initially rebuffed his stealthy approach. “I’m like, ‘Um nope. I’ll take his number.” she told the publication. “One day I’m sitting around and [remembered] I have this number for this guy that I can call. He seemed interested, so let’s see.” A couple of dates followed and the pair have been together ever since, eventually tying the knot in 2013.  After spending 12 years together, the couple tied the knot in an extravagant ceremony at the Grand Del Mar Hotel in San Diego with stars from the sporting and entertainment world in attendance. The couple only invited 200 guests, as they preferred a smaller do - although former team-mate Dwyane Wade was among the stars who were there. According to US Weekly, the three-day celebration was reported to have set the couple back a whopping $10million and featured a surprise performance of ‘Crazy in Love’ by none other than Beyonce and Jay-Z. The James’ have been committed to philanthropic work in their home town of Akron, Ohio as well as in every city they have called home during LeBron’s 20-year NBA career. In 2017, Savannah launched her mentorship program, Women of Our Future, which provides one-on-one counselling and support for young girls in Akron. She has also run the annual ‘I PROMise Makeover’ event which offers Akran students the opportunity to bag prom attire and accessories for free. DON'T MISS Kyrie Irving explains why he deleted apology for sharing antisemitic filmBrooklyn Nets already have Kyrie Irving replacement after record-breaking performance  During the family’s stint in Florida while James starred for the Miami Heat, Savannah ran a popular juicery in the Bricknell neighbourhood dubbed ‘The Juice Spot.’ Savannah has admitted to shying away from the spotlight and despite boasting a mammoth following on social media - including 2.1 million followers on Instagram - she opts to occasionally post heartfelt snaps of family life. The couple have three children together: LeBron ‘Bronny’ James, 18, Bryce Maximus, 15, and Zhuri Nova, 8.  The two boys look set to follow in their father’s footsteps and enjoy a career in the NBA with Bronny leading his high school, Sierra Canyon, to a win against his dad’s alma mater in 2019. The youngster also matched his old man by appearing on the cover of Sports Illustrated while still in his teens. At just 16-years-old he was six months younger than James in his iconic 2002 spread. LeBron has admitted that he plans to do "whatever it takes" to spend his last year of professional basketball playing with his oldest son. 