The brown marks that often build up on the inside of cups are caused by tannins present in tea and coffee, and these pesky stains can refuse to budge even after the cup has been given a thorough clean with soap and water. One desperate tea drinker sought advice on how to get rid of the stains on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page - and soon got some helpful responses. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Sally Boxall said: “Does anyone have any suggestions how to clean the tea stains? I have tried baking powder and a soft brush, but made no difference. Thanks.” Sally also posted a picture of the cup, that showed the inside covered in dark brown tea stains. Accumulating over 130 comments, a common favourite cleaning method amongst the responses was to use a dishwasher tablet in hot water. Natalie Morgan wrote: “I use dishwasher tablets in mugs with hot water and leave overnight so that should work.” READ MORE: 4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes Daisy Neale commented: “Boiling water and a dishwasher tablet, they’re amazing for burnt black pots too. I leave them overnight and rinse in the morning.” Lynsey Crowe said: “Boiling water then drop a dishwasher tablet in and leave for eight hours or overnight. Then tip the water away and rinse thoroughly.” Stacey Hutton wrote: “I used to take tea stains out by putting a dishwasher tablet in, safer than other chemicals.” Lorraine Davidson replied: “Use a dishwasher tablet, they’re fantastic and doe not leave a funny taste either.” DON'T MISSFood scraps ‘not’ to add to your compost heaps - will ‘attract vermin’ [TIPS]‘Immediate’ tip to ‘fix any drooping’ on your tulips - ‘perks’ them up [EXPERT]‘Aggressive’ garden plants to ‘avoid’ - they ‘pierce through walls’ [INSIGHT] Sarah Morris said: “You need to use a dishwasher tablet. With the hot water it melts away the stains.” After reviewing the comments Sally opted to use a dishwasher tablet to remove the stains and took to her post to give her review. Posting a picture of the cup completely stain-free, Sally said: “Excellent results, I used half a dishwasher tablet and left it for about 12 hours. “The colour of the water was foul and a lump of sludgy stuff came out as well. Thanks everyone.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover Dishwasher tablets are designed to remove stubborn stains and grease, so it’s not surprising to hear that they can remove tea cup stains. For those who don’t own a dishwasher, these tablets are affordable. They retail for £1.34 for a pack of 30 from Asda - this works out as 4p per tablet. They can also be picked up from Sainsbury’s for £3 and at Tesco for £4. Other Mrs Hinch fans argued that the same results can be achieved by using denture tablets. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Gillian Cooper wrote: “I used denture tablets on my hubby's cup, left overnight and it came up like new.” Michelle Reader said: “Try a Steradent tablet (those that clean dentures) if it’s safe enough for teeth then it’s safe to use in a cup.” Patricia Hutchinson commented: “Steradent tablets are a cheap option for lots of stains.” Susan Emmett agreed: “The cheapest denture tablet in hot water and leave overnight.” Katie Thompson suggested: “Steradent tablets. We use them at work to clean out tea cups and remove stubborn stains.”