Lisa Snowdon, 51, beat Danny Jones and Mel Blatt to become the winner of last year’s Celebrity MasterChef after impressing judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace. However, despite her huge success on the cooking reality show and previously on Strictly Come Dancing, the star admitted she has “ticked the boxes”. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Lisa suggested she has no interest in joining new contests after taking part in all her favourite shows. She explained: “I feel like I've ticked the boxes when it comes to shows. “I’ve always wanted to do Strictly Come Dancing and I came third in 2008. “MasterChef has always been on my list and I was always too scared to go on, but I won.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death Lisa went on: “I’ve also done The Apprentice for Sports Relief, so I would say I’ve done all my favourite shows.” Lisa also participated in I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! back in the 2016 series, which was won by Scarlett Moffatt, with comedian Joel Dommett as runner-up. Elsewhere in the conversation, Lisa revealed how she dealt with the menopause and what helped her alleviate the symptoms. The model and presenter has been outspoken on her wellness and the health struggles she faced, especially while going through menopause. Among her biggest issues, Lisa admitted her gut health was impacted, as she struggled to get her head around how her body was changing. Lisa has partnered with gut health supplement Symprove to design three spoof health fads: The Bowel Counsellor, The Anal Crystal and ‘Bougie Poo-fumée’ candles, to highlight just how ludicrous they can be, and why you do not have to go to extreme lengths to look after your gut and keep a healthy balanced lifestyle. Lisa admitted: “My menopause has been up and down in the past nine years - I'll be 51 in a week and I was 42 when I became perimenopausal. “I didn’t understand what was happening to me or my body, and I think that's half the battle. DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] “When you know what's happening to you, you can adapt your life, make the appropriate changes and most importantly talk to your friends and family about it - this is why I've been so proactive in highlighting how it has affected me, to hopefully help and inspire others.” Lisa, who participated in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! back in 2016, went on to explain how menopause also affected her mental health. She said: “I had very dark moods and was very anxious. I had panic attacks and my period was all over the place, some days I couldn't get out of bed. “On top of this, my gut health was affected by menopause, which is something that a lot of women experience - specifically bloating and new intolerances to food. “For me, Symprove was really helpful in overcoming these symptoms.” Lisa also emphasised the importance of staying active to improve both mentally and physically as she revealed she gained some weight during the perimenopausal phase. She also pointed out how difficult it is to understand the symptoms when they start appearing. Lisa said: “Exercise has a huge positive impact on my mental health and physical wellbeing.”