Everton secured a double victory when they stunned Arsenal on Saturday after also proceeding to take celebrity fan Piers Morgan down on social media. The Toffees moved out of the relegation zone with a shock 1-0 win to kick off the Sean Dyche era with three vital points and pile on the misery on Morgan after his latest social media rant. The Gunners were tipped to be heavy favourites after taking 50 points from their first 19 games - their best start to a Premier League season - while Everton had been languishing in the relegation zone having collected just 15 points in 20 matches. But Dyche, who only succeeded Frank Lampard on Sunday and was not able to sign any players before the transfer deadline, saw his players execute his match plan to perfection as James Tarkowski headed home the winning goal on the hour-mark. As a regular Twitter user, Morgan was not afraid to criticise Arsenal after only their second defeat this season and hit out at the north London side for being "bullied" by the Merseyside outfit. READ MORE: Man Utd star Weghorst has sent a message to Piers Morgan after Forest win "Dismal Arsenal performance today," Morgan tweeted to his 8.3 million followers. "We've been bullied around by one of the worst teams in the Premier League. Inexplicable." Everton didn't take too kindly to being mocked by the TV presenter after celebrating their surprise victory at Goodison Park and decided not to let Morgan's comments lie without a response. They posted a cheeky gif of their new boss Dyche when he braved snowy conditions by wearing only a white on the touchline while he was Burnley manager. In the gif, the 51-year-old boss produces a wry smile, giving the Toffees a silent yet perfect retort to hit back at Morgan. DON'T MISSArteta denies Arsenal have signed another Willian or Luiz in JorginhoSimon Jordan tears into 'toxic' Everton after Ayew snub - 'A tragedy'Richard Keys says it's 'really over' for Everton after latest blunder Their tweet, viewed over 723,000 times on the platform, appeared to ignite the fire as Morgan snapped back at Everton's admin, tweeting: "See how cocky you’re feeling when we win the League and you get relegated…" Chelsea hero John Terry also joined in the fun, tweeting a series of 'eye' emojis at Morgan just days after the pair engaged in a Twitter spat. Morgan, clearly not in the mood for a spot of banter, simply replied: "Not. Now." The result means Arsenal are still five points clear at the top, but Manchester City will have the opportunity to close the gap to two points if they beat Tottenham on Sunday. Everton, meanwhile, climb out of the bottom three and have hope of steering clear of relegation after their first home win in over 100 days, with a four-month wait to find out which of the two will regret their post.