Manchester United hero Owen Hargreaves thinks Marcel Sabitzer will be loved by fans at Old Trafford. The Austria international joined from Bayern Munich on transfer deadline day last month, arriving as a short-term replacement for the injured Christian Eriksen. And he’s made a positive impact in his new surroundings so far, helping the Red Devils continue their charge towards a quadruple. Manchester United always knew they needed to reinforce their midfield last month, with Eriksen ruled out until the latter stages of the campaign. And while they were linked with the likes of Youri Tielemans and Houssem Aouar, Sabitzer ended up arriving instead. The United star has made a positive start to life at Old Trafford and impressed in their comfortable 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday. And Hargreaves, who won the Premier League and Champions League with United back in 2008, believes fans ‘will love’ Sabitzer. "He's a good player," the pundit told club media. "I mean, obviously with the situation with Christian Eriksen, it changed everything. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “You needed to get another body in. I think Manchester United are the only English team left in all four competitions, with so much to play for in the Carabao Cup, FA Cup, Premier League and Europa League. It's another body but, you know, a good player. "He's another guy who can play multiple positions. He's smart. “He's played in the Champions League and, depending on the personnel who play with him, he can play deeper or further forward. "I like him. He brings a strong mindset. “What Erik ten Hag has changed is this kind of mentality. We were all a little bit worried after the first two games, against Brighton and Brentford, and you think: what is this going to be? All of a sudden, he changed the mentality. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "He [Sabitzer] has been in teams that are super-competitive and I think the fans are going to love him." And Hargreaves has also warned Sabitzer about being ‘too nice’, insisting he must show a strong personality to succeed at the club. "Just be yourself," he added. "That's what has got him here. Don't be too nice. "A lot of guys come to new teams and try to fit in and can be very accommodating. Sometimes, you've got to force the issue and be aggressive and don't be too nice out there. "Just go out and be yourself as he's a really good player. Don't be too nice out there. Just go for it!" Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking last week, Sabitzer admitted he was enjoying his time at United so far. "You can feel it, from the first moment here," he said when asked about the upbeat mood within the squad. "Leeds away is a big game and we have to win those games. We were ready for it, the attitude was good. "We knew before [Leeds at home] they would be two tough games and we had to be focused right until the end." And, when quizzed on Erik ten Hag and his own future at the club, he added: "He's good, he's talking to me a lot about what he's expecting from me, so I'll try to fulfill that. "I'm feeling good and I'm liking it here so far. "It's a loan and that's all I can say [about that] at the moment. "What I can say is I'm feeling very good here, I like the team, I like the club, I like the atmosphere at Old Trafford... so we will see what happens in the summer." Sabitzer will be hoping to feature when United lock horns with Barcelona on Thursday (8pm). The midfielder was absent for the 2-2 draw between the two sides last week after picking up a suspension from his time at Bayern Munich.