Jeremy Hunt has been warned he will turn troops into "cannon fodder" unless he gives the army billions of pounds more in funding. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) and The Treasury have been clashing over the Chancellor’s budget for next month. Insiders have claimed Mr Hunt is willing to replenish the £2.3billion worth of tanks, guns and other stockpiles that have been sent to Ukraine last year. He could also add an additional £300million to backtrack on Government plans to shrink the Army to only 73,000 personnel, the smallest amount in around 300 years. But a source from the MoD shunned these offerings, which they said would create "sub-par fighters" and referred to them as a "sticking plaster PR stunt". "Without proper investment to go alongside extra troops, you risk turning them into cannon ­fodder," they told The Sun. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley update given by police as search continues The warning comes amid widespread concerns about the state of Britain’s military. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has warned the UK Government will fail to hit the NATO promise of spending two percent of GDP on the armed forces, unless it bumps up the military’s funding. There is fear Britain is depleting its military because of its arms donations to Ukraine, and concerns about how inflation is eroding the real value of the £16bn the Treasury under Sunak in 2020 committed to the Ministry of Defence. The army, in its current state, would run out of ammunition if it was called to fight and would reportedly take up to 10 years to create a modern warfighting division with between 25,000 to 30,000 troops. Don't miss... Police slammed for missing 'golden rule' during Nicola Bulley search [LATEST] Nicola Bulley update given by police as search continues [LATEST] Moment rapist PC David Carrick was arrested shown in court sentencing [LATEST] However, a source from the Treasury said Rishi Sunak and Mr Hunt "recognise" the demand for more spending, which they say is under an ongoing Integrated review. Lord George Robertson, the previous Secretary General of NATO, aired his concern that Britain was underestimating the threat from the Kremlin. He said Sunak needs to behave more like a Prime Minister in the midst of war. "The prime minister needs to wake up to the fact that Vladimir Putin has declared war on the West and we are the second military power in the West and we've got to live up now to the challenge that he [Mr Sunak] faces," Lord Robertson told Sky News.