A mum has been left furious after claiming a school "humiliated" children by removing food from their plates with tongs due to debts. The parent, who asked not to be named, claimed the incident occurred on February 2.   Lunch staff at Liverpool College in Mossley Hill allegedly came through the lunch hall to remove pizza slices, cookies, and water bottles from plates in front of other pupils. It is claimed they then told the children, who were "in tears" to inform their parents about their bills, reports The Liverpool Echo. The school has categorically denied that any pupil has gone without lunch. The parent said: "The school wrote to parents last week threatening to take legal action over minimal balances. "They then decided to humiliate scores of children as their accounts for school meals had slipped into a negative balance. "The lunch staff publicly shamed the children by coming through the lunch hall with tongs and removing slices of pizzas, cookies, and bottles of water from their plates. "I think the word from one of them was 'not today' as they took one of the child's two slices of pizza. "To add insult to injury the food then had to be disposed of as the children had touched it. "Children were left in tears, ringing their parents to have their accounts topped up, but even this wasn’t enough as they were then told it took time to register and sent them away again."  The parent, whose own children were not affected but were shocked to see the alleged treatment of their friends, said she understands schools should not have to deal with the debts but "couldn't help but think" there was a better way to communicate with parents. She continued: "I cannot believe that any school would treat families like this, particularly one which purports to have such high values. "There are many families across the city who are struggling with the cost of living. "Children having to call their parents telling them they need to top up in January must have been really embarrassing." Principal, Mr Hans van Mourik Broekman, categorically denied any pupil has or will ever go without lunch at Liverpool College. He said: "No pupil at Liverpool College has ever or will ever go without a lunch. "The College and its catering company partner do need to limit the amount currently owed by parents to our caterer as it is at unsustainable levels. "We appreciate times are difficult and we will not see pupils go without lunch. "These policies have been explained in writing to parents and pupils, and the College has apologised for any upset caused by their introduction."