Prince Harry, 38, and Meghan Markle, 41, are reportedly keen to build up their US business empire and are said to have recruited a well respected Hollywood broker. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have hired Hollywood dealmaker and venture capitalist Adam Lilling, who they met at Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi's renewed their wedding vows in Los Angles last week, according to Page Six. Jane Moore, 60, has addressed the claims and said the couple will need to seek funds in order to maintain their current lifestyle. The Loose Women panellist said she would be concerned for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex if the financier in question has "not taken them on" as clients. Writing in her latest column for The Sun, she penned: "[Adam] Lilling has an excellent track record with other 'celebrities' (because that’s what H[and]M are now), but what if he hasn’t taken them on? "In pursuit of maintaining the life to which they have become accustomed and need ongoing funds for, they might search elsewhere for help. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson confirms future of Clarkson's Farm after 'axe' claims "And look how that turned out for Uncle Andrew with his financier chum Jeffrey." Lilling, 53, was the founder of Pentagon CDs, an online internet and music enterprise which was bought out by Virgin in 1999. Five years later, Lilling set up BiggerBoat, an entertainment search engine focused on media, music and film. The search engine was set up to give consumers and entertainment fanatics a specialised tool to find producers and artists on the web.  Back in 2012, Forbes named him as one of the "12 Entrepreneurs Who Are Changing LA Forever". The same publication praised the "serial entrepreneur" for "providing great insight" into the entertainment and music industry. In a recent interview, Lilling said his favourite podcast of 2022 was Meghan's Archetypes. Meanwhile, Prince Harry's memoir has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book since records began in 1998, publishers claim. DON'T MISS... Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny[LATEST]Stacey Dooley shares first look of baby Minnie with beau Kevin Clifton[VIDEO]Judge Robert Rinder pictured in hospital after undergoing surgery[PICTURES] The Duke of Sussex's autobiography has sold 750,000 copies across all formats - print, audio and e-book - in the UK since its publication on January 10. Meghan and Harry also have signed lucrative deals with Spotify for £25million ($30m) and Netflix for £81million ($100m). Elsewhere, it has been reported that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to make an appearance at the King's coronation. Members of the royal family are “fully expecting” them to be at the event, reports claim. It comes amid speculation that Prince Harry and Meghan might “find a reason not to go” to the event at Westminster Abbey on 6 May to mark the beginning of the King’s reign. The release of Harry’s memoir Spare and the couple’s Netflix documentary, both of which contained explosive allegations against the royal family, was seen as a possible barrier to the pair being invited for the coronation. A source told the Daily Mail: "Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that. “And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the royal family will be willing to discuss… and that’s the weather.”