The actress freely admits that nepotism played a huge part in her bagging the sought-after role in the critically acclaimed detective series.  Speaking to the Full Disclosure podcast, the star explained how nepotism played a big part.  She said: “Because I was with Martin at the time, there was a lot of nepotism being bandied around.”  “It’s true, it was that. Both Mark and Steven [writers on the show], said they were trying to figure out who the best person would be to play Mary Watson’s wife. READ MORE: Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes “They thought it would be the person who was going out with him. [Martin Freeman]” She continued: “It made sense. We’d worked together on many things. It seemed like a natural thing. “I was over the moon because I loved that show.” Amanda, 48, who was in a relationship with the Sherlock star for 16 years, shares two teenage children with him.   The couple split in 2016.  The admission comes as many celebrities and their children are being called out for nepotism as the “nepo babies" debate continues to stoke attention.  Many celebrities have spoken out in defence of accusations of nepotism levelled at their children.  Talking to Dave Berry on Absolute Radio Breakfast last month, Oasis frontman Noel Gallagher argues that people were looking at nepotism in the wrong way.  He said: “It all depends which way you look at it. My daughter follows me around with a camera and she films me and all that.”   DONT MISS: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears' [LATEST] Prince William honours John Torode with MBE at Buckingham Palace [LATEST] Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen [LATEST] “She did a film about the making of the album.”   He surmised: “I guess you want to keep things close to home, but they have to be good at what they do.   "She’s good at what she does. She’s not just wandering around pointing a camera going ‘muhh there’s my dad’, she is great.   “It’s not the worst thing in the world if you get your kids working for you, they’re cheap, do you know what I mean?” However, Lily-Rose Depp, daughter of singer Vanessa Paradis and Hollywood star Johnny Depp, sparked “nepo baby” controversy when she was revealed as an ambassador for Chanel aged 18.   Many questioned how Lily Rose's 5’3 height was overlooked for the campaign, when the modelling industry is notorious for hiring tall models.  Other celebrities have defended the notion of “nepo babies".  In an article published in The State News, Shakespeare in Love actress Gwyneth Paltrow argued that nepo babies have to work twice as hard as their famous parents