Manchester United could soon have new owners in place. A consortium from Qatar are interested in buying the Red Devils from the Glazers, who are open to selling up after 18 years in charge. And they’re also reportedly willing to give Erik ten Hag huge transfer backing, too. United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. But fans have long opposed to their regime and, back in November, the Americans confirmed they were open to selling the Red Devils. Now, a consortium from Qatar is interested in buying United. What’s more, they’re willing to give Ten Hag the transfer backing to turn the club into an unparalleled force once again. Superstars such as Harry Kane, Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham are all likely to be targets. So Express Sport will now take a look at how United could line up if the trio all end up being pursued and moving to Old Trafford. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United have been happy with the performances of David De Gea this term. The Spain international struggled during the early embers of the campaign, making errors in defeats to Brighton and Brentford. But, since then, he’s not put a foot wrong. United are in talks with De Gea over a new contract, with the 32-year-old willing to stay on reduced terms. Therefore, it’s still feasible he’ll remain as Ten Hag’s No 1 - despite Dean Henderson being due to return from a loan spell at Nottingham Forest. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United are likely to be linked with a defender or two, especially given the uncertainty over the long-term futures of Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof. Maguire has struggled for regular game time this term, sparking talk of a potential move to Inter Milan. And Lindelof is another player down in Ten Hag’s pecking order. However, when everyone is fully fit and firing, the 53-year-old is more than happy with his current options. So a back four consisting of Diogo Dalot, Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw doesn’t look like changing anytime soon. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid have all long been considered frontrunners in the race to sign Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund. But United, with money in the bank and the lure of a new project at Old Trafford, are ready to fight their rivals when it comes to landing the England international. United did roll out the red carpet for Bellingham in 2020 and the midfielder may well remember that when it comes to choosing his next club. Should he join, he’d likely partner up with Casemiro in the middle of the park. And Bruno Fernandes would then slot further ahead of the duo in the No 10 position. United are set to go big when a takeover is completed, especially if business is done with Qatar. So why not go after both Mbappe and Kane? Mbappe will have just a year left on his PSG contract come the summer, though the forward does have the option to stay until 2025. And while Real Madrid have long been considered frontrunners in the race to land the 2018 World Cup winner, a takeover could swing any transfer pendulum United’s way. Kane will also have just a year left on his deal come the summer, with his long-term future at Tottenham shrouded in uncertainty. So he’d definitely be a potential partner for Marcus Rashford up top providing there’s a deal to be done.