A long-predicted big freeze may be off the cards for the beginning of March, according to one forecaster. But, before anyone reaches for their t-shirts and shorts, the latest consensus is that it may strike during the latter part of next month. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services agreed with weather maps which appear to show a cold snap swerving the UK next week. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he explained what looks to be the most likely outcome. He said: "Every day it backs off eastwards due the the Omega (blocking) to our west. For now and the next 10 days that’s the winner. "I still fancy something will give but it’s now later rather than sooner." Weather maps had originally predicted a temperature plunge for all four nations from March 7, with the potential for some heavy snowfall around this time. But now the country looks set to bask in far milder conditions, with temperatures even peaking at a comfortable 12C in the south east on March 12. The start of next month has been under constant scrutiny thanks to a weather event which took place this month. Sudden stratospheric warming, which was blamed for 2018's Beast from the East, began across the middle of February.   While it's never fully guaranteed to bring a return of the beast to the UK, it can throw a possibility of a delayed cold snap to the east. While models initially reflected this, they appear to have changed. But the chances of a chilly return are not completely thrown out, with even the Met Office alluding to some snowfall in late March. It's long range forecast for the entire month offers some likely scenarios, with some "possibly disruptive snow" still not out of the question for the first fortnight of March. From March 3 to 12 it says: "Friday is likely to be mostly cloudy with some light rain in places, although some clear or sunny intervals remain possible. Into the weekend, settled conditions are expected to continue, bringing variable cloud with some clear, sunny spells. READ MORE: Rare snowfall sees Hollywood sign disappear as record-breaking storm hits California  "Showers mainly along northern and eastern coasts could be wintry across hills. Later in the period, high pressure is expected to migrate northwestwards, increasing the likelihood of any wintry showers in the north and east. "There is a small possibility of more organised rain or snow spreading southwards, with the west and northwest most likely to remain under a settled regime. "Winds generally light to moderate, possibly becoming stronger in the north. Temperatures generally colder than average, with some overnight frost likely." Then, later on into the middle to end of March, is when the fresh chaos could arrive. From March 12 to 26, it adds: "Through this period, spells of rain and snow are likely at times, with a small possibility of these combining with stronger winds to become locally disruptive. "Overall though, conditions are more likely to be mixed, with some areas remaining largely snow free. Northwestern areas are likely to stay driest throughout. "Temperatures are likely to remain below average to start, although a trend towards average temperatures is most likely later on. "Despite this trend, short colder spells remain possible, and are more likely than average."