The US says it has recovered critical sensors from the suspected Chinese spy balloon it shot down over its airspace on February 4. The Chinese balloon, which Beijing maintains was a civilian-use balloon intended for meteorology research, spent a week drifting over the US and Canada before President Joe Biden ordered it to be shot down off the South Carolina coast. The US military's northern command said in a statement: "Crews have been able to recover significant debris from the site, including all of the priority sensor and electronics pieces identified as well as large sections of the structure." The latest discovery comes after a further three unidentified objects were shot down over North American airspace. The US Navy has been conducting an all-underwater search for the remnants of the massive balloon that a US fighter jet shot down off the coast of South Carolina on February 4. The debris collected is being hauled by small boats to a few area locations, including a Coast Guard station south of Myrtle Beach - a vacation resort on South Carolina’s Atlantic coast, and, depending on the size, is being transported either to the FBI lab at Quantico, Virginia, or other sites where experts can analyse it. According to the Biden administration, the China balloon shot down was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance program that targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. READ MORE: Joe Biden faces growing calls to address suspected spy balloons as Americans 'freak out' The Biden administration's pronouncements have triggered a tit-for-tat for exchange with China, further straining relations between the two countries. China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions”. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests". But the US maintains it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt.  Its presence prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high. A fleet of balloons operates under the direction of the People’s Liberation Army and is used specifically for spying, outfitted with high-tech equipment designed to gather sensitive information from targets across the globe, the US said. Details outlining the program’s capabilities were meant to refute China’s persistent denials that the balloon was used for spying. Beijing said US accusations about the balloon amount to "information warfare". The tense exchange comes as US military fighter jets shot down an octagonal object over Lake Huron on Sunday, the Pentagon said. DON'T MISS:Horror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT] The vessel — flying about 20,000 feet above the lake waters — was shot down by an F-16 fighter jet with a missile on Sunday afternoon, at the direction of President Biden and based on the recommendations of military leadership, Pentagon Press Secretary Brig. Gen. Pat Ryder said in a statement. The path and altitude of the object — which flew close to sensitive Department of Defense sites and could have posed a risk to commercial aircraft — raised concerns, the press secretary said. "We did not assess it to be a kinetic military threat to anything on the ground, but assess it was a safety flight hazard and a threat due to its potential surveillance capabilities," Ryder said. Meanwhile, on Capitol Hill, the House voted unanimously to condemn China for a “brazen violation” of US sovereignty and efforts to “deceive the international community through false claims about its intelligence collection campaigns” last week. Republicans criticised Biden for not acting sooner to down the balloon, but both parties’ lawmakers came together on the vote: 419-0. Beijing will dial up its tactics in response to US accusations of spying, a military analyst has told Express.co.uk. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, said China will likely conduct "cyber intrusions" while disparaging the US and intensifying tension around Taiwan.