Piers Morgan was left gutted overnight as England suffered a dramatic Test defeat to New Zealand. The hosts won by one run in an all-time classic at Wellington. England dominated large parts of the Test. Centuries from Harry Brook and Joe Root helped them score 435 in the first innings after being put into bat. New Zealand were enforced to follow on after being bowled out for just 209 in their reply. Kane Williamson led the fightback with a fine 132 and England were set 258 to win the series. Ben Stokes' side were favourites having won their last six Tests. However, New Zealand pulled off a remarkable victory. They became just the fourth team in Test history to win a match after following on. And big cricket fan Morgan was not happy afterwards on social media.  He tweeted, accompanied by lots of angry-faced emojis: "FFS. What a game. Congrats New Zealand, commiserations England. Wonderful Test match. Gutted. Goodnight." He had earlier posted: "If you’re not up at 2.32am in England watching this Test match, you need to seriously examine your priorities in life. It’s one of the all-time great matches." England came agonisingly close to their target. Root backed up his first innings display with a swashbuckling 95. The tourists needed just seven runs to win when wicket-keeper Ben Foakes was caught at fine leg. Jimmy Anderson had the chance to score the winning runs in a Test for the first time in his career.  But he could only tickle a Neil Wagner short ball behind to Tom Blundell when only two runs were required. Wagner picked up four wickets to spearhead victory for Tim Southee's side. England skipper Stokes was not too downbeat and preferred to look at the positives of a classic encounter. He told BT Sport: "It is disappointing to not win, but we look at the bigger picture. What everyone has enjoyed here today is probably bigger than any disappointment at the moment. "Being in that situation in the last half an hour, it is everything you wish for. And even though we came out on the wrong side of it, you can't help but feel blessed that we managed to be a part of an incredible game like that. "It was always our game to lose once we had enforced the follow-on. The logic was our bowlers had ripped through their top order three innings in a row and we knew New Zealand had to play pretty much the perfect game to put us in a situation like this." 