Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has been blasted by broadcaster Natalie Sawyer for his take on a VAR call that marred their draw with Brentford last weekend. The Spaniard has repeatedly cited the 'two points' his team missed out on ahead of their clash with Aston Villa on Saturday, having dropped down to second spot in the Premier League table this week. The Gunners have set the pace so far this season, but the pendulum has swung towards Manchester City since their head-to-head win in the FA Cup last month. Since then, Arsenal have lost two, drawn one and won none in the Premier League, with the Sky Blues now ahead on goal difference. A 1-1 draw at home to Brentford last Saturday was a major setback on that run. Leandro Trossard put the hosts ahead in the second half before Ivan Toney's 74th-minute equaliser which, in retrospect, should have been disallowed for an offside that VAR did not spot. Lee Mason, who was on VAR duties for the game, has since left the PGMOL after the refereeing body's chief, Howard Webb, called an emergency meeting last week. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd "That wasn't a human error, that was not conceiving an understanding of your job," Arteta told reporters after the game. "That's not acceptable, I'm sorry. It cost Arsenal two points and it's not going to be restored so we're going to have to find those two points somewhere else in the league. I will only be satisfied if they give me the two points back, which is not going to happen." Presenter and Brentford fan Natalie Sawyer has taken exception to the Arsenal boss' comments, however, owing to the Bees' superb recent form. With only four defeats in 22 Premier League matches this term, Thomas Frank has led them to eighth in the table, ahead of Chelsea and Liverpool.   "What I will say, and this has been getting on my goat for a while, is the fact that Mikel Arteta kept going on about 'give us our two points back'," Sawyer told talkSPORT. "That has riled me a lot. That's very deluded and very disrespectful to assume that, with 20 minutes or so to go, they were going to win that game against Brentford. "I know I'm going to say that because it's my team, but that has really riled me. I think that's totally wrong and disrespectful to a Brentford team that had more chances in the game. Why would you assume that you would have won that game? That's what I don't understand."  Arsenal's painful setback was compounded on Wednesday evening as they were beaten 3-1 by title-chasers City. Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland were among the goals to negate Bukayo Saka's first-half penalty. The Gunners face another tough test on Saturday with a trip to face Aston Villa. Arteta's predecessor, Unai Emery, is now in charge at Villa Park and he would surely love to get one over on his former employers by extending their frustrating run of results.