Want to watch The Last Of Us for free? The blockbuster HBO show, based on the critically-adored PlayStation game of the same name, is exclusive to Sky Atlantic in the UK, which is only available to watch with a Sky Glass, Sky Stream, or Sky Q subscription. You can also watch The Last Of Us via a NOW membership (formerly NOW TV) too, but those who pay extra for Sky TV channels on Virgin TV will find the show missing from their library. For a limited time, it's possible to watch episodes of the must-see show, which stars Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey, without paying a penny. Want to watch for free? Sky is offering a 30-day free trial of its latest set-top box – Sky Stream – but hurry, the promotion ends this week! The clever Sky Stream box, which was awarded the full five-stars in our Sky Stream review, offers exclusive Sky TV channels, like Sky Atlantic, in up to 4K Ultra HD quality over Wi-Fi. Yes, you won't need to affix a satellite dish to the outside of your house to watch live TV from Sky. Sky offers free next-day delivery with all Sky Stream orders and (for a limited time) has waived its one-off set-up fee. So, you'll be able to start streaming the latest exclusive boxsets, blockbusters, and documentaries within 24-hours of placing an order. Cancel anytime during the 30-day free trial and you won't be charged. Handily, the next 30 days is just enough time to watch the complete nine-episode run for The Last Of Us season one, which ends March 13, 2023. The Last Of Us has been co-written and co-created by Craig Mazin, best known for creating the five-part series Chernobyl for Sky TV and HBO. Like its namesake video game, the TV show follows the journey of hardened survivor Joel (Pascal) as he takes charge of 14-year-old girl (Ramsey) who may be humanity's last hope following the apocalyptic fallout of a global pandemic. The first season of The Last Of Us will contain a total of nine episodes, with the finale due to be broadcast in mid-March 2023. The Last Of Us is broadcast weekly on Sky Atlantic HD (channel 108). Sky airs new episodes at 2am GMT every Monday morning, so UK fans can watch at exactly the same time as US counterparts – avoiding the chance of seeing any spoilers online or at the water cooler in the office. The latest episode of The Last Of Us will be available on-demand as soon as the live broadcast finishes, around 3am GMT in the morning. That means you'll be able to download the latest episode via Sky Go to watch on your phone or tablet for the journey to work. If you'd rather not place an order for a brand-new Sky Stream box, there is another way to watch The Last Of Us without paying. Sky TV has generously uploaded the first episode in its entirety to YouTube to watch for free. You'll need to be signed in with a YouTube account to prove your age as The Last Of Us is rated 15 in the UK. However, as soon as that's set up, you can watch the season one premiere free of charge. If you find yourself on the edge of your seat when the credits roll, it might be time to take a look at that 30-free trial for Sky Stream again – easily one of the best Sky deals that we've come across. The Last Of Us started to air in the UK from January 16, 2023. The show is broadcast on Sky Atlantic at the same time as HBO airs the latest episode in the United States, so UK viewers can avoid the risk of seeing spoilers on social media. The only problem? That means staying up until 2am GMT on a Monday morning to be amongst the first to watch the new episode. Sky Atlantic broadcasts the latest episode for a second time at the (more sociable) time of 9pm GMT on Monday evening. As soon as the show has finished at around 3am, it will be available to watch on-demand. Sky Go customers will be able to stream or download The Last Of Us from their iPhone, iPad, Android phone or tablet. Below, we've rounded up the complete list of episode titles and release dates and times for the first season of The Last Of Us. These dates and timings only apply to the UK, as those watching on HBO in the US or streaming via HBO Max in another timezone will be watching on Sunday night, rather than (very) early Monday morning due to the time difference. The complete rundown of release times is... Yes! If you're worried about committing to the apocalyptic series without knowing whether it will continue, rest assured. HBO has already confirmed plans to bring back the series for a second series. It's easy to see why the prestigious network has decided to return to The Last Of Us, it's already become Sky Atlantic’s second-biggest US drama debut, behind only House of the Dragon which launched last August. The Last Of Us creators Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann has already started to put pen to paper planning the continuation of the story in season two. It's currently unclear whether the forthcoming second series will forge its own path, or time-jump forward to follow the events presented in The Last Of Us Part II video game, which launched back in 2020. There are a couple of ways to watch The Last Of Us without paying. Sky Atlantic has kindly uploaded the full first episode of The Last Of Us to its YouTube channel for anyone to stream for free. You'll be able to stream the premiere of the big-budget HBO show from any device with a dedicated YouTube app, including your iPhone, iPad, Android phone or tablet, Fire TV Stick, Roku, Apple TV, Google Chromecast, laptop, desktop PC, Smart TV and many more. If you're gripped by the opening episode of season one, you can continue to watch The Last Of Us without paying. It's all thanks to an exciting new deal from Sky TV, which bundles a one-month subscription to its Sky Stream box for free. Cancel anytime during the 30-day trial period and you'll pay nothing. Sky has also waived its upfront fee and postage costs, so you won't need to pay to get started – and you can be watching The Last Of Us on your new box within 24-hours. MORE LIKE THIS