Brexit was never about turning our backs on the countries that remain in the EU but restoring our sovereignty and making the most of global trading opportunities. The Windsor Framework should clear the way for Britain to enjoy a new era of trade and cooperation with our European allies.  Throughout the business community, there is a longing for a “new chapter” in our relations with the EU. The time for squabbles and stand-offs is over. Our entrepreneurs should get out there and strike jobs-generating deals. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and EU chief Ursula von der Leyen appear to have achieved an astonishing success. Instead of engaging in ego-burnishing brinkmanship, they have worked hard to deliver a deal that is better than many people dared hope. Their ambition and dedication should inspire the UK and the nations of Europe. Together, we can develop the technologies which will shape the decades ahead and create much-needed wealth. Entrepreneurs and scientists who strike gold in Europe will enrich us all. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt must not forget the plight of older citizens when he delivers his Budget later this month. Average real earnings for workers over 60 are £2,200 lower than in 2020-21, according to a Labour analysis. The cost-of-living crisis means that people who had once looked forward to a well-earned retirement are now struggling to pay for everyday items. Many pensioners and older workers have intense caring responsibilities and health challenges of their own. The Chancellor should take every opportunity to help these men and women who have done so much to build modern Britain. The Prince of Wales knows he married an extraordinary woman – and yesterday she gave him yet another reason to marvel. The pair raced against one another on exercise bikes and the princess triumphed despite wearing a skirt and heels. Kate was up for a tougher challenge, asking if the organisers of the contest at a leisure centre in Wales could “make it harder”. Her delight in tasks that would leave most of us exhausted and reeling reminds us why she will make a superlative Queen.