The importance of a child’s first years has been more than a decade-long venture for Kate as evidenced by her landmark 5 Big Questions survey, her frequent visits with ties to the wellbeing and early years development of children as well as meetings with experts in the field. But the launch of her latest campaign, Shaping US, highlighted not just the new stage of her passion project but also the royal’s own personal transformation.    Kate exuded confidence, poise and professionalism throughout this week’s engagements as she continues her seamless transition from the Duchess of Cambridge to the Princess of Wales before she becomes the UK’s next Queen. “She’s definitely come into her own,” says royal commentator Afua Hagan as she highlights her newfound confidence when delivering speeches, such as the one at the pre-launch event for Shaping Us on Monday evening. Ms Hagan notes that the improved tenacity in her public speaking is likely because she’s discussing a topic she really cares about. “At first when she was delivering speeches it wasn’t entirely the best but she’s now dealing with something she really really believes in,” she told Express.co.uk. “And when you’re talking about something that you really care about you’re going to be more passionate about it and I think that’s coming across.” The commentator added that it’s clear Kate has “found her purpose” and she’s excelling in delivering that to the public.    Longstanding royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams agreed, and noted how she has “grown in confidence” recently. He said that Kate has fast become the Royal Family’s safe pair of hands, adding: “The Royal Family has been under a lot of pressure recently so [her new campaign] is especially significant at a time like this.” The Princess of Wales is the perfect example of the Firm’s “keep calm and carry on” approach in the face of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s barrage of explosive claims against the Royal Family in recent months. She shows how the Royal Family doesn’t trap you, it opens doors, he said, adding: “You’re looking at William and Catherine who are devoted to their roles as a member of an institution where they don’t feel trapped, they feel they can achieve things.” In Prince Harry’s infamous tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke said he felt “trapped” as a senior member of the Royal Family and also claimed that his brother and father are also “trapped” by the monarchy. READ MORE: Prince Harry frustrated 'no apology to Meghan has been made'   But Mr Fitzwilliams said the Wales’s, especially Kate, are the perfect example of members of the Royal Family who are “tremendously supportive of the institution of monarch” and using it to support causes. This approach explains why the Princess has such a large following, as the public rely on her to “just get on with the job”, Ms Hagan said. “She doesn’t speak out of turn, she doesn’t rock the boat - she just gets on with it. That’s why people respond to her.” And her campaigning on Early Years is gaining traction, especially as Kate has received the backing of leading voices in the area, including radio DJ Roman Kemp, mental health advocate Fearne Cotton and Happy Baby Happy Mum podcast host Giovanna Fletcher. DON'T MISS:Inside Tory MP Bob Seely's attempt to strip Harry and Meghan of titles [DETAILS]Meghan and Harry 'no longer going to be focussing on rift' [CLAIM]Meghan and Harry are seen 'apart' in 'unique' moment [PICTURES]  “There’s absolutely no question that she’s making a mark here,” said Mr Fitzwilliams. “It’s a wonderful example of how, backed by a royal, you can achieve a great deal in a field that has not been much recognised before.” Kate’s new ambitious campaign, described as her "life's work", is aimed at raising the profile of the crucial period of a child's development, from pregnancy to the age of five. She intends to devote the rest of her working life to highlighting how what happens in a child’s first five years often dictates how happy, healthy and confident they will be throughout adulthood. Kate’s transformation isn’t just in the delivery of her campaign, but also in her appearance. Her outfits have become bolder - in both colour and style - in what experts suggest shows that she has found an extra level of confidence. On Monday night she exuded confidence in an eye-catching red trouser suit and the week before she stepped out for an engagement wearing a bright fuschia number  Donia Youssef, campaigner and award-winning children’s author, commented that Kate “appears to be taking ownership over her image in ways that are both fashionable and powerful… one can’t help but feel inspired by Princess Kate’s newfound confidence”. PR expert Shannon Peerless suggested Kate’s shift to bright colours is to ensure she is centre stage when giving important speeches. It is also a bold statement of intent. “Bright colours equal visibility and Kate, as a brand, needs to be even more visible than usual with the launch of her campaign,” said Ms Peerless, managing director at marketing and branding agency 10 Yetis. The late Queen Elizabeth II was famous for her colourful looks as a means to ensure she was visible when she stepped out in public - and Mr Fitzwilliams said Kate appears to be taking inspiration from this.  Meanwhile Ms Peerless suggests her shift from dresses to chic suits could be to show “she means business”. Whatever the reason behind her new wardrobe, it appears to be working, and this week has been a resounding success for the Princess. Her hard work behind the scenes in preparing for the launch has paid off and shown she’s capable of bearing more responsibility and scrutiny as she steps of from the Duchess of Cambridge to the Princess of Wales.   