Just last month, Austin Butler won the Best Drama Actor award at the Golden Globes for his portrayal of Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic. The King’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley and their daughter Lisa Marie Presley watched on as the actor expressed his love for them in his acceptance speech. Yet just two days later Elvis’ only child was dead at 54 after suffering two cardiac arrests. She adored the 31-year-old as her father and now he’s could be going on to Oscars glory after a surprise win at the BAFTAs last night. The Whale’s Brendan Fraser and The Banshees of Inisherin’s Colin Farrell were the bookies’ favourites to win Best Actor, but Butler beat them to it in a shock victory. The surprised Elvis star said: “Wow this is truly extraordinary. I thank you all so much. I thank you, BAFTA for this tremendous honour. To my fellow nominees, I’m in awe of you. I am so grateful for all these times we’ve been able to spend together. Brendan [Fraser] you’re right there, I love you. Man, this is amazing. I’m really trying to take everything in and be really present. Y’know I’ve got so many people I want to thank…” At the end of the thank yous, Butler added: “And, of course, I want to thank Mr Baz Luhrmann. This film would not have been possible without you. Your vision, your dedication, your commitment every step of the way. I love you dearly. I want to thank my family. You are my everything. And lastly, I want to thank the Presley family. I cannot thank you guys enough for your love and for sharing with me who Elvis truly was. I hope I’ve made you proud. This means the world to me. Thank you all so much. God bless you.”  READ MORE: Elvis Presley's ex-wife on what he would have thought of Austin Butler According to Variety, Butler admitted: “It’s been a really unimaginably tragic time, you know, and grief is a long process.And so my heart and my love was with [the Presley family] always. I feel honoured to have been welcomed into the family. It’s a bittersweet time.” The star’s odds of winning the Best Actor Oscar have now shorted to 10-3, overtaking Farrell on 38-5. However, the favourite for the coveted gong firmly remains Fraser for The Whale on 19-20. Lisa Marie joked before her death that she’d eat her foot if Butler didn’t win the Oscar for Elvis and it’s less than a month before the winner is announced on March 12. SOURCE