Chelsea boss Graham Potter could reportedly be without Thiago Silva for the next six weeks in another painful blow for the Blues manager, who is facing a battle to save his job over the coming matches. Silva hobbled off the pitch with a knock in Chelsea's defeat at Tottenham on Sunday to spark fears over his continued availability, with the west Londoners set to face Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League next week. Silva went down clutching his knee in the opening 20 minutes of the match at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and was promptly taken off as he limped down the tunnel to receive further treatment. It has since emerged that Chelsea may be forced to cope without the veteran defender for at least their next few games, with those at Stamford Bridge said to be worried that he could be sidelined for around six weeks. That's according to the Evening Standard, who claim that Chelsea are sweating over Silva's fitness as they look to save their lacklustre campaign by finding some much-needed winning form over the coming weeks and months. The club confirmed the injury with an official statement on Tuesday, which explained that Silva has suffered damage to his knee ligaments but is hoping to return to action in due course. "Having sustained a knee injury during the first half of Sunday’s match against Tottenham Hotspur, Thiago underwent further assessment and a scan on his return to the training centre on Monday," read the statement. JUST IN: Lionel Messi risked angering PSG team-mate Kylian Mbappe with vote "Scan results from those assessments have confirmed damage to Thiago’s knee ligaments and he will now work closely with the club’s medical department during his rehabilitation to return to action as soon as possible." It remains to be seen when Silva will be ready to get back to business with Chelsea, who could really do with his presence at the back in their efforts to rescue their dire recent form as a matter of priority. Potter insisted after Sunday's defeat at Tottenham that his side looked weaker in the absence of Silva and expressed his desire to see the Brazilian centre-back returning to the fold as quickly as possible. "It wasn’t ideal at all," the Chelsea boss told Sky Sports after the final whistie. "Unfortunately, things like that happen. Wesley [Fofana] came in and was good but Thiago’s absence hurt us. He’s very important to us. "Hopefully it is nothing serious and he can come back straight in and help us but so far I haven’t spoken to the team doctor to know exactly the full details of the injury." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.