Dame Joan Collins, 89, took to Instagram on Thursday morning to share her anger after a cyclist "crashed" into her and "almost knocked her over". The beloved actress shared a photograph of herself with friends, including Christopher Biggins, in a restaurant. In the caption, Joan revealed that just moments before she had been hit by a cyclist on a closed road in London. Detailing the incident, she wrote: "Getting out of a #blackcab on the way to @rules_restaurant, we discovered #maidenlane was closed to all traffic. "However, that didn’t stop a masked #cyclist with no lights and weaving on the pavement from crashing into me, almost knocking me over." READ MORE:Ricky Gervais tickles fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands  Continuing in her frustrated post, she took aim at Mayor of London Sadiq Khan and urged him to "do something". She went on: "How much longer must we live with closed roads and cyclists who consider themselves above the law? "Why don’t you do something @mayorofldn @sadiq before this beautiful city of #london is ruined?" (sic)  Dame Joan was quickly inundated with supportive messages from her friends and fans. @dogssporttugtoys wrote: "What an ordeal. I hope you are ok Dame Joan." Nikki fumed: "Why do cyclists prefer the pavement? If you are too scared to use the road, don’t cycle! Fed up of pedestrians being bottom of the list permanently!" And Luiz added: "Terrible times Dame Joan… Hope you are fine!" This is not the first bike accident to make headlines this week. On Monday, Dan Walker collided with a car while he was riding his bike, leaving him bloodied and bruised. The presenter shared shocking photographs on social media showing the extent of his injuries from the back of an ambulance. He wrote in his initial caption: "Bit of an accident this morning. DON'T MISSJennifer Grey wows in little black bikini for makeup-free selfie[PICTURES]Harry and Meghan face 'utter ridicule' after South Park's 'takedown'[INSIGHT]Dan Walker 'can't talk' and face is 'a mess' after horrific accident[LATEST] "Glad to be alive after getting hit by a car on my bike." Luckily, Dan did not break any bones and was told that the helmet he was wearing saved his life. In an update on Thursday, Dan said that he "can't really talk" and his face is still "a mess".