Limescale, which is found in hard water areas, can clog up kettles over time, which not only reduces their performance, but also their lifespan. While there is no evidence to suggest that drinking from a kettle with limescale is harmful, it can float in your beverage and sometimes alter the taste. To prevent this from happening, an expert has recommended a homemade mixture to use. Mark Greig, head of supplier management at nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, told Express.co.uk: “Whether it’s being used to make a morning coffee or help boil rice for dinner, our kettle gets lots of use throughout the day. “Unfortunately, over time this leads to white deposits, known as limescale, building up in kettles. “Not only does limescale build-up ruin a nice cup of tea, it also affects the efficiency of the appliance as well. “At a time when energy prices continue to rise, it’s never been more important to maintain your kettle and ensure it operates as efficiently as possible, reducing the overall cost of your bills.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now This means regularly cleaning the kettle as well as other appliances which experience a limescale build up is key to ensuring they run properly. AO.com’s kettle expert, Katy Roberts, explained: “The most effective way to remove limescale from your kettle is to either use a dedicated descale product or a homemade mixture.” This can be made by mixing a teaspoon of baking soda with around two cups of water. Make sure the baking soda is mixed in completely before putting it into the kettle. Katy added: “Pour the mixture into your kettle before boiling it several times. DON'T MISS:Four houseplants best for removing ‘mould’ and ‘other toxins’ [COMMENT]Bed experts share seven signs you have bed bugs [EXPLAINER]Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier [INSIGHT] “Once the mixture has been boiling for around 15 minutes, leave it to cool for another 15 minutes. “After this, simply rinse out the kettle with cold water and use a dry cloth or a sponge to wipe down the inside and remove any traces of the limescale that may remain.” If you experience hard water regularly, it may be worth investing in a kettle which has a limescale filter or a water softening system. Harvey Water Softeners said: “Our two natural cleaning methods use either lemon or vinegar with water to clean and remove limescale from your kettle. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares six garments to never put in the washing machine “Fill the kettle three quarters full with either water and one lemon, or with equal parts water and household vinegar. “Let it soak for one hour and then boil the kettle, three times for lemon and once for vinegar.” Then allow it to cool, before rinsing thoroughly several times to make sure there is no mixture left inside the kettle. Lemon juice is one of the best all-natural cleaners and its citric acid properties make it a great option for cleaning the kettle. It also has antibacterial properties, meaning it’ll also help to disinfect the kettle. Sarah Dempsey, cleaning expert at MyJobQuote, told Express.co.uk that descaling the kettle can make it boil a lot quicker. Sarah said: “This makes it more energy efficient and depending on your energy tariff, it could save you between one pence and three pence every time you make a cuppa. “It’s not a huge saving, but if you use your kettle regularly, this will add up over the course of a year. You can use a shop-bought limescale remover or simply use white vinegar or lemon juice.”