  Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick has died at the age of 57, causing more heartbreak for the actress after the death of her beloved nephew, River. It is believed that Patrick died suddenly in the early hours of Sunday morning in Pennsylvania.      A representative for the coroner’s office told TMZ that Patrick’s death is being ruled as sudden cardiac death due to heart disease. Patrick’s wife Tasha broke the heartbreaking news, writing: “My heart feels like it’s been ripped out of my chest. “Patrick went to be with our sweet River … I don’t know what else to say, he was my world. “I’m not sure what life is supposed to look like without my husband by my side and quite honestly I don’t want to, but I will of course. READ MORE: Chris Packham suffered 'absolute hell' in childhood    “I just hope that you always stay by my side watching over Hunter, Kaylee and I. “Until we meet again I will forever hold you and our wonderful (and some not so wonderful but just as important) memories close to my heart and will visit those memories always. “I love you honey babe. My wish through  all of this is that now at least River has his daddy with him and I hope the two of you are having the best time.” The couple’s son River was just 11 months old when he died of organ failure back in 2021.      Sharon has yet to make a comment on social media about Patrick's death, but will undoubtedly be devastated by the news. The Basic Instinct star spoke about how she was close to Patrick in her book The Beauty of Living Twice. The actress also has a sister named Kelly Stone and a brother named Michael Stone. In her book she also detailed how in recent years she has gotten along with Michael, who has starred in films like The Quick and the Dead (1995), Eraser (1996) and Renaissance Man (2021).   In August 2021, Sharon shared the devastating news that her nephew River had died. The baby boy sadly died just days after he was left in a coma due to “severe organ failure”. Sharon posted a video of baby River with the caption: “River William Stone. Sept. 8, 2020 - Aug. 30, 2021.” River was Patrick and Tasha’s youngest child of three.      Sharon also has three sons of her own: Roan, 22, Laird, 17, and Quinn, 16. The actress adopted her three children over the years, after suffering a miscarriage in 2000 during her marriage to second husband Phil Bronstein, whom she was with from 1998 to 2004. Before that, she was married to Michael Greenburg from 1984 to 1990.   