In a recent episode of BBC’s Dragon’s Den, investors Deborah Meaden, Peter Jones, Sara Davies, Touker Suleyman and Steven Bartlett welcomed a fresh batch of budding entrepreneurs. Although when one couple pitched their subscription-based food kits, viewers were left outraged at their comments.  On Thursday evening, BBC viewers saw Dragons’ Den open its doors once again to aspiring entrepreneurs all looking to pitch their business ideas to five multimillionaire investors. One of which included Londoner Will Moxham and his fiance Hilary Kennedy who wanted to wow the dragon’s away with their vegan food kits called Planthood During the pitch, viewers learned they were asking for £75,000 from the investors for a 2.5 per cent stake in their business. Explaining that the plant-based food movement is rapidly growing, Will told the five Dragon’s the market is set to grow by 450 per cent over the next decade. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis  The subscription-based service would allow people looking at reducing their meat consumption to cook vegan meals in 15 minutes or less using the ingredients provided in their kits. With garnishes and sauces being prepared beforehand, consumers would have to simply follow a set of instructions with new menus available to pick from each week. However, learning that the kits cost £45 each, Dragon Touker Suleyman questioned how likely people were to pay that high price for ingredients. He asked: “So if I went into Lidl, what would I pay for that?”  Will replied: “I wouldn't use Lidl as a benchmark for our service. It's just not going to happen. “The type of people who, up until this point, have been paying a premium for this type of service. “They’re not going to suddenly drop this and go to Lidl and plan all their meals and do this every week, it’s not going to happen.” Although Touker remained adamant that many consumers would look at the ingredients in the kit and think they could get it cheaper in a supermarket. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Sam Dingle dealt another devastating blow [SOAP] Call The Midwife fans fear for Nancy Corrigan after finale [REACTION] Jayne Torvill sparks concern among Dancing on Ice fans after injury [DANCING ON ICE]  Hitting back, Will swiped: “I don’t think you’re putting yourself in our consumer’s shoes.” Hearing Will deliver his pitch on Planthood also failed to impress viewers at home as many were left furious at his swipe at Lidl customers. Cherylscribs commented: “I despise Lidl but I despise snobs even more. How dare you sneer at people that shop there?” Danofthewires fumed: “Aldi and Lidl have both won supermarket of the year within the last two years, maybe he should get his head from his a****."  Bigmacstweet fumed: “Stuck up vegan p*****, what's wrong with Lidl?" Lauraexplorer80 added: “Feeling like I’ve just been scraped off the bottom of his shoe for shopping at Lidl.” While jonbarbuti commented: “Very snobbish, thinking their customers also wouldn’t shop at Aldi or Lidl.” Despite Touker’s reservations, businessman Steven Bartlett offered the couple the total amount they were asking but wanted 7.5 per cent in the business. Accepting his offer, the duo were thrilled as Will said "Pretty incredible. We got what we needed.” Dragon’s Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.