The James Bond actress is suing the company over a film she was set to star in before it was cancelled in 2019. The 42-year-old has claimed she is entitled to her $1million payment for the unmade movie. As she gives evidence in a High Court over the dispute, she has been seen in the new trailer for Apple TV series Liaison. The first French and English-language series on the platform, Liaison released its first trailer on Tuesday. In the trailer, Eva is seen as one of the protagonists trying to combat the cyberattacks on London. The six-episode drama will make its global debut with the first episode later this month followed by a new episode weekly. It will explore how the mistakes of the past have the potential to destroy the future, combining action with an unpredictable, multi-layered plot where espionage and political intrigue play out against a story of passionate and enduring love. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie César Award winner Vincent Cassel co-stars in the thriller alongside Eva. The series also features Peter Mullan, Cesar award winner Gérard Lanvin, Daniel Francis, Stanislas Merhar, Iréne Jacob, Laëtitia Eido, and Eriq Ebouaney. BAFTA rising star Bukky Bakray and Emmy award winner Thierry Frémont also star. Eva's appearance in the teaser for the drama comes as the actress is making headlines over her case against White Lantern Films. The Casino Royale star made her arguments in the High Court last week over failed sci-fi flick A Patriot. In text messages used in White Lantern's evidence, Eva is said to refer to one of the film's executive producers, Jake Seal, as "evil," a "devious sociopath," "a liar and a mad man" and "pure vomit." She is also said to have branded production manager Terry Bird "a f****** moron" and described the men as "total a***holes." When she was confronted with one message, Eva said it was “my Frenchness coming out”. DON'T MISS... Chris Packham hits back at claim he's retiring after Autumnwatch axe [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale fans spot 'ignored' Mandy Dingle wardrobe blunder [REACTION]Pamela Anderson distracts The One Show viewers with appearance [VIDEO] Speaking in court, she explained: "Sometimes I say emotional things I don't really mean. "Of course they are not weak and stupid. It was my emotions speaking." The production company claims Eva made “unreasonable demands” that ultimately undermined the making of the film. Meanwhile, the star insisted in the witness box she had wanted to make the “most brilliant film possible” after “falling in love” with the script. Detailing some of the exchanges between the actress, her agent and the film’s director, the barrister said she referred to local crew members as “sh***y peasants... from Hampshire”. Defending barrister Edmund Cullen KC said the evidence was "designed to paint my client as a diva to win headlines and damage her reputation". Liaison lands on Apple TV+ on February 24.