Queen Consort Camilla reportedly gave Meghan Markle a "cruel nickname" after she and Prince Harry renounced their royal duties in 2020, according to a royal writer. Tom Bower, known for his 2022 biography Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, claims Camilla started calling Meghan "that minx" after the couple left the UK to set up home in Montecito, California. The word minx can be used to describe a "bold, flirtatious or scheming woman". Claims made about King Charles reportedly prompted Camilla to assure him that he had "done the best he could" as a father. The Queen Consort is said to normally be "tight-lipped" about Meghan but has supposedly been "suspicious" of her ever since she started dating Harry. Mr Bower said: "From the outset, Camilla was suspicious about the adventures from Los Angeles. "She found it hard to believe that Meghan would sacrifice her career and independence to serve silently as a team player devoted to the monarchy." However the King also came up with a rather more positive nickname for the Duchess of Sussex, although it initially may not seem so flattering. He allegedly referred to her as "Tungsten" because like the metal she is "tough and unbending". A source told the Mail on Sunday: "Prince Charles admires Meghan for her strength and the backbone she gives Harry, who needs a tungsten-type figure in his life as he can be a bit of a softie. It's become a term of endearment."  READ MORE: Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head It is not yet known whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will travel back to the UK to attend King Charles and Queen Camilla's Coronation on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. The Mirror reported that neither the King nor Prince William had spoken to Harry about his possible attendance, with a source close to the Sussexes saying they are still "undecided". It is understood that Harry wishes to hold a formal discussion with his father and brother ahead of the event.  DON'T MISS:King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [LATEST]Prince Harry's 'cruelty' towards King Charles 'knows no bounds' [SPOTLIGHT]King 'played a blinder' over Harry and Meghan Coronation issue–expert [REPORT] A source said: "Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered – he isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. "He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed." 