NBA legend Shaquille O’Neal insisted those who criticised Rihanna for her Super Bowl half-time performance on Sunday - including former United States president Donald Trump - need to ‘shut the f*** up’. Rihanna returned to the stage at Super Bowl LVII, an epic contest won by the Kansas City Chiefs over the Philadelphia Eagles. Rihanna’s epic half-time show was watched by 118.7 million people - which was more than the 113 million who tuned in for the NFL finale. The 34-year-old went viral as a result and saw her popularity on streaming services remarkably spike in the game’s aftermath. Spotify streaming for Rihanna - who took a six-year hiatus from music before returning for the Super Bowl - increased by more than 640 percent in the United States after her 15-minute show. Rihanna’s opening song ‘Bi**h Better Have My Money’ went up by more than 2,600 percent on Spotify, while ‘Diamonds’ reached over 1,400 percent, streaming for ‘Rude Boy’ shot up by 1,170 percent and ‘We Found Love’ jumped by 1,160 percent. However, even the uber-popular Rihanna cannot escape hate - but at least she has O’Neal fighting her corner. On his The Big Podcast with Shaq featuring Nischelle Turner and WNBA legend Candace Parker, the Los Angeles Lakers icon vehemently defended the 34-year-old, who was later confirmed to be pregnant. READ MORE: Milwaukee Bucks sweating as NBA star Giannis Antetokounmpo injured “She did a wonderful job," Shaq said. “She's pregnant. She blessed it. She didn't fall. Just leave it there. All you superstars that's disrespecting and causing beef….shut it up. O'Neal said it was the first time he ever saw the nine-time Grammy winner perform live, despite being a huge fan. He added: “If she was my woman and I seen one of you superstars do that, I’m gonna have to get at you. Rappers. Presidential candidates. I'm gonna have to get at you. Leave her alone. All you people that have got something to say, shut the f*** up.” DON'T MISSKevin Durant's Kyrie Irving comments speak volumes about past dramaJordan at 60 - Barkley beef, LeBron James view, what NBA icon does nowLeBron James slammed over Anthony Davis and Los Angeles Lakers trades While O’Neal didn’t name exactly which rapper or presidential candidates he was addressing, Trump posted on social media his displeasure with Rihanna’s performance, writing on Truth Social: “EPIC FAIL: Rihanna gave, without question, the single worst Halftime Show in Super Bowl history. “This after insulting far more than half of our Nation, which is already in serious DECLINE, with her foul and insulting language. Also, so much for her 'Stylist!’” WWE legend Goldberg also criticised Rihanna’s show, claiming he was ‘disgusted’ by her performance and labelled it ‘horrible’.