Jurgen Klopp is expected to make two changes to his Liverpool starting line-up for a massive trip to Newcastle today. The Reds, fresh from beating Everton in the Merseyside derby on Monday night, know that victory would reignite their top-four push especially with some key players now returning from injury such as Diogo Jota and Virgil van Dijk. But the Magpies are a joint club-record 17 unbeaten in the Premier League since a trip to Anfield in September. Express Sport looks at how Liverpool could line up at St James’ Park. No surprises in between the sticks, where No 1 goalkeeper Alisson will start. The Brazilian is seeking back-to-back clean sheets in the league for the first time since mid-October but has conceded three goals in each of his last three away matches, a run he will be desperate to curtail here. Klopp’s first change will come in defence. Though Joe Gomez and Joel Matip kept a clean sheet against Everton earlier in the week, Van Dijk is fit again after a hamstring injury and is expected to start on Tyneside. The Cameroonian’s height could see him preferred to Gomez given the height of Aleksandr Isak, Dan Burn and Sven Botman for the hosts at set-pieces. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson should start in the full-back positions although Kostas Tsimikas has started just one of Liverpool’s last 11 league games. Captain Jordan Henderson was a driving force for Liverpool against Everton. But with the Champions League visit of Real Madrid a third match in eight days next Tuesday, Henderson could drop back to the bench here to keep him fresh. Fabinho was improved in the derby and should retain his holding role. Stefan Bacjetic is Klopp’s star performer at present and the Spaniard’s energy off the ball and quality on it will be vital in the absence of Thiago Alcantara in front of a boisterous Newcastle crowd. Naby Keita could replace Henderson to complete the midfield trio. DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'lead' Man Utd and Man City for Mason Mount transferChelsea owner Bohely 'meets with Neymar camp' after covert PSG talksArsenal and Man City charged by FA over three incidents in clash The only outfield department without a change is likely to be the attack, after Mohamed Salah and Cody Gakpo ended goal droughts at Anfield earlier this week. The pair, like Fabinho, were improved and will hope to build on those strikes with more goal contributions in the north east. Darwin Nunez produced an excellent assist for Salah’s opener and should complete the front three even though Jota returned from injury off the bench against Everton. The Portugal international looked short of match sharpness and so will most likely be in line for another half an hour in the second half here before potentially starting against Real Madrid. Liverpool’s expected XI vs Newcastle in full (4-3-3): Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson; Fabinho, Bajcetic, Keita; Salah, Nunez, Gakpo