Vladimir Putin's allies have threatened to cause a radioactive eruption of the Yellowstone super volcano in the US. The talk of an attack came as the dictator ordered a test of Russia's Satan II missile, capable of holding nuclear warheads.   Speaking on a nightly panel discussion on Russian state-run television hosted by Putin lackey Vladimir Solovyov, one military expert spoke about using the terrifying RS-28 Sarmat missiles, also known as the Satan II. He claimed the Sarmat is a "special weapon" which could be used to deliver "large number of nuclear warheads at once". The military expert continued: "It is impossible to build an all-looking defence system, which means that the United States is vulnerable, that is the first point." Then, bizarrely, he threatened sending nukes to the sparsely populated Yellowstone National Park in the western United States. "And the second point is that the Sarmat poses a threat to the most feared facility on US territory, the Yellowstone volcano," the deranged expert added.  Under Yellowstone National Park is a massive magma chamber, which is responsible for the park's famous geysers and springs. If the super volcano ever erupted, it would have devastating consequences for America. It last erupted 70,000 years ago and if it blew today, millions would die over time. However, the United States Geological Society previously said the super volcano can't be set off with a nuclear weapon. The strange threat follows reports that Russia tested one of the Satan 2 missiles earlier this week just before Joe Biden visited the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. The US, however, believes that test failed, according to reporting by CNN. The Russian Defence Ministry hasn't commented on the issue. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: News - Latest UK & World News Stories - Express.co.uk Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews  