Residents of a small US town are worried that they have been exposed to cancerous chemicals after about 50 cars, including 10 carrying hazardous materials, derailed in a fiery crash on February 4. Five of the cars were carrying vinyl chloride - a colourless gas used in making plastic products that can cause dizziness, headaches and drowsiness when inhaled in the short term and a rare form of liver cancer after chronic exposure. Residents within a one-mile area of the crash site in East Palestine, Ohio, were evacuated as vinyl chloride was slowly released from the five cars. Authorities then ignited the gases for a "controlled release" of the highly flammable, toxic chemicals in a controlled environment, causing a plume of thick black smoke to fill the sky. There was particulate matter detected because of the fire, but the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which is overseeing local air quality, said that it did not detect chemical contaminants of concern in the hours following the explosion. "Residents in the area and tens of miles away may smell odours coming from the site. This is because the byproducts of the controlled burn have a low odour threshold," the agency said at the time. READ MORE: US town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire - more explosions expected "This means people may smell these contaminants at levels much lower than what is considered hazardous." Residents have been told it's safe to return but many are not convinced. Locals are reporting burning sensations and persistent coughs, and thousands of fish and chicken have dropped dead. The Ohio Department of Natural Resources said the chemical spill resulting from the derailment had killed an estimated 3,500 small fish across 7½ miles of streams as of Wednesday. DON'T MISS 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall [REPORT] And one resident of North Lima, more than 10 miles from East Palestine, told WKBN-TV that her five hens and rooster died suddenly a day after the controlled explosion. "Don’t tell me it’s safe. Something is going on if the fish are floating in the creek," Cathey Reese, who lives in Negley, Ohio, told NBC affiliate WPXI of Pittsburgh last week. Reese said she saw dead fish in a stream that flows through her backyard. Jenna Giannios, 39, a wedding photographer in nearby Boardman, said she has had a persistent cough for the past week and a half. READ MORE: China humiliated as balloon may have accidentally ended up thousands of miles off-course She has been drinking bottled water, and she is uncomfortable bathing in water from the bathroom spigot, she said. "They only evacuated only one mile from that space, and that’s just insane to me," she said, coughing throughout the conversation. "I’m concerned with the long-term health impact. It’s just a mess." Despite mounting concerns, Ohio officials said Wednesday that residents could return home after air quality samples "showed readings at points below safety screening levels for contaminants of concern". The EPA added that "air monitoring since the fire went out has not detected any levels of concern in the community that can be attributed to the incident at this time". However, the EPA said Friday in a letter to Norfolk Southern that chemicals carried on the train "continue to be released to the air, surface soils, and surface waters. Environmental officials say that monitors detected toxins in the air at the site during the controlled burn and that officials kept people away until that dissipated. They say continuing air monitoring done for the railroad and by government agencies — including testing inside nearly 400 homes — hasn’t detected dangerous levels of vinyl chloride in the area since residents were allowed to return. Express.co.uk has reached out to the EPA for comment.