Qatari investors could reportedly make a move for Tottenham Hotspur even if prominent banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani wins the race to buy Manchester United. The Middle-Eastern country may end up with influence in two of the Premier League's 'big six' clubs amid murmurs of a potential change behind the scenes in north London. Having hosted the World Cup late last year, Qatar and its wealthy individuals have seemingly turned their attention to the Premier League. Al Thani is in the mix to buy Man Utd from the Glazers after lodging a bid, thought to be in excess of £4billion, before the soft deadline on Friday. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is also vying to take the reins at Old Trafford, although the financial might that would come with Middle-Eastern investment could make it a tricky race to win for the Brit. Al Thani is chairman of the Qatar Islamic Bank - one of the biggest in the country - and son of Qatar's former Prime Minister. Amid concerns over links to the Qatari government, United's wealthy takeover hopefuls will have to prove that they are an entirely separate entity from Qatar Sports Investments (QSI), who own Paris Saint-Germain and are led by Nasser Al-Khelaifi. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital QSI, who claim not to be directly affiliated with Al Thani or the Qatari state, are also thought to be interested in bidding for a significant stake in Tottenham, although leaving the majority shareholding to Daniel Levy and Joe Lewis would allow Spurs to compete alongside PSG in the Champions League. According to The Times, the Doha-based investment group would 'consider' making an offer for Tottenham, even if Al Thani completes his takeover of Man Utd, providing Levy and Lewis signal that they would be open to selling a minority stake. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful' Levy - a broadly unpopular figure with fans at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium - has publicly maintained that the club aren't for sale, although fresh speculation arose this week amid reports of an incoming £3.1bn bid from Iranian-American billionaire Jahm Najafi. QSI are looking to expand their global reach in football, having just purchased a 21.67 per cent stake in Portuguese side Braga. While Qatari investors could worm their way into the Spurs boardroom, Ratcliffe has been urged to do the same by former Premier League striker Stan Collymore, who believes that the lifelong United fan would make better decisions if he wasn't emotionally connected to the club.  "Ratcliffe has just turned 70 years of age," Collymore wrote for The Mirror. "At this stage of his life, surely leading Spurs to a cup win and taking them regularly into the Champions League would give him more of a buzz than winning trophies at Old Trafford. "If he did take over up there, the expectation in 18 months’ time would be: ‘Deliver like Fergie.’ For any owner, that’s a nightmare. It’s not exciting, being told you HAVE to win every year. Spurs would take any pot at the moment."