Death in Paradise was given a double renewal back in 2021 for series 11 and 12, with the latter now coming to a close. Throughout all of the investigations over the years, one of the only constants has been Commissioner Selwyn Patterson's (played by Don Warrington), who has been overseeing each of the detectives that have worked under him. Little did he or BBC viewers expect him to become part of a central storyline, where he became a dad. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. In season 11, a face from the Commissioner's past came back to haunt him in the shape of his ex-wife Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). She and the Commissioner were enjoying catching up when she started to pull back from him, as Maggie was harbouring a secret. It was later revealed that Maggie had the Commissioner's daughter Andrina (Genesis Lynea) many years ago but never told him. This led to Andrina also finding out the truth and travelling to Saint Marie to get to know her long-lost dad, as well as the island itself. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Appearing on The One Show, Commissioner star Don Warrington and Sophie Chambers actress Chelsea Edge spoke to presenters Alex Jones and Ronan Keating about the comedy-drama. Of course, the topic of Selwyn's daughter Andrina came up as one of the big storylines in this series. Kicking off the conversation, Ronan asked: "Don, Selwyn discovered he had a secret daughter in the last season. "I mean, huge challenges for Selwyn." "Yeah, it's a shock, it's like anybody if you discover you have a child that's fully grown", Don replied. "It's bound to be a shock but I think he's coping with it very well. "I think that's going to be something that changes him." The Commissioner has never exactly been the most emotive of people, but could Andrina's presence make him start to open up more? DON'T MISS...Ex-EastEnders and Coronation Street stars join Father Brown this week [CAST]Death In Paradise’s Ralf Little on reason he downsized after 17 years [EXPLAINER]Death in Paradise season 12 episode 6 cast [CAST] The penultimate episode of season 12 is going to see the team investigate the death of a water taxi driver. Warrington has teased how this instalment is going to be a little different to other episodes. He commented: "I think the episode tonight is a very intriguing episode, because something very very unusual happens at the start of the programme which I think gets into the inspector. "I think Selwyn has to put a sort of metaphorical hand on his shoulder, because it starts to niggle at him." With the end in sight, fans are now turning their attention to the future of Death in Paradise. However, as of yet, the BBC hasn't renewed the show for a season 13. So could this be the end of the Saint Marie-set series or will there be plenty more to come from the Honoré Police force? Death in Paradise season 12 concludes on Friday, February 17, at 9pm on BBC One.