Rishi Sunak's attempt to help reset the Conservative Party's fortunes this week appear to have failed with Labour holding a 21 point lead for the fourth week in a row. The Techne UK tracker poll for Express.co.uk makes miserable reading for the Tories in a week where Mr Sunak held a reshuffle to boost his government and hosted a visit by President Zelensky. According to the Techne UK survey of 1,624 British voters today and yesterday, 47 percent back Labour (up one) while 26 percent support the Conservatives (down one). The Lib Dems and Reform UK would both be on 7 percent while the Greens would be on 5 percent. Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Techne UK, said: "Even with the uplifting visit of President Zelensky to the UK this week and all the associated positive news headlines, the plight of Rishi Sunak’s Conservative Government remains very bleak indeed. Our tracker poll released today shows Labour Party national vote share dropping by 1 point to 47 percent. "However, Conservative Party national vote share also drops by 1 point to 26 percent making sure the Labour lead remains at a dominant and steady 21 points. "Once again, it seems clear to me that voters need concrete responses to their daily problems - cost of living and wages at first place - and they are worried about what can happen in the near future. In these difficult times, political instability’s effects are much heavier than in good times - the same as the issues related to the war in Ukraine and the visit of Zelensky: positive for sure, but people keep thinking. what’s next for us?" The results will be a disappointment for Downing Street in a week where the Prime Minister attempted to rest his government with the creation of new departments and appointment of a new chairman Greg Hands to replace Nadhim Zahawi who resigned under a cloud over a tax scandal. He also made Red Wall favourite Lee Anderson his new deputy chairman in a move which received plaudits and potentially helped tackle a grassroots rebellion in his own party. Added to this there was genuine hope the adulation around President Zelensky would rub off on Mr Sunak when the Ukrainian leader arrived in London. But hopes were damaged by an intervention from Boris Johnson criticising Mr Sunak for failing to give Ukraine the fighter jets it needs. According to the prediction website Electoral Calculus, if the poll reflected an actual election result Labour would have a majority of 244. While some polls have the Tories coming in third place with seats, this one would keep them in second but with a mauch reduced number of 115. The result would be worse than the all time worst for the Tories in 1997 when John Major was only able to lead his party to winning 165 seats. READ MORE: Nadine Dorries fights back tears as she steps down as MP The poll shows that more than a third of Tory voters from 2019 (37 percent) have now deserted the party with 22 percent going to Labour and 8 percent Reform UK.# Meanwhile, Sir Keir's charm offensive on Brexiteers appears to be paying dividend with almost three in 10 (29 percent) of 2016 Leave voters now backing Labour. Among young voters - 18-to-34-years-old - Labour has more than half (53 percent) while the Tories only have a mere 17 percent. Labour still leads with older voters aged 65 and over by 40 percent to 35 percent. DON'T MISS David Davis fumes as UK fined £2.3bn by EU 3 years after Brexit [REVEAL] Boris's shadow blocks Sunak's limelight even as MPs unite for Zelenski [INSIGHT] POLL – Is Lee Anderson the right choice for Tory Party deputy chair? [REACT]