Heathrow has seen an "aggressive" morning today following service disruption from a global systems outage at Lufthansa. The airline has reportedly experienced an IT outage severely impacting services this morning, with flights cancelled around the world. The outage, according to the German media, has left planes unable to take off and process flight data. Karina Moessbauer, the chief political reporter at German paper BILD, said Lufthansa's IT system has suffered a "complete" worldwide failure. Writing on Twitter, she said: "According to BILD information, there was a complete failure of the IT system at Lufthansa. Worldwide. "No flight plans can be created, no data can be transmitted, no planes can take off." She added in a follow-up post that crisis teams would meet this morning as "major problems and failures" are expected. READ MORE: Ryanair makes cheeky comeback to complaint over 'missing' seat pocket Ms Moessbauer said: "Also hear: 'The crisis team meets at 10am. Massive failure. All passengers on domestic German flights are asked to use DB.' "'Baggage cannot be checked in. Parking positions in Frankfurt full. Major problems and failures expected. Worldwide'." While it appears the outage has caused the most profound impact in Germany, Britons are also experiencing trouble this morning. Shona Ghosh, the deputy editor at UK publication Insider, said she was stuck in a queue due to the service failures. Taking to Twitter, she said she was flying to scatter her dad's ashes, but that the outage had prompted an "aggressive start to the day at Heathrow". She added that she was left stuck in a "stationary check-in queue". Lufthansa has confirmed the difficulties experienced this morning in a statement. Airline representatives said: "Currently, the airlines of the Lufthansa Group are affected by an IT outage. "This is causing flight delays and cancellations. We regret the inconvenience this is causing our passengers." Lufthansa has issued advice to customers in a separate statement telling them to anticipate delays and disruption. The firm said: "Due to an IT failure many Lufthansa IT systems are currently not working. Because of this reason, passengers must expect disruptions in the flights program and during the check-in process. "Further information will be published as soon as possible." In case your flight is cancelled we recommend not to proceed to the airport and rebook your flight on our Chatbot. Pictures from airports served by Lufthansa have shown crowds gathered in lengthy queues as they wait for the chaos to blow over. Twitter users have complained queues haven't moved for two hours as staff attempt to process passengers. Without digital processing, aircraft are reportedly taking off without processed luggage, with passengers processed via pen and paper.