A woman who won gold in a national swimming competition has died, sparking a police investigation. Jamie Cail, 42, was found unresponsive in St John, in the Virgin Islands last week, with police now launching a criminal inquest into the mysterious circumstances. The gold medalist’s boyfriend left a bar at around midnight to check on her, where he then found her on the floor. He and a friend then carried Cail to a vehicle and drove her to the Myrah Keating-Smith Community Health Center, which is located about four miles east of Saint Thomas, the location of the territory's capital, Charlotte Amalie. “Once at the clinic, CPR was rendered and 911 was notified, however, the female succumbed to her ailment,” a police statement said. They added the Criminal Investigation Bureau is investigating Cail’s death after authorities were notified of a “dead on arrival” about 2.40am on February 21. Cail, originally from Claremont, New Hampshire, was a star swimmer who competed across the US in her youth, her family told WMUR. In 1997, she competed for the US at the Pan Pacific Championships and won a gold medal in a relay race, according to swimming news website Swim Swam. She also won a silver medal at the 1998-1999 World Aquatics Swimming World Cup in Brazil, Boston.com reported. She was also a member of the University of Maine's women's swim team in the 2000-2001 academic year, according to the school's alumni association. READ MORE: Idaho murder trial at risk as leaks threaten to compromise case After her swimming career, Cail reportedly worked at a coffee shop in St. John. “She was just a very beautiful person,” a friend told WMUR. “She had a huge heart. She was really loving and kind and well-loved and popular on the island and everybody knows her.” Jooyoung Lee, a sociologist at the University of Toronto, and formerly teammates with Cail in high school, said on Twitter: “Jamie had an unmatched work ethic. “She left everything in each practice and became a world class distance swimmer through grit. Rest in peace to a real one.”