Rishi Sunak has been handed the European Research Group's red lines on his new Brexit deal, as Downing Street scrambles to reach a deal with the EU. Up to 100 Tory MPs largely from the powerful backbench gorup of Brexiteers are set to rebel unless Mr Sunak restores Northern Ireland's sovereignty. David Jones, the group's deputy leader, told the Daily Express that the group is likely to oppose the deal if there is continued alignment between the EU and Northern Ireland.  He explained: "The problem is that we still haven't seen any details yet or any formal written text. What worries me is that they will try to get a vote without [a written text] on something like a Command Paper which only provides a narrative. "In the end though they will have to show that there will no longer be any dynamic alignment of law between Northern Ireland and the EU. That has to end or else there is a good chance it will be opposed." An ERG source told the Daily Express that the group is ready and willing to have a "fight" with Mr Sunak over the issue. A senior official told Express.co.uk that while the talks are "in the zone of possibilities" it is far from certain that an agreement can even be reached with Brussels after months of talks with Commission vice president Maros Sefcovic most recently involving Foreign Secretary James Cleverly.  The source said: "Progress has clearly been made because things are getting Mr Sunak involved but annoying though it is, the truth is: if this is done, it will be DONE when it’s done. "We aren’t setting artificial timetables, we aren’t bound by the latest scoop on scheduling from newspapers whose stories are based on people who claim to be closely involved but aren’t. And we won’t delay if we don’t have to. "I totally get how frustrating that is but a lot of journalists (not the Express) are having to now justify and explain how 1/ their big scoops got so much wrong and 2/ why it’s not their fault but entirely the Governments." The source added: "Truth is I don’t know when or if. But we are in the zone of possibilities." READ MORE: Boris slammed for hypocrisy as Sunak challenged to stand up to EU  The final agreement will be crucial for Mr Sunak's potential survival as Prime Minister with Boris Johnson making it clear over the weekend that he would support a rebellion which sees the Government cave to Brussels. While Downing Street and EU leaders are thought to be edging closer to an agreement, there are concerns that the deal will allow the European Court of Justice to maintain a role in policing the deal. Such a compromise would be unacceptable for Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party and the right wing of the Tory party, including the ERG. Sources have previously told the Daily Express that Foreign Secretary James Cleverly has largely been sidelined by a small team in Downing Street as Mr Sunak tries to "take ownership" of the crucial talks and final decision. DON'T MISS:Warning to Sunak - even Remainers won't back Northern Ireland sellout [REVEAL]Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers with more questions [INSIGHT]POLL: Is Boris right to intervene in Rishi Sunak's Brexit talks? [REACT] After the meeting with the Prime Minister on Friday, the DUP made it clear that they will not agree to anything that will cross their red lines or undermine Northern Ireland's place in the UK. Dudley North Conservative MP Marco Longhi also indicated there would be strong opposition from the Red Wall 2019 intake. He said: "As a strong Brexiteer, I’m glad that leading politicians like Boris Johnson and Penny Mordaunt have emphasised how important it is that we maintain a strong position with the EU. "We have seen ample examples of it being one-way traffic with the EU, their way or no way, so we should use and maintain every negotiating card that a sovereign nation should have." Briefing EU 27 ambassadors in Brussels on Friday, Mr Sefcovic also cautioned against a deal being made soon but said that if it was it would be "within the existing protocol". This led to former Labour Europe minister Baroness Hoey, a Brexiteeer close to the DUP, to warn that it would "destroy the Good Friday Agreement" which is the basis of peace in Northern Ireland.