Manchester United striker Wout Weghorst has opened up on playing as a No 10 in recent matches. The Netherlands international was used as a playmaker during the second half of the club’s recent 2-0 victory over Leeds, before also being deployed there by Erik ten Hag for Thursday night’s 2-2 draw with Barcelona. And the 30-year-old has done well enough, even though he’s failed to score. There was a surprise at Elland Road last week when Weghorst was seen playing as a No 10, rather than at the tip of Ten Hag’s attack. And many were shocked by Ten Hag’s decision to use the Burnley flop there during the draw with Barcelona on Thursday, too. Weghorst, however, has now told club media that he’s happy with his new role in the team. “Yeah, that was really in my younger days, to be honest!” said the Netherlands international. “I think I was like 17 or 18 at the time, playing still as an amateur in the Netherlands but no, he mentioned it to me [at Leeds] at half-time that it could be an option to do some tactical switches. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “It happened in the second half and it went good for myself. It was actually new and the first time I’d played there but I quite liked it. “The most important thing for me is to help the team. It helped us to win the match over there, doing also my defensive work. “I took it on and, especially for the first time, I think I can be happy with it.” Weghorst has scored just once for United since joining the club, having spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Besiktas. That was in a 3-0 victory over Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Weghorst has admitted he’s still on the hunt for a first home goal, saying: “Whether it’s the first one or not, at the end as a striker you want to score goals. “That’s the best feeling, the most amazing feeling. “That’s what you’re doing it for as a striker. “I’m waiting for the first one here at Old Trafford. Unfortunately it’s taken a little bit too long already for myself but I have to stay quiet and just work really hard and do my thing. “Then hopefully that will come soon. I think that will be a special moment.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Weghorst has also confirmed he’s happy at United and believes he’s made a ‘good’ start to life at the club. “It’s good and I’m happy,” he stated. “That’s the thing that I wanted before I came here, to be part of it, to be important and the start overall is good. “There’s room for improvement and things can go better but, as a beginning, the most important thing is that we’re keeping on track like we’re doing now by winning the games. “Of course you want to have as much of a contribution in it by scoring goals and feeling important. “There’s a little bit of room for improvement still, but we keep going.” Speaking after United’s draw with Barcelona, meanwhile, Ten Hag shed light on his use of Weghorst. "It's more tactical but also to get some other players in good positions in the whole front three; Bruno, Rashy and Jadon,” he explained. "But also to get a good press on and I think the plan worked well. "Other players can score: Bruno, Jadon, they can score as well. Wout of course can score as well and they will score. “But in the end, it doesn't matter who scores but in such a game, when you create five or seven 100 per cent chances you have to finish that more, it's quite clear."