There is nothing better than getting out of the shower or bath to a fluffy towel, which is often short lived when it comes to the lifespan of a towel. Over time, continuous washing and drying can cause them to go rough and scratchy, which can dry you quicker, but isn’t the most comfortable. Instead of using fabric softener, white vinegar could be the answer. Towels lose their softness from washing them often, but also from detergent and fabric softener residues which can be restored with white vinegar. White vinegar not only strips residue left behind from the fabric softener, but it also works great to soften the towels. To start with, I made sure not to overload my washing machine so each towel has enough room to be cleaned and rinsed properly. I then placed some liquid detergent along with some baking soda into the drum, mixing eight tablespoons of bicarbonate of soda along with the detergent. READ MORE: DIY expert shares home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ According to Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, this can help to loosen up the towel fibres and get rid of any dirt. Alongside this, I added 250ml of white vinegar and set the machine on a 60C wash on a normal setting, avoiding any quick speed wash. Towels can harbour bacteria and so it is important to clean them correctly to get the best results. Deyan said white vinegar can help to get rid of detergent build up, making the towels “as fluffy as the day you bought them”. DON'T MISS:Method to kill driveway and patio weeds in an ‘instant’ [COMMENT]‘Best’ method to clean yellow pillows and banish odours - 40p tip [EXPERT]Four steps to give your a home a ‘facelift’ costing under £10 [EXPLAINER] It can also help to remove any odours present on the towels such as mildew which can easily build up during the winter months. I recently purchased a whole new towel set as I had my old ones for many years, although I tried this trick on the old towels to see if they could be restored. White vinegar shouldn’t be used every single time towels are washed, which is every three days according to experts. Instead, make sure to use it every six weeks or so to help breathe life back into the rough towels. I was quite apprehensive about using white vinegar and no fabric softener as I wanted them to smell nice and not of white vinegar. However, whenever I’ve used fabric softener to wash towels, they always come with a slimy feel to them. READ MORE: Five common mistakes to avoid when washing towels After the wash cycle was done, I set the washing machine on for another rinse to drain any further excess water before hanging them up near my dehumidifier to dry. I could instantly feel the results as they didn’t have a residue on them and they felt fluffier, even whilst wet. After they were dry, they felt almost brand new, even though they were around eight years old and the fluffiness had been restored. White vinegar can be purchased from several stores, but I got a one litre bottle in Wilko for around £1.50 which I use for various jobs around the home. The description reads: “Our white vinegar is a 100 percent non-toxic cleaner that is powerful and effective. Its multi-tasking formulation cares for both your clothes and your washing machine at the same time. “This all-purpose cleaner removes grease and stains from laundry, whilst tackling limescale build up, mould and mildew in your washing machine at the same time for overall better cleaning performance.” What’s more, the towels had a gorgeous scent and not one hint of white vinegar remained which was really good. To prolong the life of towels, it is important to invest in great quality ones from the start, opting for cotton and avoiding decorative trimmings like frayed edges. It is also important to wash them on their own, away from any bedding and clothing to prevent bacteria from transferring. In the summer months, dry towels outside if possible to maintain the integrity of the fabric and allow the sun to perform its natural bleaching.