Sarah Michelle Gellar, 45, is known for her role in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and she is currently starring in Paramount's new series Wolf Pack. However, the Hollywood star startled her fans this Valentine's as she took to Instagram to post a naked snap of herself from an old magazine shoot. Sarah regularly posts online sharing updates to her 4.2 million followers, including recent red carpet snaps with Brendan Fraser. The Hollywood star has now caused a stir with a photo of herself naked, and was inundated with replies. Sarah put on an eye-popping display, posing behind a red heart in nothing but a pair of matching heels. Her regular blonde tresses were styled in tight curls and she opted for red lipstick to go along with the theme. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce She captioned the post: "ValentinesSlay."(sic) Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their shock over the resurfacing of the revealing snap. Husband Freddie Prinze Jr. commented: "God damn!" While actress Selma Blair said: "Wait. What." Boyinquestion added: "Iconic shoot. Invented love. Lives rent-free." Megatov commented: "Forever crushing." Colonel24Sanders remarked: "You rock! @realfreddieprinze is a lucky man! #relationshipgoals." This comes as Sarah took to the red carpet days ago and posed alongside The Whale star Brendan. She looked great as she stepped out in a lacy black frilly dress, partnered with silver hoop earrings and a tiny black clutch. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova goes braless in show-stopping silk gown [PICS] Julianne Moore speaks out on nepotism 'You always want to help family' [COMMENT] Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [DEATH] The Buffy the Vampire Slayer star completed her look with a pair of black platform heels. She shared her support for the actor last year as she praised his new film, and "love" for the actor. She wrote: "It’s no secret that I have loved Brendan Fraser for a long time. And, I have always known he is one of the greatest actors ever. "Brendan’s performance is a gift to all of us. Those who know me, know I am never at a loss for words, but this movie rendered me utterly speechless. Please see this movie." Following the success of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, which ran from 1997 to 2003, Sarah landed a number of roles. The Daphne actress is mainly known for 1999's Cruel Intentions in which she played a wealthy and manipulative schoolgirl alongside Reese Witherspoon. She also starred alongside her husband Freddie Prinze Jr. in Scooby-Doo and its sequel, with the pair first meeting on the set of the horror I Know What You Did Last Summer in 1997. Sarah lives with her husband Freddie and their two children in Los Angeles.