Almost two million pensioners receive less than £100 a week for their state pension so buying credits could make a big difference for their income. People can currently buy National Insurance (NI) credits as far back as 2006. From April 6, this opportunity closes and people will only be able to buy contributions as far back as six years ago. Helen Morrissey, head of retirement analysis at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Many people receive less than this due to gaps in their employment record. “If you do have gaps, then it’s worth checking with DWP as you may be able to claim benefits for these time periods that come with a voluntary National Insurance credit.” To get the full new state pension of £185.15 a week, a person usually needs 35 years of contributions. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs  Ms Morrissey urged people to consider buying credits to plug gaps in their record if this is affordable. She explained: “A full year costs around £800 and for each year bought you get 1/35th of a year’s state pension – around £275. “This means you effectively earn your money back in around three years so it can prove very good value.” She said individuals should check with the DWP before buying credits to make sure it is worth purchasing them.  A person can check their state pension entitlement using the state pension forecast tool on the Government website. The tool will also tell a person if they can voluntarily pay for NI contributions and how much Pension Credit they could receive. Ms Morrissey said, according to DWP figures for state pension payments released this month, state pension incomes continue to climb. The data suggests women retiring under the new state pension system are the major beneficiaries of the state pension changes. She said: “The average amount of new state pension claimed by women is £170.52 compared to just £152.12 for a woman claiming the basic state pension – it is an enormous gap that makes a huge difference to women’s retirement prospects. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost  “It has also allowed women to significantly close the gender gap, although this isn’t all good news, because the increase for women has been accompanied by a cut for men – who claim an average of £175.84 in new state pension per week compared to £178.60 under the basic system. “The playing field is levelling off though it’s important to add that not everyone gets a full state pension and there are still 1.8 million people receiving less than £100 per week.” The financial expert also urged pensioners on low incomes to see if they can get extra support from the Government. She pointed to the latest figures showing there were 44,000 fewer claimants of Pension Credit this month compared to the same period last year. Ms Morrissey said: “This could be down to more people retiring under the new state pension system but it’s clear there are still many people out there who could be receiving this valuable benefit who aren’t, and we await data showing whether the Government’s drive to increase take up has been successful or not.  “In addition to topping up the income of the poorest pensioners it acts as a valuable gateway to other important benefits – most notably the extra cost of living payments issued by Government and so its hugely important that everyone who could benefit does so.” Pension Credit tops up a person’s income to £182.60 a week for single claimants and up to £278.70 a week for couples. Extra payments are available in certain circumstances, for example if a claimant cares for someone. Claimants are to receive a £900 cost of living payment over the coming tax year, paid in three instalments. They will also receive a £300 pensioner cost of living payment in Winter 2023/2024, with precise dates yet to be announced.