Los Angeles police have arrested bishop David O'Connell's suspected killer, Carlos Medina, who allegedly claimed the clergyman owed him money, according to an eyewitness. The alleged murderer had previously carried out housework for the slain bishop, local police say. LA County Sheriff Robert Luna said during a press conference on Monday that handyman Carlos Medina, 65, claimed that O'Connell, 69, owed him money after he had previously carried out work on his house. Medina, who is husband to the bishop's house cleaner, was located by police after a tipster told them he had been "acting strange and irrational", and made comments about the bishop "owing him money". But the sheriff said it is not yet clear if Medina's alleged motive was related to the dispute over money.  Mr Luna said: "I am not certain of any dispute. "That’s something that came up from one of the witnesses, but as all of you know, our investigation continues, which means interviewing multiple witnesses to find out and get a better picture of what happened here." Following the killing, the handyman allegedly fled the Los Angeles area for central California, before returning early on Monday morning. Police officers swarmed his house and waited outside for hours before he eventually emerged and surrendered to police, Luna said. Officers later found two guns as well as other evidence inside the home. READ MORE: Pupils’ legal bid to sue over sex abuse teacher The police sheriff also revealed that surveillance footage captured a vehicle in O’Connell’s driveway on the day of the murder, which is similar to the SUV Medina had driven to O’Connell’s in the past. The slain bishop's body was found in Hacienda Heights at around 1pm on Saturday with a gunshot wound. Sheriff’s deputies were called to the area — just blocks from the St John Vianney Catholic Church, which is part of O’Connell’s archdiocese — on a report of a medical emergency. Paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene, the sheriff’s department said.  Bishop David O'Connell has been hailed as a "peacemaker" in the LA area as the community continue to grieve his death.  In a press conference on Monday, State Senator Bob Archuleta said: “Everywhere he went, whether it be East Los Angeles or here in the suburbs, the bishop touched everyone. “He had the ability to walk the streets everywhere he went, bringing everyone together.”  O’Connell had been a priest for 45 years and was a native of Ireland, according to Angelus News, the archdiocese’s news outlet. Pope Francis named him one of several auxiliary bishops of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles — the largest in the country — in 2015. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews