Chelsea attacking duo Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Christian Pulisic are targeting a way out of Stamford Bridge this summer, according to reputable reports. The two forwards have really struggled to force their way into Graham Potter's plans and following a host of new arrivals in January, they have been pushed even further down the pecking order. Aubameyang suffered the unfortunate blow of being unregistered from Chelsea's Champions League squad list - indicating that Potter isn't prepared to call upon the Gabon international anymore. The pair's relationship seemingly broke down in early January when he was subbed on, then subbed off in the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City. Meanwhile, Pulisic has struggled to regain fitness after suffering a knee injury in the same match and now his future in west London looks bleak. According to The Athletic, both players have now decided they will be pursuing a summer exit to start new chapters in their career. READ MORE: Four options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham Potter It appears neither player are likely to force their way back into the picture unless there is a change of manager. Aubameyang was the subject of interest from LAFC in the January transfer window but a move failed to materialise for the ex-Arsenal captain. There has also been interest from old side Barcelona and Atletico Madrid, meaning Aubameyang could yet stay in Europe. Meanwhile, Pulisic's stock has plummeted following a series of injury-hit campaigns. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  There has been interest from the likes of Manchester United and Newcastle but it's unclear whether Chelsea would be prepared to sell to a direct rival. The USMNT international, who performed well at the World Cup, is out of contract in the summer of 2024. It means Chelsea are expected to offload him at the end of the season barring a late swing of the pendulum. A host of other first-team Chelsea stars are also facing uncertain futures at the club. Mason Mount is yet to agree a new contract and there is believed to be some distance between his demands and what Chelsea are prepared to offer. Not only that but the playmaker has also since lost his place in Potter's starting XI - sparking fears he could look to pursue a new challenge. Mateo Kovacic and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, meanwhile, are still waiting to hear from Chelsea on their futures after entering the final 18 months of their contracts. It now seems likely that the future of Potter could have big implications for the futures of a number of his current players.