Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have hired a top Hollywood dealmaker to help them boost their earning potential in Tinseltown. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are believed to have been introduced to Adam Lilling, who was crowned Hollywood's go-to dealmaker, by their close friend Ellen DeGeneres, who has worked with Lilling for years, page six revealed. The three were seen rubbing shoulders at DeGeneres’ surprise vow renewal to Portia de Rossi in Montecito, California last week, and Harry was spotted introducing the money-spinner to a fellow guest. There has been a question mark surrounding Harry and Meghan's earning potential after stepping back from royal duties in 2021 and relocating to the US. One industry expert who works with Lilling told page 6 that he operates at the “intersection of celebrity and venture investing”, adding that “he has worked with Ellen forever, as well as Matthew McConaughey and a bunch of A listers”. “It’s very possible that Ellen introduced him to Harry and Meghan,” the expert said. The 53-year-old media mogul founded Pentagon CDs, an online internet and music enterprise which was bought out by Virgin in 1999. Five years later, he launched BiggerBoat, an entertainment search engine focused on media, music and film. The search engine was set up to give consumers and entertainment enthusiasts a specialised tool to find producers and artists on the web. The serial entrepeneur and his business partner Amanda Groves were named among The Hollywood Reporter’s “Top dealmakers of 2022” in December, along with 43 other power players “who brokered big-ticket pacts, cultivated content and built brands from scratch amid the streaming wars”. Lilling told the publication: “Our mission is to take people who can affect change in the world and marry them with the top operators and entrepreneurs.” He continued, “We’re not really focused on their entertainment endeavors. We’re focused on connecting their profits, their passion, and purpose with profit opportunities in the private equity landscape.” Prior to forging this new deal with the Sussexes, Lilling had tenuous ties with Harry and Meghan. The entrepeneur's company PlusCapital is a partner with BetterHelp, a non-profit organisation which Harry is the chief impact officer. And in a recent interview, Lilling tellingly said his favourite podcast of 2022 was Meghan Markle's Archetypes. The lucrative deal follows reports that Harry and Meghan have signed a four-book deal with publishing giant Penguin Random House for an advanced fee of $20million. Prince Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare, sold a record 1.4 million copies on its day of release. But success has not come without controversy for the Sussexes. The tell-all memoir is packed with bombshell revelations about growing up as a royal. Harry has sparked criticism for his insights, such as his physical altercation with Prince William and the critical portrayal of his stepmother Camilla, Queen of Consort.