  Olympian Tony Jeffries echoed: "Oh sorry to hear this my mate. Sending my love & wishing you fast recovery." While Ashes to Ashes star Dean Andrews wrote: "Bl**dy hell mate. Hope you’re ok. Much love x." And presenter Jazmin Sawyers added: "So sorry to hear Pete!! Feel better soon!" Angels singer Robbie first opened up about his father's battle with Parkinson's back in 2020. Robbie told the Mirror that Pete's illness was especially tough because he was "thousands of miles away" while the Take That star lived in Los Angeles. He also said that his wife Ayda's mother had also been diagnosed with a "very big illness". He said: "We’ve got a lot of family issues right now. My dad has got Parkinson’s, my mother-in-law who I love dearly has got a very big illness. "We can’t get to them. My dad is thousands of miles away." DON'T MISSPiers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance[NEWS]Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys[INSIGHT]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old[LATEST] The hitmaker also said that he was worried about his elderly mother Janet, now 82, during the Covid lockdown. He added: "My mum is just a year short of 80 and she’s in isolation and I can see the things whirling in her mind and her eyes going." Pete is a professional singer himself and toured with a cabaret show in his younger years. He appeared on talent show New Faces in 1973 and says Robbie "grew up backstage" and was fascinated with performing.  Pete previously told the Irish Mirror: "When he was on his summer holidays and wherever I was doing a summer season of a show, Robbie used to be backstage and watched the entertainers." He added that at the age of just 10 Robbie had made the decision to follow in his dad's footsteps. Throughout Robbie's career, Pete often came on tour with him and they sang together. Speaking to the Mirror in 2017, Pete reflected: “I’ve had a new lease of life with Rob doing so well...The travelling can be hard, the shows are the easiest, it’s such a pleasure. I just sing one song, we’ve done that for years.