Clarkson's Farm is back with a second outing and Jeremy Clarkson is seen trying to find ways to make extra cash. Fearful of the impact Brexit would have on his farm, he needed to generate a steady income stream. After unsuccessfully trying his hand at looking after sheep, he decided to buy some cows. In the second episode of the new series, Jeremy explained how half of the cows would be used for breeding, with the other half being used for meat which would be served in his proposed restaurant. With the help of land agent Charlie Ireland, he bought some cows and they were delivered to his farm. Jeremy took his partner Lisa Hogan and fellow farmer Kaleb Cooper to see how the cows had settled in. Kaleb says: "Look at them, they are so relaxed," as Jeremy dealt with a visit from the vet. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' However, things turned disastrous quickly as Lisa is heard shouting: "Jeremy! They are trying to get over the fence." The cows are seen breaking through the wooden fence as Kaleb shouts: "Oh, f****** hell." Jeremy shouts: "S***! They'll be on the road," as the cows start to move across the neighbouring field. "The road is up there, there's no fence," Jeremy says as Kaleb tries to run ahead of the moving cows. As Jeremy starts to panic, Kaleb instructs him to open a gate at the other end of the field as the cows started heading for a corner. Luckily, the cows ended up back in the safety of Diddly Squat Farm as Jeremy sighs: "We have only had them a day... one day." Jeremy shared his fears that the cows would be just as unruly as his sheep. He was right to think so as the cows continued to break out and make their way into a neighbouring farm a number of times. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson shares first snap with newborn granddaughterJeremy Clarkson 'worried' about his and his family's safetyJeremy Clarkson aims jibe at James May for 'listening to lefties' This was not the only difficulty Jeremy had with his cows as Kaleb recalled a moment the Top Gear star was attacked. Kaleb said: "There was definitely one cow in that herd that hated Jeremy, I tell you. "We called her the Attack Cow. She was just protecting her calf, and Jeremy got in the wrong place at the wrong time." The new series also sees Jeremy help the vet artificially impregnate the female cows for breeding. It took a long time for the cows to cooperate and it was a test of Jeremy's patience. Jeremy explained: "I don’t know anything about cow farming. Literally nothing at all. "I wanted to get Friesians, and apparently, they’re used to make milk. I didn’t know. I didn’t know anything. "I ended up with a fleet of shorthorn cows. Everyone nods and says, 'Oh, they’re good.' I don’t know why. "It’s been a year of total disasters on the cow front. Absolute disasters, because I didn’t know anything, I shouldn’t have had cows. It was a mad thing to have got."  Clarkson's Farm season 2 airs on Amazon Prime Video.