Donald Trump could benefit from Mike Pence’s recent classified document dilemma, a former aide to the Vice President has claimed. Pence is the latest to come under fire as FBI investigators prepare to search his home in Carmel, Indiana where a batch of classified documents were found at the end of last month. He responded by describing the discovery as a "mistake" as he claimed "full responsibility". However, a former Pence aide warned Trump could look to benefit from the FBI's ongoing probe. The ex-adviser, who reiterated Pence's situation was an "honest mistake", told Express.co.uk: "While it was once likely going to be a big weakness for Trump, the far right and MAGA will use Pence's and Biden's situations to their advantage. "However, that being said, by the time 2024 comes around, I don't think the story will have legs, and I don't think it will make much of a difference for Pence, to be honest." A number of leading American politicians have been stung in recent months after secret files were recovered from their residences. Trump was the first major politician to come under pressure over the issue after the FBI raided his Mar-a-Lago home last summer.  Joe Biden has also been cooperating with the Department of Justice after documents were uncovered at an office in Washington and his home in Delaware. Pence recently revealed he was "carefully considering" a run for the White House, just two years after he and Trump fell out over the certification of the 2020 US Presidential Election. Opinion polls suggest Pence's White House ambitions might be something of a long shot. A Morning Consult survey indicated the ex-Indiana Governor was languishing behind in a distant third place on just seven percent, Trump was leading the pack on 48 percent and DeSantis trailed in second place with 31 percent of the vote. Despite the insider's comments, Trump jumped to defend his former running-mate on his social media platform Truth Social.  In a post on January 23, the 76-year-old said: "Mike Pence is an innocent man." Trump added: "He never did anything knowingly dishonest in his life. Leave him alone!" However, the ex-aide also told Express.co.uk that the American electorate could not completely understand "the differences or nuances" between the situations involving Biden, Pence and Trump. A recent NBC News poll indicated US voters were equally as concerned about Biden and Trump's classified documents, with 67 percent expressing unease over the debacle. Biden previously labelled Trump "irresponsible" after more than 300 classified documents were found at his so-called 'Winter White House', including at least 60 branded "top secret". However, explaining the key differences, ex-US attorney McQuade told MSNBC: "Mishandling classified documents is a serious matter. "Refusing to return classified documents and obstructing justice are criminal matters." DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] Biden previously labelled Trump "irresponsible" after more than 300 classified documents were found at his so-called 'Winter White House', including at least 60 branded "top secret". However, explaining the key differences in the allegations levelled at Biden, Trump and Pence, ex-US attorney McQuade told MSNBC: "Mishandling classified documents is a serious matter. "Refusing to return classified documents and obstructing justice are criminal matters." Addressing broader concerns about national security, the ex-Pence aide concluded: "The more important thing here, however, from a national security perspective, is in general, we clearly need a better process for presidential transitions and the storage of records to include a full careful review to ensure that this doesn't continue to happen again."