Leeds have made an opening proposal to Feyenoord boss Arne Slot with the Dutchman now considered to be the 'preferred candidate' for the Elland Road managerial vacancy, according to reports. The 44-year-old tactician is understood to be held in high regard by the Whites hierarchy after firing the Rotterdam giants to the top of the Eredivisie table this season following the sharp demise of reigning champions Ajax.  Slot's Feyenoord side battled past NEC Nijmegen on penalties to reach the quarter-finals of the KNVB Cup on Wednesday night following a pulsating 4-4 draw AET but it appears there is a chance the match could be his last at the helm at De Kuip. That's because The Independent are reporting that Leeds have now tabled their opening proposal for his services as they attempt to entice him into a new challenge in the Premier League. It's believed Slot's aggressive, front-foot football is of huge attraction to Leeds, who are desperate to get their turbulent campaign back on track following just two wins in their past 18 Premier League matches. The Whites picked up an excellent point on Wednesday night at Old Trafford when they held Manchester United to a 2-2 draw ahead of Sunday's return fixture at Elland Road. JUST IN: Man Utd star Lisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Patrick Bamford's head in unseen incident Yet despite a spirited performance, the squad will feel slightly aggrieved they did not come away with all three points having led the match 2-0 in the second half. Nonetheless, there were signs of huge promise throughout the entirety of the display as Leeds more than matches United across the park in terms of both quality and physicality. New signing Weston McKennie excelled alongside USMNT team-mate Tyler Adams in the centre of midfield as the American duo went toe-to-toe with Marcel Sabitzer and Fred. Leeds will be hopeful that the chance to work with a supremely talented young side as part of a club with rich history will prove enough to sway Slot's decision. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourLeeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection It's likely to prove a tough call for Slot to turn his back on Feyenoord mid-season, particularly when they are in Eredivisie title contention alongside his former side AZ Alkmaar. Feyenoord are also flying in the Europa League having topped Group F - widely recognised as the Group of Death - ahead of Midtjylland, Lazio and Sturm Graz, who sensationally all finished on eight points. Something that could also attract Slot to replace Jesse Marsch is some of the players he would get the chance to work with in Yorkshire. He knows Whites winger Luis Sinisterra well from his time in Rotterdam before the Colombian sealed his 2022 summer transfer to Leeds and Slot also tried to sign Wilfried Gnonto from FC Zurich before the Italian teenager joined the Premier League club last summer. Leeds had been hoping to convince former U23s coach Carlos Corberan to return to the club before he surprisingly signed a contract extension with Championship side West Brom. Corberan is held in high esteem at Elland Road for the work he carried out behind the scenes at their Thorp Arch training ground when working with the club's youth side between 2017 and 2020. His impact in senior management was also virtually instant after guiding Huddersfield to the Championship play-off final last season. The Terriers now find themselves in the relegation zone following his resignation, while Corberan has totally transformed the fortunes of West Brom after firing them into the play-off places. Leeds have also explored the possibility of a swoop for Rayo Vallecano head coach Andoni Iraola but it seems Slot is now at the top of their shortlist, if reports are to be believed.