Earlier in season four of the TLC reality hit, Tammy Slaton agreed to enter rehab to help with weight loss after a health scare saw her placed in an induced coma. However, more heartbreak is on the way for Tammy as 1000lb Sisters fans learned her home was robbed.  When season four premiered, many watched in shock as Tammy revealed she had survived yet another brush with death. The 36-year-old was rushed to the hospital and placed in an induced coma after her lung collapsed. It has since been revealed she had blood clots in her lungs and then came down with a life-threatening case of pneumonia. As a result, Tammy agreed to enter the Ohio rehab facility where she has been getting her health back on track and focusing on her weight loss. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending However, she has faced a number of challenges including the recent death of her 20-year-old dog, Little Bit. Sadly, there was more heartbreak for Tammy after she found out her home was robbed while she was in rehab. During episode seven, her sisters Amanda Slaton and Misty Slaton went by Tammy’s home to pick up some things for her, when they noticed the house had been ransacked. As the duo listed off the items that were taken, fans took to social media with well wishes for Tammy.   A saddened @adelyn_adkins wrote on Twitter: “Who does that to somebody’s home and belongings, messed up world we live in!!! Love and Prayers Miss Tammy.” @blk_dymend added: "Aww that’s so foul !!! no one was watching her house ??! What’s been taken will be replaced Tam!!" A third fan @estrellas_jewels33 shared: “Omgggggg people are so petty. Why would you take her stuff Water heater, who does that.” @ivdddoxiemomofdashie stated: “I feel bad for her. She can't catch a break. Sending prayers and love to Tammy, Amy and their family!! DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]MILF Manor angers TLC viewers again with 'incest twist' [REACTION]1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death [REACTION]   Another fan @deebarcs remarked: “This is heartbreaking.” As @tunechikate commented: “I feel so bad for her. This is so wrong. It has to be devastating. Plus she’s not even close by.” (sic) While she took inventory of the missing items, Misty noted: “The fridge was over here, the table was there, the kitchen sink’s gone, the bathroom sink, the water heater’s missing. “Her dresser that was in here is gone, with the rest of the clothes that was in it.”    As the sisters drove to the station to file a police report they called Amy Slaton, who also issued her concerns. Speaking to cameras, an angered Amy stated: “While she is in rehab fighting for her life, somebody goes in and robs her life, everything’s gone. “Tammy literally has nothing to her name,” Amy added while on the phone with her sisters: “This is going to send Tammy back." To which Misty responded: “Between Little Bit passing away and Tammy gaining a few pounds and now we’re going to spring this on her.” 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 