KSI has claimed that Dillion Danis failed to show up after the MMA fighter sent the YouTuber an address for a street meeting. KSI - real name JJ Olatunji - was set to meet bitter rival Danis in a boxing clash earlier this year as the main event for one of his new Misfits Boxing cards. The British star, however, was forced to replace him with FaZe Temperrr after Danis pulled out of the contest at short notice. KSI claimed his third boxing win in emphatic fashion over Temperrr and has since turned his back on ever offering Danis an opportunity at going toe-to-toe in the ring. But when in the US, KSI says he was sent a direct message by Danis proposing an address where the pair meet in the street to settle their beef. KSI posted the series of messages on his Instagram story, with Danis beginning: "Forever my b**** until we settle this. Let's settle this." KSI responded: "F*** off." Danis then added: "Scared. Prove what you say, you would. Do we put in a pull out clause? Easy fix, be careful in my city today kid." The Bellator star then posted an address, before KSI finally responded: "Come try me c***. I'll see you there, bring your mum, too." This was just hours before KSI appeared on the MMA Hour, where the YouTube fighter provided an update on the situation stating that his rival failed to show up when he attended. He said: "He direct messaged me and said, 'Yo let's meet today,' like recently as in today. He sent an address and everything but didn't show up. "Bro like this guy always ducks and I went. He literally gave the address of this studio, so I was like come on where is he at? I'm down for anything, I'd probably slap him, bro. "Yeah it is like legitimate hate bro, he messed us around again and we had someone pull out for the second time. It is disrespectful." Danis later issued a bold response on Twitter - since deleted - to the situation insisting it was instead KSI who failed to show up despite his history of failing to make events. It is likely that Danis will not receive a shot at accepting a boxing event again. KSI will likely instead focus on his own career where he is expected to either face Tyron Woodley or professional boxer Joe Fournier in May when his next outing will likely take place. If the YouTuber does pick up a fourth professional win, he could target the settling of scores with his bitter rivalry Jake Paul.