A fire has broken out in Birmingham after footage showed plumes of smoke emerging from a street. The footage showed smoke rising from New Summer Street in the city centre as cars waited at traffic lights nearby. West Midlands Fire Service tweeted: "Large fire in progress in a warehouse on New Summer Street, Hockley, 6 fire engines in attendance. Large amounts of smoke can be seen across Newtown, Birmingham." One Twitter user said the smoke was visible from Snow Hill while another said they hoped there were "no injuries". The cause of the fire is currently unknown. One commuter reported seeing "three fire engines, loads of police and ambulances". Other pictures show the smoke visible from Digbeth and the Jewellery Quarter. Around 30 firefighters are battling the blaze with six fire engines sent to the warehouse. Summer Lane has been closed in both directions while emergency services deal with the incident. Commuters are being warned of delays and to find alternative routes. A shopkeeper told BirminghamLive how "all hell broke loose" when the fire erupted this morning. Steve, who runs nearby Sue’s Cafe, said he saw a "little bit of smoke" at around 7.30am earlier this morning and a small number of people gathered outside in the street. He said: "Then it [the fire] just went up. All hell broke loose. You could hear the sirens from inside the cafe." Firefighters are pumping water from a nearby city canal. The high-volume pumping unit is connected to crews using four hose reel water jets.  READ MORE: Is it safe to travel to Turkey - Latest travel advice  West Midlands Fire Service advised people to close keep windows and doors closed. The fire service said: "Those nearby, travelling or local residents or businesses are advised to avoid the smoke plume where possible and close doors and windows."  Nearby properties have been evacuated following the warehouse fire this morning. There are no reported casualties at this time.  DON'T MISS:Hotel guests divided as some say kettle is never clean [INSIGHT]Meghan is 'most notably' inspired by an 'elegant' royal [COMMENT]Harry allows fans to ask questions in 'intimate' livestream [PICTURES]  Firefighters are using four water jets at a mid-terraced factory unit used for storing household goods. A high-volume pumping unit is also at the scene, along with a hydraulic platform. A resident told how a "mushroom-shaped plume of smoke looked like a cloud from a nuclear bomb." The local, who lives nearby, said he saw a huge plume of smoke billowing across the city at around 8am this morning. He told BirminghamLive: "I saw a black, mushroom-shaped plume of smoke from my window - it was like a mushroom cloud from a nuclear bomb." 