 HBO’s satirical series Succession took viewers by storm as they became enthralled with the high-powered and high-strung Roy family. However, showrunner Jesse Armstrong confirmed the drama will be ending after the upcoming fourth season.    After Succession first premiered in 2018, it became an instant hit with HBO viewers as the storyline shifted from a serious family drama to a comical exploration of power and wealth. It starred Brian Cox’s character Logan Roy at the helm of the drama as the founder and CEO of the media conglomerate Waystar Royco. Despite the success, Succession will officially conclude following the release of season four in March. Armstrong revealed he wanted fans to know about the ending beforehand, as he stated: “There are a few different aspects. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence   “One, we could have said it as soon as I sort of decided, almost when we were writing it, which I think would be weird and perverse. We could have said it at the end of the season.” The showrunner explained: “I quite like that idea, creatively, because then the audience is just able to enjoy everything as it comes, without trying to figure things out, or perceiving things in a certain way once they know it’s the final season. “But, also, the countervailing thought is that we don’t hide the ball very much on the show.”   Jesse continued: “I feel a responsibility to the viewership, and I personally wouldn’t like the feeling of, 'Oh, that’s it, guys. That was the end.' “I wouldn’t like that in a show. I think I would like to know it is coming to an end,” he added to The New Yorker. Season three came to an end with the sale of Waystar Royco to accomplished tech founder Lukas Matsson (played by Alexander Skarsgård) getting closer. The anticipation of the sale sparked major family division among the Roys as Logan’s adult children felt they were entitled to inherit the billion-dollar company. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [INSIGHT]Brian Cox shares 'soft spot' for tough TV tycoon Logan Roy [INSIGHT]Brian Cox urges co-star to 'smoke marijuana' instead of method acting [INSIGHT]   It forced Connor Roy (Alan Ruck), Kendall Roy (Jeremy Strong), Roman Roy (Keiran Culkin) and Siobhan Roy (Sarah Snook) to anticipate and fear their new lives once the deal is done. The deal also caused the siblings to turn against each other as they competed for Logan’s approval. However, during the finale, Kendall, Roman and Siobhan worked together as they planned to push Logan out of the company on the grounds of ill health so they could run Waystar Royco together. After Siobhan discussed the plan with her husband, Tom Wambsgans (Matthew Macfadyen) he went ahead and informed Logan.   The huge twist happened as Logan acknowledged and gave Tom a clear greeting. This was the moment Shiv realised Tom had betrayed her and informed Logan of what the siblings were planning, which enabled their father to outmanoeuvre them. Hinting at an even more tumultuous season four, Siobhan star Sarah Snook shared: “At the end of an episode, having something that narratively projects into the next season sets it up quite nicely. “If Shiv knows, but her brothers don’t, and Tom doesn’t know that Shiv knows, there’s a lot of potential there,” she added to Vulture. 