A group of 100 representatives from Utility Warehouse have been flown to a paradise island by the energy firm on an eight-day, all-inclusive paid for jaunt while millions of Britons struggle to afford heating due to the cost-of-living crisis. The firm's partners were handed a holiday in the Maldives to reportedly bring in new clients. The news sparked outrage as an estimated 6.7million UK households are in fuel poverty - a figure that has more than doubled since 2020 and could double from April. According to The Sun, the group stayed at the OBLU Xperience, where representatives were seen handing out business cards on the island. One holidaymaker told the publication: "It doesn’t sit right during a cost-of-living crisis." The staff, who is staying on the island of Ailafushi, were reportedly taken to the island on a 15-minute speedboat ride across crystal-clear water from Malé. According to the OBLU Xperience website, all-inclusive packages for a seven-day stay cost up to £7,979 per person. The 4-star island resort boasts an all-dining restaurant, a pot food truck, football and volleyball courts and a poolside where the male representatives were spotted playing volleyball while their partners relaxed on sunbeds. The lavish hotel also offers Indian, Thai and Italian cuisine and guests can pay extra to jet-ski, scuba dive and snorkel. One holidaymaker reportedly spotted them "having a whale of time" while Britons at home struggle to make ends meet with the cost of living crisis. They said: "It doesn’t sit right during a cost-of-living crisis. All are wearing purple wristbands and look like they’ve been having a whale of a time. They just chill on the beach or by the pool most of the day. They have also hired out part of the restaurant." Warren Kirwan, of disability ­charity Scope, fumed: "This is a kick in the teeth for disabled Brits. They’ll be lying on a beach in the sun while disabled people are freezing and starving in their own homes. "Companies should be focusing on supporting those in greatest need instead of patting themselves on the back. Nobody should be profiteering on the back of this crisis. Utility Warehouse works on a word-of-mouth advertising model. Every time a household signs up for a broadband, mobile, or insurance deal, its independent agents receive a commission. If they can get four new clients every month for a year, the agents can be treated to exotic locations like the Maldives and Mexico. They can get a discounted lease on a Mini Cooper if they sign up 75 consumers. They can also rent a Porsche Boxster for a month if they join up for $200. READ MORE: Families facing biggest council tax rise ever The multiservice provider reported a record growth in 2022 of almost 24 percent, with customer numbers up by 86,000  as energy consumers seek cheaper deals. Simon Francis, from the End Fuel Poverty Coalition, urged energy firms to restrain themselves when it comes to bonuses and incentives due to the fact that vulnerable people are struggling to pay their bills. The company has prided itself on cheaper prices than those offered on the energy market, saying: "Our unique multiservice proposition enables us to provide households with energy savings of up to £125 a year below the new Energy Price Guarantee, sustainably and profitably, underpinning our long-term strong competitive position." DON'T MISS:Home improvement to save ‘£600 a year’ on bills and add property value [REPORT] Households wasting £564 a year on energy bills while sleeping [REPORT] Data shows Britain leagues ahead of the EU in the race to go green [REPORT] The energy price cap, set at £2,500 per year last October - the highest it has ever been - will rise to £3,000 this April. According to estimates by the End Fuel Poverty Coalition, close to 11 million households could fall into fuel poverty as a result. A Utility Warehouse (UW) spokesperson insisted the partners are self-employed and not company employees, telling Express.co.uk: "More than 50,000 people across the UK from all backgrounds are UW Partners. "Our Partners are self-employed and earn an income by referring our services to their friends and family. In doing so, we offer a meaningful way to help people earn their way out of the cost of living crisis. We also offer Partners ways to earn extra incentives such as holidays. We are proud of our hard working Partners and are transparent about the opportunities that come with it." READ NEXT:Secret payments to brokers 'add billions to energy bills'Woman feels 'ripped off' as £30 gas top-up disappears overnightFour ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5Map shows 13,000 homes previously plunged into darkness amid outageFusion milestone as UK firm builds 'crucial' part for limitless energy