Kate, then Duchess of Cambridge, attended the BAFTAs in London with her husband, Prince William, wearing a dark green dress. Although not usually out of place in elegant attire at an awards ceremony, the Duchess stood out on this occasion. While Kate wore a dark green gown, every other guest - male or female - in the room donned black. This was in support of the Time's Up and Me Too campaigns. At the time, Kate was criticised by some royal watchers for her sartorial choice. She had chosen not to go down the political route, striving to stay neutral. But, some argued that when it came to women’s rights and violence against women, be it sexual or otherwise, one cannot be impartial. Nikki Long wrote on Twitter: “Disappointed in Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge not wearing black to the BAFTAs. It's not a political thing. It's a woman thing!” Journalist Rachel McGrath said: “I know the royals aren't supposed to get involved with 'protests' or anything…but would it really have been that bad for Kate Middleton to wear black? I feel properly let down (didn't know I cared this much).” Another Twitter user added: “If her mother-in-law, the Duchess of Cornwall, can stand against sexual harassment openly and make a topic of it, then Kate can wear a black dress easily without raising any questions.” Celebrity stylist and fashion expert Miranda Holder spoke to Express.co.uk to investigate the reasons why Kate might have not worn black back in February 2018. She also went on to say if she thinks Kate made the right choice by wearing a colour other than black. DON'T MISS:Clever storage method to keep avocados 'perfectly green' for 10 days [GUIDE]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests [COMMENT] The stylist said: “Led by the ultimate fashion diplomat Her Majesty the Queen, the royals are, for the most part, Switzerland. “They must remain resolutely politically neutral at all times - a rule which most of them over the years have managed to adhere to. “The Me Too movement was major news at the time, and became cemented in pop culture, as well as going down as a momentous period in Hollywood history. “It would have been absolutely inappropriate for Kate to support this campaign, even if she herself had suffered similar treatment in years gone by.” READ MORE: Zara and Mike are 'down-to-earth parents' - 'allow Mia to be a child' Miranda went on to say that Kate showed her support for Time’s Up and Me Too in her own, more subtle way. She said: “The fashion compromise that Kate made - keeping her relevant without getting into hot water with the Firm - was to give a subtle nod to the movement in the form of a black sash. “This cleverly left things open to interpretation - was it a coincidence or a small show of solidarity? “The reality is we will never know, but the style choice managed to keep all the options open, as onlookers could interpret this in a way to suit themselves. “I think this decision was a very clever sidestep to avoid what was definitely a political minefield. “Kate usually favours bold, monochromatic outfits which, following on from the Queen’s footsteps, help her stand out in a crowd. “Black is usually reserved for mourning occasions such as Remembrance Day and funerals. For the Royal gentlemen however the etiquette is more relaxed, as many occasions call for black tie, which is why William wore a black suit to the 2018 BAFTAs.” Kate’s gown was by British designer Jenny Packham, which she wore combined with a pair of Prada heels.