Cristiano Ronaldo turned down the opportunity to vote in the FIFA best award for the second time in as many years. Lionel Messi scooped the prize after his talismanic displays for Argentina at the World Cup, beating the French duo of Kylian Mbappe and Karim Benzema to the silverware. The Best award was first awarded in 2017 with international team managers and captains given the opportunity to vote for who they believe was the best player the previous year. The 2023 awards’ ceremony took place in Paris on Monday night with Messi emerging victorious. Benzema and Mbappe were the other two to make the final three but the 35-year-old’s performances at the World Cup are likely to have had a major impact on the voting process. However, one person who was conspicuous in his absence from the ceremony was Ronaldo, with the 38-year-old taking no part in voting despite being Portugal’s captain. Pepe took on the responsibility in his place, making Mbappe his top pick before opting for his former Real Madrid colleagues Luka Modric and Benzema in second and third respectively. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter told to get rid of eight players in brutal verdict It was the second time in consecutive years that Ronaldo has turned down the opportunity to vote as his career starts to wind down. It was also the second time in as many years that the Al-Nassr star failed to make the final three having done so on every occasion since the award began. It is unclear who Ronaldo would have voted for if given the chance but he has been keen to stress the respect he has for Messi despite their career-long rivalry. The duo are widely considered to be the best players of all-time and spent years in direct competition for the biggest prizes in the sport. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub "He is an amazing player," Ronaldo told TalkTV during his now infamous tell-all interview with Piers Morgan in November. "As a person, we share the stage 16 years. Imagine 16 years. So, I have great relationship with him. I'm not a friend of him, in terms of what I mean as a friend who was with you in your house or speaking on the phone. "No, but it's like a teammate. He's a guy that I really respect the way he always speaks about me. Even his wife or my wife, my girlfriend, they always have respect and they're from Argentina. "My girlfriend is from Argentina. So good. What I am going to say about Messi? A great guy who does great things for football."