Gary Glitter was allegedly taken from prison to an unnamed bail location closely located to ten schools following his release from HMP The Verne today.  It formed a covert plan which saw the disgraced pop star ducking down in the back of a car escorted by policemen at 1.25am yesterday. Police then fitted the 78-year-old with a tracking device before going over release conditions that prevent him from living with under-18s and going near schools. The convicted paedophile was released early from prison after serving only half his 16-year sentence. His current location "sits a stone’s throw from a housing estate and playgrounds, with 10 schools close by," according to The Sun. He was jailed in 2015 for a series of child sex offences on three schoolgirls and has just three days to register his name with his local police station now he is out of Portland, Dorset prison. One of his victims said she had been "let down" by the justice system following his release and said she still feels he is a "danger to society". The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons told MailOnline: "It's hit me really hard, I can't believe this is happening to me. "I just can't do this anymore. "He should never have been let out of prison for what he did. He's just done eight years but I'm doing a life sentence. "I can never forget what this monster did to me and I'm still struggling to deal with it.  "I really believe that he is still a danger to society, who knows what he could go on to do?" Holding back the tears, she cried: "What he did to me has affected my whole family and it's ruined my life. I feel as if I've been let down by the justice system and that I've been attacked by Glitter again. "This is not right. I'm sorry, it's all just too much for me, I can't handle what's happened today, it's brought back too many painful memories." The victim, now in her 50s, is one of three schoolgirls attacked by Glitter, 78, whose real name is Paul Gadd when he was at the height of his fame in the 1970s. At the time of the attack, the victim was aged 12, and also gave a heartfelt testimony during the trial, describing how the musician lured her with champagne before raping her. She explained she was smitten by Glitter as a youth and had covered her bedroom with photos of the rockstar. Weeping while giving evidence, she told the jury: "He kissed me on the mouth. "Then he started to walk towards me, and we fell on the bed." She added: "He had his tongue in my mouth and I couldn't breathe so I put my hands on his head to push his head back. "He said never, never touch his hair, nobody's allowed to touch his hair - he said he had a phobia about people touching his hair." He then pulled her t-shirt up and chastised her when she covered her chest. The woman revealed that he then had sex with her "throughout the night" and that she only complied for fear of letting her mother down. She said: "I was just so confused because my mum's gone so I didn't know what she wanted me to do. "She really loved this guy so I am thinking I can't upset her, and I was trying to be really grown-up because I have been there drinking and smoking.' She added: "I didn't know if she knew this was happening - if this is what I was supposed to do. "I remember the champagne coming into my mouth (from Glitter's) and choking me." 