A classic episode of the hugely popular afternoon show Four in a Bed has left viewers reeling after two guests took a stance over their payment. The reality show sees B&B owners try out each other’s establishments and rate the worth of their stay. The episode, which originally aired as part of series 16 on Channel 4 back in November 2020, was recently rerun on All4 and had seemingly lost none of its shock value as fans took to social media to comment. For the final episode, the business owners meet to see how they have been rated by the other contestants. However, when it came to rating The Coachman Inn in Hartford, guests were not kind to the owner Justin Hyam. All of his fellow B&B owners left him very negative feedback with one contestant even giving him a paltry two out of 10 for cleanliness. Some of the harsher feedback included telling him there were spiderwebs in the rooms and visible dust. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments His irritation over the criticism turned to fury when he realised fellow business owners Raqeeb and Raj paid less than half of the B&B's £75 per night fee. The father and son, who run the Douglas Hotel in Hartlepool, felt their stay was worth just £20. Despite their own critiques, the other guest house owners gasped in disbelief as he confronted the pair who explained: "I think for us to give anymore than that from the feedback that we've given would be unjustified."  They added they had issues with the cleanliness and experienced problems with their bedroom's shower, something other guests agreed with. "I think that's actually disgraceful, I'm really angry," fumed Wyam. He continued his rant barking at them: "I think one thing's pretty clear is you'll never be welcomed back to the Coachman." The exchange even shocked their fellow contestant s with one couple saying: "My jaw nearly hit the table, I couldn't believe it, that was brutal." DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed contestant in tears over rivals' payments [WATCH]Four in a Bed guests clash over 'cheap’ mattresses [VIDEO]Four in a Bed contestant slams 'anaemic' sausages criticism [WATCH] Viewers couldn’t believe what they were witnessing either, with one writing on social media: "Surprise surprise. You expected them to play fair.” [sic] Another wrote: "I think it's clear they are not his friend stop calling him that. Most disrespectful way to talk to someone." Since the episode aired Justin has quit the B&B posting a lengthy farewell message on the business' Facebook page in March 2022. He wrote: “It’s the end of an era, and time to say farewell, but not goodbye, I’m tempted to burst into song We’ll meet again, don’t know where, don’t know when, some sunny day!” “I just wanted to say thank you to all the locals (Old, New and of course my ever presents) for your support over the last 4 years, not just for buying beer and food, but for ensuring The Coachman remains as a Community Pub, and not a station car park or block of flats! "Also massive thank you to my team, who worked their socks off (most of them) to keep the dream alive! “Now for work elsewhere, and a pay check, which I can’t wait for, that will be a new experience!” Four in a Bed is available to stream now on All4.