Chelsea owner Todd Boehly could sell midfielder Mason Mount this summer, according to reports. Talks have seemingly come to a standstill over a potential new contract for the Englishman. Reports have claimed that discussions will restart again at the end of the season, with all parties focused on the task in hand on the pitch. Twelve months ago, it looked unfathomable that a situation could arise where Mount may be allowed to leave the club. However, a horror run of form has seen him dropped in recent weeks, including for the Champions League tie against Borussia Dortmund. TalkSPORT pundit Simon Jordan has since claimed that, because of his status as an academy graduate, it may tempt Boehly to sell him on. He said: "What would I do with Mason Mount? I think he’s a very decent player and if you listen to some of the people I spend time with, like Danny Murphy, very educated midfielders like Graeme Souness, they think he’s a very good player. “None of them are worth £200,000 a week. None of them are worth £300,000 a week. There’s an argument to be made that none of them are worth £50,000 a week. “Mason Mount I think is one of those that is not going to make the cut in Chelsea’s new way of building and buying. Because he’s on Chelsea’s balance sheet as a zero cost because he’s an academy player, then I very much think he could be one of those that are sold.” Mount is reportedly looking for a salary in line with the top earners at the club, alongside some of the new additions that have joined Chelsea for big money since Boehly and co took charge last year. But the Chelsea owner selling the player could disrupt the dressing room even further. The club's squad were reportedly dismayed in January when Jorginho was sold to Arsenal, even though the midfielder's contract at Stamford Bridge was to expire in the summer. Mount, like Jorginho, is another popular player at Chelsea and his loss could be felt by the rest of the team. Especially if he heads to a rival like his former team-mate did in joining the Gunners. Liverpool have been linked with a move for the 24-year-old in a bid to solve their midfield issues. Mount would undoubtedly improve Chelsea's rivals. Former Chelsea and Liverpool defender Glen Johnson has claimed that while Mount’s Blues career is not yet over, the Reds would “bite your arm off” to bring him to Anfield and that the feeling is mutual. “Mason Mount could definitely revive his career at Liverpool,” Johnson told OLBG. “He still has a chance at Chelsea too, the bigger players need to raise their games. So the door is not shut on his Chelsea career yet, but Liverpool would bite your arm off to get him and Mount would probably do the same to play for Liverpool.”