Green schemes like Clean Air Zones and Low Traffic Neighbourhoods have slowly been rolled out in recent years in a bid to reduce emissions in towns and cities. A handful of major cities have introduced Clean Air Zones which charge drivers of the most polluting vehicles to travel inside the zone. Low Traffic Neighbourhoods have also been a popular choice for local authorities by diverting traffic away from certain streets by restricting vehicle access. These schemes have proved controversial, with some claiming they are infringing on the rights of drivers. As a result, a new petition is calling on local authorities to take action with green schemes if they do not have enough support from the public. It suggests that guidance should be changed to require the removal of LTNs and cycling lanes if they are seen to be unpopular with locals. READ MORE: Classic car owners issued warning over seatbelt laws or risk fines According to the proposals, local authorities would have to prove public support of more than 50 percent for the schemes to remain active. This would have to be done using “broad, unbiased, independent, local opinion research”. David Tarsh, the creator of the petition, claimed that the schemes were built “with no proper consultation as a pandemic measure”. He claimed: “These traffic schemes are the worst kind of greenwash, reminiscent of George Orwell’s 1984. DON'T MISSElderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [WARNING]Urgent warning as 'crash for cash' fraud rates spike [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers taking mandatory fitness tests may reduce car crashes [INSIGHT] “There’s a ‘safer cycle pathway’ that is more dangerous, low traffic neighbourhoods that increase congestion, and extension of a clean air zone that will make a negligible improvement in air quality. “The hidden agenda is an extortion racket based on demonising motorists and exploiting them for cash, under the cover of claiming to save the planet." A spokesperson for the Department for Transport told Express.co.uk that local councils are responsible for individual schemes and must ensure they work for their community. After launching earlier this month, the petition has almost 2,000 signatures, with the Government required to respond at 10,000 signatures. READ MORE: E10 warning as greener petrol can 'prevent fuel reaching engine' Mr Tarsh added: “The consequences are social division, economic damage, removal of liberty and discrimination against the least fortunate. “They are counterproductive and the way they have been introduced is deeply corrupt.” At the start of February, the Government announced a £200million investment to improve walking and cycling routes to help boost local economies. Active Travel England invited local authorities in England to apply for funding to make improvements to enable people to choose active travel. Schemes could include creating more paths in rural areas, developing safer routes for children to walk to school and improving safety at junctions for people walking and cycling. Results from the largest-ever study of LTNs in London were released in January, which found that the scheme found "overwhelming success" in its ability to reduce motor traffic. There was a large decrease in motor traffic on roads within LTNs, with an average reduction of 815 motor vehicles. This decrease was shown to be almost 10 times higher than average increases in motor traffic on boundary roads. Across London, the mean percentage reduction of traffic on streets within LTNs was 46.9 percent, according to climate charity Possible.