Anne Ferguson, co-director of Glasgow-based Taylor Ferguson salon and expert on UK Healthy Living and Ageing Platform Goldster, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how middle aged women “can take years off” themselves by opting for the right hairstyle and cut for them. Anne also explained how you can find out which hair colour is best for you. Anne stressed that “the wrong colour can add years to your image”. She warned that “any one of 50 shades of grey - no matter how silvery strong the hair looks - can be rather ageing”. “Grey hair is simply colourless as the pigment vanishes over the years, and the result isn’t always great as the grey can be very draining and leave hair looking lack-lustre,” the expert said. “You need to take into account your skin tone, which again changes as you get older. Work with a colour palette that’s more flattering with your skin tone. The results can be dramatically better. READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon “Colour doesn’t need to be one dimensional either - adding complementing tones with highlights and low-lights can lift the hair’s appearance and let those years vanish.” The type of hair cut one opts for is also important, Anne said. Interestingly, a fringe is “guaranteed to make you look younger”. “They come in all shapes and sizes and can be styled to complement your face shape and hair style,” she explained. “Wide, narrow, sideways, textured, deep - your professional stylist should be able to deliver the right fringe to suit. We love them.” DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] Another factor to consider when desiring to look younger is hair length - Anne advised “smashing the myth” that older women can’t have long hair. “I believe longer hair that’s well styled and maintained in tip top condition can look sensational,” she said. “As we age, hair can thin and become finer looking so a regular trim and in-salon conditioning treatment on long locks can keep the ageing look at bay." Shaping your hair up can work too. “Ask your stylist to consider adapting your existing style to generate a years-busting fresh look,” Anne said. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures “Adding some texture or a graded cut can help adapt a style you’re confident with and deliver an invigorating new appearance.” She continued: “Change is good, and for many ladies as they mature in years, there’s a tendency to stay in their hair comfort zone and not opt for something different. “My advice is to step elegantly out of the rut and embrace the change. Varying that style can knock off 10 to 20 years in your appearance.” Looking after your hair as you age is also key - hair texture and thickness start to change, leading to more brittle and thinner hair. To prevent unhealthy and damaged-looking hair, Anne recommended conditioning products, such as leave-in conditioners. She said: “Your hair’s condition will change as your body’s hormones change with time. “We can’t help that, but we can enhance and improve your hair’s condition with the help of specially formulated conditioning products. “These can be bespoke created to meet your own hair’s needs and the resultant effects can be both spectacular and long-lasting.”