Barcelona pair Robert Lewandowski and Ansu Fati were involved in a huge dressing room bust-up after their side’s defeat to Manchester United on Thursday, according to reports. The Catalan giants exited the Europa League following a difficult night at Old Trafford. And tempers, it seemed, boiled over after full-time. Barcelona went ahead against United through Lewandowski, with the Poland international netting a penalty following a foul from Bruno Fernandes inside the box. But the Red Devils rallied to go through, with the Brazilian pairing of Fred and Antony both on target. Now, according to AS, Lewandowski and Fati were involved in a dressing room bust-up in the immediate aftermath of the disappointing result. Late on, the Poland international fumed when Fati got in the way of a cross that was intended for him. And he supposedly aired his grievances to his team-mate behind the scenes, though was ‘good mannered’ during the confrontation. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Lewandowski told Fati it wasn’t the first time the Spain international had prevented him from getting the ball. Yet the youngster, who has been plagued by injuries in recent years, then defended himself by saying he hadn’t seen his team-mate. It was a difficult night for Barcelona, with the La Liga side now set to focus on their domestic duties. They’re currently top of the league table, eight points ahead of fierce rivals and defending champions Real Madrid. And Barcelona also remain in contention to win the Copa del Rey, too, with Los Blancos up next in that tournament on Thursday. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Speaking after the defeat to United, Lewandowski appeared to question Xavi’s tactics - saying they should have tried to score more goals, rather than sit back after going in front. "In the first half, we had almost everything under control,” said the former Bayern Munich hitman. "But the second half, for 10, maybe 15 minutes when Manchester [United] pushed us and scored two goals, it wasn't the best time for us. "Of course we fought until the end to change the result but it was not enough. “Maybe if we had tried to score another goal, took more risks and tried to create another situation, it'd also have been more tough for the opponent to have gone forward." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Xavi himself said: "United were very intense in that second half. "They are in very good form at the moment and are very good at home. It is those fine details that made all the difference." United boss Erik ten Hag, meanwhile, opened up on what he told players at half-time as they battled their way from a goal down to go through. "I emphasised the belief," said the 53-year-old, who has worked wonders since his appointment back in the summer. "It was too flat first half. We had our spare man, Casemiro we didn’t use enough. “Aaron Wan-Bissaka had a lot of space on the right side, we didn’t use enough. “I think in the pressing we could be more brave. So that is what we emphasised. "The second was to make the sub with Antony who brought more speed in the play and who brings belief on the pitch." Barcelona are next in action against Algeria on Sunday (5.30pm). United also take to the field again that day, with Newcastle lying in wait in the Carabao Cup final (4.30pm). FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.