Dan Walker, 45, revealed he was not able to sleep on Monday night after being hit by a car while riding his bike earlier in the day. The broadcaster received an outpouring of support from fans after he unveiled his shocking injuries, which he said could have been much worse had he not worn a helmet. He took to Instagram overnight to share an update with his 278,000 followers after many were left concerned. Writing on a blank background on his Story, Dan began: “Can’t sleep… too many drugs I think,” alongside a laughing emoji. The presenter added: “Just reading through the 1000s of messages today. “Thank you so much. It’s so kind of you all. If my eyes weren’t so swollen I might have a little cry.” READ MORE: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies Dan also shared a lengthy message on Twitter for his more than 792,000 followers on the microblogging site. He thanked those sending their well-wishes before explaining that he had been lucky enough not to break any bones despite sharing gory pictures of his face covered in blood. He also said that his helmet "saved his life" and urged other cyclists to wear one. In a follow-up tweet, the TV star addressed his “contentious” remark about wearing a helmet as some seemed to dissent with his statement that the protective gear “saved his life”. Dan typed: “I understand this is a contentious issue and I don’t want an argument about it. “I’m just happy mine worked today and the police officer at the scene called me this afternoon and said I would not be here now if I wasn’t wearing one. “Back to my cuppa through a straw,” Dan quipped. Earlier, Dan said he was "blown away" by all the support he had received. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INTERVIEW]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [LATEST] He said: “Battered and bruised but - amazingly - nothing broken. “Very thankful to still be here. I have no memory of anything and just remember coming round on the tarmac with paramedics & police around me.” (sic) Dan continued: “Thanks for all your kindness. Jamie & Shaun were so great in the ambulance - not sure I was making much sense. “Thanks to Conor the copper, Charlotte in x-ray & Hannah (below) for being so considerate & brilliant in such a busy A & E.” He went on: “Smashed my watch & phone, ruined my trousers, my bike is a mess but I’m still here. “Currently eating soup through a straw and being looked after by this gorgeous, tired nurse.” Updating his fans from hospital yesterday, Dan still seemed to be in good spirits as he attempted to smile despite looking bruised and bloodied. Dan's post was flooded with comments from his concerned friends. Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse added: "Oh wow !!! Get well soon." TV presenter Mark Clemmit said: "Mate…..Much love from us."