Love Island has returned to ITV2 with the contestants attempting to find love in South Africa. Former star Andrea-Jane (AJ) Bunker has opened up about her time on the popular programme where she admitted her family failed to recognise her. The show has a history of changing people's lives from millions of social media followers to bagging major brand deals. Andrea has revealed in a new interview that she underwent a surprising change just minutes before she entered the villa. “My actual name is Andrea Jane, so people either call me Andrea, Jane or Janey. No one ever calls me AJ,” she said. “I filled out all of my forms using my full name, so my suitcase and water bottles both read Andrea Jane. READ MORE: The Chase star Mark Labbett addresses money woes “When I was in the holding villa, the producers used my initials AJ as a codename in order to keep my identity secret.” After jetting out to Mallorca in 2021, Andrea admitted her family were left confused after she appeared to have changed her name. She continued to OK magazine: “Minutes before I walked into the villa, an exec asked if it was ok if I was called AJ. I thought he was speaking about the codename and wanted to keep my real name underwraps. "I didn’t realise they were actually going to change my name."  The former Love Island star explained her family and friends were not aware she was taking part in the programme. Andrea recalled them seeing a photo of her ahead of her show debut but assumed it was a "different person" due to her change of name. The TV star admitted her best friend who had been running her social media accounts was also left "confused". As Islanders are cut off from the outside world and social media, AJ said it was not until she left the villa she realised what happened leaving her in tears. DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle's 'bombshell' book not needed right now[LATEST]Gordon Ramsay makes major bid for Strictly role[TV]Michelle Heaton flaunts toned legs at event after Dancing On Ice exit[PICTURES] “I remember coming out of the villa and turning my phone on and seeing everyone calling me AJ. I cried my eyes out as soon as I saw it,” she said. She began to receive lots of messages from family and friends about why she had changed her name for the show. AJ added they didn't "dispute" it as they assumed it was an intentional rebrand. Fortunately, the ex-contestant said she actually doesn't mind her new moniker and is now used to being called AJ. Express.co.uk has contacted Love Island representatives for comment. AJ was an Islander on season 7 of the revived series of Love Island. She entered the villa on Day 17 and was dumped from the island on Day 23. The reality star is currently preparing for her debut as she takes on Astrid Wett in the "first influencer" boxing match. Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm. 