Camilla is set to be granted a new royal title and trade "Queen Consort" for "Queen" - possibly after the King's Coronation. Since Queen Elizabeth II's death, King Charles' wife has been known as Queen Consort to the general public. But that is likely to change after King Charles' coronation in May, royal insiders claim. Camilla has been showing signs of the upcoming change at several royal events and engagements, raising speculation about her title. The first hint was dropped last week when she changed the name of her charity, previously known as the Duchess of Cornwall’s Reading Room, to the "Queen’s Reading Room" - without "Consort" in it. The Court Circular, the official list of Royal engagements, is anticipated to soon reflect the adjustment as well. A royal source told MailOnline the Palace has the opinion that Camilla should eventually just be recognised as the Queen as Queen Consort is very formal and complicated. They said the Reading Room "was a sign of that." The well-placed source added: "Prince Philip was Prince Consort officially, but he wasn’t known as Prince Consort. The Queen would of course still be Queen Consort so the Palace of course wouldn’t stop anyone calling Her Majesty that if they so chose." The move is expected to mark Camilla's remarkable transformation in the eyes of the nation. Camilla Parker Bowles married another man before Charles. As a result, she was not expected to one day become Queen herself. READ MORE: King Charles's reign 'won't be long' - psychic claims That was due to her long-term relationship with Charles while he was married to Diana, who famously stated in a Panorama interview: "There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded." She did not adopt the title of Princess of Wales when she got married to Prince Charles in April 2005 because it was so deeply linked to the late Princess Diana in the public's mind. While the overall perception around her was negative at the time, Camilla has since won over the hearts of Britons. Queen Elizabeth II also gave her crucial support by urging her daughter-in-law to be called "Queen Consort" in February of last year. In an official statement released by Buckingham Palace on the 70th anniversary of her accession to the throne, Her late Majesty said: "It is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." DON'T MISS:Charles and Camilla compared to 'garden gnomes' in savage royal take [REPORT] Camilla chooses Diana's favourite designer for Coronation gown [REPORT] King Charles drives an Aston Martin which 'runs on wine and cheese' [REPORT] Years of speculation about whether Camilla would ever be referred to as the Queen were put to rest by the official decree issued by Queen Elizabeth II. It also went against earlier instructions that Camilla would only ever be known as “Princess Consort”. After almost twenty years of marriage, Camilla is inching closer to being called "The Queen". The exact timing of the change of title remains unclear, though some believe it could happen right after the King’s Coronation on May 6. She will also be crowned at Westminster Abbey in a ceremony conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Until then, she will still be known as "Queen Consort". READ NEXT:Royal Family went against age-old mantra to show support for UkraineQueen's 'dismay' at cuts to Dahl books as she makes plea to authorsBrave Camilla's war on woke shows she has no fear of abuse - COMMENTQueen Camilla meets fashion icon Jimmy ChooQueen Camilla radiates in £33k brooch in first appearance since Covid