Sven Goran Eriksson has raised concerns over his health after announcing he was stepping down as sporting director of Karlstad Fotboll. The former England boss brought an end to his illustrious managerial career back in 2019 after leaving his post as manager of the Philippines national team.  He went on to take on a number of advisory roles before taking up a similar position with Karlstad Fotboll in 2021. Eriksson was then announced as the Swedish club's sporting director in February 2022 with the side looking to climb up the football league ladder. But the 75-year-old has now announced that he will be taking a step back from his duties due to health concerns. "I have chosen to limit my public assignments for the time being, due to health problems which are under investigation," he wrote on the club's website. "Now I will focus on health, family and limited assignments for Karlstad Fotboll among others. I thank you for all the support from friends and football contacts, and ask you to respect my decision and my privacy."  Eriksson's lawyer, Anders Runebjer, refused to divulge what health problems were forcing the former Manchester City boss to take a step back from his role. But he told Aftonbladet that Eriksson's "health deteriorated about two weeks ago". "He has an illness and that means he has limited power to be the 'Svennis' we are all used to seeing," Runebjer said. "That's how it is, but at the same time he wants to do as much as he can with football. If he doesn't get it, he's bored. "He plans to try to come and watch Karlstad Football in place, that is his wish and plan. Then we'll see how it turns out, says Runebjer. The club also sent well wishes to Eriksson in a statement on their website, adding that Eriksson will still have some duties away from the pitch. "From the club's side, we wish "Svennis" a speedy recovery and ask everyone to respect his privacy according to the statement above," the club's statement read. "Tobias Johansson will now take on the role of interim Sports Manager and will be supported by others in the sports group and around the team regarding the practical issues before the start of the series. Svennis and our head coach Albert Bunjaki will continue to work on the overall issues surrounding our national team."  