Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William have realised that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are seemingly set on "destroying" the Firm and are not open to negotiating with them, according to a GB News host. Dan Wootton told Sky News there was "zero chance" the Sussexes would receive an apology from the Prince of Wales as the rift between the brothers rumbles on. It's been reported that Prince Harry has asked for an apology from Prince William and his father King Charles following damaging allegations he made about his life as a member of the Firm. Mr Wootton said: "William and Kate have long realised … there’s no negotiating with Harry and Meghan – they are on a mission of destruction." He added that while historically King Charles has been "weak" in dealings with his younger son, he has started to stand up to him. He told Sky News Australia host Peta Credlin: "Finally over the weekend, a sign that perhaps that the King is actually getting the b*** to say 'no, we're not going to apologise to you'. "'If you want to come to the Coronation fine, but if you are going to use it as some sort of tool for emotional blackmail, to negotiate a better deal for yourselves, then go to hell." He added he believed it would be a mistake for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to attend the Coronation as it would risk turning "the most important day of King Charles's life" into a "sideshow". Invitations for the Coronation will be sent out soon, and while Harry and Meghan will receive one it is not known whether they will attend. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson invited on Kelly Clarkson show for chat about royals Preparations have been made by Buckingham Palace for Harry's appearance at the Coronation, with some suggesting the Duke could make a solo trip to the UK for the occasion. The ceremony also falls on the same day as Harry and Meghan's son Archie's fourth birthday, making it more likely that the Duchess will stay at home in California. Some sources claimed that Meghan could even take a holiday to the Caribbean with her mother Doria Ragland and her children Archie and Lilibet while Harry flies to the UK. DON'T MISS:Kate and William reignite sporting rivalry as they race each other [LATEST]Princess Eugenie plays with two-year-old girl during hospital visit [REVEAL]Lilibet and Archie 'not included' in Coronation discussions – claim [REPORT] An insider told New Idea: "If Harry goes off to London, Meghan won’t be sitting around idle, baking cupcakes with her mum and having a small celebration. "Instead, why not take Doria and the children on a mini-break to somewhere like the Caribbean?" According to the source, one of Meghan's favourite holiday spots is the island of St Barts, known to be popular with many celebrities. They added: "She loves its stunning blue waters, white sands and French flavour. She can’t think of anything better than celebrating Archie in such a beautiful place."