Boris Johnson has been accused of "trying to stay relevant" with his latest intervention on the Brexit deal. Appearing on GB News this morning, Former Australian Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, explained Mr Johnson's warning to the Prime Minister was a bid to in trying to keep Brexit's "end up" in the Northern Ireland protocol negotiations. The former premier warned that dropping the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill – which would empower the UK to unilaterally scrap parts of the treaty – would be a "great mistake". Mr Downer said on GB News: "It's wonderful publicity for him (Boris) and I'm sure it's all designed around keeping him relevant and in the game. "It also reminds the Prime Minister I suppose that within the Conservative party there will be huge resistance to allowing the European Court of Justice to exercise control in any way over Northern Ireland. "The concept of foreign courts having jurisdiction within one's own country is one that will never be popular particularly within the Conservative Party."  On Sunday morning, Commons Leader Penny Mordaunt said Mr Johnson’s intervention over Brexit was not "completely unhelpful". Ms Mordaunt told Sky News: "Well, Boris is being Boris. "But I wouldn’t say this is a completely unhelpful intervention. "And I think as I say, the Prime Minister, I think, will acknowledge that having the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill there, having the work that the former prime minister did has helped us get where we are.   "But it’s always been our preference to try and have a negotiated settlement and and that is what everyone is working to." She also said: "The intervention by a source close to the previous prime minister is helpful to remind the EU of that Bill, and what this deal actually has to deliver." Mr Johnson’s first intervention on Brexit since departing No10 comes as his successor-but-one has engaged in frantic diplomacy to secure a UK-EU agreement on fixing issues with the controversial post-Brexit trading arrangements. After further talks with EU leaders on Saturday, Mr Sunak stressed that a deal is "by no means done", amid speculation one could be unveiled early next week. The Government has indicated that a successful outcome would mean the Protocol Bill would no longer be required. A senior Government source said: "If we can find a way to satisfactorily resolve the issues with the Protocol then you wouldn’t need the Bill. But we haven’t resolved them yet." Mr Johnson negotiated the protocol, which created economic barriers on trade being shipped from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, as part of his Brexit deal, but later turned against it. Soured relations between London and Brussels deteriorated further when his Government presented the controversial Protocol Bill at Westminster. The legislation is seen by Brexiteers as an important bargaining chip with the EU. When Mr Sunak entered office, he paused progress of the Bill as officials resumed talks with the aim of reaching a negotiated settlement. A source close to Mr Johnson said: "His general thinking is that it would be a great mistake to drop the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill."