WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.DI Neville Parker's (played by Ralf Little) name was cleared at the end of last week's Death in Paradise after he was arrested on suspicion of murdering a previous suspect. After a lot of determination and investigating from the rest of his team, it was discovered that his girlfriend Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge) had framed him, as she wanted revenge for her sister going to prison years prior to him going to Saint Marie. While he is still heartbroken, Neville must get back to work as there is another case to solve. The finale of season 12 will see the team look into the death of a renowned calypso singer's husband. So far, it isn't known what role each other of the characters will play but actor Joe Dixon will be behind Elijah St John. He is probably best known for his part as Jacques in The Mummy Returns. Dixon has also been in The Cold Light of Day, Rise of the Footsoldier, Us and Atlantis. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Dixon is joined by actor Tyrone Huggins as Clifford Brown in Death in Paradise. Born in St Kitts, Huggins has been in People Show 1:38, The Amazing Mrs Pritchard and Run Fatboy Run. In more recent years, he has featured in Black Earth Rising, Small Axe and a minor role on Doctors. Last year, Huggins was behind Joseph in the podcast series Radioman for three episodes. Netflix subscribers will recognise actor Tommie Earl Jenkins from The Addams Family series Wednesday, as Mayor Noble Walker. This isn't the only popular series Jenkins has appeared in during his career which started in the mid 1990s. He has been in Goodnight Sweetheart, American Odyssey, Shooter, General Hospital, Law and Order: True Crime, The Politician and Lupin. For five years, Jenkins worked as a voiceover actor, portraying Ubercorn in the children's show Go Jetters. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [EXPLAINER]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [REVEALED]Death In Paradise's Don Warrington flaunts muscles in unearthed photo [CAST] Going by pictures that have been released ahead of the show's release, Babette is the singer whose husband is murdered. Actress Jacqueline Boatswain's biggest role to date has been as Simone Loveday in the Channel 4 drama Hollyoaks. She featured in the teen soap for four years before making her exit in 2019. Some of her other credits include Cuckoo, Bancroft, Doctors, The Madame Blanc Mysteries and Carnival Row. 