Liverpool may have to bid goodbye to hopes of seeing a £1billion cash injection via RedBird Capital Partners as Fenway Sports Group continue to look for a minority sale, according to reports. US investment firm RedBird Capital purchased an 11 per cent stake in FSG back in 2021 for £533million to help grow their sporting capital. But FSG's decision to put the club up for sale towards the end of last year has led to plenty of speculation on what that could mean. It's since been suggested that FSG would be open to a minority sale with RedBird Capital seen as the likeliest to increase their stake. It was claimed over the weekend that the investment firm are 'actively exploring' the possibility of increasing their stake in FSG to 30 per cent. That would see Liverpool's owners receive a whopping £1billion, which The Athletic point out 'would almost certainly be invested in the business'. However, the report adds RedBird are not 'actively thinking' about increasing their stake with FSG. The contrasting reports indicate that any new investment at Liverpool is still a long way away.  It comes ahead of a huge summer for Liverpool with the expectation that an overhaul is needed in midfield. Jude Bellingham remains the club's top target and the current market suggests it will take a bid in excess of £100million to take him from Borussia Dortmund. But reports have suggested that Liverpool will be in the market for at least two new central midfielders. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, James Milner and Naby Keita are all out of contract this summer and replacements will be needed.  There are also questions being raised on Fabinho's future at Anfield with Jurgen Klopp even admitting the Brazilian is out of form. “We don’t have arguments on the pitch or the training ground, not at all. He knows that he’s not flying and has to work his way back, that’s how it is,” Klopp said. “Now it’s really helpful that we have Stefan [Bajcetic], to be 100 percent honest. He’s doing really well and in this position, you need a guy who wins challenges, who protects everybody pretty much, but who plays football as well. That’s really important. “Fab did that for us for plenty of years, absolutely brilliant. [He was the] best in the position for a long time and in the moment it’s not clicking. That’s true as well. We have to go through that, nothing else. He’s not the happiest person on the planet, but he understands the decision obviously.”