Although my household bills tend to be quite low, my water bill has been creeping up over the years. The house I live in had a water meter installed before we moved in - which can help some people save money but unfortunately hasn’t worked for us. So I decided to order some free water saving equipment from Save Water Save Money to see if it could help me save money during the cost of living crisis, but did it make a difference? The cost of living crisis has forced many people to look for new ways to save money and one often forgotten about utility is the water bill. While water bills are due to go up in April by 7.5 percent (around £31 a year), some people can save hundreds of pounds a year by switching to a water meter. The general rule of thumb is that if you have more bedrooms than people then you might be able to reduce your water bills but be careful! I have the same amount of bedrooms as people and I’m paying more than I was in my last property. READ MORE: DWP urges state pensioners to check whether they could get £92 a week Our water usage has definitely increased since my daughter became a teenager - she likes to shower for 40 minutes, and although I’ve been encouraging her to have a bath instead, my pleas often fall on deaf ears. Martyn Bridges, director of technical services at Worcester Bosch previously told Express.co.uk that as long as people don’t shower for longer than 10 minutes, it should be cheaper than having a bath. So I was keen to get my free shower timer, which is just like an egg timer that tells you when the recommended shower time of four minutes is up. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING] While my latest water bill hasn’t arrived yet, a 10-minute shower now costs around 73p per electric shower - so I’ve worked out that if I can reduce this we could save £75 a year. I’ve also installed my free save-a-flush-bag, a water saving shower head and tap water saving devices so my savings could be as much as £100 a year. It’s also worth calling your water provider as I managed to get my bill reduced by £7 a month just by questioning why it keeps increasing. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis said it’s difficult to say whether someone would be better off with a water meter as it varies depending onhousehold's usage and the water company. However, I didn’t know that you can opt to switch back if it doesn’t work out for you. On the MSE website it says: “Remember, you can always try it to see if it saves you money. "Most have up to two years to change back free of charge – so if it doesn't work out, ditch it.” I was also unaware until recently that the Consumer Council for Water has a free water meter calculator that tells you if you can save with a meter.   It asks questions about your water use, how many people live at home, the number of showers taken a week and things like whether you have a dishwasher and water the garden. After inputting what you're paying at the moment, it then tells you your estimated costs if you have a meter - so you can make an informed decision before making the switch. Express.co.uk has been testing other ways people can save money this winter to see which money saving tips actually work. We also tested a heated throw to see if you could keep warm for just 5p an hour. 