Boxing fans have given their predictions ahead of this weekend's highly-anticipated bout between Jake Paul and Tommy Fury. For the past 18 months, the two have gone back and forth with a fight finally happening after two failed attempts. The rivals have already had two fight dates fall through in 2021 and 2022, with Fury pulling out of the first bout after suffering a cracked rib and chest infection before a second could not take place after he was unable to enter the United States. But now both men are in Saudi Arabia and had their final press conference on Thursday as they prepare to meet in the ring on Sunday night. A number of stars including Cristiano Ronaldo, Mike Tyson, Devin Haney, and of course, Tyson Fury are to be in attendance. And a number of fighters have given their prediction ahead of the bout, with Paul being made the oddsmakers favourite. "I’ve never seen Fury fight, I don’t think he’ll be able to beat Jake Paul. Jake Paul is getting better and better as he fights and I don’t know if they brought him over here to lose – we’re going to find out. Somebody is getting knocked out, somebody is going down. Someone’s 0 has got to go." “That’s so tough [to predict], but I’m going to go with Fury.” "I think Jake Paul beats him. Pretty soundly to be honest. Jake’s pretty good, you know? Had a good fight with Anderson, knocked out Tyron Woodley, you know?"  "It’s a good match up with those two, may the best man win. But this sport is something you can’t play with. When you finally face a fighter who can really, really fight, then you’re going to find out what you’ve really got in the sport of boxing.” "I have had a total U-turn on this fight. I thought Jake Paul was going to win this fight. I think Jake Paul has absolutely no chance to win this fight at all. If Tommy Fury comes out aggressively and puts it on Jake Paul, this fight will not go two rounds. "This is a massive U-turn for me because both are limited. But Tommy Fury as limited as he is as a professional boxer, has been boxing for ten, 12 years, maybe more. He has been in the ring against professional fighters, he has experienced that, he’s done the hard spars. He’s an outsider in this fight… he’s going to win this fight by stoppage."  