Manchester City may reportedly have to work their way up through the English Football League (EFL) ranks if they face expulsion from the Premier League. The Etihad Stadium outfit have been referred to an independent commission after the Premier League announced on Monday that they were charging them with breaking over 100 financial rules. The statement came after a four-year investigation, with the alleged offences taking place over a nine-year span between 2009 and 2018. City responded by welcoming the news of an independent investigation in the hope that it will ‘put the matter to bed’, confirming their confidence that they will not be found guilty of any charges. However, if their sureness is misplaced, they are expected to be hit with a significant punishment – depending on the amount and severity of their charges. According to The Independent, the Sky Blues could find themselves competing in League Two if the commission advises ‘the strongest possible punishment of expulsion’. The EFL does not allow clubs to ‘immediately enter’ the Championship and they would only find themselves in that league if they are hit with a points deduction that leads to them being relegated. The EFL does not have to accept City at all, though if they do, they would enter at the bottom rung – unless the rules are changed. There has not been an expected timeframe for the commission’s investigation, though no result is expected in the immediate future given that it took the Premier League four years to gather their information previously. Additionally, both City and the Premier League can appeal any decision made, which will lengthen the process further. Former Manchester United right-back Gary Neville has revealed that he has sympathy for City, feeling that there is not a true benefit to financial fair play. Speaking on The Overlap Live Fan Debate, he explained: “On the financial side, I do have some sympathy for Manchester City. "If you look at what Jack Walker [former Blackburn Rovers owner] did in 1992, 1993, 1994, that was financial doping, but it was deemed to be something completely different because he was a local businessman who pumped money into his club. "I'm not a fan of the Financial Fair Play Regulations. It means you'll always have the same clubs at the very top because their revenues are higher, and you'll always have the lower clubs lower down because they can't compete with the revenue. We do need sustainability and cost controls in football, and this is one of the biggest decisions in the next 12 to 18 months."