Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa Hogan was spearheading the Diddly Squat Farm Shop in the second season of Clarkson's Farm. The couple first met in 2017 after they were introduced at a friend's party. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the former actress and model's children. Lisa met Jeremy after ending a long-term marriage which lasted for 30 years. The 49-year-old Dublin-born star was the wife of Baron Steven Bentinck and the pair split back in 2011. During their relationship they had three children together, including 24-year-old Elizabeth Mary Wilhelmina Bentick, known as Lizzy. Her other two children are Wolfe and Alice, but their ages are not known. READ MORE: Lisa Hogan is almost as tall as her partner Jeremy Clarkson Lisa opened up about how her son Wolfe thought he had "killed" Jeremy after giving him Covid. Back in 2021 she appeared on Loose Women and said: "It was awful. My son brought it down for Christmas and he thought, 'Oh my god I'm going to kill Jeremy'. "And I said, 'Some people will thank you!'" Jeremy also has three children from his second marriage and Lisa opened up about their combined families. She said: "When we went on our first holiday after we met, we took the kids. "They all got on, one was shy starting off and then I was like, 'Get in the pool, no shyness!'" Jeremy has Emily, Finlo and Katya from his marriage to Frances Cain and the pair split in 2014. Lisa and Jeremy do not have any children of their own and have no plans to tie the knot. DON'T MISS... Lisa Hogan was married for 30 years before meeting Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Clarkson shouted at by girlfriend as he 'takes time off' Jeremy Clarkson left ‘on my own’ as farm error enrages girlfriend Lisa It would appear Lisa's children are regular visitors at Diddly Squat Farm as one of her daughters was mentioned in season two. Jeremy was asked to move a car which was blocking the way and he explained how it was Lisa's daughter's car. However, when he tried to move it, he ended up causing some damage and his driving skills were questioned. Ahead of the release of season two of Clarkson's Farm, Lisa opened up about her duties on the farm. Referring to the Diddly Squat Farm Shop, she said: "I used to go up there before the show dropped and I just loved talking to everyone with different points of view and just chatting. "I’m quite shy normally but when you’re behind a countertop, it’s very easy to banter with someone. "Then when the show dropped, there were people coming from everywhere. "So many farmers came and said, 'Thank you so much, because it shows the plight of farming'. "And so many people from abroad came because it touched them so much."  Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.