Game of Thrones actor Kit Harington surprised host Jimmy Fallon and his Tonight Show audience when he announced the big news. As the pair were discussing Kit's son, the actor said the youngster was "about to get the shock of his life" as he would be expecting another baby brother or sister. The audience cheered and clapped as host Jimmy shook the star's hand and congratulated him on the great news. He asked: "Are you excited? Are you nervous?" To which Kit replied: "I'm terrified. You know with the first baby you're like walking on clouds and dancing through fields of daisies for nine months. "This time the reality check comes much shorter, you're like... you get practical real quick." Jimmy asked the star what he first-born son thought of the news he would be getting a younger sibling. READ MORE: Kit Harington learns of grandfather's link to James Bond Kit replied: "I'm not sure he conceptually understands it just yet. "We are trying to get him ready for it, we point to Rose's tummy and we say 'Mummy's baby'. "And he points at his tummy and goes 'My baby'... I'm not sure that's... he'll know soon enough." He began a relationship with his Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie in 2011.  The pair announced their engagement through the 'Forthcoming Marriages' section of The Times in September 2017. A few months later the couple married at Rayne Parish Church Scotland and in September 2020, Rose posed for a magazine photo shoot visibly pregnant. Their son was first spotted in February 2021 and news of their second child comes two years later. The news comes after Kit called being a parent "the most physically draining thing" he has ever done. DON'T MISS... Game of Thrones fans slam HBO plans for Jon Snow sequel Kit Harington gives rare insight into family life with Rose Leslie Game of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington  Speaking to The Weekend Australian, he said: "Like, honestly, my back is wrecked. "I go to the gym quite a bit, but there's something about having a child that is the most physically draining thing." On The Tonight Show, the star also said of his two-year-old son: "We think he might be quite smart. "It's surprising, seeing as we're both actors, we're not sure quite where that has come from.   "He loves applause, every time he does something good we give him applause and we're worrying that is kind of pushing him towards acting. "We're a bit like 'You might be too smart for this, go save the world, we're thick, we had no choice'."  Kit played Jon Snow in Game Of Thrones while his wife Rose played Ygritte. The Tonight Show airs weeknights from 11.35pm on NBC