Mikel Arteta could make multiple changes as Arsenal visit Aston Villa at lunchtime. The Gunners are aiming to return back to the top of the Premier League table before Manchester City travel to Nottingham Forest at 3pm. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to select at Villa Park. Aaron Ramsdale didn't have his best game against Manchester City in midweek. However, criticism of the England international for Jack Grealish's deflected effort is probably undeserved. The majority of his clean sheets this season have come away from home. He has kept the opposition out seven times in 11 away matches and will be desperate to do so today. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar have plans for first appointment if Glazers sell   Takehiro Tomiyasu had an evening to forget on Wednesday. He made a big mistake for the opening goal and also was the unfortunate player to deflect Grealish's goal over Ramsdale. Ben White could come straight back in at right-back after failing to start for the first time this season. Oleksandr Zinchenko has featured a lot recently and Arteta may see fit to try something different with Kieran Tierney at left-back. Gabriel was shaky, especially in the second half against City. However, Jakub Kiwior is unlikely to make his debut in this one so the Brazilian should keep his place alongside William Saliba. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'  If Thomas Partey is fit, he will come straight back into the team. Jorginho played well against City but Partey's presence may have seen a different outcome. Arteta did not rule the Ghana star out of today's game and said he would be assessed after training on Friday. Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka have both been below par in recent weeks. However, there is no clear alternative for Arteta to choose from the bench. Fabio Vieira has flattered to deceive while Jorginho is unlikely to take up one of the two No 8 roles. The time has come for Gabriel Martinelli to be given a rest. He often saves his best for matches against the top opposition. However, he was poor against City and Leandro Trossard deserves his chance from the start. Bukayo Saka continues his fine form and remains the first name on the team-sheet for Arteta. Eddie Nketiah has not scored in his last four matches. He is the only striker option at the moment, unless Martinelli is trusted to play down the middle. Arsenal expected XI vs Villa in full: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Odegaard, Xhaka; Saka, Nketiah, Trossard. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 