Meghan Markle previously revealed her ultimate "girl crush" was someone who starred in a TV series which mocked the Windsors. In 2015, the year before meeting Prince Harry, Meghan wrote about the British actress, Liz Hurley, who starred in 'The Royals'. Meghan has repeatedly claimed to have known very little about the Royal Family, prior to meeting her now-husband. But in her resurfaced blog, the 41-year-old admitted she was taking an interest in 'The Royals', a show that documents a fictional British royal family. In the show, Liz Hurley plays a Queen Consort type-of-character called Queen Helena. Meghan expressed her admiration for the British actress in a blog post from 2015. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry forced to 'scrounge' as millions dry up – new claim She had even conducted a mini-interview with Liz ahead of the royal drama where she revealed that she was "huge fan" of hers, but she didn't state whether she had watched 'The Royals'. Despite multiple evidence that the 41-year-old knew all about the Royal Family before meeting Prince Harry, Meghan claimed that she only found about how much of a "big deal" the British Royal Family were after she started dating him. In December 2022, Meghan and Harry released their six-episode docu-series, Harry and Meghan, on streaming service Netflix. READ MORE: Harry says William 'suggested Brexit was bulls**t' as major royal rule broken On the show, Meghan can be heard stating that she knew little about the Royal Family prior to meeting Harry. Meghan decided to shut down her blog in April 2017, just months before she got engaged to Harry. The Tig was Meghan's outlet where she offered tips, advice and ideas, to her reader, on a range of topics such as food, travel and beauty. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Meghan got engaged to Harry in November 2017, with the couple getting married six months later, in May 2018. The couple have since welcomed two children, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter Lilibet.