Boris Becker has showered praise on fellow tennis legend Andy Murray following his 2023 resurgence and backed him to shine at this year's Wimbledon.  The Brit has pulled off some heroic comebacks this year, starting with his performances at last month’s Australian Open en route to the third round. The 35-year-old then saved several match points as he pulled off more houdini acts throughout last week’s Doha Open. Only a rampant Daniil Medvedev was able to stop the world no. 52 from claiming his 50th title, with the Russian registering a 6-4, 6-4 victory in the final. Becker, 55, who has been following the three-time Grand Slam champion’s progress in 2023, is very impressed with what he has seen and expects him to be competitive at Wimbledon this summer - an event Murray has won twice in the past. “Simply incredible,” former world No. 1 Becker told Eurosport. “I wouldn’t have expected him to come back that strong after his hip surgery. How he wrestles down his opponent, mostly over three sets, and also playing great tennis, as well in the final against Danill Medvedev. JUST IN: Andy Murray eyeing Wimbledon glory after ‘epic’ start to 2023 season  “It is incredible how he managed to come back like this, and I want to look ahead a little bit. If he keeps on playing like this and winning matches, I’m looking forward to Wimbledon. I think he might be on a good level there - on his favourite surface, which is grass.” “I didn't know how much I was going to be able to play or if I'd be able to compete at this level again. So now that I know that I'm able to, I want to see how far that can go because, yeah, it's a challenge and something that I'm proud of the results that I'm having, with a large physical limitation.” Former world No. 1 Murray has undergone two hip surgeries and is playing with a metal hip. He has been blighted by injury problems over the last several years and following a reccurence of the aforementioned injury, he has withdrawn from this week’s Dubai Open. A statement from the tournament read: “We regret to inform you that Andy Murray is unable to participate in this year’s tournament. Andy has been dealing with a recurring hip injury that has unfortunately forced him out of Dubai. We wish Andy a speedy recovery and hope to see him back on the court in Dubai soon.” 