Erling Haaland was taken off at half-time of Manchester City's win over Aston Villa on Sunday. It throws doubt over his participation against Arsenal on Wednesday but his absence may actually be bad news for the Gunners. Haaland suffered a thigh issue during the first half at the Etihad. City were 3-0 up at the break and Pep Guardiola saw fit to replace him at the break with Julian Alvarez. The City manager confirmed after the game that Haaland potentially could have played on if the scoreline wasn't so comfortable. Guardiola said: "He had a big knock, he was uncomfortable. "We didn't want to take a risk and we will assess the next days how he does. If the result was more tight then maybe I don't do it. "I don't think he's injured but tomorrow we will see. Hopefully he can be in for Wednesday, if it is a risk or he is not ready he's not going to play." READ MORE: Rangers let opponents walk ball into net from kick-off after 20-man brawl  City play Arsenal at the Emirates in arguably the biggest game of the season so far. Victory would take the reigning champions above their opponents and top of the table for the first time at the end of a game week since August. Haaland is yet to face the Gunners in his career and some home supporters may be content if he isn't fit for the midweek clash. The Norwegian has scored 25 goals in 21 league outings in his debut campaign in England. But many feel City are a better team without Haaland. One of those is former City midfielder Dietmar Hamann. The German gave his opinion on Twitter last month. He wrote: "Man City was a better team without Haaland, even if he scores 40 goals this season." DON'T MISSCasemiro has received punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd boss Ten Hag may drop three players for Barcelona clashMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in title race  Alvarez would likely be the straight replacement for Haaland if he isn't fit for the trip to north London. The Argentine helped his country win the World Cup in Qatar in December. Many feel the presence of Haaland affects the way City play. Hamann has since claimed that Guardiola never wanted to sign the forward. He told talkSPORT: "I never thought he was going to go to City because he’s a player Guardiola never wanted. Would he be a benefit for Chelsea or Manchester United? Yes, I think so. "Would he have scored the same goals for them? I don’t know, probably not because at City he gets more chances than for these teams but I don’t think he’s a good fit for Manchester City."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here