It's easy to forget that Manchester United's star man Marcus Rashford was actually told he was "free to leave" the club less than one year ago by interim boss Ralf Rangnick. The forgotten saga has since proven to be a blessing in disguise for the Red Devils, who have reaped the rewards of a revitalised Rashford this season under Erik ten Hag following the Dutchman's appointment last May. Cunning tactician Ten Hag also deserves rich credit for the way he has got Rashford firing on all cylinders this term. The England international has rifled home eight Premier League goals in his last nine top-flight matches - netting 21 times in all competitions. In the midst of Rashford's pulsating form, old quotes have resurfaced from Ten Hag's predecessor Rangnick last season in which he told the forward that he should consider moving on if he wasn't happy with his game time. Last season, Rashford endured some rough times out of the United side after battling various injury problems that impacted his form. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call Furthermore, he did not seem to be enjoying his football as Rangnick began to craft a United attack that no longer included the 25-year-old, who in the past has been of huge value to the likes of Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, respectively. As Rashford continued to watch on frustratingly from the sidelines, Rangnick delivered the stinging comment that now looks somewhat silly given what the forward has achieved this season. The Austrian said last March: "Even suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, well then he can do that but in the summer. "Now the window is closed. It’s got nothing to do with tomorrow’s game [v Tottenham] or the game on Tuesday [Atletico Madrid]." DON'T MISS Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashing Four excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback Rashford has since put two fingers up at Rangnick, who has moved onto pastures new after leaving Old Trafford to take up the Austria national job, with his spellbinding form this term. For whatever reason, it appears the 64-year-old did not seem to fully rate Rashford and there was no commitment to helping him turn his fortunes around. Ten Hag has done the total opposite. He has since made the attacker an integral part of his project and now he has unearthed a £100m forward after building a team that has allowed Rashford to fulfil his potential. The United poster boy has come on leaps and bounds this season - particularly in the second half of the campaign upon return from the World Cup in Qatar. Rashford was never truly open to the idea of leaving United and any speculation was most likely a tactic to force the Red Devils' hand - to make their player feel valued again. Paris Saint-Germain are firm admirers of Rashford and that has already been made public but now he is expected to sign a new contract at Old Trafford. United are prepared to extend his deal and offer him terms that reflect his fresh importance to the team which is some progress less than 12 months on from Rangnick's ruthless comments. There is growing confidence an agreement can be found too with Rashford determined to continue his journey with United, who he wants to fire to more silverware.