Amanda Serrano and Erika Cruz square off tonight for all the belts at featherweight. Ten months removed from her barn burner with Katie Taylor, Serrano is aiming to clear up at her old stomping ground before moving back up to lightweight for the highly anticipated rematch. Serrano is widely considered to be one of the greatest female fighters of all time and is the only women’s seven-weight world champion in the history of the sport. Meanwhile, her opponent Cruz, the reigning WBA champion at 126lb, has won 15 of her 16 professional fights including 14 straight and is certainly no slouch. Fight time/venue The undisputed showdown takes place at Madison Square Garden Theater in New York City tonight. Undercard action gets going at 1am on Sunday for UK fans with Serrano vs Cruz expected to follow at around 4am. Live stream/ TV channel The event is being broadcasted via streaming service DAZN and can be live-streamed via their app and website on all good internet-connected devices. DAZN costs £7.99 a month for UK customers. Full card Amanda Serrano vs Erika Cruz – for IBF, IBO, WBO, WBC and WBA featherweight titles Alycia Baumgardner v Elhem Mekhaled – IBF, IBO, WBA, WBC and WBO super featherweight titles Richardson Hitchins v John Bauza Skye Nicolson v Tania Alvarez Shadasia Green v Elon Cederroos Ramla Ali v Avril Mathie Yankiel Rivera Figueroa vs Fernando Diaz Aaron Aponte vs Joshua David Rivera Harley Mederos vs Julio Madera MORE BOXING NEWS... Fans express disgust at record-breaking Mayweather vs Chalmers PPV fee Eubank Jr to take 'elbow' appeal further ahead of Smith rematch Brook one of four boxers being lined up by Hearn for Benn comeback Quotes Serrano: ““It’s going to be truly amazing. As a female fighter, I’ve been in this game a long time, I’m probably the longest-reigning world champion in the sport right now. I was always going where the opportunities were and now that I was done chasing the divisions, I said this is my time. I want to go back to where I feel the best, and that’s featherweight. We did that, and to have most of them but one, and come Saturday night, have all of them, it’s going to be truly amazing. One of the greatest journeys of my life and my career.”   “The confidence that I went in there with one of the best, the confidence that the arena was jam-packed, the crowd was just amazing. So, no matter where they put me, I’m going to be 100% confident.” Cruz: “First and foremost, I have to say that I thank God for everything that I’ve been through. Becoming champion would mean giving that bit back to my father. He had a dream that I would go on to become world champion. I’m so appreciative of everything God has given me and all the support I’ve had from people, and I hope god-willing that I can go on to be victorious on Saturday night.” 