Harrison Ford may be about to drop his final Indiana Jones movie, but next year, he'll be hitting the big screen in another major franchise: The Marvel Cinematic Universe. It was recently announced that the iconic Star Wars actor would be joining the upcoming fourth Captain America movie - Captain America: New World Order. And Marvel boss Kevin Feige has just revealed who he'll be playing - but his presence creates a bit of a plot hole in the ever-expanding universe. Spider-Man fans will never forget the moment Peter Parker made his debut in the MCU during the third Captain America film: Civil War. After being recruited by Iron Man, Spidey hopped on a plane to Germany to fight alongside Tony Stark against Steve Rogers. During this epic battle, Spider-Man went up against Ant-Man, who attempted to bring the battle to an end by expanding himself into Giant-Man. With no other way of defeating his foe, the Web Head came up with a cunning plan. He asked Stark: "Hey do you remember that really old movie, the Empire Strikes Back?" He then proceeded to take down Ant-Man by tying up his legs with webbing (like Luke Skywalker did with the AT-AT on Hoth). But the issue here lies with Parker's reference to the Empire Strikes Back. Ford played Han Solo in the Star Wars series, and he has now joined the MCU as a major character Parker would certainly know. Feige revealed overnight that Ford will be played Thaddeus Ross, the President of the United States. He said: "With Harrison, you think about Air Force One, and you think about some of his confrontations with the president in Clear and Present Danger. In this film, we’ll be seeing the dynamic between Captain America and the president of the United States in a way that is just incredible." However, if Parker has watched - at the very least - one of the Star Wars movies, he'll have seen the president playing the swashbuckling rogue Han Solo on the big screen. Of course, this is not the first time casting choices have interfered with the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Iron Man referenced The Big Lebowski in Avengers Endgame, despite the fact his nemesis, Jeff Bridges, was the movie's star. DON'T MISS...Vin Diesel wants Marvel hero to join Fast and Furious series [NEWS]Ant-Man and The Wasp Quantumania – MCU movies and TV to watch before [INFO]Major Avenger’s death confirmed by Kang in Ant-Man Quantumania clip [INSIGHT] Iron Man once again mentioned Legolas from The Lord of the Rings in Avengers, which famously starred Cate Blanchett, Hugo Weaving and Karl Urban - all of whom have joined the MCU as Hela, Red Skull and Skurge, respectively. Furthermore, in Civil War, Stark called Bucky Barnes the Manchurian Candidate, a 1959 novel and a 2004 movie which starred the Falcon actor, Anthony Mackie. Despite this oversight, Feige rallied behind Ford's upcoming performance in Captain America: New World Order. He noted the 80-year-old star was "embracing the role" of Thaddeus Ross. The Marvel boss also said it had been his "dream for years" to bring Ford onto the role. He said it stemmed from when Marvel boss Jon Favreau hired the star in the 2011 movie Cowboys and Aliens opposite former James Bond actor Daniel Craig. "I was always very jealous of that," Feige said, as reported by Evening Standard. "So to have him finally in the MCU is just incredible. It’s like, I can cross that off the wish list." The movie is still a long way off, however. Captain America: New World Order is set for a 2024 release, and will see the return of Falcon, Bucky, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus. This will also be the first Captain America movie not to star Chris Evans as the titular hero. Captain America: New World Order hits cinemas on May 3, 2024. SOURCE