Friday’s episode of Jeopardy! marked Ken Jennings' final appearance on the long-running game show as host. As he read out his last ever question, the attention was soon diverted away from him as fans were surprised to see the contestants fail to respond with the correct answer.  The latest episode of Jeopardy! welcomed Will Travis, Laura Donegan and Stephen Webb as they took on the quiz game show for a chance to take home the cash prize award. As they reached the final round, Stephen was in the lead with $23,200, Will had $7,500 while Laura had $4,800 banked. To be named the winner, the contestants took on the national parks category. The clue revealed: “It’s named for a river indigenous people called MI TSE A-DA-ZI, translated by French-speaking trappers as ‘Pierre Jaune.’” READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain   Ken added additional insight as he told them: “It helps to have a little French on this clue.” However, Laura and Stephen admitted defeat as they failed to come up with an answer. Will was the only player to respond correctly as he answered: “What is Yellowstone?” and earned an additional $2,201. After revealing Yellowstone was the answer, Ken added: “That is literally what Pierre Jaune means in French.”     While many were pleased Will won the round, other viewers were baffled that Laura and Stephen didn’t answer correctly. Taking to a Reddit fan page, u/matlockga remarked: “Kind of a surprising result today, but I'm guessing the native name threw people off the scent.” A second viewer added: “Embarrassing when the answer is in the question and 67% of Americans still don't know. “Easiest fj ever. The answer is already given. Stone Yellow. Sheesh.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [REACTION]Yellowstone's Wes Bentley speaks on possible John Dutton death [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik sparks uproar with Jeopardy return [REACTION]   u/Richard_Babley stated: “If you know a little French, this seems pretty obvious. A baffled Drop_The_Puck commented: “I’m surprised they just didn’t guess a National Park.” While a confident u/heddhunter boasted: “I didn't even look at it. I saw jaune which I remembered from high school french -> yellow -> national park -> bingo!” Although some viewers found the question obvious, others admitted it took a while for them to realise the answer.   This included u/Akaizzeesmom who wrote: “Well…I worked in Yellowstone for two years and totally forgot the category.” Following Ken’s departure as host, Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik will take over as the new permanent fixture. After the death of its original host Alex Trabek, who was there for 37 years until his death in 2020, Mike Richards was set to be his replacement. However, Mike stepped down from the role after some of his past inappropriate comments were unveiled causing outrage on social media. After Mayim was confirmed as the host, Sony chairman Ravi Ahuja stated she "has a wonderful energy, an innate sense of the game, and an authentic curiosity that naturally represents the Jeopardy brand". Jeopardy! continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. 