Crown Princess Mary stepped out today to place a wreath at the Mahatma Gandhi memorial in India. The Crown Princess exuded elegance as she walked beside her husband, Crown Prince Frederik.  Mary wore her Vilshenko "Jerry" floral-print silk crepe de chine dress for this event. The description for this dress says: "Vilshenko's 'Jerry' dress is cut from silk crepe de chine and printed with beautiful flowers placed to flatter your figure. "This slim-fitting piece has an inverted pleat through the skirt enhancing the subtly A-line silhouette. We say style it with simple heels and a clutch." Unfortunately, this dress is no longer in stock, however, this is unsurprising as Mary has been seen wearing the garment since 2016. READ MORE: Queen Letizia: Royal shares ‘favourite exercise’ Crown Princess Mary of Denmark is not the only royal to have worn this beautiful floral dress. Back in 2016, Charlene, Princess of Monaco partook in the traditional Monaco picnic. For this event, she looked stunning in the Vilshenko gown, which Charlene paired with black pumps and bold red lipstick. Today, Crown Princess Mary accessorised with her Halberstadtd 18K gold petite letter necklace, which features the letter "F", most likely as a tribute to her husband Frederik. Instead of her usual high heels, Mary appeared to be wearing disposable slippers, designed for tourists who visit the memorial. Crown Prince Frederik was also photographed wearing these white slippers. Royal fans absolutely loved Crown Princess Mary's style and praised her for wearing a seven-year-old dress. So far on this royal tour, Mary's outfits have been full repeats, with no newly purchased clothes or accessories. READ MORE: Kate ‘steers away from coat dresses’ now like Crown Princess Mary This is not unusual for the Crown Princess, who did the same for her Vietnam tour last year. Instagram user @glenisdagleish said: "Gorgeous that dress. Well done for wearing repeats."  Another fan, @raspberryliving added: "Aw, the necklace is so sweet." Royal watcher @sumaricoetzer commented: "Absolutely flawless and gorgeous!" Instagram fan @rachelhlhannam said: "What a figure she has! Not ridiculously thin but just perfect. "Such pure serenity and elegance. Love her." in addition, @royalspectator added: "Oh Mary, Mary! Great to see so many gorgeous looks again and the accessories!" Finally, @ellainthecityboston commented: "I have always adored this dress on Mary. She looks lovely!"