Chris Canetti has spoken exclusively to Express Sport about lessons learned from Qatar as Houston prepares to host some of the matches at the next World Cup. Games will be played in America, Mexico and Canada in 2026. And it will be the first time the tournament involves 48 teams, too. Canetti has been in charge of Houston’s World Cup campaign throughout and is confident of putting on a show for the world to remember. And he was left impressed by Qatar’s organisation of the tournament, saying: “Yeah, from afar, it was, it was excellent. You know the competition was amazing. “It was capped off by just, you know, a final for the ages and was really enjoyable to watch. “It was really good drama, and good football and exciting from this side of the ocean.” The World Cup in Qatar was unique for several reasons. But one that made it special was that it was easily accessible for fans in the Middle East, with supporters able to travel to multiple matches due to the close proximities of the stadiums. The next World Cup will be different due to the competition being played in three separate countries. And Canetti has stressed America will do everything they can to ensure fans can travel around as easily as possible. “Qatar is about the size of the greater Houston area,” he said. “Here in North America is obviously a massive and you know, it's a flight between all 16 cities while you could drive from Houston to Dallas, I suppose. “You could actually drive New York to Boston, New York to Philly. So not everything's a flight but you get the point. “It's far more spread out, as you noted than them having everything basically in one city. “The one thing that's great about Houston is we're so centrally located and when you look at North America, you could really put a pin in Houston and it's right there in the middle. “And we are short flight to any city, whether you're going east coast, west coast, and one of the things that we thought was beneficial about our bid package was our access and accessibility to Mexico. “We are a short one-and-a-half, two-hour flight to Mexico City Guadalajara or Monterey. We don’t have the exact plans yet in terms of how people are going to get back and forth with visas and passports and things like that. “But I do understand there's going to be some planning that's done, to try to make, make it very easy for fans to travel in and out of the various countries for the World Cup. “But of course, once in America, it's easy to get to get around and get from place to place.” Canetti also insisted Houston already had many of the facilities needed to host such a big event. “Our city and our region have a comprehensive infrastructure plan, you know, they're always working on upgrading the airports and the highways and other things,” he said. “If you were in Houston today, and he drove around, you'd see a lot of work being done on various roads and highways, and even the airports. “He has a massive improvement project going on in our main international airport here called Bush International, all of that work will be done prior to 2026. “And all of our visitors will be able to enjoy the benefits of the new terminals, and everything and all the things that are being added there. “The good news is, is like a lot of work will be done before 2026 as well, and that we're in constant communication with the authorities, in particular, State Department of Transportation and others.” And Canetti is excited to see plans for the tournament ramp up now the showpiece event in Qatar is out of the way. “Things were obviously very quiet,” he continued. “For the last handful of months, people was was very focused on Qatar, rightfully so. “So now that that's behind us we expect things to accelerate quite quickly in the planning process. “There's a lot of things that all the cities need to engage with FIFA on, that are very detail oriented around the stadiums around the hotels are on the training sites, the airports, the fan fest areas. “So now's the time to start digging into these details and getting those things done. “We've been out there doing that working with local companies, you know, to generate income and revenue to cover the costs. “And then a lot of administrative stuff as well building up our board structure and our subcommittees and putting people in place. So that the planning can go full, full throttle.” Janis Burke, CEO of the Harris County - Houston Sports Authority - also spoke to Express Sport. On lessons from Qatar, she said: “Honestly, I didn’t notice any negative aspects while there, but the planning of or lead up to getting there was a bit harder than other events I have attended. “Fans had to apply for a Hayya card, which entailed proof of hotel room, match ticket, etc. and then wait for approval. “This process took some extra steps and caused a little bit of angst when fans were also trying to coordinate other portions of their trip or book air travel, etc. “I think this was due to the concern that there might not be enough hotel rooms to accommodate everyone. We shouldn’t have that issue when in the USA.” And, on the biggest positive from Qatar, she added: "The City decor and fan activation were amazing. “It was also unique to be able to get to so many matches due to the proximity and tight geographic footprint of the country. I was able to see all eight stadiums and go to five matches, so that was a huge positive for the fans.”