A father and son have told how they raced to save their business after a huge blaze engulfed derelict buildings in Pontardawe, South Wales. Three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of arson after the blaze at around 12.13am on Wednesday February 22 on the High Street, reports WalesOnline. Flames were so intense it took crews four hours to bring the fire under control as firefighters were concerned about gas cylinders inside. Local business owners Michael James, 74, and his son Craig, 36, rusghed to the scene fearing vehicles at their firm Pontardawe Car Sales could be destroyed. Flames licking around the burning building, which was previously owned by DC Autos, just yards from the forecourt, did not spread. Michael said: "It was so hot that my son's hair was scorching as he went to move the cars. "We were very lucky and the fire service did a fantastic job.” Michael’s son Craig said luckily the family’s personal motorhome was not damaged. He said: “Luckily, none of our stock or our personal motorhome were damaged. "I managed to move them all in time in a mad craze. It wakes you up, in times like this you realise you can lose all your livelihood in minutes. “I'm so glad nobody was killed and the fire service were fantastic. So were the residents near our dealership who were frantically calling me so I could save our stock." A spokesperson for Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said crews used a thermal imaging camera, a turntable ladder and four hose reel jets to tackle the blaze. The Pontardawe crew re-attended the scene to dampen down embers and hot spots. Neighbourhood police inspector Lindsey Sweeney said: "South Wales Police was called just before 00.30am this morning by Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service with a report of a fire at the Old Brewery on High Street in Pontardawe. “Three teenagers - one boy aged 15 and two girls aged 15 and 14 - have been arrested on suspicion of arson and are currently in police custody. Inquiries are continuing into the exact circumstances of the incident.” Express.co.uk has contacted South Wales Police for comment. 