This afternoon’s (February 23) edition of BBC programme Bargain Hunt will see the show heading to Wrexham, North Wales. Host Eric Knowles, alongside experts Caroline Hawley and Danny Sebastian, will be going on the hunt for antiques. They will be then be going to an auction house in Stockport, where they hope they’ve made a profit. Caroline and her husband John Hawley own and run Hawleys Auctioneers, which is based in North Cave and Beverley in East Yorkshire. The first auction took place in 2001 and the company continues to go strong since then. Caroline has been part of the antiques world her whole life. According to the auction house’s official site, Caroline opened her first show in South Cave back in 1983. This would have initially have helped to build up her net worth with the expert adding to her wealth as the shop became successful. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest staggered by black opal brooch's value Her profile would have been raised further after she became an expert on BBC series Bargain Hunt since 2014. Before becoming a presenter on the show in 2022, Caroline shared her antiques expertise which would have made her a familiar face with viewers. Over the course of nearly a decade on Bargain Hunt, Caroline would have seen her profile increasing. She has also featured on Celebrity Eggheads and Flipping Profit. There are varying figures from Caroline’s net worth with Celebsagewiki.com putting it between an estimated £829,000 and £4.1million ($1million and $5million). But site The Parentage says she is worth an estimated £1.6million ($2million). With her profile rising, she is likely to get more work and this in turn will lead to her increasing her net worth. She shared on her Instagram account some of the items recently sold by Hawleys back in December. Among the pieces was a solitaire diamond ring which went for £5,4000 and a pearl choker and bracelet which went for £1,100. These auctions will have boosted her net worth in turn with the auction house making money for putting the antiques up for sale. Caroline captioned the snap, which she shared with her 1,799 fans: “Some great results at Hawleys recent auction!” She previously said of working on the series: “It is the best fun ever to spend time with talented experts and crew, and fabulous, enthusiastic teams all on the hunt for bargains.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY]Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [VIDEO]Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [INTERVIEW] Caroline said she loved life on the road as she went around the country to various auction houses for Bargain Hunt. She said no two days were the same, saying: “I really love meeting people who have a passion for what they do, and visiting often undiscovered places and unexpected collections. “I think that this is due in part to my innate nosey nature! It is a real pleasure to be able to share these hidden gems with the viewers.” Reflecting on people to sign up for Bargain Hunt, Caroline said: “Please don’t just sit and shout at your television that you can do better, come and show us!” Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One today at 12.15pm