"Lemon water and beet juice both contain lutein and zeaxanthin, which are two important nutrients that help to protect against macular degeneration and cataracts," Dr Bourkiza told Express.co.uk. Macular degeneration is a problem within the retina, the American Academy Of Ophthalmology points out. The condition causes people to lose their central vision, meaning you would be able to see the numbers on a clock, but not the hands that tell the time. In people over the age of 50, age-related macular degeneration is very common; the most common form is dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Dry macular degeneration occurs when the macular gets thinner with age and tiny clumps of protein, known as drusen, grow. "There is no way to treat dry AMD yet," the American Academy Of Ophthalmology notes, which is why Dr Bourkiza's advice to drink lemon water and beet juice is key. "Similarly, fresh orange juice and berry smoothies contain antioxidants which can help fight oxidative stress that can ultimately cause eye damage and degeneration," Dr Bourkiza added. READ MORE: Woman shares the 'smelly' signs that led to cancer diagnosis - 'This wasn’t normal for me' Eye damage Cataracts can be a result of eye damage, or older age, which leads to cloudy patches of vision. The NHS explains: "Cataracts are when the lens, a small transparent disc inside your eye, develops cloudy patches. "Over time these patches usually become bigger causing blurry, misty vision and eventually blindness." Usually appearing in both eyes, cataracts may not necessarily develop at the same time or affect the eyes in the same way. Anybody experiencing the following symptoms are strongly advised to book an appointment with an optician. Symptoms of cataracts: Cataracts get worse over time, the national health service warns, so surgery will eventually be needed. There can be risks associated with surgery, such as blurred vision, loss of vision, and a detached retina. READ MORE: ‘I felt like I was dying’: Paul O’Grady describes horror illness that ‘finished’ him off Dr Bourkiza also recommended being mindful of sugary drinks, as it "contributes heavily to the odds of contracting type 2 diabetes". She warned that type 2 diabetes "is probably the biggest diet-related condition threatening eyesight". Being mindful of your diet also means taking care of what you eat on a day-to-day basis. "Large amounts of white bread, pasta and white rice can also affect the eyes as they are broken down into sugar, which can cause diabetic eye disease and macular degeneration." Dr Bourkiza added: "Processed meats like sausages and bacon, ready meals, and fried food are all high in salt and saturated fats, which can increase blood pressure and cholesterol levels. "These can damage the delicate blood vessels of the eye and cause profound loss of vision." Good food sources for the eyes include spinach, broccoli, kale, carrots, salmon, sardines, and mackerel. Dr Rabia Bourkiza is the consultant ophthalmic surgeon at OCL Vision.