Brandon Scott made a lasting impression during his season seven appearance on TLC’s My 600lb Life. After sticking to his weight loss program, the singer took to Instagram to flaunt his incredible 450lb weight loss.   When Brandon first entered Dr Now’s office in 2019, he weighed 718lb and felt like he was “living in his own nightmare". At the time, he was looking to tie the knot with his then-girlfriend Taylor but was worried he wouldn't make it down the aisle, leaving Taylor to become his full-time carer. However, Brandon proved he was determined to lose weight despite being moved to tears at the airport and almost quitting. As a result, he became one of the show’s success stories after losing a whopping 450lbs. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain   On Tuesday, Brandon updated fans with a recent photo of himself alongside his wife, Taylor. The touching Valentine’s Day post was captioned: “Lucky!!! I’m so happy to be able to say I have a forever crush! “Each day is Valentine's Day for us! Thank you, Lord!” His followers also noticed his weight loss and took to the comment section with admiration for the 34-year-old.     A thrilled @marianamartinez1972 commented: “I'm watching your journey with Dr Now. So good you're still healthy and happy day to both of you!!!” @marialcayagam added: “How cute!!! Congratulations.” A third viewer @purplefiremedic stated: “I love you two!! Your journey has been so amazing!” While @the.good.ashley shared: “Just watched your my 600 pound life episode. I’m so proud of you and happy for you both! You deserve the world!” DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [REACTION]Tammy Slaton's pay for 1000lb Sisters explained as star hits goal [EXPLAINER]Man makes staggering transformation losing 40st [INSIGHT]  Throughout his journey, Brandon was faced with a number of challenges including lymphedema. This caused a blockage in the lymphatic system, which resulted in swelling of the arms and legs nevertheless he was able to get the life-saving gastric surgery after losing 141lbs. After the intense surgery, Brandon continued to stick to the plan and within 12 months he was able to shed 383lbs. During another check-in with Dr Now, Brandon learned he weighed 265lb and was approved for skin removal surgery.    The usually tough doctor expressed nothing but praise for Brandon as he said: “I remember the first day I saw you, you were 718lb, so you lost over 450lbs. “Almost twice as much as you weigh now, can you imagine that?” After recommending the skin removal surgery, Dr Now added: “If we take that you’ll be under 200lb and this is going to be tremendous.”  My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 