One moment, in particular, saw one hotelier's visit to Cedarville Guest House in Withernsea, East Yorkshire which was run by husband and wife Karl and Steph. Reading through their reviews, they noticed Sian and Mary had described them as overdramatic, which led to a tense exchange between the two couples. At the end of each episode, the guests rate the owners on a series of different categories and then pay what they think their stay was worth. The owners of the hotel get to see the feedback from their guests before they all sit down and reveal how much they would want to pay. Steph and Karl were immediately annoyed when they read that Sian and Mary had written they were over dramatic for the, "How were your hosts" category. Karl turned to Steph and asked: "Over dramatic? Are they real or what?" READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Steph quipped: "They obviously aren't in touch with humanity and other people's fears." Wanting to know what they meant by the comment, Steph asked:" You said we were over dramatic at certain points, can you explain that please?" Sian explained: "We just felt uncomfortable with the tarantula, we just felt you were being really over dramatic with..." However, Karl stepped in to defend Steph and exclaimed: "Can I just stop you there, Steph has a morbid fear of spiders, that took some guts, let me tell you." Mary added: "But it was distressing watching someone get that distressed." Still annoyed at their comments, Steph bluntly defended herself: "That's not dramatic that is distressed then, isn't it?" to which Karl reminded them: "It was about facing your fears." "To say that I was dramatic, it's nothing short of cruel, really cruel," Steph concluded. Feeling bad about their comments, Mary stated: "Well we apologise," however, Steph wasn't having any of it and shut her down: "Well it's done now isn't it, doesn't matter." DON'T MISS...BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner  [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [INSIGHT]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [WATCH] After their conversations, Karl commented on the awkward conversation and said: "Some of the points they made were in my opinion ridiculous, I couldn't help but stand in a defend my wife." The moment in question which happened in the episode back in March 2022 saw Karl and Steph take their guests along to an animal experience where they got to hold different types of animals. A tarantula was the last animal on the list and saw Steph hide in fear before she told Karl: "I don't know if I can do that." However, she decided to try and face her fears and held the tarantula, hyperventilating she soon expressed: "That is enough," and jumped up crying. Whilst Karl and the rest of the guests were impressed by Steph's bravery, Mary commented away from the group: "Steph really got quite hysterical, why would you put yourself through that?" Sian agreed: "Why would you do it? I think it is a bit over the top. I think they were acting." Overall, Sian and Mary concluded that they wouldn't want to stay at their hotel again but Steph expressed: "I wouldn't want to host you again." Four in a Bed episodes are available to watch on All4.