Queen Rania of Jordan was in the US last week with her husband, King Abdullah II. The royal couple were seen at various events, with Rania stealing the show in multiple beautiful outfits. On the third day of her visit, Thursday, February 2, Rania was spotted with her daughter, Princess Iman, at a breakfast event. For the occasion, the Queen looked impeccable in a silk blouse and tight midi skirt. Her blouse was cream with a purple scarf-like adornment that was tied around the royal's neck and fell by her side. This was the "Royal Tear Shirt" by Harithand. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert It is currently for sale on the website for a huge £720 and its description reads: "Off-white silk organza/silk purple satin, balloon sleeves with a draped wing, loose-fit, back buttons closure." This shirt seemed to be new, but the skirt Rania wore has been seen many times before. It was the Black Jersey Skirt by Fendi - a tight-fitted, midi skirt that suited Rania well. The royal accessorised with the Bottega Venetta "Handle" Padded Intreccio Leather Top Handle Bag, which she has been seen carrying many times in the past. DON'T MISS:Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXCLUSIVE]A review of Leonardslee House and Restaurant Interlude [COMMENT]Expert shares humane deterrents to keep squirrels out of your garden [GUIDE]   As for jewellery, the Queen of Jordan donned earrings called the "Kilimanjaro", which are by London-based Vanleles Diamonds. These earrings come in a small and large version, with the latter costing a huge £48,000. Rania's are the smaller version and, due to them being sold out, it is not known how much they are worth. The royal completed her look with a pair of simple black heels. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future Her hair was styled in a stylish half-up, half-down do, and she wore a slick of black eyeliner and shiny lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to comment on Rania's look, with mixed opinions. Some "loved" her quirky blouse, while others disliked it. Instagram user @in_pursuit_of_magic wrote: "What an outfit. Loved it." User @vrougreen commented: "I love the blouse. It’s unique, elegant, and fun." User @luxmeagainpreloved wrote: "Love this elevated skirt and blouse look. The purple sash makes the look but without it, it would be a stunner!" User @mydocuments_ wrote: "I love this pop of purple! And the silhouette is so pretty!" @austy_spumante said: "It genuinely looks like she caught her tie in her zipper or something. I like the rest of the look, though." User @mog1717 commented: "I think she looks like a 1970s stewardess. Hate the blouse." User @johnnysm2000 wrote: "I can’t quite put my finger on why, but I really dislike the blouse. Perhaps it’s the asymmetry, how random the purple scarf thing seems to be placed over the blouse, the bell sleeves paired with the scarf thing. "Something about it throws me off. It almost reminds me of a flag or something military-inspired, I’m not sure. I know that Queen Rania often likes to take risks with her fashion choices, which is nice. But sometimes she has looks that look a bit off, like this one. But she does look polished and elegant as usual, nonetheless." User @lueskye added: "Not convinced about the sash, somehow… makes me think of those ribbons that mayors wear at the parades."