King Charles will extend an olive branch to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to avoid having his reign marred by the "awful" feud rocking the Royal Family, a royal insider claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have fuelled speculation about the rift with a series of allegations putting into question the institution's commitment to its individual members. As Express.co.uk was able to confirm the couple will be invited to the coronation in May, the insider suggested His Majesty wants Harry "back in the family" to clamp down on the PR crisis. They said: "It is such a momentous occasion for Charles, and he would want his son to be at the coronation to witness it. "He would like to have Harry back in the family. If they don't sort it out, it will always be part of the King's reign and how he has left his family disjointed. "He has had a reputation as a distant parent, and it would be awful for him for that to continue." A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk that plans have been set in motion to invite Harry and Meghan while ensuring they do not steal the attention away from the King and Queen Consort. JUST IN: Royal Family told to be 'smart' and 'seek peace' with Harry and Meghan ahead of Coronation They said: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." Royal historian Robert Lacey also suggested the King is making sure Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are invited to show the Royal Family is committed to being united. Speaking to PEOPLE, Lacey said: "Quite apart from Charles' paternal hope to reunite with his son, one of the jobs of the Royal Family is showing how to cope with the problems we all have in a human and thoughtful way. "What will be a success for the family in the future is not reconciliation necessarily, but mutual acceptance of different ideas and priorities." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new Sussex rebrand Prince Harry insisted during a promotional interview for his book, Spare, the Royal Family had shared its point of view about him for 38 years and now he was reclaiming his right to share his story. He told Stephen Colbert last month: "After 38 years, they have told their side of the story. This is the other side of the story and there’s a lot in there that perhaps makes people feel uncomfortable and scared.” The Royal Family has so far refused to comment on any of the allegations the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have made since stepping down from their roles in 2020. But Prince William has reportedly expressed his frustration at the King's attempt to bring Harry back into the fold after what he perceived as a "betrayal" of the institution. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] A Palace insider said: "William is the one who is most upset and needs time to calm down. He has been painted as hotheaded and unsympathetic.” And commentator Kinsey Schofield added: "He is trying to accept the fact that he lost the brother he knew forever. "This is a heartache that he hasn’t felt since the loss of his mother… only heightened by a sense of betrayal. "The Prince of Wales has inherited his father's temper so he prefers not to dwell on the topic because it does make him upset." Prince Harry was last in the UK to attend the funeral of the late Queen in September. He had previously been back only a handful of times since he gave up his working royal position. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews