Manchester United will go head-to-head with Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley on Sunday. And the Red Devils could have a distinct advantage over the Magpies if the match ends all square after 90 minutes. United booked their place in the Carabao Cup final after seeing off Nottingham Forest over two legs in the semi-finals. Newcastle, meanwhile, reached the showpiece event following a last four triumph over Southampton. During the earlier rounds of the competition, matches headed straight for a penalty shootout if they ended in a draw. But the Carabao Cup rules state that the final will include 30 minutes of extra-time if the teams can’t be separated after 90 minutes. And only if the teams are level after 120 minutes of action has been played will there be a penalty shootout. The extra half an hour of football could play into the hands of Erik ten Hag’s side due to the squad depth the United manager has at his disposal. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed United aren’t short of options in their squad, with experienced internationals Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Scott McTominay not even regular starters at the moment. The likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Aaron Wan-Bissaka have been in and out of the team in recent weeks, with Ten Hag spreading the workload over his extended squad. And Diogo Dalot and Antony have been eased back into things following injury layoffs. Ten Hag will certainly have a selection headache when it comes to picking his team for the cup final. But he will have plenty of talent to turn to on his bench if things aren’t going his way during the match. And if the showdown ends up going to extra-time, the Dutchman will be able to call upon the fresh legs of a whole host of players who are arguably just as good as the stars who are set to play from the outset.  Newcastle will be able to at least point to their third-round penalty shootout victory over Crystal Palace as evidence that they can stay the course. But the Palace substitutes would have struggled to strike the same fear into the Newcastle defence as the United ones will do. The Red Devils flattered to deceive for years on the pitch after Sir Alex Ferguson retired from management after winning the Premier League title in 2013, But Ten Hag has turned the team’s fortunes around and they are still on course to win four trophies this season. And Sunday’s match could be the first of many finals for United under the Dutchman.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.