Gemma Gear discovered her passion for home decor and design while working as a visual merchandiser for home retailers back in 2011 and has since grown that love into becoming an interior stylist, art director and the creator of award-winning blog That's So Gemma. However, much of her home design and styling tips have been picked up first-hand while remodelling her own properties. After purchasing their first property in 2019, Gemma and her partner Tom embarked on a journey to bring the Victorian property "back to life". Though she hadn't planned it, colour became central to this journey. But with the couple on a “budget”, it meant they had to take a “hands-on” approach. “It’s no secret that it can be incredibly difficult to get on the property ladder,” Gemma told Express.co.uk. “When my partner, Tom, and I were in a position to buy our first house in 2019, our budgets were limited which meant we needed to invest in a project home. “This wasn’t particularly alarming to me as by this time I had knowledgeable experience with interiors and had learnt the ‘basics’ from trades I had worked in the industry with. That being said, when it comes to doing up your own home it can undoubtedly be daunting.” The process inspired Gemma, who made it “her mission” to share the journey on her blog to help others who may find themselves in a “similar DIY situation”. READ MORE: 'Perfect' front door paint shades to add 25 percent to your sale price “The house was a Victorian terraced house and had so much character and potential, but old houses can also come with a few issues which we certainly encountered along the way,” she explained. The couple saved money by tackling as many of the jobs as possible themselves, only booking in tradespeople for specialist projects such as plumbing, plastering and electrical work. ”Everything quickly racks up in costs so it was important that we got as hands-on as we could,” the interior stylist said. “The hardest rooms to tackle were the kitchen and bathroom of which we had work carried out by professionals, but we saved costs in any areas that we could and decorated them ourselves along with hanging the doors and doing the woodwork.” Throwing themselves into the thick of the renovation allowed Gemma to realise her love of bold colours, and allowed her to get creative. “It wasn’t until we actually moved into our first home and got to the decorating stage that I truly understood my love for colour and bold interiors,” she said. DON'T MISS'I save £600 a month living in a home I built myself in mate's garden' [COMMENT]‘Natural disinfectant’ removes limescale from shower heads ‘overnight’ [INSIGHT]Inside abandoned Victorian barracks which could be yours for £500k [PICTURES] “Up until then, we hadn’t had a space of our own to really explore what we personally liked or disliked. Because I work within an industry that requires me to be versatile across so many different trends, there were elements from each that I loved and wanted to incorporate into our home. “The style of our interior was essentially an amalgamation of different trends which fitted well together because of the eclecticism. Along with the pops of bright colour it all tied into its own unique aesthetic.” In the kitchen, the couple opted for turquoise tiles with a pop of orange in the form of their quirky tap. In the lounge, Gemma painted the fire breast wall a bold shade of blue, with yellow detailing on either side. A colourful gallery wall pulled the room together, while the main feature was arguably the gorgeous deep blue, velvet sofa. In the bedroom, Gemma chose multi-coloured artwork and a rainbow book display to tie in all of the colours of the home. “I loved the playful aesthetic in my previous home and how each room had its own identity yet the house on a whole worked as one,” she said. “Some of my favourite stand-out pieces was my DIY rainbow wreath which I made from dried and preserved flowers. It hung proudly above my living room mantle and added a huge feature to the room. “I also took huge pride in my DIY peg board in my office. Not only did it make a great feature wall, but it doubled up as handy storage space for all of my office and craft supplies. Maximising storage space was key in this house as the rooms weren’t overly huge.” Throughout their journey, Gemma realised "sprucing up a room really doesn’t have to be expensive", and thanks a splash of paint for adding a refresh to rooms which might otherwise feel dull. The experience also gave the couple the confidence to pursue a new property, which they purchased in June 2022 after selling their rainbow haven. "Ultimately, it gave us the courage and certainty that we could definitely do it all over again, which is a journey we are now embarking on in our new home that we recently moved into," Gemma said. You can follow Gemma's home renovation projects on Instagram @ThatssoGemma.