It came as financial analyst Louise Cooper accused him at the start of their interview as being "party political" when Ed Balls addressed the breaking news that British Gas owner Centrica has revealed record annual profits of £3.3 billion pounds during the cost of living crisis. As the Good Morning Britain presenter argued against her point, Louise passionately disagreed and the two awkwardly butted heads on the ITV programme.  "I asked you a question which you didn't answer," Ed stated, adding: "And it wasn't a party political question." "I'm not a political person!" Louise cut in as Ed attempted to continue. She added, shrugging: "I am not political - I'm here to talk about the numbers!" "Louise, Louise look, let me ask you the question," Ed suggested. More to follow... He added: "Then you can answer it. I didn't make a political point, I quoted Martin Lewis. "He appears regularly on this programme and is not party political in any way. "And Martin was here last week, saying he thought the chancellor should not go ahead with the rise in energy price guarantee in April. "That's not a party political point - it was actually about him worrying about the hit to energy bills to our viewers in two months' time." The former politician continued: "And I was asking you, you know, whether you think Martin Lewis is right. "Now you can try and play politics with it, or you can answer the question, it's up to you." Laughing, Louise repeated: "I mean, I'm here to talk about the numbers!" She added: "I'm an analyst, I'm a financial lecturer at Kingston University. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Linda Carter faces huge decision over future of iconic pub [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [VIDEO]The Apprentice star predicts Karren Brady will 'replace' Lord Sugar [EXCLUSIVE] "I'm not a political commentator, so if we could stick to talking about the numbers, that would be great!" As co-host Ranvir Singh began to direct questions at Louise, Ed shook his head. At one point he cut in to tell his colleague: "I don't think you can ask Louise anything like that, she just doesn't want to answer." Laughing, Ranvir demanded: "Leave her alone," before Louise continued to argue she only wants to comment on numbers. It comes as Thursday saw the news that British Gas owner Centrica's profits have tripled for the 2022 financial year. The company has reported a surge in its annual underlying operating profits. The firm's earnings skyrocketed to £2.8billion as Britons struggled to meet the cost of living, and the reported profits mark a threefold increase from £392million in 2021, establishing a new record. The latest boost for the firm follows a year of high energy prices prompted by the war in Ukraine. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.