A man who lost his spouse to cancer has honoured her memory by jumping 11,000 feet out of a plane, despite his own diagnosis. Tom Lowery completed the skydive on February 19 to raise money for the hospice that supported his partner of 24 years, Jane Lyons. The 76-year-old, who lost Joan in March last year, has prostate cancer, for which he is being treated. However, that did not stop the retired HGV driver and Royal Signals veteran from Salford, Greater Manchester, from taking part in his parachute jump at the Black Knights Centre in Cockerham, Lancashire. Tom told The Manchester Evening News: "I really enjoyed it; it was incredible—but I’m so glad to be back on solid ground." Speaking before the jump, he said: "Thank you very much to everyone who has donated to St Ann’s Hospice; I hope they get lots of money to support them."  Tom, who had to get the all-clear from his doctor for the jump following his diagnosis, said: "I have prostate cancer, so the drugs that I’m on have made me too weak to take on a 24-hour walk or a marathon. "This is the next best thing I can do; I’ve never done a parachute jump before, so I’m very excited." Tom's family and friends came to support him on the day, and after jumping 11,000 feet through the air, he said: "I loved it, but if I do anything else for charity, it’ll be marathons, not another jump!" He has already surpassed his target of raising £500, as he has currently raised just over £1000. "We all want to raise as much money as possible for such a great cause that supported Joan," he said. "We all want to raise as much money as possible for such a great cause that supported Joan. "Her last days were spent peacefully at the hospice, and their incredible staff provided our family with kindness, support, and a much-needed sense of peace at the end of her life." St Ann’s Hospice provides holistic care to patients with life-limiting illnesses, comprising inpatient care, day therapy, and supportive outpatient services from its sites in Heald Green, Stockport, and Little Hulton, Salford.  Anne-Marie Wynne, Head of Fundraising and Capital Campaign, said: "We are so delighted that Tom completed his amazing challenge to raise money for St Ann’s Hospice—he’s braver than all of us! "Every single donation makes a difference and helps us to continue providing the vital care and support to all those who visit our hospice." To donate to Tom for his parachute jump, his JustGiving page can be found here. 