Tottenham are weighing up making a contract offer to Liverpool star Naby Keita ahead of a free transfer move, according to reports. Keita’s contract expires in June and the midfielder is not expected to pen fresh terms at Anfield. The 27-year-old has been hampered by injuries over the last few years, playing just six times in the Premier League this season. Despite that, reports in Germany suggest the former RB Leipzig ace will have plenty of offers in the summer. Spurs are one of the clubs interested in signing Keita on a free transfer. Liverpool’s Premier League rivals are keen to improve Antonio Conte’s midfield and will back the Italian ahead of next season in a last-ditch attempt to convince him to stay on as head coach. The north Londoners are ‘considering’ making an offer to Keita and registered their interest to the player’s representatives earlier this season. It was around the same time that Keita informed Liverpool he would be considering his options come the end of his contract. JUST IN: Liverpool told terms for 'mutual agreement' sacking of Jurgen Klopp That is according to 90min, who report that the Liverpool No 8 is fielding offers from around Europe. A return to Leipzig, from whom Liverpool signed him for £55million in 2018, is apparently under serious consideration. Keita apparently decided that he might move on after Jurgen Klopp left him out of the starting 11 for Liverpool’s Champions League Final defeat by Real Madrid last May. He felt his excellent Premier League form had warranted a starting place. In turn, Liverpool want to overhaul their midfield and freeing up funds by releasing Keita could go a long way in helping them achieve their plans. Klopp’s ageing and under-performing midfield has played a major role in Liverpool’s disastrous campaign. DON'T MISS...Real Madrid may 'sack Carlo Ancelotti' before Liverpool European tieAnge Postecoglou has already discussed Liverpool jobLiverpool ace Naby Keita 'on the verge of leaving' as part of overhaul The Anfield hierarchy will prioritise midfield signings in the summer to help rejuvenate that area of the pitch. Borussia Dortmund and England starlet Jude Bellingham is Klopp’s target. Liverpool will rival Real Madrid in a blockbuster move for the 19-year-old. However, they face having to pay a club-record fee north of £100m. Wolves ace Matheus Nunes is also high on Liverpool’s shortlist. The 24-year-old would help refresh a midfield that has become stale, with several of Klopp’s options now the wrong side of 30. Liverpool have endured a tough campaign under Klopp. The Reds are 10th in the Premier League, were beaten 3-0 by Wolves last weekend and have been knocked out of the FA Cup by Brighton.