Manchester United would be willing to pay £107million to sign Victor Osimhen at the end of the season, according to reports. The Napoli star has been in sensational form this season, scoring 16 goals from 17 Serie A games to boost his side’s chances of winning the Scudetto. However, a possible move to the Premier League could be on the cards come the end of the season. Manchester United bolstered their attack with the signing of Wout Weghorst last month, with the striker joining on loan from Burnley until the end of the season. However, regardless of how the Netherlands international fares between now and the end of the season, Erik ten Hag wants a new No 9. United are likely to offload Anthony Martial at the end of the campaign, while uncertainty also surrounds the future of Mason Greenwood. And Gazzetta dello Sport via Sport Witness say the Red Devils are prepared to may a massive £107m to land Osimhen at the end of the season. The Nigeria international has been in outstanding form this season, with his goals propelling Napoli to the top of the Serie A table. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United, should they land Osimhen for that price, would make the forward the most-expensive signing in their entire history. It would gazump the £89m they paid to re-sign Paul Pogba back in the summer transfer window of 2016, when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. And the fee would also be more than the £86m and £80m the club have forked out for Antony and Harry Maguire in recent years, too. The problem for United is, however, Chelsea are also eyeing a swoop of their own. The Blues failed to land a new striker in January and, despite spending big last month, still believe further reinforcements are needed. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Chelsea are expected to cut Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang loose at the end of the season, especially in the wake of their decision to drop him from their Champions League squad. And having sold Timo Werner last year, the Blues are set to fight United for Osimhen’s signature. The publication also says Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are potential suitors as well. Real know Karim Benzema can’t go on forever, with the France international approaching the twilight years of his career at the age of 35. Injuries have started to niggle at the striker, too, and Los Blancos have the financial muscle required to secure Osimhen’s signature. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Bayern, meanwhile, have missed the goals of Robert Lewandowski ever since the Poland international moved to Barcelona. And where Osimhen ends up ultimately remains to be seen. Former United striker Louis Saha, meanwhile, recently lamented his side’s decision to land Weghorst over Osimhen last month. "I want to give [Wout] Weghorst a chance because he's an international striker who can give Manchester United a solution,” said the retired striker. "Of course I'd have loved to have seen them sign a forward like Victor Osimhen. "I think he was a missed target two years ago when he left Lille for Napoli. “He should have already been signed but now his price is going to be even more than what Napoli paid for him. "He's a player that's very physical and clinical in front of goal as well as being very technically gifted. “There aren't many players that fit his profile in Europe and it's not easy to find strikers who are as clinical as he is and are capable of being the difference."