The number of people falling victim to romance scams increased by more than 30 percent last year, according to new data from Lloyds Bank. A woman called Mary lost £14,500 after falling for a man she knew as Bill on social media. Social media and dating apps have made it easier for romance scammers to pretend to be someone else on their profile using fake information and photos. Romance scams often leave victims struggling with emotional trauma on top of the financial impact as they also have to come to terms with the fact that the relationship wasn't real. Mary lost £14,500 after meeting Bill online - she'd joined a Facebook group for fans of a popular film, interacting with other members and leaving comments on their posts. Not long after she’d joined, Mary received a private message from another member of the group, called Bill. They chatted on Facebook Messenger for a while, until Bill convinced Mary to move the conversation to WhatsApp, where their conversations became less about the film and more about their personal lives. READ MORE: Side hustle in transcribing can pay £36 an hour    Once the conversation had moved to WhatsApp, Bill and Mary exchanged dozens of messages and the occasional phone call – although never any video calls. Bill sent Mary photos of himself in different places, and some with a person he said was his daughter. After a while, Bill told Mary his bank account had been blocked, and he had no access to money.  Bill sent Mary photos of apparent bank statements, showing £1million was pending release, and others showing large savings balances. Mary agreed to help out, by buying gift cards and sending small amounts of money. Then, she got a message from Bill saying his daughter had been taken ill, with a blood transfusion and kidney transplant required. Bill sent photos showing his daughter lying in a hospital bed and Mary received a message from a person who said they were the doctor responsible for Bill’s daughter’s care. Bill said he too was a doctor, but was currently in Syria, where he’d been deployed as part of his role in the US Army. Bill told Mary his daughter’s hospital bills needed to be paid and asked whether she could help, promising to refund her when his funds were released. DON'T MISS:Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment this year [UPDATE]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [ALERT]Yorkshire Building Society offers market-leading rate on savings [UPDATE] Bill suggested Mary take out a loan. Mary was nervous about this and mentioned it to a family member – and it was at this point the scam became apparent. No loan was taken out and Mary’s daughter-in-law managed to convince Mary that she had been the victim of a romance scam from the start. The average amount lost by each victim was £8,234 and while it's important to remember anyone can fall victim to fraud, there are some trends when it comes to different types of scams. Last year, men were slightly more likely than women to fall victim to a romance scam, making up around 53 percent of all cases. However, that was up considerably from 2021, when they accounted for only 39 percent of cases. Lloyds said those aged between 65 and 74 were the most likely to be tricked into sending money to a fraudster masquerading as a romantic partner, with the number of cases among this age group rising by almost 75 percent year-on-year. The average amount they lost was just over £12,000.  Liz Ziegler, fraud prevention director at Lloyds Bank, said: “The convincing lies told by fraudsters mean that while romance scam victims think they are falling in love, they’re actually falling for a scam. As well as losing thousands of pounds they also have to deal with this emotional betrayal. “The sad truth is there was never any genuine connection, with criminals ruthlessly targeting multiple victims at the same time, and disappearing with the money as soon as they get found out. “While online dating should be a fun and empowering experience, it’s vital that people are able to spot the warning signs, to keep both themselves and their loved ones safe. “If you’ve started an online relationship and the discussion turns to money – regardless of the reason or the amounts involved – then alarm bells should be ringing. “Never send money to people you’ve never met in person, no matter how much you’ve spoken online. Talking to a real-life friend or family member can be a good way to sense check what’s going on.”   Five warnings signs of a possible romance scam: 