A dad says he will use his lottery winnings to buy a gravestone for his son, who died at just four days-old. Adam Scaife was among six Postcode Lottery winners on his road to receive cheques for £30,000 and a £5,000 holiday prize.   The dad-of-two plans to use his winnings to finally purchase a headstone in memory of his son, also named Adam, who died six years ago and is a twin to his daughter, Eve. Despite trying to save money for the cause over the years, the 48-year-old never had enough to do something special. However, following his win with the People's Postcode Lottery on February 21, his plans can now become a reality.  Adam told Hull Live: "We lost our son, Adam six years ago, who was a twin to our daughter Eve. "We haven’t been able to afford to buy him a headstone or anything. "The twins were born three and a half months premature, and Adam passed away after four days, and it was a really difficult time for all of us. "We wanted a place that was special, and we have been saving a bit for a memorial but it’s really hard at the moment to actually keep your savings. "But now with this, we can give him a place to rest, because we just couldn’t afford it." The Hull postcode, HU3 5DY, was announced as a winner on Tuesday, February 21 with People’s Postcode Lottery. Moments after Adam received his winning cheques, he shouted to his family: "We’re going to Disneyworld!" Adam said the cash windfall will make a big difference to his family: "We haven’t been able to afford a holiday because our wages go on everything. "I’d love to take my kids to Florida, they’ve never really been anywhere, they’ve been to the seaside, but they’ve never been anywhere special. "It’s not just the kids, I really to want to go to Disney too." Adam’s wife Dawn has struggled with chronic pain in her back and hips due to complications from the twin’s birth. Adam continued: "It’ll be nice for her to sit down and relax on a beach and not have to worry about anything because she’s an absolutely unbelievable mother, so she needs it." The dad also has ambitions of owning a farm one day and hopes these winnings will get the plans well underway. He continued: "We’ve been planning on starting a farm, to help teach kids about food, where food comes from, animals and nature. "I’ve always wanted to live on a farm and help people. "It’s something that I’ve always wanted to do and losing our son made it even more of a goal. "I managed to get an acre of land and two 40-foot containers and some bits and bobs and that was without any money. "So, this will help make the farm, named Eden’s farm, a reality." Adam was also able to celebrate with next-door neighbour Donna Hall, 45, who also won £35,000 in prizes. She is now on the lookout for a new caravan and making some home improvements with the winnings. Donna said: "It means the world - we can do so much with the money and more. I can get a top-of-the-range caravan. "I can also go to Zanzibar. "I’ve wanted to go there since we started going away, me and my partner - the beaches, everything, that’ll be lovely."  Postcode Lottery ambassador Judie McCourt said: "A massive congratulations to our six lucky winners in Hull! "It was so lovely to meet Adam and Donna and it was amazing to hear what a difference it will make to their lives. "I hope they all enjoy celebrating tonight, spending the cash and have a great time on holiday." The People’s Postcode Lottery costs £10 a month to play and participants play with their chosen postcode. Every day throughout the February draws, one postcode will be announced as a £30,000 prize winner. All the players in the postcode will win £30,000 and an additional £5,000 for a holiday for every ticket they hold.