Newcastle goalkeeper Nick Pope is set to miss next week's Carabao Cup final against Manchester United after being sent off following a moment of madness against Liverpool. Pope has been one of Newcastle's standout stars of the season under Eddie Howe with the England international playing a huge role in their bid to push for a Champions League spot.  No goalkeeper has kept more clean sheets than Pope's 12 in the English top flight, but there was nothing he could do to stop Liverpool's early offensive onslaught on Saturday night. Darwin Nunez and Cody Gakpo soon gave the visitors a two-goal lead inside 17 minutes to put Newcastle on the backfoot. And the Magpies' task was made even tougher in the 22nd minute when Pope rushed out of his box to try and stop a quick Liverpool counter. Alisson spotted Mohamed Salah rushing up the field and booted it up to the Liverpool attacker. Pope appeared to misjudge the direction of the pass and lunged his body towards the ball to stop Salah getting to it. The Newcastle shot-stopper seemingly went for a diving header, but then gathered the ball up in his hands. Anthony Taylor wasted no time in brandishing the red card to send off Pope, leaving Eddie Howe with a selection headache moving forward. Pope will now be unavailable for selection for the Carabao Cup final next week against United. But back-up goalkeeper Martin Dubravka, who returned was recalled to St James' Park in January from his loan at Old Trafford, is also cup-tied. It means former Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius is set to start between the sticks at Wembley as Newcastle look to win their first piece of major silverware since 1955.  Former England international Chris Waddle felt Pope was "unlucky", but said the Newcastle goalkeeper has nobody else to blame but himself. "Nick Pope is a good keeper but he is not the best with his feet. I think he is very unlucky," Waddles said on BBC Radio 5 Live. "He has only got himself to blame. He is not comfortable with the ball at his feet." Karius is yet to make an appearance for Newcastle since joining them last summer on a short-term deal. If the German is chosen to play against United, it will be Karius' first appearance for an English side since his role in Liverpool's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid in 2018. 