Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has dismissed reports of a problem between Mykhaylo Mudryk and Marc Cucurella after the Ukrainian star's social media activity. The £88million winger liked a post criticising Cucurella after their 1-1 draw with West Ham United on Saturday, leaving Potter forced to address reports that the duo were not getting on with one another. At one stage in the first half, Mudryk looked furious with Cucurella for not passing him the ball during Saturday's match. The 22-year-old had made a run down the left flank for Cucurella to play him in, only for the Spaniard to square it to Enzo Fernandez instead. Cucurella appeared to awkwardly apologise to the winger, but the pattern continued throughout the half. And after struggling to get involved in their attacks, Mudryk was substituted midway through the second half by Potter. Later that day, Mudryk appeared to 'like' a post that criticised his Chelsea team-mate for failing to pass him the ball. But Potter has played down any disagreement and insisted it is a matter of failing to communicate properly rather than anything deeper. READ MORE: Rio Ferdinand details private chat with Graham Potter over Joao Felix "There's no problem in terms of anything sinister at all," Potter told reporters before their Champions League last-16 tie with Borussia Dortmund. "It is team-mates understanding each other, quite a common problem of when to pass, what point and time." Mudryk made an immediate impression following his big-money move from Shakhtar Donetsk - the third-most expensive transfer in the club's history - after coming on as a substitute in the goalless draw with Liverpool last month. But the Ukrainian has showed some signs of needing to adapt to his new surroundings and the new elevated status that comes with being a marquee signing at Chelsea. DON'T MISSChelsea have five players Atletico Madrid might accept for Joao FelixWest Ham troll Chelsea after Tomas Soucek 'goalkeeper save'Chelsea fans tear into Mason Mount for antics after West Ham draw He is yet to score or assist in his three appearances for the club and was hauled off at half-time in their 0-0 draw with Fulham at the beginning of February, although Potter claimed the winger had been suffering from a heavy cold. Potter has called for patience as Mudryk adapts to his new surroundings, having gone six weeks without playing a competitive match before signing for Chelsea. ‘We didn’t want to take a chance with him," he said after the game. "He’s still in a process where we’re building up his minutes because of the break that he’s been on in Ukraine. So that was the decision there.’ Similarly, Cucurella has been a disappointing signing since his £62m move from Brighton in August. The Spaniard has struggled to replicate the same form that made him one of the best left-backs in the Premier League and has come under fire from some sections of the fanbase.