Despite their differences, the three have always been there to support Summer Spellman (played by Harriet Bibby) and never tried to complicate their dynamic. However, Billy (Daniel Brocklebank) recently realised his feelings for Paul (Peter Ash) were still there and wanted to try their relationship once again. Official Coronation Street spoilers reveal the couple decide to give it another go but Paul's health worries could put a block in their path. In upcoming scenes, Paul's leg is still causing him pain, but he joins Dee-Dee Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) in the kitchen and reveals that Billy kissed him but he can’t afford to get involved again as there are too many complications. Todd urges Paul to come clean to Billy about the assault on Mike as it may help with their romantic feelings towards one another. After a successful conversation between the couple, Billy and Paul break the news to Todd that they’re back together. In the Rovers, Billy chats to Dee-Dee at the bar and neither of them notices Paul struggling to pick up his darts. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Later, Billy and Paul call round to Gemma’s, but she is left distraught to receive an adjusted gas bill for £4000. Being the supportive big brother that he is, Paul promises to help her sort it, leaving Billy to throw a concerned look. Back at the flat, the couple are having a night in with one another, but while Billy’s back is turned, Paul struggles to grip a glass with his right hand but hides his concern. Is there more to his injuries than Paul is letting on? Will Paul confide in Billy about the struggles he is currently facing or will his deteriorating health bring their new relationship to an abrupt end? During Wednesday night's episode, Billy and Paul were beginning to rekindle their romance with one another. Catching Paul outside of the tram station, Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) revealed some good news: "I got a conditional offer from Manchester university this morning!" Paul was elated for Summer and expressed: "Seriously? That is brilliant, oh come here I am well made up for you." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [LATEST]BBC lines up Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' [WATCH]Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [INSIGHT] As she headed off, Billy said: "I am glad I have run into you, I haven't seen you lately. I tell you what why don't we go out tonight? Yeah unless you're busy..." Paul jumped at the chance for some alone time with Billy and said: "No not at all, that would be great." Later in the Rovers, Paul was sitting with Dee-Dee when his face lit up to see Billy walk through the door. Noticing his perky attitude, Dee-Dee teased: "So that's why you were distracted, worried he had stood you up."  As Summer and Dee-Dee left the couple to it, they were soon crashed by Todd who flaunted some flowers for Summer and offered to get the drinks in. Billy huffed: "He is a polished so-and-so. I learned not to expect too much from him, he shoved Mike, "We were meant to be calming the situation not pouring petrol into it, just can't help himself," leaving Paul to feel guilty. Back at the flat with Dee-Dee, Paul explained: "When Bily suggested going for a drink I couldn't say no. "You didn't have to go. Todd tipped up and turned out I was the third wheel. Todd is a better person than billy realises. Let's just say me and billy are better off as mates." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.