A barber has been branded a "hero" after risking his life to pull someone from their wrecked vehicle seconds before it erupted into flames. A shocking video captured the moment Kentucky barber Justin Mouser saved the day while on vacation in Las Vegas. Mouser, 45, was on the Las Vegas strip around 4.30pm on January 27 when he watched a two-door car barrel onto the median and slam into a pawn tree. CCTV footage shows the barber and a uniformed police officer, Derek Stebbins, as they rushed to help out the driver, unconscious in the wrecked vehicle. The car was smoking when the two men opened the doors and Stebbins can be heard shouting "Come here - drag him! Drag him!" as both men helped pull the driver from the wreck. The vehicle then burst into flames just seconds after the motorist was freed from the wreck. Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said in a statement: "We are incredibly thankful to both men for being in the right place at the right time."  Stebbins was taken to hospital to be evaluated for smoke inhalation, however he was reportedly well enough to return to work within the week. Mouser told local outlet Fox5 that he had gone to the vehicle after no one came out for "several minutes". "I thought: 'Well, somebody needs to look in to see what’s wrong with him,'" said Mouser. Officer Stebbins had been urging people to stay back during the incident, Mouser joked that he probably should have listened. "I don’t hear very well - or sometimes act like I don't," he joked, adding: I’m glad the guy’s going to be OK,."  READ MORE: Hunter Biden finally admits 'laptop from hell' is his Mouser said he believed Stebbins wouldn't have been able to rescue the driver on his own. Stebbins agreed in a video posted to social media, conceding that the angle at which he needed to pull the unconscious driver from the car was an awkward one. He added: "He's just as much a hero as I am for wanting to stick around and help get that gentleman out of the car." Police booked the driver on counts of driving while intoxicated, failure to stay within a traffic lane and lacking proof of insurance. 