Satellite images have uncovered the devastation left behind by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria earlier this week, as 190-mile-long cracks appear on the ground. According to the country’s Disaster and Emergency Management Authority (AFAD), the death toll from the horrific earthquake has now risen to almost 21,000. They also noted that since the first event early on Monday, they have recorded 1,891 aftershocks. Now satellite images show that the seismic event has left behind literal scars in the region, in the form of two enormous cracks that have opened up in Earth's crust near the Turkish-Syrian border.   The images, captured by the European Earth-observing satellite Sentinel-1, showed that the longer of the two ruptures was 190 miles (300 kilometres) long, running in the northeastern direction from the northeastern tip of the Mediterranean Sea. This rupture was created by the first of the two major tremors that struck the region on Monday at 4.17am local time with a powerful 7.8 magnitude. According to a tweet from COMET, the second fissure appeared after the second tremor on Monday, which occurred nine hours later and had a slightly milder magnitude at 7.5. In a tweet, COMET said: "Complete picture of the two earthquake ruptures now available from the Sentinel-1 descending pass. Image below is range offsets from pixel tracking. The two ruptures appear not to be connected. Scale of event is horrific - the image is ~250 km across "The main fault that ruptured in the M7.8 is about 300 km long and the EW fault that slipped in the M7.5 is about 125 km long" Professor Tim Wright, who leads the COMET team, told Space.com in an email that such fissures commonly appear after powerful earthquakes. However, the two devastating tremors unleashed such a large amount of energy that the cracks are far longer than normal. He wrote: "The bigger the earthquake, the bigger the fault and the more it slips. This earthquake fault is one of the longest on record on the continents. Also very unusual to have two such large earthquakes happening within a few hours of each other." READ MORE: Fears of nuclear horror as Turkey's reactor rocked by earthquake The movement of the tectonic plates that resulted in the seismic events created such cracks that they were even clearly visible on the surface, running through towns and even splitting under buildings. COMET researcher Milan Lazecky told Space.com in an email: "We estimate presumably horizontal displacements of rarely up to 5 meters [16 feet], Indeed, such large displacements of the terrain cannot be missed by people living in those regions." Local geology scientists in Turkey also shared images of the cracks on the ground, confirming the data from the satellites. As news of the event spread, scientists at space agencies around the world—including NASA—began processing and analyzing satellite data relevant to the event. DON'T MISS: Octopus Energy says key switch to slash NHS bill by £20bn [REVEAL]Mystery hippo-like carcass found on New Zealand beach [SPOTLIGHT] WHO warns world 'must prepare' for bird flu outbreak [REPORT] Eric Fielding, a geophysicist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said: "These were very large and powerful earthquakes that ruptured all the way up to the surface over a long series of fault segments. "This generated extremely strong shaking over a very large area that hit many cities and towns full of people. The rupture length and magnitude of the magnitude 7.8 earthquake was similar to the 1906 earthquake that destroyed San Francisco." This region in the north is Cyprus is highly prone to powerful earthquakes as it lies at the meeting point of three tectonic plates- the Anatolian, Arabian and African plates. These plates generate pressure as the bump into each other. However, experts warned that Monday's earthquakes stood out because of their devastating impact and ferocity. 