A grandmother who acted as a drugs mule was found with £2,000 worth of crack cocaine and heroin in her handbag. Lorraine O'Neil, of Vermont Street, Hull, ferried drugs and money around, but was caught when police stopped a taxi taking her home after a trip to Bradford, west Yorkshire. The mother-of-three was allowed to keep a £10 cut from every £100 worth of drugs she sold, Hull Crown Court heard. O'Neil admitted possessing heroin and crack cocaine with intent to supply on February 4, 2021, Hull Live reports. Rachel Scott, prosecuting, said O'Neil travelled from east Yorkshire to Bradford with some money and then returned in the taxi which was stopped by police on the M62 motorway. Police found 76 wraps of heroin and 58 wraps of crack cocaine with a total value of £1,920 in her handbag. No cash was found on her. A mobile phone had messages indicating Class A drug dealing. She went on to tell the police she collected drugs from Bradford and was concerned about reprisals if she made mistakes. O'Neil sold the drugs as directed by a County Lines telephone contact. She had previous convictions, but not for drugs. In mitigation, Connor Stuart said O'Neil was a drugs runner playing a limited role. READ ABOUT CELEBRITIES IN THE US TURNING THEIR BACKS ON HARRY AND MEGHAN  He said: "She would receive cash payments for those drugs and someone would come round to her house and take the cash from her. "On this occasion, she was asked to go to Bradford. There is some suggestion of intimidation and exploitation of her own addiction. "She was put under pressure following her arrest to ring the person who threatened her with violence after the drugs were seized and he told her that she needed to pay him back." Mr Stuart added the only advantage she gained was that she would get a £10 cut of the drugs for every £100 she sold. DON'T MISS: Missing woman muted phone and turned off camera before she vanished [LATEST] New law may see THOUSANDS losing ability to vote at next election [REVEALED] Pigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [REPORT] He said: "The only advantage was to feed her own habit. "She was given a telephone and that telephone was used to contact her directly. An occasional customer would retain her number." He argued O'Neill had no influence on those above her in the chain of command, but was trusted to move drugs and cash. She has three adult children and four grandchildren, according to Hull Live, and used to work at a department store in Hull city centre until it closed. Recorder Mark McKone KC told O'Neil: "Dealing in Class A drugs is regarded as serious by the court. "As you know only too well, people quickly become addicted to Class A drugs and it causes misery in their lives. "I accept that you were performing a function under the direction of someone else." O'Neil was jailed for two years and four months.