NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal is one of the most successful basketball players of all time, but he has no intention of sharing his incredible wealth with his children. Shaq earned a lot of money during a 19-year career that saw him play for teams including Orlando Magic, Los Angeles Lakers and Miami Heat. Having turned his hand to acting, music production and various other business interests since he retired from playing in 2011, he is now sitting on a £373m ($450m) fortune. Shaq grew up in a poor family from Newark, New Jersey, so he appreciates the importance of hard work and dedication. He doesn't believe that anyone should have things handed to them in life - not even his own children. MUST READ: LeBron James suffers fresh injury setback as Los Angeles Lakers face crunch period  The 7ft 1ins former centre has told his six kids - Taahirah, 26, Myles, 25, Shareef, 23, Amirah, 21, Shaqir, 19 and Me'arah, 16 - that they must "earn" his money. Unsurprisingly, they aren't best pleased. "My kids are older now. They’re kinda upset with me. Not really upset, but they don’t understand," Shaq said on the Earn Your Leisure podcast. "I tell them all the time: 'We ain't rich. I'm rich'. You gotta have bachelor’s or master’s [degrees], and then if you want me to invest in one of your companies, you’re going to have to present it, boom boom boom, bring it to me. I’ll let you know, I’m not giving you nothing." Endorsement deals - from the likes of Papa Johns and Reebok - mean Shaq has an estimated net worth of around $450m (£373m), but there is no doubt he is still as humble as he's always been. "I came from nothing. But, just because I made it doesn’t mean I’m bigger than you, smarter than you - just because I have more money doesn’t mean I’m better than you," he previously told in New York Post. "I’ve never been that way and I never will be that way."   O'Neal insists that his children need to figure out their own path in life. "Listen, I got six kids. I would like a doctor, somebody to own a hedge fund, a pharmacist, a lawyer, someone that owns multiple businesses, someone to take over my business. But I tell them I’m not going to hand it to you. You gotta earn."  