The BBC has announced a one-off dispensation of its licence fee during the Coronation weekend, taking place between May 6 and May 8. To mark the Coronation of King Charles, the publicly-funded broadcaster will temporarily suspend the licence fee, in a huge boost to events being organised up and down the country to celebrate the historic event. The dispensation will make it possible for venues such as churches, town halls and cinemas to screen the live Coronation ceremony coverage on May 6 and the Coronation concert on May 7 without needing to purchase a TV licence. It also applies to any outdoor venues which have the facilities to screen. A dispensation, the BBC noted, is granted in "exceptional circumstances", with the event needing to be of "national importance", in a community setting and normally used on a property that is already covered by a TV Licence. The BBC previously granted a similar dispensation in June last year, during the bank holiday weekend of celebrations for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee.  It currently costs £159 a year for a colour TV licence and £53.50 a year for a black and white TV licence. The TaxPayers' Alliance has welcomed the news, though maintained its stance that the licence fee should be scrapped altogether. Digital campaign manager Joe Ventre told Express.co.uk: "Brits will be glad that they can enjoy coverage of the coronation without enforcement agents breathing down their necks. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's Coronation  The bank holiday weekend of celebration in May will kick off with the sacred Coronation service, to be held at Westminster Abbey. During the televised event, set to be watched by millions of people around the globe, King Charles and Queen Camilla will be crowned and anointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. While the monarch will wear the St Edward's Crown crafted in 1661 for King Charles II, Her Majesty will don Queen Mary's Crown, albeit without the Koh-i-Noor diamond.   Some 2,000 guests are expected to fill the halls of the London abbey - including politicians, members of the Royal Family, Commonwealth representatives and charity officials. Pomp and pageantry will play a major role during the day, and senior royals are set to make multiple appearances. Key members of the Royal Family will take part in a carriage procession following the service, and will head to Buckingham Palace. There, they will make an appearance on the Palace's balcony, as it happened in previous royal events and Coronations. The following day, Windsor Castle will become the stage of a live concert, with several thousand tickets being given away via a public ballot. The Coronation weekend will provide several opportunities for communities to come together. On the same day of the concert, members of the public will be invited to throw a Coronation Big Lunch, during which neighbours could organise street parties across the nation. On May 8, the Big Help Out initiative will encourage people to try volunteering for themselves and join the work being undertaken to support their local areas. 