Manchester United defender Lisandro Martinez was lucky to escape a red card after replays showed that he scraped his boot off the face and head of Patrick Bamford during the pulsating 2-2 draw with Leeds. The physical Argentine centre-back, who is adored at Old Trafford because of his hands-on approach to defending, may have overstepped the mark this though - despite escaping punishment. With United trailing heading into the break following Wilfried Gnonto's quick-fire opener, Martinez appeared to take his frustrations out on market Bamford as they battled for the ball. Bamford slammed into the former Ajax man in first-half stoppage time before the pair both went to ground following the impact of the collision. But as Martinez climbed to his feet, he appeared to move his boot against the face and head of Bamford before seemingly noting his actions as part of an attempt to plead his innocence. Leeds frontman Bamford certainly felt the impact of the incident as he writhed around in pain on the turf but VAR wasn't interested. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Martinez can undoubtedly count himself lucky that he avoided punishment on this occasion as he continues to defend on the edge. The World Cup winner seems to relish a battle and grapple with his markers, even if sometimes he concedes needless fouls. Ex-United centre-back Rio Ferdinand recently declared that Martinez was the best central defender in the Premier League as he lavished the Argentine with praise. He told FIVE: "On form right now, I don't think there's really much argument coming from anywhere else. I think he's dominant, he's aggressive, he's a leader, he communicates well, he shows character, he's there in big moments. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourLeeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection "But I was one of the ones questioning, 'Is he physically gonna be able to compete here if teams isolate him, if teams isolate him?' "That's where Erik ten Hag has been confident in tactically being able to keep teams away from being able to dominate enough possession to isolate someone like Martinez." He later added: "And, up till now, he hasn't been exposed in that sense. On a regular basis, week after week, are we not sitting there going, 'That's a recurring problem, there. It continues to happen, someone's pulling out on him and jumping over him or bullying him physically'. "We haven't seen that, that hasn't become the narrative, and you have to say well done to him but also well done to the recruitment up to now."