BBC host Gary Lineker has been left impressed by striker Victor Osimhen with both Manchester United and Chelsea recently linked with the Nigerian sensation. The 25-year-old scored another brace in Napoli's 3-0 win away to Spezia on Sunday, extending their lead at the top of the Serie A table to 16 points. Osimhen and Khvicha Kvaratskhelia have been the two outstanding players under Luciano Spalletti this season and the biggest clubs in the world have taken an interest in the duo. Osimhen especially has been mentioned with United and Chelsea, as both sides could be prepared to spend big on a striker at the end of the season. Napoli have reportedly placed a £100million price tag on their star striker, prompting interest from Erik ten Hag and Graham Potter’s sides, while Paris Saint-Germain also retain an interest in the man with 16 league goals in 17 appearances so far this season. Interested parties will have also been impressed with Osimhen’s attitude off the pitch on Sunday, as he climbed through the crowd to apologise to a young fan after accidentally hitting them with a ball during his warm-up. He was mobbed by supporters as he went over to the crowd and struggled to get back to the pitch as he continued interacting with the Napoli faithful. Lineker was among many that enjoyed Osimhen’s interactions with fans as he took to social media to express his delight at the in-form striker. “Then bags another 2 goals [after being mobbed by supporters],” Lineker wrote on Twitter. “He’s as talented on the pitch as he is kind off it. Grande.” Chelsea are reportedly ready to go all out for Osimhen and beat another one of their Premier League rivals to a big signing, similar to the deal for Mykhaylo Mudryk, but ex-boss Jose Mourinho has recently sent his two former clubs a warning regarding what he believes is a flaw in his game that English football will not take to. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed “He is of the same level as [Didier] Drogba, but Didier didn’t dive,” Mourinho said after his Roma side’s 2-1 defeat to Napoli when Osimhen scored the game’s opening goal with a stunning volley. “If Victor changes, then OK. I’d buy him if I was at a club with a lot of money. However, if he does go to England one day, he needs to change, because in Italy they put up with this sort of behaviour, whereas in the Premier League, they’d come down hard on him. "I told him that he scored a wonderful goal and needs to stop diving so much. His goal was fantastic, he did the same thing when we met earlier this season, so he’s a fantastic player. But he mustn’t dive.”