Paddy McGuinness is reportedly planning to lose two of his BBC shows with the fates of A Question of Sport and Top Gear also seemingly hanging in the balance. Host Paddy moved over to the BBC from ITV four years ago. An insider told The Sun: “This will come as a real blow to Paddy, who’s made a firm commitment to the Beeb since he quit ITV four years ago. “Both I Can See Your Voice and Catchpoint saw him retain his place as a star of Saturday night TV, something he forged fronting dating favourite Take Me Out on ITV. “But these axings mean that’s effectively gone, so he’s likely to be looking for new projects to fill the void. “He remains hugely popular with viewers, who see him as a relatable and funny bloke they want to welcome into their living rooms. He is likely to bounce back in some way.” READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'  The news comes after the latest series of Top Gear was put on hold after co-presenter Freddie Flintoff was seriously injured in a crash during filming. The star has also faced backlash over the new format of A Question Of Sport since taking over as host from Sue Barker in 2021. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a statement. Season two of I Can See Your Voice, which featured Amanda Holden, Alison Hammond and Jimmy Carr as judges, aired between October and December.   Meanwhile, season two of Catchpoint aired two years ago, featuring celebrities pairing up to face physical and mental challenges. I Can See Your Voice is a mystery music game show based on the South Korean show of the same name. Six mystery singers, who are only identified by their occupation, take to the stage as the judges decide who can really sing. Meanwhile, Catchpoint features four participants in two teams and one premise: don't drop the ball. DON'T MISS... GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' Christine McGuinness talks about marriage to Paddy Freddie Flintoff could quit Top Gear after filming accident Paddy is yet to respond to the claims that two of his shows could face the chop. Back in 2021, A Question of Sport host Sam Quek jumped to Paddy's defence after the show's critics called for Sue Barker's return. Speaking to Express.co.uk she said: "I think it’s so important to remember it’s a sports quiz, it’s sport. "One of the best things about sport is that it’s inclusive to anyone, anyone’s background or age, especially in this show. "To watch the show, you don’t have to be a sports expert, you don’t have to play sports, so why is everyone making a fuss about the presenter not being an elite athlete, or having that experience? "It’s really important to remember that if sport is inclusive, it should be the same with a Question of Sport, and it is.” She explained she, Paddy, and Ugo Monye get on “so well”, and said they also “represent different people and different things”.