Prince Harry is "absolutely determined" that his memoir Spare won't be his "last word", a royal expert has claimed. Spare was released on January 10, one year and a half after it was originally revealed, by Penguin Random House, in the summer of 2021. Former ITV royal correspondent and author Nicholas Owen told Sky News Australia: "He's obviously determined that the book shouldn't be the last word. "This touches frankly on one of the most important things I think about, Harry, Meghan and everything else, what are they going to do next." He added: "It's all very well spilling out all that stuff, how angry you are with your family and how miserable your childhood has been and all that stuff. "But, you know, if you're not careful, you're going to be a one-trick pony. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'hopes unsealed papers will demolish Virginia's story' to restore reputation "You've got to find something else to tell the world, some other way to make money." He also touches on how Harry's book became the fastest-selling non-fiction book, so "give him credit for that". He added that there was also one thing that "rather puzzles" him about it. It was the fact that Harry's book "right from the very beginning, it was half-price." READ MORE: Princess Kate avoided 'wardrobe malfunction' at wedding 'with the help of Sophie Wessex' This comes after it was earlier reported that Harry has "no regrets" over any of the revelations or claims made in his bombshell book. A fellow guest at Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi’s surprise wedding vow renewal ceremony has spoken out, claiming that Harry, who attended the ceremony with Meghan, seemed quite proud over the book and its public reaction. Harry released the book last month, starting from the tragic death of his mother in 1997 up until the present day, documenting his life as a husband and father-of-two. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as senior working royals in 2020, before setting up a new life in the US. The couple now resides in California with their two children, boasting a host of celebrity neighbours including Ellen DeGeneres.