Sal was diagnosed with breast cancer last year when she was aged 45 and she says the pressure from the cost of living crisis is “relentless”. A leading cancer charity is calling for more support for those who live with the illness. Sal was diagnosed with breast cancer in February 2022 and is currently on treatment for the condition. She said: “The rising cost of living is relentless. Ever since I received my cancer diagnosis, we haven’t been able to afford to turn the central heating on, and my husband has had to take on a second job to keep a roof over our heads. “We have even had to start washing clothes in buckets to avoid using our washing machine to cut costs. “Macmillan helped me keep my head above water by providing us with a one-off grant, which was a lifesaver, and they also helped me navigate applying for my benefits as well. I really don’t know where I'd be without them.” READ MORE: Over 50s encouraged to take advantage of 7% interest rate Figures from Macmillan Cancer Support showed tens of thousands of people who are going through or are recovering from cancer treatment in the UK have had to sell possessions or borrow money to cover the bills. The group is calling for more support to help those with cancer hit by the cost of living crisis. The good cause has a support line open seven days a week where specially trained teams can help with financial support. Richard Pugh, head of partnerships at Macmillan Cancer Support, said: “Every day we’re hearing from people living with cancer who are struggling to get by and pay for the very basics. “It’s heart-breaking that people are now being left with no other choice than to sell their personal possessions or take out loans pushing them into debt.” DON'T MISS: Millions eligible for up to £250 free credit for energy bills [INSIGHT]You could slash energy bills by £600 in just 3 hours [EXPLAINED]Three key tax allowance to maximise before they expire in April [ANALYSIS] Mr Pugh urged people to reach out if they are struggling. He said: “We know that this is a very difficult time for many people and that it can be hard to make the first move in reaching out for support. “It's crucial that anyone who is feeling the pressure knows that we are here for them. We have specially trained teams on our support line who can offer confidential advice or simply provide a listening ear during this challenging time.” The cancer support charity gave out more than £19million in grants last year to more than 48,000 people with cancer across the UK. The group has also committed £30million over the next three years to fund welfare benefits services. READ MORE: Energy bills to rise by 40% as Hunt ends support Personal Independence Payments (PIP) are available to Britons who live with a long-term health condition or illness. The benefit includes a mobility and a daily living component with a lower and higher rate depending on an individual’s needs. The daily living component has a lower rate of £61.85 a week and a higher rate of £92.40 a week. Claimants can also get a mobility part that is either £24.45 a week for the lower rate or £64.50 a week for the higher rate. A person who receives both the higher weekly rates would get £156.90 a week, or £627.60 a month. PIP payments are increasing by 10.1 percent with the new financial year in April, along with many other benefits, including Universal Credit. With the increase, the daily living component will increase to £68.10 a week for the lower rate and £101.75 a week for the higher amount. The mobility component payments will increase to £26.95 a week for the lower rate and £71.05 a week for the higher rate.