Ex-Southampton full-back Jason Dodd made over 300 appearances for the Saints in the Premier League but now spends his days very differently, as he leads Winchester College’s football department. Dodd joined the south-coast side in 1989 from Bath City for a fee of £15,000 and quickly made the jump to First Division football from non-league. Dodd became a mainstay in the Southampton team that remained in the top-flight for 16 years during his time at the club before relegation in the 2004/05 season when Dodd was on loan at then-Championship side Brighton. Having enjoyed a stellar career at the summit of English football in the Premier League, while also featuring in the UEFA Cup during Southampton’s European campaign in the 2003/04 season, Dodd then turned his attention to coaching. At the end of his career at Southampton, Dodd moved to Eastleigh with team-mate Francis Benali and after retirement, he took up the Conference South side’s head coach job. At the end of the season, he left Eastleigh to return to the Saints as a coach, before being named caretaker manager alongside John Gorman as they avoided relegation to League One. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd After a spell at Aldershot Town he spent nearly five years between 2009 and 2014 as director of Southampton’s youth academy as he oversaw the progress of stars such as Luke Shaw, Adam Lallana and James Ward-Prowse to the first team. Manchester United star Shaw has previously credited Dodds with making a big impact in his career during his time in charge of the club’s successful youth academy. When Dodds and assistant Paul Williams were dismissed from their roles, Shaw took to social media to thank them both. “Gutted for Doddsy and Willo,” Shaw wrote on Twitter. “Helped me a lot in my development over the years. Wish them all the best in their careers.”  After a spell at Gosport Borough, Dodd took a job at Winchester College where he has worked as the school’s head of football since November 2014. He also runs a Football Development Centre in Proco where the 52-year-old helps junior players improve their game. Dodd has been able to use his vast experience in the Premier League to aid youngsters at both Proco and Winchester College, as his impact on Southampton was made clear when over 50 former players turned out for his testimonial in 2001 at the Dell. The likes of Iain Dowie, Matt Le Tissier, and Dave Beasant all showed their gratitude for Dodd who later went on to work with Mauricio Pochettino as part of the club’s recent golden generation. Several players from Dodd’s under-18s team went on to have careers as long as the ex-defender in the Premier League such as Lallana who at 34 is still a key part of the Brighton team flying high in the table, though he could miss the remainder of the season through a hamstring injury.