Some travellers don't feel safe in hotel rooms and many fear an intruder could sneak into the room and hide in the wardrobe or under the bed. Flight attendant Esther, who flies for European airline KLM, shared her top "hotel hacks" to stay safe while holidaying abroad after having stayed in hundreds of hotels around the world. Crew member Esther shared a game-changing way to "check that no one is under the bed without looking". She explained that travellers should simply "throw a bottle under it" and it "has to come out on the other side". If it doesn't, it means that someone is hiding under the bed. American flight attendant Kat Kamali also said it is crucial that people check "if there's anyone in your room" as soon as they check in. Travellers should never say their "room number out loud" and should make sure they check "behind the curtains and under the bed" as soon as they arrive. READ MORE: Tourist fined £439 for breaking rules in Italy  Former flight attendant Nassim previously shared with Express.co.uk her top tips to stay safe in the hotel room. She said: "When I started flying I heard of a story where a crew member had gone into their hotel room and not checked it out properly and someone had hidden in the room. "They got attacked so every time I got to a hotel room I would use my luggage case to keep the hotel door open. I then go inside and check everywhere. "I would check the bathroom, under the bed, inside the wardrobes, under the table and behind the curtains to make sure that no one was in there.  "I would never ever enter a room without doing that," she added. As some hotels don't have chains, Nassim said that she always places her suitcase by the door. The flight attendant explained why: "I would place my bag by the door in case someone opened it from the outside, then it would make a noise." Esther shared other useful hacks which can make travellers' lives easier when staying at a hotel. "Does your cardboard cup also tip over in the bathroom when placing the toothbrush in it? READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "Put it the other way around and poke your toothbrush through it! Washbasins are not hygienic," she recommended. "Your clothes are creased? Hang your clothes in the bathroom while showering! Dry wash it and it's like new again!" Esther advised: "Mirror steamed up and you have to leave quickly? Blow dry where necessary and it's gone in no time. "No speaker with you? Put your phone in a mug and you have loud sound!" the flight attendant added. Travellers on social media took to the comment section to share their thoughts with Susi Dorigoni commenting that these were "super useful tips". Another one said: "Super tips, especially the one under the bed!" and a third one added: "I'm dying about that bottle of water under the bed." A traveller called Joey shared his own hotel hack: "I put the TV remotes in bags because there is no way housekeeping washes them."