Wednesday’s instalment of the hit NBC daytime show, Today, featured a new skincare segment where Dr Marnie Nussbaum and Sheinelle Jones were explaining the latest trends in anti-ageing methods. But whilst watching on the sidelines, presenter Al Roker could not keep a straight face after learning about the bizarre lengths people go to, to remain youthful looking. Dr Marnie Nussbaum appeared on Today, to discuss all the popular anti-ageing methods that fans may have seen used on social media. One anti-ageing trend the doctor spoke about, with host Sheinelle Jones, was micro-needling. The doctor explained that the cosmetic procedure "creates lots of little injuries in the top layers of the skin". She continued: "And what that does is, it creates a wound healing process so that it encourages collagen to decrease fine lines and wrinkles." READ MORE: Melanie Lynskey hits back at body-shaming backlash on The Last of Us After discussing the procedure, Jones asked the doctor about the aftercare of having the treatment done. Nussbaum detailed: "Depending upon the level which the provider uses, there may be one to two days downtime.” Despite hearing about the “amazing” effects micro-needling can have when fighting the results of getting old, host Roker found it amusing. Off camera, the weather presenter could be heard bursting into laughter with co-host Craig Melvin, at the thought of voluntarily getting repeatedly spiked by needles to prevent the ageing process. Co-star Jones questioned: “Who laughed?” after hearing chuckling coming from behind her. Viewers heard Roker speaking off-screen, and he joked: “One to two days of downtime? That's like a full-on procedure.” The TV personality then hilariously said: “It's like you got a staple gun on your head!” Melvin also jumped onto the running joke, stating the obvious: "It looks like it hurts!" DON'T MISS:Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes New Amsterdam's Dr Shin star lands huge new role Goldberg pretends to cry amid Joy Behar revelation The show then continued with Dr Nussbaum discussing other skin care trends, like slugging, skin cycling and the “cryo-freeze” trend. Although the skin-care trends were no laughing matter, the weather presenter did have a good reason to smile after recently returning from a lengthy hospital stay. The journalist was off presenting the popular daytime show for two months after sadly suffering from blood clots in his legs and lungs. He finally recovered late last year going home on December 8 and thankfully returned to Today the first week in January. Today, also called The Today Show or informally, NBC News Today was the first of its genre when it first debuted in 1952. The popular morning show discusses a blend of national news headlines, interviews with newsmakers, lifestyle features and other light news and segments. Today airs from 7am to 11am on NBC in the USA.