Joe Biden renewed the United States's commitment to defending its Eastern European allies in the event of an attack by Russia. Meeting with leaders in Poland, Biden said Article 5 of the NATO Treaty is a "sacred commitment". He reiterated the US and its allies will "defend every inch of NATO" territory as he warned "freedom" is at stake rather than just Ukraine. Article 5 of the Treaty states that "an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all.” Speaking a day before the one-year anniversary of the start of the war in Ukraine, Biden said: "Over the past year, with the countries around this table providing collective leadership, we've also strengthened NATO. "The commitment of the United States, I said to you many times, is absolutely clear. "Article 5 is a sacred commitment the United States has made. We will defend every inch of NATO, every inch." JUST IN: Humiliated Putin forced to pay Russians to attend pro-war event in Moscow stadium The warning from Biden comes after Vladimir Putin threatened to expand the conflict past its current borders if Ukrainian allies continue to provide Kyiv with weapons. The growing hostility Putin has showcased over the past year is the apex of years of brewing tensions between Moscow and Eastern European nations. The Bucharest Nine, or B9 group, is made up of leaders of Eastern European nations concerned about Russia's growing hostility following the annexation of Crimea in 2014. After his remarks, Biden spoke with the leaders of Poland, Romania, Lithuania, Slovakia, Estonia, Latvia, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Hungary privately. DON'T MISS Lukashenko 'helped Putin’s invasion plans’, exiled Belarus politician [FEATURE]Putin lashes out at Church of England over gender-neutral God  [REPORT] German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [ANALYSIS] The meeting in Warsaw came a day after Putin announced he would suspend Moscow’s participation in the last remaining nuclear arms control pact with the US. Putin emphasised that Russia is not withdrawing from the pact yet, and hours after his address the Foreign Ministry said Moscow would respect the treaty's caps on nuclear weapons. Moscow would continue to exchange information about test launches of ballistic missiles per earlier agreements with the United States. In his state of the union address, the Russian leader cast his country — and Ukraine — as victims of Western double-dealing and said it was Russia, not Ukraine, fighting for its very existence. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews