Lucia Harrison, 27, was feeling the pinch from rising costs and so decided to take on a part-time job. She has been able to purchase her with extra cash from this job as a Pub Quiz Master in her local area. She said: “My deposit was £50,000 and it took two to three years to save. “I saved £25,000 myself, which was inclusive of £3,000 LISA bonus in my Moneybox Cash LISA and £7,000 in my Moneybox stocks & shares ISA (which included £1,000 gains from the market). “The remainder was what I saved from my Quiz hosting which I put into my Cash LISA.” Recent data from Moneybox found 18 percent of people have started a side hustle to earn money, whereas 21 percent sold things they didn’t need and 19 percent shopped second hand. READ MORE: Virgin Money is offering top rate with 4.25% exclusive account “I hadn’t done much public speaking before but was up for the challenge and quickly began to love it and look forward to my evenings each week! “I started with one night a week which slowly grew to my now maximum of five, it’s great. “I have made great friends along the way at each pub!” She discussed her experience saving for her mortgage whilst working at the pub part time. READ MORE: DWP confirms cost of living payment details - Millions to get £301 boost in just months Ms Harrison said: “My best advice would be if you can, increase your salary rather than reduce your expenses. “Most mortgage lenders offer 4.5-5.5 times your salary so moving jobs to one paying even £1,000 more than your current will boost your affordability by £4,500 to £5,500. “I realise this isn’t practical for everyone so instead I would say find a side hustle you really enjoy whether that be online or in your local community. “You never know what you might find!” Research from Moneybox looked into the impact of the cost-of-living crisis on people’s savings. They found 22 percent of women started a side hustle to earn more money versus 14 percent of men. However there are a range of things that both males and females could do to earn extra income.