While King Charles is a seasoned grandfather now, according to a body language expert he was a little wary of his first-born grandson. Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the King's relationship with Prince George. King Charles is a devoted grandpa to five children - William and Kate's children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, and Harry and Meghan's children Archie and Lilibet. He is also a grandfather figure to Queen Camilla's five grandchildren, Eliza, Gus and Louis Lopes and Lola Parker Bowles. Body language expert Judi James suggested that over the years Charles has become very comfortable in the role of grandad. However, the birth of his first grandson conjured up a range of emotions for two main reasons. READ MORE: King Charles has one grandchild who brings out his 'fun' side Firstly, Judi suggested that the birth of Prince George gave Charles a brand new role he was not accustomed to. She told Express.co.uk: "Charles was 65 when George was born and his first grandson seemed to place him in the position of ‘Grandpa-in-training’. "His body language only later suggested a much more confident, hands-on approach to both Charlotte and Louis as well as Camilla’s five grandkids. "In the few photos we have of them together, Charles seems to have held George like an unexploded bomb. "His affection is obvious but he also looks inhibited when it comes to relaxed touch and cuddles." But it was not just his first-time grandfather status which influenced Charles' body language toward baby George. The second reason for Charles' tentativeness was that he was already fully aware of George's destiny. Judi stated: "Perhaps knowing how important it is for George to take on a more serious, weighty role as soon as possible, Charles seems to be seen peering at him with interest and warmth but from a less than tactile distance. READ MORE: Meghan did not have 'genuine friendship' with important royal - claim "Even when George sits on his lap for the official photo Charles has his hands placed gingerly around George’s ribs." Despite his wariness around holding the little Prince, Charles' relationship with George must always have been a "proud but poignant one". "Charles, William and George share the same destiny, meaning that, unlike most grandparents, Charles would have been able to ‘look into a crystal ball’ for a crystal-clear picture of his first-born grandchild’s upbringing and future destiny. "He will know they will all three share the same unique experiences and lives and that George will, like him, always belong to the country as much as his own family. "This is probably a slow-burn relationship though that could lead to very profound bonds of shared passions, causes and mutual respect." As for how Charles has influenced his eldest grandson, Judi suggested that George is walking in the King's footsteps. "Like his grandfather, George seems to be growing into a rather thoughtful young man who takes his royal duties seriously and his interest in the environment and gardening will be something they can both share."