Fraudsters often pretend to be from a bank or genuine organisation in a ploy to put pressure on an individual to hand over personal or banking information. They will often include personal details in a bogus message to try and dupe a person into thinking the message is real. Twitter user Alan Green (@alangreen1958) sent a message to Santander on Twitter after he received a suspicious message. He said: “Had an email from mobilepayments@santander and text cancelling my google pay card, they gave last four digits of card but smells like a scam.” The bank responded to confirm the message Alan had received was a “scam attempt” and asked him to send them the email. The Twitter user replied to say he would do this, adding: “This was a realistic one, nearly had me fooled.” READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike Scammers sometimes use a bank’s logo and official language in their efforts to convince a person the message is legitimate and the victim needs to take action. Typical ploys fraudsters will use in bogus emails include telling someone their account or funds are at risk, or that a payment has been blocked. The cruel scammers try to panic a person into quickly reacting without checking if the message is real. They will often include a link to a fake website under their control, where a person inputs their details. If a person receives a suspicious message, they can reach out to the bank or organisation themself to confirm what the situation is and if they need to do anything. A woman from Edinburgh recently lost £22,000 to scammers who called her pretending to be from her bank, Santander. An investigation by Santander established money had been sent to a fraudster’s account and they were able to recover almost £17,000. They were unable to recover the other £5,000 as it had already been transferred to other accounts. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released Chris Ainsley, head of Fraud Risk Management at Santander UK, warned of "ruthless" scammers. He said: “Taking on the persona of someone from your bank, the police, or even a utility provider – criminals will do what they can to convince you to part with your money." Scammers are also taking advantage of the Government’s various cost of living support schemes, to try and dupe people into handing over information. People on means-tested benefits, such as Universal Credit, are to receive a £900 cost of living payment over the coming tax year. The Government is also giving a £150 one-off payment to people on disability benefits and a £300 cost of living payment to pensioners. People can find the latest information about the cost of living support on the Government website. Universal Credit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April, along with many other benefits, including PIP and Pension Credit. State pension payments are also going up by 10.1 percent, with the full basic state pension increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week. Those on the full new state pension will see their payments increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week.