When it comes to fighting one's battles amid golf's ongoing civil war, there are worse names to have on your side than sporting legend Sir Nick Faldo. So Rory McIlroy will have been glad to see the six-time major-winner jump to his defence during the recent spat with Sergio Garcia. A rift has emerged between former friends McIlroy and Garcia following the Spaniard's defection to LIV Golf last year. Nine-time world No. 1 McIlroy revealed in December that Garcia had told him to "shut up about LIV" in a text message during the 2022 U.S. Open, and the Northern Irishman admitted he'd "sent him back a couple of daggers" in response. Former Masters champion Garcia (2017) spoke to the Telegraph at LIV Golf's season-opener in Mayakoba, Mexico, on Thursday and said he felt McIlroy "lacked maturity" after seeing their relationship fall apart. But Faldo took umbrage with those comments, suggesting it was Garcia whose sophistication should be called into question. Quote-tweeting a link to Garcia's remarks, the 65-year-old wrote: "Now this is rich coming from the most immature player I’ve ever witnessed!!" Garcia went on to say he was open to repairing his relationship with Rory but cast doubt as to whether last year's FedEx Cup champion would "put himself down to that level.” READ MORE: Tiger Woods not in Rory McIlroy's good books after golf icon makes PGA Tour comeback  It's not the first time Faldo and Garcia have clashed, with tensions between the two believed to have first emerged after the disastrous 2008 Ryder Cup. Team USA secured their biggest defeat over Team Europe in 27 years, with Englishman Faldo copping much of the blame as the visiting captain in Kentucky. The three-time Masters champion referred to Garcia in 2014 as "useless" during that series, but their rivalry had several other boiling points over the years. And judging by Faldo's latest input on the McIlroy beef, the feud is far from over. Faldo and McIlroy have exchanged some light-hearted sparring of their own in the past, most recently while the latter was warming up at last year's Memorial Tournament. When asked by CBS' Colt Knost to "say something really insulting about Nick," who was also part of the broadcast, McIlroy replied: "I don't have to, everyone else does." DON'T MISS Phil Mickelson gets personal with Tiger Woods and co in latest PGA dig Tiger Woods on how he'll act around LIV rebels at 'uncomfortable' Masters champions dinner Inside the life of Phil Mickelson: Dinosaur skulls, flying planes and Rory McIlroy feud   For his part, the second season of the LIV Golf League hasn't started quite as Garcia might have envisioned. The 43-year-old holds a share of 16th on one-under par heading into Sunday's third and final round of the curtain-raiser, some eight shots behind joint-leaders Talor Gooch and Peter Uihlein. Having already engaged in a rivalry with another LIV insurgent, Patrick Reed, earlier this year, McIlroy is becoming battle-tested as a leader figure in golf's turf war. Finding the right comrades is often crucial to winning such crusades, and Faldo's allegiances are clear for all to see in the latest leg against Garcia.