Prince Harry and wife Meghan are poised to sign a string of blockbuster new deals, cementing their status as Hollywood’s fastest-rising power couple. His best-selling book Spare and the couple’s hit six-part Netflix series Harry & Meghan have put them in “pole position” to negotiate even more lucrative contracts. One senior studio source said: “They have the Midas Touch right now. Everything is turning to gold.” As well as their book, TV and podcast deals, the pair are still on a roster of $1million-per-booking speakers, with Barack and Michelle Obama and Bill and Hillary Clinton, at New York’s Harry Walker Agency. Harry, 38, has also found himself in demand as a TV host. It emerged last week he was “serious” about guest-presenting NBC’s Saturday Night Live. The Sunday Express revealed last month that at least two US networks are preparing huge offers for Harry to be a studio pundit during his father’s Coronation. Our production source said: “He’s awake to the fact he could probably command the biggest fee in late-night TV history.”  Their first priority, however, is to extend their £82.7million multi-year deal with streamer Netflix before Harry’s solo passion project, Heart of Invictus, is released. Our source confirmed: “There have already been talks about extending and enhancing the relationship by renewing their contract early. “There have been one or two production difficulties so far, but these have been minor and Netflix understands what a coup they have at a time when global interest in the British royals has never been greater.” But with audio giant Spotify, which pays them £20.6million and hosts the Archetypes podcast by Meghan, 41, things will not be so easy – as their champion there, Dawn Ostroff, is standing down, while their friends the Obamas have quit the platform for Amazon’s Audible. An insider said: “Amazon would be thrilled at the idea of poaching Meghan.” Meanwhile, their production company Archewell has named Serena Regan as head of podcasts and Shauna Nep as co-executive director of the Archewell Foundation, the pair’s philanthropic arm. 