Jamie Mohr, four, defied the odds when he was born weighing just 1lbs 8oz on September 10, 2018. Jamie's mum, Lorraine, 38, had been told her placenta stopped working at her 20-week scan and the baby was no longer getting the nutrients to grow.  Medics warned the tot would pass away immediately after birth and offered her a termination - which she refused. A consultant told Lorraine they could deliver the baby at 28 weeks but that there would be a just 10 per cent chance of survival. She decided to give her tot a chance and says Jamie "surprised us all" and is now thriving. The little lad will start primary school later this year and has been labelled a "maths prodigy" - who can count in six different languages. Jamie even tots up his mum's shopping to the penny and his teachers say he is able to "out school them". Lorraine, a senior policy officer, from Glasgow, Scotland, said: "It was a total rollercoaster. "I trusted the doctors but deep down I was willing and hoping them to be wrong and they were. "Each time they offered me a termination I kept saying no and going against them. "Jamie defied the odds at every step, he defied medical science all the way, which is crazy. "He is outsmarting his teachers - I got a message the other day from his nursery teacher who said he was out schooling her. "When we go around the supermarket, Jamie is often totting up what we are spending and he usually gets it right down to the penny - he is pretty amazing." Lorraine had a "normal pregnancy" until she had her 20-week scan where she was told that anomalies were found. DON'T MISSMystery over why Nicola Bulley's dog was found without harness [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [REPORT]BBC urged to investigate claims Dominic Raab 'swore at staff member' [REVEALED] She was sent to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Glasgow, Scotland, where she was told the baby was no longer developing as he should. She was warned her baby would pass away at birth and was offered an abortion - which she turned down. Lorraine said: "When I returned to the hospital a week later there was still a heartbeat there. "I came back several times until eventually, a consultant said the baby has a 10 per cent chance of survival." Baby Jamie was born on September 10, 2018, at 4.42pm, weighing one lbs eight oz and has gone from strength to strength. Lorraine said: "As soon as he was born he got taken to another ward and put on a ventilator. "Then 12 hours later I was able to go down and see him. I was told not to expect him to survive but he went from strength to strength and I took him home 11 weeks later on November 30, 2018." Lorraine first noticed Jamie was extremely clever just before his second birthday. She said: "We noticed that his verbal communication was really good, he had been counting to 10 and reciting the alphabet. "I didn't realise how advanced he was, I thought all two year olds could do that but one day his nursery told us this was unusual." Lorraine started testing Jamie at home and just a few weeks after his second birthday, he could count to 50 and then 100. On another occasion Jamie was watching a show on YouTube when the character started counting in French, and when he switched the show-off, he started counting in French. Lorraine said: "I couldn't believe it. "I tested it out, I out on other programmes in Spanish and Japanese and he started counting in those languages too." Jamie is now able to count in Spanish, German, Japanese, Mandarin and English. Medics have labelled Jamie as having hyperlexia - a superability to decode words as well as being gifted with numbers.