Prince Harry could have effectively sealed his and Meghan Markle's fate with the publication of his memoir Spare and fuelled the final push to have the Sussex title removed, a royal commentator noted. Conservative MP Bob Seely has tabled a proposal to amend the 1917 Titles Deprivation Act to strip the Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles from the pair. Jonathan Sacerdoti reported Seely admitted the autobiography played a significant role in convincing him to go forward with his plans. Sacerdoti said: "Bob Seely originally started to consider this action after the Netflix series was released. "But he and I spoke just after the publication of Spare, and I think that it didn’t help matters at all. "The book was seen by many as betraying the royal family and the monarchy and also has been quite widely mocked in some respects. "This just isn’t how royalty usually behaves. The allegations against the Royal Family in the book are more detailed and more numerous than ever before, which has decreased Prince Harry’s favorability polling and caused many people to question why he should still use his title." JUST IN: Body language expert claims to spot Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ Speaking to Fox Digital, Sacerdoti added: "Seely plans to introduce a private member's bill that would allow a vote to amend the 1917 Titles Deprivation Act, which was used to strip the German royal family of their UK titles during the First World War. "That level of treachery was seen as cause to remove royal titles back then, so it’s striking that a serving MP now feels so strongly about the actions of Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, that he wants to use the same law to strip them of their titles." Under the current regulation, only peers who have been convicted for committing a crime or those who have taken up arms against the United Kingdom can be swiftly stripped of their peerages. The act was created at the height of the First World War, and Prince Harry's great-grandfather George V used it in 1919 to strip the Duke of Albany, the Duke of Cumberland and Teviotdale, the Earl of Armagh and the Viscount Taaffe of Corren of their titles for serving under the German Army during the war. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future Prince Harry could renounce his ducal titles, which he acquired upon his marriage to Meghan Markle in 2018, but would still remain a Prince of the United Kingdom. Meghan, who uses the feminine version of her husband's titles, would therefore still be entitled to be introduced as The Princess Henry. However, Princess Michael of Kent is the only member of the Royal Family to still use the convention as her husband is the only descendant of George V in the male line not to have been granted a royal peerage.