The East Palestine resident said he woke up coughing blood five days after the Ohio chemical train crash. Nathan Izotic still visibly struggled with a cough as he discussed the symptoms he and his wife Kelly experienced following the derailment. East Palestine locals have voiced concerns about their health and safety despite authorities allowing them to return home and saying the water is drinkable. Izotic said: "It was days after the incident and I woke up in a very horrific coughing spell, almost like bronchitis or pneumonia type. "I don't know if it was just from the coughing fit but spats of blood did appear that night. "A few days later we evacuated the town and it went away but that was one of the side effects." His wife Kelly said she has been experiencing crippling headaches since the Norfolk Southern train crashed spilling chemicals into the ground and air. JUST IN: Vladimir Putin 'very desperate' in crazed speech after failed Satan II ICBM launch She reported the symptoms manifest anytime she is within a few miles of the train crash. Kelly said: "The headaches are horrible. Pretty much when I'm about three to four miles outside of town, they start. "As long as I'm within a few miles of the crash site I've got headaches. Really bad headaches, migraines." Fox News anchor Tucker Carlson asked Nathan whether he had consulted with a doctor to assess the origin of his bloody cough. READ MORE: Train carrying industrial material is the third to derail in US in just three weeks But the East Palestine resident admitted his scepticism about trusting authorities and expert advice. He said: "If we're talking the Ohio Dr Faucis, we can go and they're going to try and pull it towards having Covid-related symptoms. "But we obviously know that's not the case. "It's still blatant, it smells terrible, and it's more towards the evening when it's more prominent. The future isn't right." DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT The Environmental Protection Agency confirmed on Tuesday that Norfolk Southern will need to clean up the town from any traces of the chemicals leftover from the derailment. EPA Administrator Michael Regan said the agency has continued to test the water, air and soil in the area around the crash but could not confirm they are also testing for dioxins in addition to the chemicals. He said he trusted the data from the analysis on the water but urged residents still concerned about their health to attend a newly-opened clinic in East Palestine if they need medical attention. The couple has also lamented the impact the crash has had on the value of their home. Nathan and Kelly had only bought their home in East Palestine in May. Kelly said: "Nobody is ever going to purchase a home that has East Palestine in the address. "This has definitely made our value plummet. We just bought the home in May." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews