Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk has fired back at Dutch football legend Ruud Gullit after he brutally accused the Reds captain of defending like a ‘speed-skater’. Gullit felt Van Dijk was to blame for a couple of Real Madrid’s goals in the 5-2 Champions League defeat last Tuesday. Van Dijk has endured a tough campaign at Liverpool. The 31-year-old has only recently returned after six weeks out with a hamstring injury. But that did not stop Gullit tearing into his countryman after Liverpool thumping by Madrid. He said: “Van Dijk puts his hands behind his back like a speed-skater and he bends his knees like speed-skaters do. “His body is leaning forward. He kind of kneels down in his moves and only has his hands behind his back so he avoids a handball when the striker shoots. That, for me, is too easy - and it looks clumsy.” READ MORE: Four signings Liverpool may make this summer after Jurgen Klopp demand Van Dijk has now responded to the former Chelsea striker. The centre-back has defended his performances and has pointed to the several injuries he has suffered in recent years - including rupturing his ACL in 2020. “I have nothing to say on that. I set high standards. People try to hold me to that so that’s what I try to do,” Van Dijk said. “Coming back from the big injury and then being out for six weeks is tough so playing three games for 90 minutes is something I’m very proud of and have worked hard for.” A goalless draw with Crystal Palace on Saturday was hardly the best response to Liverpool’s woeful Champions League display. Jurgen Klopp’s side were toothless at Selhurst Park and were unfortunate to leave South London with a point. DON'T MISS...Loris Karius can claim redemption glory in Carabao Cup for NewcastleJamie Redknapp slams Liverpool star Naby Keita - 'Sums up his career'Bellingham would 'love' to transform Liverpool and keeps 'eye' on Reds Klopp felt his side were too predictable. He said: "I think we killed the atmosphere with the way we played. When football is predictable, it means it’s easier to defend. To be unpredictable you need different movements, that’s what we have to offer in behind the lines as well. "It was always in the midfield area. We gave balls away, but they were really aggressive as well. You feel something’s not right, but it’s an away point and it’s OK. It’s not brilliant, but it’s OK. "In moments like this [we miss Darwin Nunez], but we can play without him. We have Diogo [Jota] on the pitch who can be the threat in behind as well. When Mo [Salah] and Cody [Gakpo] are dropping, Diogo has to be there."