Jennifer Lopez, 53, and Ben Affleck, 50, appeared to get into a heated discussion in the audience at the Grammy Awards when host Trevor Noah took a seat near the couple. However, a guest sitting next to the stars at the event has now come forward, claiming to know the exact details of the conversation between the Hollywood couple. The internet has gone wild this week trying to figure out details of the conversation J.Lo had with her husband, with the pair appearing unhappy. Page Six reported that a lip reader claims Jennifer was aware that Ben looking "miserable" was trending during the awards show. According to the lip reader, the Jenny From the Block hitmaker leaned over and said: "Stop. Look more friendly. Look motivated." Ben reportedly quipped back: "I might." READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December However, a seat filler has since taken to TikTok to explain what really happened at the event, with many Twitter users jumping to conclusions. She said: "J.Lo showed Ben Affleck the phone and was like, 'Oh my god, honey. Look at this meme circulating about you' and he was like, 'Oh god, this again'. "He knew during the performance that he was a meme. He knew and just chose not to change his expression." She added: "I know she was on her phone and saw it and was like, 'honey, this is so funny. Look at this'. According to the seat filler, they were a "super lovey-dovey" couple and their "hands were always intertwined". In another shot taken from the night, J.Lo appears to be bored by her beau, turning away from him to look at her mobile phone. However, the mum-of-two seems unbothered by the theories and gossip surrounding her relationship. She took to Instagram to share a montage video from the evening, while also paying tribute to her husband. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Harrison Ford addresses 'grumpy' interviews and 'disorder' claims [COMMENT] Michaeol Douglas visits fathers grave to mark anniversary of death [HOLLYWOOD] She captioned the snap: "Always the best time with my love, my husband." Ben has been pictured in Los Angeles in casualwear since the Grammys, alongside a female companion. The actor rocked a checked blue shirt, jeans, and trainers while appearing to show very little emotion on his face. A clip has also surfaced of a photographer asking the actor about the reported argument between himself and his wife J.Lo, however, Ben seemingly ignores the gentleman and gets into his car. A source has since claimed to Entertainment Tonight that there was a reason why Ben was not feeling his best at the Grammy Awards ceremony. The source explained: "Jen [Lopez, Affleck’s wife] and Ben had a fun date night out at the Grammys, but they have both been very busy working on several projects, and Ben was feeling tired. "He wanted to go and support Jen, but he wasn’t his usual self." Jennifer and Ben married last year, reuniting 17 years after they originally broke off their first engagement in 2002.