Colin Murray, 45, has reportedly split up with his wife of over 10 years, Line of Duty composer Carly Paradis, 45. The Countdown host and his former partner are said to have been driven apart due to their careers. A source claimed: "Colin and Carly separated after work pushed them apart. "Colin got really busy with Countdown and his BBC Radio 5 Live show, while Carly is busy at work as a musician. "They ultimately took the decision at the end of last year that it was no longer working between them," added to The Sun. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Colin Murray for comment. Colin joined Countdown from July 14 after Anne Robinson sensationally quit her hosting role. Taking on the role of temporary host, Colin exclaimed it was “an absolute honour” to present Countdown after Anne leaves the show in July. He is no stranger to presenting the Channel 4 show as he has previously stepped in for Nick Hewer when he took time off from the role. Colin confirmed the news on Twitter back in May as he highlighted the “absolute honour” of presenting the programme. He said: “I’m like the assistant manager, given the job until end of season. “Earn respect of dressing room (@susie_dent @RachelRileyRR), get some points on the board, try to win a trophy! 75 games to get it right! “Absolute honour. Fav show ever. July 14 to start of Nov. #Countdown.” (sic) It wasn’t long before Colin was inundated with support from Countdown fans with many praising his appointment. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW]Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES]Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [LATEST] Absolutely brilliant news - they have to give you the gig this time,” David Ealey tweeted. Gabby Logan posted: “So thrilled for you Colin,” as Dave Gorman echoed: “Excellent news. Congrats.” Ed Harris shared: “Well done Colin! The right man for the job!” “I love Susie and Rachel, don’t play them out of position, congratulations Colin, I’m looking forward to the shows with you,” Ann Gree wrote. Anne confirmed she would be leaving the show after a year at the helm, admitting she had “stayed longer than I signed up for”. Anne revealed: “I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins.” She continued: “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their 70s are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks. “In fact the genius of Countdown is that it’s a brilliant way to keep the brain exercised. I run 5k most days of the week. “And I can now do an anagram at twice the speed I could this time last year.”