Nell Gwynn — also spelled Gwyn and Gwynne — is one of history’s most famous mistresses. Born on February 2, 1650, in the depths of poverty, Nell started out working in one of London’s most prolific brothels. She soon became a celebrity of the period, enjoying a successful career on the stage with the famous diarist Samuel Pepys singing her praises. She sought to climb the ranks yet further by securing King Charles II’s favour with a dastardly trick on her rival. After working at Madam Ross’s brothel, serving drinks to drunken punters, Nell landed a job through her sister Rose’s contact with playwright Harry Killigrew and landed a job selling oranges at the new King’s House where she was introduced to acting. Later, Mr Killinger, impressed by Nell, set her up with the Hart and Lacy theatre company. Her career blossomed, and by 1665, she was making a name for herself, described by Samuel Pepys in his diary entry in April of that year as “pretty, witty Nell”. But disaster struck. London was hit with the Great Plague, and the theatres soon shut. The following year the Great Fire of London swept through the capital, destroying some 13,000 houses. At the same time, King Charles II faced many difficulties in his life. His wife, Queen Catherine, was unable to produce an heir. The Monarch, who was “addicted to women” according to diarist John Evelyn, did not seem to have this problem as he had had 13 children by various mistresses, all of whom were illegitimate.    Nell, whose career was suffering as a result of the disasters that had struck London, travelled to Tunbridge Wells to win the King’s favour, along with several other actresses, including Mary Moll Davis. Moll, who had much in common with Nell, was also an entertainer and their rivalry had begun on the stage. While Nell was famed as a comedy actress at the King’s Theatre, Moll’s singing and dancing captivated audiences at the Duke’s theatre. It is said that Moll was the illegitimate daughter of Thomas Howard, the Third Earl of Berkshire, and thus thought she was of a higher status than Nell. It was Moll who initially won the King’s favour and was chosen as his mistress. This meant she was showered in gifts which she made her rivals well aware of, bragging about her “mighty pretty fine coach” and a ring worth £600, some £110,000 today. Nell then came up with a trick to ensure that it would be her in Charles’s bed. Upon hearing of Moll’s appointment with the King one evening, Nell invited her rival for tea, but the cakes she served were far from what they seemed. READ MORE: Affairs, exiles and beheadings: The reigns of King Charles I and II  The sweet treats were laced with jalap, a powerful laxative, which Moll ingested. Nell’s plan worked as hoped and from then on, she was seen in Charles’s company. Nell was known for her wit: she famously referred to the King as “her Charles the Third”, a nod to her previous two lovers who were also called Charles. It was this humour and good company that made her so popular with the Monarch. She was bequeathed a house in Newmarket, West Suffolk, as she enjoyed gambling and horse races. Charles would often spend summers with her there and would even speak with her about matters of state — leaving the court far from pleased. During their relationship, which lasted until the King died in 1685, she had two children, one of whom died during early childhood. Their son was not given a title — which many of Charles’s illegitimate children were also given, again infuriating the court. DON'T MISS: Sunak skewers Starmer in furious rebuttal over bullying claims [INSIGHT]Furious Putin demands troops seize Donetsk and Luhansk by March [ANALYSIS]Pigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [REPORT]   However, Nell had another trick up her sleeve to see to this. As the couple watched their son play, she beckoned their child over, calling “come here, you little bastard, and say hello to your father”. This horrified Charles, who quickly saw to it that he be given the title of the Duke of St Albans. Nell remained close to the King’s heart right to the very end. On his deathbed, he asked his brother and heir to the throne, James II, to “let not poor Nelly starve”. But, following the King's death, Nell’s love of gambling landed her in hot water, and she was soon locked away in a debtors’ prison until the new Monarch was convinced to bail her out and give her a pension, equating to more than £200,000 today. She died just two years after Charles at the age of 37.   