 Megan Fox, 36, joined her fiance Machine Gun Kelly, 32, at the Grammy Awards on Sunday evening as the musician received his very first nomination. Although the singer lost to rock legend Ozzy Osbourne, the actress declared there was something “immeasurably more satisfying” for her.   At music’s biggest night of the year, the 74-year-old rockstar took home the Best Rock Album gramophone for his 13th studio album, Patient Number 9. The Black Sabbath star surpassed the likes of The Black Keys, Idles, Spoon and Machine Gun Kelly. Despite the disappointing outcome for MGK and his fiance, Megan took to Instagram on Tuesday to congratulate the singer regardless. The actress posted a few snaps from the Grammys red carpet and afterparty, showing off her and Machine Gun Kelly’s different looks as the evening went on. READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance  She wrote in the caption: “Congratulations on being in the very small percentage of artists who have received a Grammy nomination. “You have handled this process with a grace and maturity that I haven’t seen from you before and I’m so proud of you.” The Transformers actress declared that seeing MGK “grow into yourself and become a better man” has been “an immeasurably more satisfying experience than watching you accept an award”. She continued: “I hope one day you’ll see yourself the way I see you.     “I love you and I’ll keep this memory of you forever.” Megan also cheekily added: “This is irrelevant I guess but I will just never ever get over how beautiful your face is.” Before the ceremony even started, MGK took to Instagram to “express gratitude” to his fans. He wrote on his Instagram story: “No matter what the outcome is, whether we win the Grammy, I am so happy to have been on this journey exactly as how it has turned out.  "I'm grateful for you, I'm grateful for the family I've gained, the friends, the shows, the laughs, the cries, all that s***. "It helped me push to even be here to experience a moment like this. “So look, we already won. We already won. But see you tomorrow." The A-list couple strutted the red carpet on Sunday, despite the actress’s injuries.  Megan revealed on Instagram earlier in the day that she had suffered a concussion and a broken wrist, but refused to let it hinder the celebrations. She appeared at a pre-Grammy gala in a corseted red dress and a bright pink brace to support her wrist. For the awards show itself the actress ditched the brace as she walked the red carpet as she and MGK donned matching silver and white ensembles. However, it could be spotted on her table inside the event while the actress chatted to singer Camila Cabello.