Gino D'Acampo, 46, showed off his love for his wife Jessica Morrison last year when they renewed their vows on his ITV show, Gino's Family Adventure. The This Morning chef has since spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he makes his marriage work while slating his friends for "living forever" in their wives' pockets. Gino has been married to Jessica since 2002, with the couple having three children together: Luciano, 21, Rocco, 18, and Mia, ten. Express.co.uk asked Gino about how his marriage has stayed so healthy and strong over the years. The ITV chef admitted he and his wife have little contact when he's away from home, while hitting out at his friends who can't be away from their partners. He said: "I could be filming in Italy or somewhere in the world for two weeks and I would perhaps call my wife once, or twice. READ MORE: Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet "There is no need, apart from when I want to hear from her, or if something happened. "What’s the point in bothering your wife to the point I need to pretend to want to make a phone call is insane! I don’t buy into it." This led the TV chef to share an insight into how his relationship with his wife was different from that of his friends. Gino continued: "You know, anytime I go out with some of my friends, we get to the middle of dinner, on a boys' night and one of them gets up to ring their wife. "I’m always the one who complains, and they explain that if they don’t, their wife will be angry at them tonight. "I say, ‘She knows where you were? You saw her yesterday and you’re seeing her tomorrow, right? Then what the f**k are you doing? What are you going to tell them?' "The answer is always the same: ‘If I don’t make the phone call I will get into trouble.' "What kind of relationship is that? Crazy! There is when, sometimes, men and women get it wrong, very wrong. If you don’t want to do something then don’t do it!" DON'T MISS... Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [HOLLYWOOD] Paco Rabanne dies years after perfume legend retreated from public [DEATH] Debbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hair [PICS] Gino also used the same interview to praise his wife Jessica for always sticking by him and knowing how to treat him in their marriage. When asked about the secret to a healthy marriage, Gino replied: "The secret is simple. You need to create a balance between living a life with your wife and family, and having the time to be alive by yourself." "So a couple that thinks that they can live forever in each other's pockets, 24 hours a day, is an insane way of thinking." Gino then went on to discuss the importance of "leading your own life" as he shared what a good wife Jessica is. He continued: "I believe every human, no matter the sex, or age, or anything else, needs to lead their own life! "You need to have your own hobbies, friends, and your own holidays! I think that’s why my marriage has lasted for so many years. "Jessica is a very clever woman and she has understood me from day one. She knew that if she put him in a cage, then eventually I would break the cage and disappear if she did that." Gino made the decision over a year ago to cut back on certain areas of his eccentric foodie lifestyle as he approaches 50, and takes a Berocca every morning alongside his breakfast. Introducing Berocca Immuno (MRRP £7.50 - 15 tablets / £13 - 30 tablets) from January, the brand’s most advanced formula for immune support, a perfect addition to help support your overall well-being so you’re ready for whatever life brings*. The cold winter months are a crucial time to recognise the importance of supporting your immune system, helping you to look after yourself and feel your best. Berocca Immuno is available to buy online now