Death in Paradise launched in 2011 and has since grown into one of the BBC's most internationally popular show in its books. Series 12 is coming to a close this evening, February 24, with episode eight showcasing a new investigation and Neville Parker's (played by Ralf Little) personal predicament. With the finale ready to come out, viewers are eager to know if there will be more to come from the comedy-drama. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Death in Paradise hasn't been officially renewed for the past couple of years as series 11 and 12 were confirmed as part of a double renewal. Until now, there has been no word on the show's future, with the BBC staying very quiet on the topic. But fear not, as the network, ahead of the series 12 finale's release, has confirmed there is going to be a Death in Paradise season 13. What's even more exciting is that filming will begin soon in Guadeloupe, the island that fans see as Saint Marie. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale There has been no announcement regarding a potential release date just yet. Typically, the series has almost always started in January so season 13 will likely air sometime in January 2024. American fans of Death in Paradise are going to have to wait until a later date for the same episodes. Viewers have been worried this could be Neville's final season. In the teaser for series 12 episode eight, Neville is seen telling Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) that he is thinking of leaving the island. All of his predecessors have also left the show after about three series so it seemed like his exit was written in the cards. The episode may not have aired yet but it has been revealed actor Ralf Little is going to reprise his role in the upcoming season. So thankfully, there will be plenty more adventures for Neville on Saint Marie to come. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [SPOILER]Beyond Paradise star detail injury they hope won't be spotted [EXPLAINER]Beyond Paradise stars tease Martha struggle as her past life revisited [CAST] An official cast announcement hasn't been made either but it is presumed original Death in Paradise star Don Warrington is going to be back as the Commissioner. He is likely to be joined by Elizabeth Bourgine who has been Catherine Bordey since the second-ever episode. In addition, fans are probably going to see Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles), Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) and Darlene (Ginny Holder) in the next lot of episodes. It isn't known if the Commissioner's daughter Andrina, played by Silent Witness star Genesis Lynea, will be back. As well as the new series to look forward to next year, there is also the start of its spin-off Beyond Paradise. DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) are back, this time, they are engaged and have moved to the stunning town of Shipton Abbott in the UK. He takes on a job as a detective, solving unusual crimes with the help of his new team, from tonight, an hour before the last Death in Paradise series 12 episode airs. Death in Paradise season 12 episode 8 airs on Friday, February 24, at 9pm on BBC One.