Yesterday, February 22, Princess Anne met researchers, clinicians and patients at the CSI to understand how King’s research is improving people’s experience of life limiting conditions, death and dying. The Princess Royal was accompanied by President and Principal of King’s College London, Professor Shitij Kapur, Professor Irene Higginson, Executive Dean of the Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing, Midwifery and Palliative Care, Professor Richard Harding, Director of the Cicely Saunders Institute, Professor Richard Trembath Senior Vice President, and John McGrath, Chief Executive of, plus other representatives from Cicely Saunders International. Princess Anne always looks fantastic whenever she steps out in public, and yesterday was no exception. The 71-year-old is one of the most hard-working members of the Royal Family and always makes an effort to attend engagements - and in style too. For yesterday’s visit, Anne donned an eye-catching blue and red collarless jacket with gold buttons running down its centre. It also had gold buttons on its sleeve cuffs. The print featured rows of tiny squares, laid out vertically, on top of one another. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims The jacket cinched in at the waist, accentuating Anne’s figure, and she wore it with a simple navy blue midi skirt. Her legs were bare, or she wore nude tights, and on her feet were plain black leather shoes. Anne accessorised with a silk scarf around her neck, which was burgundy and gold, matching her coat. She also wore a pair of black gloves and carried a black leather handbag. DON'T MISS:Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [BEAUTY]Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school [ROYAL INSIDER]Adam Woodyatt’s ‘weight dropped off’ after giving up popular drink [PICTURES] The Princess donned a simple pair of stud earrings and a brooch was pinned to her left lapel. This brooch seemed to be gold with a small sapphire stone at its centre. Anne’s hair was in its usual classic updo and it didn’t seem like she was wearing make-up. Commenting on the royal’s visit yesterday, Professor Shitij Kapur, President and Principal of King’s College London, said: “We were delighted to welcome HRH Princess Royal to The Cicely Saunders Institute to showcase our research achievements in palliative care. “In the 12 years since Her Royal Highness opened the CSI, King’s researchers have made a tangible difference to the lives of patients and families.” During the visit, the Princess Royal met with colleagues whose research and clinical tools enable patients to die in places where they wish - most often at home, and to support those important to them, such as families. She saw examples of the research that has found better ways to support older people to live in the community and to improve care for people with dementia. The royal also saw how the CSI is supporting capacity building and knowledge generation across the globe so more people can benefit from palliative care. Princess Anne went on to pay tribute to clinicians who provided vital care during the COVID-19 pandemic. Teams from the CSI were vital in providing care in hospitals and in the community, as well as adding to the COVID response in palliative care nationally and globally. Researchers at NMPC provided the first robust understanding of care and symptom management for people dying from COVID, according to a spokesperson for King’s College. These findings fed directly into national and international clinical networks, government, and public understanding. The spokesperson added: “During the visit, Her Royal Highness was also shown breathlessness support kits which have helped to lessen the feelings of distress and depression for this common symptom among people with advanced disease.”