Formula 1 drivers are reportedly ‘concerned’ about burning out due to the 2023 racing calendar. After Max Verstappen’s dominance last year the 2023 F1 campaign will return next month, with the bumper schedule kicking off in Bahrain for the season opener. Another busy year of racing lies ahead, with the biggest calendar on record playing out between March and November with 23 races taking place. Whilst this is no doubt music to the ears of F1 fans, the less can be said for the drivers. Drivers are said to be banding together to express their concern to those in charge. The hectic 2023 calendar will no doubt take its toll, with team members expecting to clock up around 80,000 miles in travel if they attend every race. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has already admitted he will not attend every race throughout the season. Head of the Grand Prix Drivers’ Association, Alex Wurz takes on the role of ensuring the safety and wellbeing of those competing week-in-week-out. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fears he may never beat Max Verstappen to another title Speaking about the 23-race season he told Planet F1: “Of course we have to ensure that the acting individuals are not burned out by too many races over the years, something the drivers are considering as a concern. As well as the concern that the audience accept more races. “But I see no danger to the sport if the business interest sets the direction for long term sustainable models, which is what I see Liberty [Media] doing with the right balance. Certainly we know that what sells F1 is the tracks and the product is the drivers themselves. ‘So there is a factor to ensure they are razor sharp and remain excited to do many races at every race and every interview, which is a fact we have and will debate ongoingly with F1 stakeholders.”  This is not the first time tensions at the top of the sport have grown ahead of the new campaign. Drivers were once again left unimpressed with the sport’s governing body the FIA, after they announced plans to ban ‘unauthorised’ political statements being made by competitors on race days. The latest driver to take aim at the powers that be was Alfa Romeo man Valterri Bottas, who told Sky Sports: “I think everybody should be allowed to say what they want and do more things that they want or have passion for. People in this world should be free to say what they want. In a way, I don't see the need for that kind of thing to be in the rules.”