Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston has labelled Donald Trump's Make America Great Again slogan "racist" while promoting the upcoming season of his show Your Honor. Cranston, who vocally supported Hillary Clinton's 2016 bid against Trump and is pro-teaching critical race theory, made the remark during an interview with CNN host Chris Wallace. The 66-year-old actor claimed: "When I see the 'Make America Great Again', my comment is: Do you accept that that could possibly be construed as a racist remark?" He added: "Most people, a lot of people, go: 'How could that be racist? Make America Great Again?' "I said: So just ask yourself from an African-American experience, when was it ever great in America for the African-American? "If you're making it great again it is not including them. JUST IN: Donald Trump's former allies attend Republican rival Ron DeSantis' pre-primary event "It is to teach us in the woke world to open up and accept the possibilities that our privilege has created blind-spots for us." Trump first used Make America Great Again in 2011 when he was mulling over a run for the Oval Office. The 76-year-old property-tycoon-turned-politician would later use the four-word slogan during both 2016 and 2020. However, it had been used by others in recent US elections, with Republican Ronald Reagan's 1980 campaign coining the phrase in the wake of stagflation. Bill Clinton would also use the phrase during his 1992 announcement, saying: "I believe that together we can make America great again." But Trump was adamant he came up with the phrase now indistinguishable from his recent campaigns. The 45th POTUS told MyFox New York in 2015: "The line of make America great again, the phrase, that was mine, I came up with it about a year ago, and I kept using it, and everybody's now using it, they are all loving it." Cranston's criticisms of the MAGA slogan comes just weeks after he clashed with podcast host Bill Maher over critical race theory. DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] He said: "Well, I mean, for one thing, critical race theory, I think is essential to be teaching." Trump is at odds with Cranston over the controversial education policy. The former Commander-in-Chief, who is seeking to become just the second POTUS to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office, vowed to cut federal funding to any school which pushes "critical race theory, gender ideology, or other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content onto our children". 