Lady Sarah Chatto, 58, is the daughter of the late Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones. On July 14, 1994, she walked down the aisle to marry Daniel Chatto, 65, at St Stephen Walbrook Church in the City of London. The late Queen's only niece wore a stunning Jasper Conran gown for her special day. For her wedding dress (and the dresses of her bridesmaids), Lady Sarah turned to Jasper Conran, very much the in-demand society designer of the time. She had three bridesmaids, rather than flower girls, as is often the case, who were made up of her cousin's daughter Zara Tindall, her half-sister Lady Frances Armstrong-Jones and her friend Tara Noble Singh. Sarah's timeless design was made from layers of ivory georgette fabric with a square-cut, corseted bodice and long sleeves. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  Traditionally, the late Queen lent royal brides a diadem from her private collection for their wedding days. But Lady Sarah opted to wear a brand new tiara which was made by Wartski, especially for the wedding. The Snowdon Floral Tiara is comprised of several floral elements, and Sarah added a touch of foliage to it to complete the look. While the Snowdon Floral Tiara was a new piece of jewellery, it had its links to the marriage of Sarah's parents.   Antony had gifted Margaret three floral diamond brooches in 1960 to mark their wedding that year. These brooches were amalgamated to create the stunning headwear their only daughter wore on her wedding day 34 years later. Sarah's decision to wear a new tiara on her big day was unusual for a royal wedding, as most brides wear one of the Queen's existing diadems for their foray down the aisle. Sarah Ferguson also wore a new piece, the York Tiara, for her wedding day in 1986, which had been gifted to her by the Queen. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  But modern brides like Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle both picked royal tiaras steeped in history for their respective weddings. The ceremony was famously brief, lasting just a mere 30 minutes. The couple's driver was reportedly caught off guard when they left the church, leaving them to stand there waiting for a while. The party headed to the late Queen Mother's residence, Clarence House, for the reception.  The couple spent their honeymoon in India, the place where they first met. They now have two sons together, Samuel, born in 1996, and Arthur, born in 1999. She's one of the more low-key members of the Royal Family, who doesn't undertake any royal duties, so it is unsurprising that Lady Sarah's 1994 nuptials to Daniel were on a more reduced scale than the royal weddings of some of her peers. Sarah met her husband-to-be in 1983, while both were working on the set of the film Heat and Dust, yet they would not start dating until three years later. It was in 1986 that they first started to be photographed at gallery openings and other art world events together, announcing their engagement in 1994. 