Liverpool face Wolves for the third time in a month as the Reds finally look to hit form in the Premier League. Jurgen Klopp’s men already sit 10 points adrift of fierce rivals Manchester United in the race for the Champions League places and cannot afford any more disappointing results. Here, Express Sport details the team news for Saturday’s encounter at Molineux and predict the starting XI with two changes expected. Goalkeeper: Alisson No surprises between the sticks. Alisson is the undisputed first choice and has a clean bill of health, meaning he will start. Caoimhin Kelleher should take up a place on the bench with Adrian likely to be left out of the squad. Defence: Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Joel Matip and Andrew Robertson There will not be much change in the full-back positions with Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson likely to keep their spots. The duo have been below their usual standards at times this season but remain the best in the position at the club by a considerable margin. At centre-half, it becomes more interesting. Virgil van Dijk remains out with a hamstring injury while he has been joined on the sidelines by Ibrahima Konate. The Frenchman has also picked up a hamstring issue and will be unavailable for the next few weeks. As a result, Gomez and Matip are set to be the centre-back partnership at the west Midlands with Nat Phillips ready to come in should they suffer any issues. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround Midfield: Naby Keita, Stefan Bajcetic, Thiago Alcantara Klopp may decide to field an unchanged lineup in the centre of the park as he seeks to build up some consistency in the position. Thiago is the most likely player of the three to start while Bajcetic has been something of a shining light in recent weeks as Fabinho struggles for form. The third position is more difficult to predict but Keita may just be given the chance to impress again. However, it would be no surprise if Jordan Henderson was in from the off instead given his energy and leadership skills. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer Forwards: Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Cody Gakpo The frontline is another area where Klopp could make changes given Nunez’s return to full fitness. Salah and Gakpo are unlikely to see their minutes hampered as senior options but Harvey Elliott could find himself on the bench to accommodate the Uruguayan. It is possible that the Liverpool boss may decide to field the teenager in his midfield instead and he would be likely to claim Keita’s place if it happened. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!