The look into what's to come teased the murder of a major male character as the move marked the soap's 38th anniversary. Many fans were left theorising as to who they thought could have met their gruesome end, with some claiming it was Max Branning (played by Jake Wood) who left EastEnders in 2021. Monday night's cinematic clip saw Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), Denise Fox (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) in the frame. It's been confirmed a mystery male character will be killed off on Christmas Day, with their dead body laying on the floor. Some of the women were injured, the others were covered in blood and had their clothes ripped, whilst Denise was standing holding a broken champagne bottle. No information has been revealed as to who the man might be, why they were killed or who was the one to do the crime. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall The clip suggests that one of the women is the killer, however, fans are speculating that someone else could carry out the crime. Alongside the murder, it has been teased that Linda will have a "knight in shining armour" amid her plans to sell The Vic. In the clip, there was a knight figure in the background as they reeled over the grisly murder, and Kathy had previously told Linda that her friends would protect her. Recently, Linda has been worried that her rapist Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo) was going to return to Walford, hence Kathy's comments about friends rallying around. Now, some viewers are adamant that the knight in shining armour could be Max coming back to rekindle his previous romance with Linda. After their romance broke down in 2021, Max fled Walford and remains unaware that she gave birth to his daughter Annie. Max could make a big return and be the one to save Linda from whatever horrors are around the corner for the festive period. However, others have theorised that he could be the one who is lying dead on the floor, considering he has past links to many other women in the room. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue  [WATCH] Will Max return and attack Linda in a bid to steal his daughter Annie, resulting in his death? Taking to Twitter, many viewers began to theorise, with @realseanslater commenting: "Is Max Branning the killer? "Linda's unexpected knight in shining armour, and a knight stands behind Stacey in the flashforward." (sic) Katie P expressed: "May take a bet on the dead fella being Max Branning, for reasons unknown. "But the Knight in armour behind Stacey would normally be him, so maybe the blood on her hands is roping poor old @mrjakedwood back to E20 only for his demise." (sic) Hayley Mays added: "Since the knight is behind Stacey, and Stacey and Max have history, as do Linda and Max, could Linda's knight be Max Branning? Maybe Max Branning is the killer. #EastEnders.." Liam Cornish said: "Waiting for Max to make his long-awaited return but have a sneaky suspicion that he may be the one lying on the floor." @TanyaSWISS98 theorised: "Max returns, finds out about Annie, furious at Linda for keeping it a secret, crashes the ladies xmas party and winds up dead on the floor. BAM!" Whilst @SammyJo654- hoped: "I really hope that the ladies come together and keep the murder a secret. I hope that Max returns but isn't the one who is dead... I love him." (sic) EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.