Meghan Markle's engagement ring looks different to the original, royal fans now claim. Although it's unclear when the change took place, the 41-year-old's ring has been redesigned with a much thinner micropavé band than the one that Harry proposed with. One of the precious stones in Meghan's ring, which Harry used to propose, came from his late mother Princess Diana's collection and the other one from Botswana The special engagement ring contained both of these diamonds. However, new photos have since emerged which showed that the ring is now much thinner, than the Duchess' original, which was a thicker gold band. Although its unclear when the ring was redesigned, Meghan was spotted with a thinner ring in 2019, shortly after their son Archie's birth. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan hire big shot Hollywood dealmaker to help boost their fortunes As well as the redesigned engagement ring, Meghan wears her wedding ring, and has also been seen sporting a newer ring. The new ring is believed to be a gift from Harry, potentially either a 'push present' from her husband or one given to her by him for their first anniversary. Meghan's wedding ring is made from Welsh gold, which is a tradition for women within the Royal Family. The couple got married in May 2018, just six months after they got engaged. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's claim Kate wasn't a 'hugger' debunked in series of royal visits Their engagement was announced to the world in November 2017, having only first met during the summer of 2016. Since their wedding, Meghan and Harry have welcomed two children. They share a three-year-old son named Archie and a daughter named Lilibet, who will turn two in June. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Relieved' Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about attacking Firm [LIVE BLOG]King's Coronation Concert tickets up for grabs - all the details [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [REVEAL] Three years ago, less than two years after their wedding day, the couple announced their plans to step down as senior royals. The pair, along with their son, moved to America to begin a new life and, as declared in their official statement in 2020, to "work to become financial independent". The couple then welcomed their daughter, who celebrated her first birthday during the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, after their move to California.