Vanessa Feltz admitted her heart had been left "battered and bruised" as she celebrated her 61st birthday as a single woman today. The This Morning agony aunt said she believed she was "born and bred to be married". Vanessa ended her 16 year relationship with her former partner Ben Ofoedu, 50, after she discovered he had been cheating with different women during their decades-long romance. The TV personality found out about Ben's infidelity on Christmas Day, which put an abrupt end to their engagement. He has since appeared to send a cryptic message to Vanessa as he took to Instagram to share a post today. The Phats and Small singer uploaded a picture of a big, elaborate pink birthday cake to his story. READ MORE: Priscilla Presley sparks concern over 'inappropriate' post “Happy birthday” is written along the bottom of the cake in pink icing. Ben didn’t caption the story, as he seemingly appeared to be directing the message to Vanessa, which was posted in view of his 47,000 followers. Speaking out on her 61st birthday, Vanessa admitted she remained optimistic despite the end of her relationship. "I am curious about who and what the future will bring," she penned in her Express column. Vanessa told fans she's putting her "best foot forward in the time-honoured position" as she looks ahead to a bright year, leaving the past behind her. She added that she is "grateful to be alive" and remains optimistic about her future. During a chat with the Sunday Mirror, Ben revealed that he’d cheated on Vanessa eight years ago. He also confirmed that Vanessa had discovered on Christmas Day that he had been sexting another woman. DON'T MISS... Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube[LATEST]Gabby Logan slams husband for 'wolf whistling' at son’s girlfriend[ADMISSION]Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown[PICTURES] "I should have got some help after the first dalliance. I knew there was an insecurity. But I papered over the cracks and if you don’t tackle something it reared its head,” he said. “I cheated because I was insecure. The girl in Ibiza said things like ‘You’re such a great guy. I don’t know why you’re not married. Who wouldn’t want to marry you?'”. Ben admitted that he felt "insecure" that he and Vanessa had never married. Recalling the moment they discovered what he had been up to, Vanessa's daughter Saskia told The Sun: “It was Christmas day of all days. We were all together as a family, but Ben was away in pantomime, when the messages appeared via Instagram. “It was anonymous – and of course, it revealed lots that we didn’t know – but it was also very abusive and extremely hurtful. “We don’t keep things from each other in our family so we knew we had to share that with mum.” Devastated Vanessa addressed her breakup in an emotional Instagram post. She wrote: “Well I haven’t been on Instagram for three weeks and that’s because my relationship with Ben is over after 16 years and I honestly didn’t know what to say to you. “But now it’s clear that it’s over and I really do feel that once the trust in a relationship is gone then you can’t really get it back, and that’s what I would tell anyone else to do.”