A Jamaican criminal whose deportation was stopped by Labour MPs and a swathe of celebrities went on to commit murder. Ernesto Elliott stabbed a man in the heart during a violent knife fight over drugs in June 2021.   Elliott was due to be deported on a Home Office flight in December 2020, the Daily Mail revealed. In January, Elliott was sentenced to 26 years for the murder of Nathaniel Eyewu-Ago in Greenwich in an incident that took place during the day. Elliott, who had previously been convicted of knife crime, was supposed to be one of 23 serious criminals to be deported on a chartered flight to Jamaica. Priti Patel, who was the Home Secretary at the time, said Elliott’s crime was evidence of the need to overcome the whims of “do-gooders”. Celebrities including Naomi Campbell, actress Thandiwe Newton, Bond star Naomie Harris and historian David Olusoga all signed an open letter expressing their opposition to the deportation flight. In total 60 famous faces put their names to the letter.     Labour MPs joined the celebrities in their condemnation of the flight. Days before the December flight was due to take place, Vicky Foxcroft wrote: “In February 2020 I co-signed a letter to the Prime Minister (along with more than 170 other parliamentarians) about yet another charter flight to Jamaica. “Like many others I am outraged by the ongoing Windrush scandal and what it has exposed about the UK’s immigration apparatus.  I will continue to pressure the Government to end the hostile environment and implement a compassionate and humane system with human rights at its centre.” Elliott was embroiled in the fracas with his son Nico, 23, both of whom robbed Mr Eyewu-Ago in the drugs fight. Terrified neighbours filmed the incident, which was said to have “caused significant trauma to innocent members of the public who witnessed it”, according to Detective Chief Inspector Kate Kieran.      Former home secretary Priti Patel said in response to the murder: “This case is exactly why we must continue to defy the protestations from the Labour Party, the do-gooding celebrities and immigration lawyers and remove convicted foreign criminals, rapists, murders, child abusers and drug dealers who have no right to be in this country.” Chris Philp, who was a Home Office minister at the time, said in 2020: “It is disappointing that specialist immigration law firms continued to use last-minute tactics to remove a significant number of offenders from this flight. Those we are attempting to remove have committed crimes which have a devastating impact on victims and their families.” A Home Office spokesman said: "Foreign national offenders who exploit our system and commit crimes here in the UK will face the full force of the law, including deportation at the earliest opportunity for those eligible. While legal challenges can frustrate immediate deportation, we remain resolute in our commitment to deport those who abuse our hospitality."   