The Premier League has been home to some incredibly iconic players, with one-season wonders and breakout stars all enjoying life in England. Numerous ‘streets won’t forget’ players have hung up their boots, though not all. Former Blackburn star Morten Gamst Pedersen and ex-Stoke hero Rory Delay are amongst those who rank highly in the Premier League’s cult hero rankings, though they have both retired now. Surprisingly, numerous players are still enjoying their football – though most are concluding their careers at rogue clubs. Express Sport takes a look at eight players who are still enjoying their football and who are fondly remembered by Premier League fans. Emmanuel Adebayor (Semassi) Striker Emmanuel Adebayor is currently playing out his career with Semassi, who play in the Togolese Championnat National league. The forward spent a significant chunk of his career in the Premier League, enjoying stints at Arsenal, Manchester City, Tottenham and Crystal Palace. The 38-year-old gained a reputation for his clinical finishing and boisterous forward play which made him hot property during his prime years. Roque Santa Cruz (Libertad) Despite being 41, Roque Santa Cruz is still leading the line for Paraguayan side Libertad. The striker enjoyed two superb seasons with Blackburn before joining City, where he was less successful. The striker has since spent time with Malaga and Club Olimpia, and he isn’t showing any signs of winding Dow his career yet. Alvaro Negredo (Cadiz) After thriving at Sevilla, City jumped at the chance to sign Alvaro Negredo in 2013 – and it proved a smart piece of recruitment. The Spaniard scored nine in 32 appearances for the club, though those figures don’t do justice to his impact on the pitch – especially during the Etihad Stadium outfit’s title success that season. Pajtim Kasami (Olympiacos) Largely remembered for his Puskas-nominated volley for Fulham against Crystal Palace, Pajtim Kasami currently features scarcely for Greek side Olympiacos. The midfielder spent three years at Craven Cottage during his career, becoming a regular in the team in his final season there, though is still fondly remembered by fans for ‘that goal’. Hatem Ben-Arfa (free agent) French playmaker Hatem Ben-Arfa is desperate to find a new club after being suspended by Lille last year after a reported altercation with manager Jocelyn Gourvennec. No clubs have come forward to take a chance on the 35-year-old yet, though if Ben Arfa is able to perform to the level he did during his stint at Newcastle between 2010 and 2015 then he would be an impressive piece of business by any side. The ex-PSG star was unstoppable during his time in England, with his trickery and speed consistently proving to be a defensive nightmare for opponents to deal with. Hugo Rodallega (Bahia) Colombian striker Hugo Rodallega made a significant impact during his time in the Premier League with Wigan and Fulham. He made 154 appearances in the English top flight, scoring several important goals and helping steer both sides to safety during his respective tenures there. Dimitri Payet (Marseille) Despite his career at West Ham ending on a sour note, Dimitri Payet is still largely adored by Premier League fans due to his sensational set pieces and fancy footwork. The midfielder truly left his mark in London and remains fondly admired by neutrals for the moments of magic he was able to produce on a regular basis. Adel Taarabt (Al-Nassr) Perhaps the most iconic cult hero on the list, Adel Taarabt was one of the most skilful players to ever grace the Premier League. The 33-year-old failed to make the cut at Tottenham but soon found his form at QPR, making over 150 appearances for the club during his time there and collating an impressive montage of mazy dribbles during that time. Now with Al-Nasr, Taarabt is continuing to bamboozle defenders in the UAE Pro League and leave fans in awe with his skills.