With temperatures finally rising, many will be aiming to adjust to the slightly warmer weather and boost their fuel economy at the same time. Drivers around the UK are still experiencing expensive fuel prices, with the average price of petrol reaching 148.76p. While the RAC says prices are falling, and should continue to do so, diesel owners face higher costs of 169.63p every time they fill up. When driving in warmer weather, motorists will usually opt for having the windows open or by using air conditioning. While many may overlook their impact on their fuel efficiency, both options have a huge impact on how the fuel is used. Air conditioning is very energy intensive, while open windows can reduce the drag of the car, making the car work harder and burn through the fuel quicker. READ MORE: 'Entitled woman parked on my drive - I blocked her in and got drunk' While both can be used, there are points at which one or the other is more beneficial to the driver and the car. Chris Evans, head of content at Leasing.com, highlighted the benefits of using both air conditioning and having the windows open. He referenced a 2004 study by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE), which looked at the impact of windows open against air conditioning in larger saloons and SUVs. In the study, there were plenty of variables including how much the windows were open, the aerodynamics of the different cars and how long someone might use the air conditioning. DON'T MISSUK motorists face 'incredibly high' costs when driving in Europe [WARNING]Drivers warned of fines and points for using a dashcam incorrectly [INSIGHT]Hybrid cars pollute more than advertised in cities and on commutes [SHOCKING] He said: As such, the 45mph figure is a guide, but a fairly good one. “While all this might seem like a minor issue, getting it wrong can have a notable impact on your fuel economy. “Using AC can increase your fuel consumption by as much as 10 percent but opening the windows at higher speeds can increase fuel consumption by as much as 20 percent.” A number of other studies have also followed, one of which found that hybrid car fuel economy is harder hit by air con use than conventional combustion-only cars. READ MORE: Morrisons launches new offer to slash petrol and diesel prices More research, from Emissions Analytics, found that the impact of air conditioning on hybrid fuel economy was almost twice as much. Fuel efficiency dropped 6.1 percent in a hybrid car on average, compared to just 3.8 percent for standard petrol car and 4.6 percent for a diesel. Mr Evans continued saying: “While the 45mph line is a good guide, things get a bit more complicated when you are in bumper-to-bumper traffic. “In these situations, it is probably best to avoid using air con or opening your windows. “However we know that in hot conditions that might be uncomfortable, so as a solution you could turn on the air con but close your air vents. “The air con merely recycles the cabin air rather than drawing the air from outside, where there is nose-to-tail line of traffic all belching out exhaust fumes.” Other options for keeping the car cooler and not relying on air conditioning include parking in the shade or in a garage. Tinted windows could also provide benefits for drivers, as will heat deflectors.