Ian Paisley, the DUP MP, told BBC's political editor Nicholas Watt that the Windsor Framework “does not cut the mustard”. Mr Watt wrote on Twitter to his 118 thousand followers that the MP said: “It provides no basis for the DUP to go back into Government and Rishi Sunak needs to enter fresh negotiations with the EU.”    The reporter added: “Ian Paisley dismisses the Stormont Brake which allows the Northern Ireland assembly to block EU legislation if it has a big and lasting impact on NI. "He says the brake is in the boot of the car under the spare wheel and impossible to reach. “Ian Paisley worried about the Stormont Brake because @vonderleyen talked about using the 'petition of concern' in NI assembly. He says UK Government supposedly abolishing it. "The petition triggered if 30 MLAs from at least two parties sign petition. That then triggers a cross community vote.” READ MORE: Anton Du Beke addresses surprising impact of Brexit on Strictly  Rishi Sunak and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen announced that the new “Windsor framework” Brexit deal is set to be the beginning of a “new chapter” between the UK and the EU. The PM stated that a “decisive breakthrough” has been made on updating the Northern Ireland Protocol. The new “Windsor framework” Brexit deal includes a “Stormont brake” which allows the Northern Ireland assembly to stop new EU single market rules applying. DON'T MISSKing Charles hosts controversial meeting with Ursula von der Leyen [UPDATE]Kate imposes strict condition on Prince George's role at Coronation [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte and Louis's roles at Coronation unveiled [REVEAL]   Once the break is pulled, the UK Government can then apply a veto to the new laws. The Prime Minister told a press conference in Windsor on Monday: “Today’s agreement delivers smooth-flowing trade within the whole United Kingdom, protects Northern Ireland’s place in our union and safeguards sovereignty for the people of Northern Ireland.” DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson denied claims in the Irish News that the party had decided to back the fresh deal, insisting it will assess the detail before making a decision. He said: “We’ll take our time to consider the detail and measure a deal against our seven tests.” Earlier, Jacob Rees-Mogg warned the PM he would face a Tory revolt if the DUP rejects the deal. He told GB News: “It will all depend on the DUP. If the DUP are against it, I think there will be quite a significant number of Conservatives who are unhappy.”  