Prince Harry and Meghan Markle regularly hold hands when out and about at public engagements. Express.co.uk previously revealed the couple’s “constant handhold was a display of genuine affection and not for the cameras”. But body language expert Louise Mahler took a look at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex holding hands and suggested Harry “unconsciously holds Meghan back” by his placement. Louise was referring to the time Meghan and Harry held hands whilst walking out of the Palace of Westminster following Queen Elizabeth II’s coffin transfer from Buckingham Palace back in September. As all the senior royals left the Palace, Meghan and Harry, who were walking a metre apart from one another moved closer and linked hands. Whilst this was unusual to see considering the setting, they were not the only couple to join hands; Harry’s cousin, Zara and her husband Mike Tindall also connected physically as they walked out last. Having watched the moment, Louise told Sunrise: “It was totally incongruent with everyone else for their distancing and their placement. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s ‘silent command’ to ’stop Harry talking’ exposed “I would’ve thought people don’t hold hands in a situation like that, and for them to come together, alter the spacing, hold hands is strange.” She looked closer at how Harry and Meghan held hands and suggested: “Harry is again, putting his hand over the top of Meghan’s. “I’m questioning whether Harry as an unconscious need to hold her back in some way, I’ve always thought it was protection, but the fact it never alters says to me maybe he’s holding her back. “She is beside him and I’ve even seen when she [Meghan] is first through - she shoots through all the time - so it’s protection, again she’s a little bit in front of him, it’s unusual.” DON'T MISS...Sue Cleaver opens up on how she’s 'lost more weight' recently [INTERVIEW]Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm [NEWS]'I tried the £149 Bio-Synergy DNA test, here’s what I thought' [REVIEW] It’s not unusual for a couple to physically connect during an emotionally difficult time. Marriage.com explained the science behind holding hands and said: “Couples holding hands are often tied to the intensity of the emotional connection they share and the bond that exists between them. “Touch is one of our most important senses, and it is in our biology to feel an increase in pleasure and decrease in anxiety and stress when touching another person.” There are many ways two people can hold hands, and how Meghan and Harry held hands was important. READ MORE: Prince Edward not singing national anthem looked 'deliberate' - claims The couple began with the ‘down-facing palm’ - a standard way to hold hands, with Harry’s over Meghan’s. Experts say this hand-hold “can tell us more about the power dynamic in the relationships”, with the person “whose hand is on top (palm facing down) is the more dominant one”. Research also suggests this hand-hold technique has a lot to do fo with sex differences since a man’s hand is significantly larger and therefore does the ‘holding’, especially if there is a height difference between a man and woman. Meghan and Harry then switched to ‘interlocked fingers’ and this hand-holding technique “can indicate a high level of intimacy and a caring relationship”. The body language experts added: “Intertwined fingers can signal the couple is comfortable and ready to be vulnerable…it can [also] speak to the level of attachment they share and need for one another.” Meghan and Harry regularly hold hands compared to Prince William and Princess Kate, for example. However, later that same week when Meghan and Harry walked out of Westminister Abbey following the Queen’s funeral, they didn’t hold hands.