Leeds United have been dealt the latest blow in their search for Jesse Marsch's successor after Arne Slot rejected the club. The Feyenoord manager has opted to remain in the Netherlands, publicly turning down the chance to take charge at Elland Road. Ahead of Feyenoord's game against SC Heerenveen this weekend, Slot was unsurprisingly questioned about his future. However, he wasted no time in pouring cold water on talk of him abandoning his flourishing project for Leeds, revealing he had turned the Premier League outfit down. He told reporters: "It is true that I will stay with Feyenoord. I can say that with this one. That is clear. Fans do not have to be afraid." Asked whether he couldn't or did not want to leave the Dutch Eredivisie leaders, Slot responded: "I think a combination of both. The club has been clear. "It was a compliment that a club like Leeds was interested, but we are doing something great with Feyenoord. We are in a great position in the league, the cup and Europe." Slot has guided Feyenoord to the Eredivisie summit after 20 games as the club pursue their first title since 2017. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola sends ominous warning to Premier League rivals And he added that he was looking forward to the future after snubbing the chance to work in the Premier League. "There is no disappointment. It's certainly not a punishment to stay here," Slot concluded. The Dutchman is at least the second coach to reject the job after Rayo Vallecano boss Androni Iraola. Leeds director of football Victor Orta travelled to Spain to convince Iraola to leave his La Liga project for West Yorkshire. However, the 40-year-old said no as he bids to steer Vallecano, currently fifth, into European football. West Bromwich Albion boss Carlos Corberan, Marcelo Bielsa's former assistant, was also heavily linked with the Elland Road job. DON'T MISS Eddie Howe concerned over Christian Atsu with star missing in TurkeyTen Hag raises Man Utd concerns that could derail quadruple dreamsArne Slot has £5.7m release clause but 'uncertain' on taking Leeds job But he responded by signing a contract extension at the Hawthorns less than four months after his appointment. Bielsa was also linked with a surprise return to the club after Everton opted for Sean Dyche in their manager hunt. The experienced Argentine does seem interested in a return, though, leaving Leeds back at chapter one in their quest to replace Marsch. Nuno Espirito Santo, Marcello Gallardo and Ange Postecoglou are other names linked with taking the reins. After Wednesday's impressive 2-2 draw at Manchester United, U21 boss Michael Skubula could also enter the frame if he oversees a memorable win against Leeds' bitter foes in the reverse fixture on Sunday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here