Martin Dubravka has made it clear who he wants to win this Sunday's Carabao Cup final. The goalkeeper is cup-tied so cannot play for Newcastle against his former club Manchester United. Dubravka spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Old Trafford. He made just two appearances for the Red Devils, both in the Carabao Cup. His loan was cut short in January and he returned to be No 2 at St James' Park. The Slovakian is now in the very strange position where he won't win a medal if Newcastle, his employers and current team, win at Wembley. However, if United are victorious, he will pick up a winners' medal having featured for them in the earlier rounds of the competition. But Dubravka is certain he wants Newcastle to win, even if he misses out on officially winning the competition. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter this week  Dubravka told Chronicle Live: "I played two games for Manchester United, so I knew that I can't play in the final or be there for the players. It’s a very strange situation for me as well, but that sometimes happens and hopefully it's up to someone else to show they can play in front of 90,000 people. "It will be very difficult to watch this game. I’ve been asked about it a lot, but of course I want Newcastle to win because I’ve spent so many years here and I’m very grateful for the chance the club gave me in English football. You don’t need to ask me that." Dubravka likely would have played on Sunday if he was not cup-tied. Newcastle are without No 1 Nick Pope after he was sent off in Saturday's 2-0 loss to Liverpool. Loris Karius is set to deputise despite not having played a senior match for two years. On the situation, Dubravka said: "This could be a movie. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has found new undroppable just in time for Barcelona rematchMan Utd star Garnacho 'agrees new contract' as salary plan confirmedLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight  "It is a very strange situation. I can't play for obvious reasons. Nick got the red card. So now it's up to us to prepare the others mentally because that is the most difficult thing, to be mentally ready for it." Having played for United, will Dubravka give Newcastle some inside knowledge on Ten Hag's team? "Yeah," he continued.. "But they probably know that I am here and I know some kind of tactics and information. If they stick with the plan (that I know), who knows? It is hard to say."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here